
BULL'S GAP, October 21, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

General Williams' command has gone. Straggling detachments are still in the country. Cannot you obtain from General Lee permission for me to retain them until all collected and further orders from you?

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 21, 1864. -For Vaughn to Johnston, relating to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 850.]
HEADQUARTERS,Gadsden, Ala., October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will move your command in the morning at 2 o'clock, taking all your ordnance and all your artillery, but as to other trains you will move just as we have been lately, and you will leave all your trains (that you before left) in your camps, parked together, and give directions to your chief quartermaster to report at daylight to Major Ayer, chief quartermaster, for orders. Your shoes will be issued to you to- night. General Hood desires that you will march about eighteen miles to-morrow.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 131. Selma, Ala., October 21, 1864.

Major Thomas Peters, quartermaster, having been assigned to duty by the War Department as chief of steam-boat and railroad transportation of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Major Young, chief quartermaster, will furnish such agents and other assistants as may be required.

By command of Lieutenant General R. Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, Tenn., October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Department, Selma, Ala.:

GENERAL: I find since my arrival here that my troops are in a much worse condition than I expected. Since crossing the river a large number of my horses have died, and many of my men are sick. I have been compelled to allow a large number of my men [to] go home to get new horses, and consequently I find my command greatly diminished in numbers. General Chalmers also notifies me that Mabry's brigade only numbers about 350 men, the remainder being left behind, their

