
horses disabled. He states that Mabry left 700 unserviceable horses in pasture at Grenada. Mabry's brigade, with the regiment and battalion that General Chalmers brought up, will not number over 750 men. These added to the troops I have here will make my effective total about 3,000. The enemy are still at Clifton, and threatening to cross. I a, making such dispositions of my troops as I think proper to await his further movements, and to fight him should he cross. In the mean time will collect my absentees, thereby making my force stronger. Will not move down the river until further developments of the enemy, as it would be unsafe to move, leaving a large force on the opposite side of the river, where they could easily and gain my rear. The people here are in need of salt, and if you could so manage it as to send salt to Corinth and exchange it for bacon and wheat I think it would be a benefit to the Government and the citizens of this section of country. Some bacon and a large amount of wheat can be obtained in this way. After having examined the railroad from Corinth to this place I think it would be impracticable to rebuilt it just now, as it would require more labor than we are bale to bestow on it at present. The entire road is in bad condition, all the trestle- works, bridges, &amp;c., having been destroyed. I also think it would be impossible to put up the telegraph line from Corinth to this place for want of wire, all of which has been used up by the citizens along the line for the purpose of baling cotton and with the exception of about ten miles new poles would have to be gotten, the old one having all rotted. I have ordered Mr. Van Horn, president of the telegraph company, to cease repairing the line from Corinth to this place until he hears from you concerning the matter.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 149. Jackson, October 21, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Colonel R. V. Richardson, in pursuance of orders from Department at Richmond, will report to Brigadier-General Chalmers, commanding DIVISION, for duty, and will assume command of his regiment.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Dawson will report to Brigadier- General Chalmers, commanding DIVISION, for assignment to duty.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Selma, Ala., October 21, 1864.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Commanding, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the enemy's last expedition in the southwestern portion of your district and to request you to forward to these headquarters, as soon as practicable, the report of the subordinate officers commanding detachments of Brigadier-General Hodge's forces whilst said expedition was out. The lieutenant-general command-

