
ing feels that some one must necessarily deserve censure, when such an expedition as the one your report treats of can raid through the country and be permitted to return with its plunder so entirely free from punishment, as it was. Owing to the fact that several detachments of Brigadier-General Hodge's force were separated, on different roads, and acting independently of each other to a great extent, the lieutenant-general commanding deems it necessary in order that he may have all the facts before him and know where the censure should properly attach. As regards the changes you suggest in the location of particular troops in your district the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that you must use your own discretion and do whatever you think the interests of the service and discipline and efficiency of your command require. You will be sustained in all your efforts to reduce to order and efficiency the chaotic element you found in your district. It has been represented to the lieutenant-general commanding that there are immense numbers of absentees from the army within your district, and he desires you to leave no efforts untried to ferret them out and enforce their prompt return to their colors; Governor Clark has promised to and will assist you in any way he can in this reference, and it might probably be well to correspond with him on the subject and arrange some co-operative plan for the purpose of getting these men back to their commands.

I am, general, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department, &amp;c., Selma, Ala.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, a weekly report of engineer operations at this point. In accordance with telegraphic order, through Captain W. J. Morris, a similar report will be forwarded at the close of each week in future.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer Department of Ala., Miss., &c.

[Inclosure.]

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the week ending October 15, 1864.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, Ala., October 15, 1864.

FIRST DIVISION -CITY INTRENCHMENTS.

D. Finished repairs on traverses.

E. Bastions being thrown up.

F. Magazine is almost complete with the cavalier.

G. Bastions being thrown up and much earth thrown out for covered way.

