
through Lewisburg yesterday morning in direction of Columbia. My telegraph repaires, I expect, will open communication with Athens to-day. Line is found destroyed toa considerable extent. All quiet here. Will wire you news rapidly as received.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, October 4, 1864-1. 15 p. m.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Another of my scouts just in. General Croxton will arrive at Pleasant Grove to-night. He wishes instructions sent to him there with all necessary information. Another scout just in from Athens. Trains were within half a mile of the town; will be there to- night; small trestle now detaining them will be completd. General Buford suffered heavy loss at Athens, and retreated toward Florence in consfusion. Wounded at Sulphur Branch, with few exception, have been taken to Athens.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 4, 1864.

Major-General MILROY:

Latest information indicates that Forrest's forces have corssed the Tennessee and Alabasma Railroad and are making for the Tennessee River. General Rousseau has gone down the road.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, October 4, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

General Thomas say send word to General Croxton that the enemy under Buford, about 4,000 strong, after demanding surrender of Huntsville, moved up and attacked Athens and were handsomely repulsed. General Granger telegraphed that the enemy then left in the direction of Elk River, but does not say whether toward Elkton or the fords lower down on the road to Bainbridge. General Thomas also that General Croxton may look for the enemy in his front, or to the WEST of Farmington. That part of the force under Forrest himself is WEST of the Tennessee and Alabama road.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, October 4, 1864.

Major POLK:

Couriers from General Croxton arrived here at 7. 30 this morning, having left him somewhere near Lewisburg. I have sent him all the information I had. Forrest when last heard from was on the main road to Florence below Mount Pleasant.

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel.

