
FOURTH DIVISION-TORPEDO SERVICE.

Seventeen of Singer's torpedoes (thirty pounds each) anchored triangularly lengthwise of the channel of Burns Bayou, the lines commencing about 200 yards above its mouth on ten feet and a half water, and extending southward in from ten and a half to six and a half feet water, the beginning and end of the lines marked by small buoys. Most of the week has been employed in collecting and preparing material. Work during the week has been impeded by several accidents which happened to our transportation. The steam- boat C. S. M. was sunk in consequence of damages sustained from a collision with steamer Mary. Two of our steam pile-drivers and a flat had to be placed in the dry-dock, where they remained for five days awaiting repairs. They have, however, been ready for use since yesterday. The large flat Magnolia and another flat had to be grounded on account of their leaky condition. A large number of hands (about 1,250) having had to be discharged and another 100 to be lent to the quartermaster's department, some delay in the regular working of our force has been unavoidable.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.

GADSDEN, October 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, VA.:

Army of Tennessee reached here yesterday and left to-day for vicinity of Guntersville. Circumstances will determine when and where it will cross Tennessee River. The position of Sherman's army is not definitely known. His advance forces are eighteenth miles from Rome on road to Dalton.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CONFIDENTIAL AND IMPORTANT CIRCULAR. HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Gadsden, Ala., October 22, 1864.

The army will move from Gadsden to Bennettsville, thence to Cornelia, thence to Brooksville, thence to Red Hill, thence to Warrenton. The wagon trains will move with the army to Cornelia, from thence to Murfreesville, thence to Oleander, via Blountsville. Memorandum for information of General Beauregard.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Gadsden, Ala., October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood desires you will put your corps in motion to-day at 3 p. m., moving this evening as near Bennettsville as possible and to-morrow following Major-General Cheatham.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

