HEADQUARTERS,Gadsden, Ala., October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION:

General Hood desires to shift the cavalry of the army as follows: Major-General Wheeler will take from Iverson's right to your new right, or to the Tennessee, if necessary. You, with Armstrong's and Ross' brigades, will move without delay to the immediate rear of our army, and report to General Hood for instructions, and in future your right and General Wheeler's left will keep up communication with each other. I have just written General Wheeler to the same effect, and you will get into communication with him without delay, in order that this change may be carried out. In joining the army you will cross the Coosa either here or below here, swimming your animals and ferrying your trains. Ferguson's brigade will remain with General Wheeler.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Gadsden, Ala., October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c., Jacksonville, Ala.:

GENERAL: In order to save time, I desire you should attend as soon as possible to the following matters: Order Forrest and Roddey to enter as soon as practicable into communication, by letter or otherwise, with General Hood, at some point between Guntersville and Decatur, Ala., and to remain subject to his orders for the present. If necessary, General Hood will order General Jackson; s DIVISION to report to you meanwhile for the protection of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. You must call at once on the Governors of Alabama and MISSISSIPPI for all the assistance possible for the protection of those two roads, establishing garrisons at Corinth, Bear Creek bridge, and other important points on those roads, which should be strengthened, also, by the constructions of such block-houses and field-works as may be required. Major-General Smith will be further instructed on the subject. I desire to see you here with Major- General Smith as soon as practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 150. Jackson, October 22, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier-General Chalmers, commanding DIVISION, will prepare his entire command with rations sufficient to last until November 1, and move to-morrow morning to Hickory Flat (between Spring Creek and McLemoresville). He will report in person to the major-general in person for further instructions.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

