
[Indorsement.]

Captain GOODMAN:

CAPTAIN: Move the command at once as directed. Send wagons here for commissaries to November 1, and for the artillery ordnance for Hudson Battery. Both Rucker and Mabry have more wagons than necessary and must make up a supply train. Two wagons, my gray team, and Major Barnewall's wagon must answer for headquarters, and the remainder be used to supply the battalion.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 23, 1864. -For Vaughn to Johnston, in relation to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 850.]

[OCTOBER 23, 1864. -For Brent to Hood, conveying desire of General Beauregard in regard to an address to the citizens of Tennessee, see Part I, p. 798.]

SELMA, October 23, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Headquarters Army of Tennessee:

Your dispatch of 20th received. Railroad WEST has been destroyed. I have 5,000 troops between Tennessee River and Memphis. Advise me what quantity of supplies you will probably need at point named, so I may make adequate arrangements for transportation. Garrison already at Corinth and trains running east toward Tuscumbia. General Roddey will be instructed to co-operate with you.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,In the Field, October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c., Selma, Ala.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directs me to call your attention to the following points and instructions which he desires to be carried out:

First. The railroad from Jacksonville to Selma will be abandoned as a means of supplying the Army of Tennessee, the base having been transferred from Jacksonville to Tuscumbia. Henceforth the lines of communication for army supplies to that point will be the Mobile and Ohio and the Memphis and Charleston Railroads. These roads will be put forthwith in complete running order and be well supplies with rolling-stock.

Second. Block-houses and small field-works should be constructed at proper points on these roads for the protection of bridges and trestle-works. They should be large enough to hold one or more companies of infantry. Major-General Smith, chief engineer, has been directed to confer with you on the subject of field-works, &c. Negro prisoners as far as practicable should be employed on the block-houses and field-works.

