
creating diversions in his favor by threatening the enemy's communications, capturing Huntsville, or other expeditions as will, in your judgment, best accomplish that object and not remove you too far from the protection of North Alabama.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, Ala., October 23, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HIGGINS, Provisional Army, C. S.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 19th instant, withdrawing your application to be relived from duty at Mobile, having been forwarded by Major-General Maury, with the following indorsement-
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, October 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I think letter should have been addressed to main the form of an application for permission to withdraw the improper letter written tome by General Higgins September 18, 1864. As it contains no expression of regret on account of his course, but merely indicates a desire to resume his position in my command, it is proper for me to say to the lieutenant-general commanding that General Higgins left his station here by his own act when he believed an immediate attack was to be made upon the works under his command. He absented himself from this district without my authority, or that of any one else, so far as I know, and has been absent more than a month. Other officers of well approved conduct and experiences are now exercising the command and discharging the duties which had been instructed to him. I know of no interests of the service which admit of his return to this command. Those of discipline will be injured. In view of General Higgins' whole course, and of this letter, I would prefer that he should not now return to my command. The number of general officers is as great as required by the effective force.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

-the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that the interests of the service prevent him from returning you to duty within the limits of General Maury's command. The papers touching your case will be forwarded for the consideration of the war Department, to which you will meanwhile report in writing. Pending the action of the Department, you are requested to designate some point within the limits of the department at which you will prefer to await orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Morristown, October 24, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I would respectfully call your attention to the propriety of a proclamation being issued, in this immediate department, granting pardon to all East Tennesseeans in the Federal service who will abandon the Federal army lay down their arms, and return to their homes. There are hundreds of East Tennesseeans at home who are willing to quit the

