HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., October 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

No news from General Burnbridge. The didpatches sent should have reached him yesterday night. Our forces were skirmishing at and above Carter's Station day before yesterday.

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 4, 1864-9. 25 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio:

Brevet Major-General Hovey telegraphs the following from Indianapolis at 9. 50 p. m. the 2nd isntant:

Have just received a telegram informing me of an outbreak in Orange and Crawford Counties, two of the most inaccessible portions of State. Shall need horses to suppress it. Can I use the Government horses now here in that hands of the quartermaster? We must have some cavalry to enforce the draft. These is said to be about 500 men in Brownstown, Crawford County, robbing and resisting the draft.

The Secretary of War has directed that the above be sent you, and that you to at once to Indianapolis ant give proper orders. General Hovey has been told to report to you to for his orders in the case. Acknowldedge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, October 4, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

I am reliably informed that 18,000 stand of arms have been purchased in Canada by parties in Fort Wayne and Huntington for the purpose of resisting the draft in the tenth and eleventh distict. The arms are on board a fishing smack off Toledo. I a landing can be effected at Toledo they will be shipped by canal; if the landing can not be effected, they will try to land at Sandusky or Niagara Falls. I will endeavor to detect the parties at Fort Wayne and Huntington.

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General, Commadning.

OCTOBER 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel B. H. HILL,

Detroit, MIch.:

Make use of any force and charter any vessel you may think necessary to ascertain the truth of General Hovey's report, and, if true, to capture or destroy the arms and arrest the parties concerned.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy sent Colonel C. W. Hill, commanding Johnson's Island.)

