
Great excitement in Memphis. Forrest reported near the city. If this information is correct it will to relieve the central and lower portion of your district from the presence of the enemy, which the lieutenant-general commanding desires you to avail of and strengthen as much as possible your forces in the northern sub- district in order that Forrest may be supported, and such demonstrations kept up as will prevent the enemy from sending out any force from Memphis to annoy Hood's flank. General Hood has crossed the Tennessee River, at Gunter's Landing, and is marching into Middle Tennessee.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, October 24, 1864.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Alabama, &amp;c., Selma, Ala.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of engineer operations for the defense of Mobile, during the week ending October 22, 1864.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Department, &c.

[Inclosure.]

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the week ending October 22, 1864.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, October 23, 1864.

Colonel S. H. LOCKETT,

Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.:

FIRST DIVISION.

D. Before the discharge of the force the work was cleaned up and earth thrown about the culvert between this work and E.

G. Some of the prisoners have been employed on the bastions and chemin-de-ronde, which are progressing very well.

I and K. On the curtain, another portion of the same, negroes have been busy in opening the front ditch and have progressed so far as to provide drainage from I to K.

N. The others are employed on this work, which progresses well, working with barrows the glacis on bay-face because carts cannot be obtained. The bastions are being put in order and the chemin-de- ronde of sea-face built.

Platforms for the navy guns are being built; one is now ready for the gun and two others will be in a few days. Platforms in the other portions of the work are being laid as rapidly as possible. The prisoners work satisfactory.

Sappers and Miners. -Two platforms for front pintle chassis laid in Redoubt L, with pintle crosses and necessary irons complete, ready for guns to be mounted. Two platforms for front pintle chassis laid in

