HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Wytheville, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Palmer returns this afternoon, and I avail myself of the opportunity to send you a line. If possible drive the enemy back to Knoxville. I have no strong hopes of your being able to take that place, yet by some happy fortune such a result might occur. From the report of your strength when I was at Zollicoffer, and the information I get from -in regard to accessions, together with re requisitions for arms, your own command should number some 2,000 men, exclusive of Colonel Palmer's force, which must act as a co-operative force, retaining its entirely and organization. Colonel Palmer will take his orders from you. After all you must use your own discretion in operating against the enemy. I only mean to say that is is very desirable to push ten back if it can be done without getting into a trap. Please send me a return of your strength as soon as possible, and it if absolutely necessary for your ordnance officer to transact his business regularly with Captain Semple, chief of ordnance. I can't conceive what has become of his guns.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Nine miles from Somerville, Ala., October 25, 1864 -7 a. m.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the West:

army headquarters will be at Somerville today.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Somerville, Ala., October 25, 1864 -sunset.

Lieutenant -General LEE, Commanding Corps:

Your note reporting your headquarters just received. You will march in the morning, continuing to follow Stewart, who is camped here tonight. There is a point beyond here where you will turn off, and there a staff officer will be left to show you where to move. Stewart moves on the main road from here toward Decatur. General Hood says he wished you would send him the map you mention. I send courier with yours who will bring it. Stewart is, I think, too far ahead to interfere with your march.

[A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant -General.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, October 25, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

GOVERNOR; I have just received a communication from General Beauregard, on date 22nd instant, directing me to apply to you for such assistance as you may be able to furnish in protecting and garrisoning

