
the loss of the Memphis and Charleston and Mobile and Ohio Rail roads, with the view of enabling me to render all the aid I can to General Hood, who is moving to Middle Tennessee and will doubtless establish Tuscumbia as his base. As it occure to me that a general call for the militia so soon after their recent disbanding would prove a heavy burned to the State, I have the honor to request that the volunteers you are organizing may be turned over for the purpose above indicated to Major -General Gardner as rapidly as they are formed into battalions or companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant -General.

P. S. -Be pleased to let me hear from you on this subject at your earliest convenience.

BLUE MOUNTAIN, October 26, 1864.

(Received 28th.)

Lieutenant -General TAYLOR:

I left General Wheeler at 12 last night at Gadsden, where he had retreated before overwhelming force -infantry and cavalry. He reports Sherman with his main army on yesterday between Gardsen and Gaylesville, following him very closely. General Beauregard left on Monday for Hood's army.

S. D. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, October 26, 1864 (Via Corinth.)

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant -general commanding directs, under instructions from General Beauregard, that as soon as you have accomplished the objects of your present movement your course will be directed toward Middle Tennessee, where you will put yourself in communication with General Hood and be governed by his orders relative to future movements.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY DIVISION,October 26, 1864.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant -General, Jackson, Tenn.:

MAJOR: My present location is Ferguson's house, one mile east of McLemoresville road, and eight miles north of Springs Creek. Forage is scarce all through the country and the people are unwilling to sell; by requiring the tenth from each men we can subsist here one more day, but not larger. I have ordered back all of my wagons, except three to a regiment, as directed, but this will make foraging mire difficult still, as we have to send all around in a circle of five miles for corn. I do not know whether the plans for the major -general will carry him into the

