HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 27, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

General Stanley, with Fourth Army Corps, is moving toward Chattanooga. The Fifteenth Corps and Garrard's cavalry still in my front.

Schofield's troops at Cedar Bluff.

J. WHEELER,

Major -General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAV. DIVISION, Numbers 79. Cleburne's House, October 27, 1864.

I. Brigadier -General Ross will move with his brigade at 7 a. m. tomorrow on the Somerville road, followed immediately by his wagon train; one regiment to march in rear of his artillery.

II. Brigadier -General Armstrong will follow with his brigade immediately in rear of General Ross's wagon train, with one regiment in rear of his train.

III. Provost guards will march in rear of their respective brigades; quartermasters and ordnance officers to accompany their trains and see that they are well closed up. Brigade inspectors and forage masters will report to the DIVISION inspector at this place by 7 a. m.

By order of Brigadier -General Jackson:

E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant -General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, October 27, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant -General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant. Major Whitfield, assistant quartermaster, in charge of railroad transportation, was sent several days ago, with all the negro hands which could be withdrawn from Mobile and Demopolis, for the purpose of putting in order the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and Memphis and Charleston road in accordance with the wishes and instructions of the general commanding. Major -General Gardner has been directed to have a suitable block-house erected at Corinth and other important points on the line of railroad communication within his district. At the railroad crossing of Bear Creek General Roddey had better make the necessary defenses, and he being accessible to General Hood the proper orders may be given him directly by General H. One of my staff officers has been sent to North MISSISSIPPI and Alabama for the purpose of urging forward the work on the roads. In the construction of field-works, &amp;c., we must rely almost entirely upon the labor of captured negroes, as the section of country in which the work is to be done will afford very few hands, it being almost stripped of slaves. General Forrest has been instructed to place a suitable garrison at Corinth, and about 300 men now constitute the garrison. Brigadier -General Adams commands an important district in the department and cannot be spared from his present position without great detriment to the service. Tuscumbia until recently has been the headquarters of General Roddey. It is distant about fourteen miles

