
with these headquarters by telegraph or otherwise in advance of their arrival, in order that proper arrangements and dispositions may be made for their reception at points where necessary accommodations may be had.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant -General.

[OCTOBER 28, 1864. -For Vaughn to breckinridge, reporting engagement at Morristown, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 851.]

BULL'S GAP, October 28, 1864.

(Via Carter's Station 29th.)

Major JohnSON,

Assistant Adjutant -General:

Enemy have been strongly re-enforced -Eighth Ohio Cavalry, 800 strong, and Eighth Tennessee Infantry. Fear that I shall be forced to return to my old base at Carter's Station.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier -General.

BULL'S GAP, October 28, 1864.

(Via Carter's Station. Received Wytheville 29th.)

Major -General BRECKINRIDGE:

You had better send some artillery to Carter's Station, if you can, and re-enforcement or meet me. The enemy are pressing with all their force.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier -General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., October 28, 1864.

Major General John C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Dept of Western Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of the 23d, inclosing Captain Earenst's letter in regard to my command pressing horse, &c., came to hand last evening; also yours by Colonel Palmer reached me same time. I will rectify all the abuses that have been committed by my men in Captain Earnest's county, which is Greene County, one of the most disloyal counties in Tennessee. Mr. Earnest was elected a member of the last legislature from his county, and undertakes to hunt up and rectify every little abuse committed by our army. All shall be done that should be done, and I hope to be able to satisfy the parties. Some of General Duke's dismounted men took off some horses from there that I may not be able to return or pay for, but they belonged to men who are in the U. S. Army, or whose sons were all there or out bushwhacking or lying out.

I will make the effort to exchange with the U. S. authorities at Knoxville for your friends. I should like very much to drive the enemy back to Knoxville, as you suggest in your letter by Colonel Palmer, and shall watch my chance to do so. You have seen Colonel Palmer and

