
well as to secure at any time proper co-operation and concentration of forces to repel advances of the enemy, I have placed Major - General Gardner in command of all the troops in Mississippi, except in that portion embraced in the District of the Gulf and of East Louisiana. He is an efficient officer, through whose management I entertain great expectations of speedy reforms. Since the above was written I have received communications from the Department stating it will be necessary to use cotton warrants instead of making requisitions of cotton to pay for supplies as I had supposed would answer. If it be absolutely necessary to use the warrants, and the system of exchanges I have established meets with approval, I would respectfully ask that Major R. W. Sanders, quartermaster in charge of cotton exchange for army supplies, be promptly furnished with the necessary warrants, to be used under my immediate supervision and direction, in procuring army supplies. I have reason to believe if prompt settlements are made the warrants can be successfully used in obtaining large deliveries of important supplies.

I have the honor to be, must respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant -General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 169. Selma, October 28, 1864.

* * * * *

VIII. Colonel John C. Reid will proceed without delay to Corinth, Miss., and assume command of that post. He will collect and organize officers and soldiers returning to the Army of Tennessee, and send them on to such points as General Beauregard of General Hood may designate; establishing immediate communication with those officers to this end. Colonel Reid will select a competent officer, and send him on to Cherokee, to take charge of forwarding the returning troops from that point. Colonel Reid will remain in command at Corinth until relieved by an officer assigned by Major -General Gardner, when he will himself proceed to Cherokee, and assume command of the post, relieving the officer previously ordered there by himself. Reports of all matters of interest transpiring will be made to these headquarters, whole orders from General Beauregard or from General Hood touching the forwarding of the troops will be obeyed.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant -General Taylor:

E. SURGET,Lieutenant -Colonel and Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Two miles and a half from Decatur,

On the Danville Road, October 28, 1864.

Brigadier -General RODDEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your letter inclosing that of General Forrest of the 25th is just received. General Hood directs that you will communicate with Major -General Forrest, and inform him that General Hood desires to communicate

