
with him from the vicinity of Bainbridge Crossing, instead of from the points which General Hood indicated to Captain Parrish a few days since at Somerville.

[A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant -General.]

MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD OFFICE,

Corinth, Miss., October 28, 1864 -1 p. m.

Brigadier General P. D. RODDEY:

DEAR SIR: I am just in receipt of your letter and M. J. Warren's report of Memphis and Charleston Railroad, from Cherokee to Tuscumbia. In reply say it is impossible for me to form anything line an accurate estimate of time that it will take to put the road in running order. I can only say, with a sufficient force and all materials to hand, three quarters of a mile of track laying per day is good work. In order to accomplish the object, putting the track in running order as soon as possible, it is necessary to pur all the force possible to work getting crossties and timber; also a force should be organized to straighten iron, and gather spikes and charirs. When the ties are ready or a sufficient quantity ready track laying can commence; a force can precede tracklayers to clear off and surface road bed. Timber of any kind and most convenient to road and short hauling for cross-ties will answer; good heart pine or which oak must be obtained for bridges, cattle-guard, &amp;c. Daniel McIntosh has long experience in track laying and repairing, and will be a very baluable man. I will get him to pass over the road and see what is necessary to be done. The road between this and Cherokee requires constant employment of all the hands on it; they are now doing but little as they have an insufficiency of tools. I have none to furnish them and must rely upon the Government officials to furnish them. Shovels are mostly needed for the track repairers. I have applied to Major Whitfield, also to Major Thomason, for tools, &c. As yet have not received anything except two skillets and lids, and those from Major Whitfield. I have not yet drawn any rations for men on train, and learn today there are none at Cherokee. I have to board all at hotel. Major Thomason should immediately procure shovels, pickets, axes, broad-axes, cross-cut saws, adzes, chisels, augurs, squares, &c., so that all branches can be going on at same time, and expedite rebuilding road. Major Whilfield, at Meridian, telegraphed this evening to go there immediately and get another train to pur on road here. I will leave on first train Sunday morning; will return here soon as possible.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. J. ROSS,

Superintendent.

Major MASON:

MAJOR: I send this letter from the superintendent of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad for your consideration. Major Thomason, my quartermaster, telegraphed me on the 28th that he was on his way from Meridian with tools. Did not say, but I presume he got all that were needed.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier -General.

