
Light Artillery in the District of the Gulf, Major Henry C. Semple commanding, October 28, 1864.

Abbay's (MISSISSIPPI) battery. Captain George F. Abbay.

Charpentier's battery, Captain Stephen Charpentier.

Clanton's (Alabama) battery, Captain N. H. Clanton.

Culpeper's battery, --.

Jackson (Missouri) battery, Captain S.

Saint Louis (Mo.) battery, Lowe.

Tobin's (Tennessee) battery, --.

Winston's (Tennessee) battery, Captain William C. William C. Winston.

[OCTOBER 29, 1864. -For Johnston to Breckinridge and Echols, in relation to Vaughn's operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 847.]

SALEM, October 29, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant -General, Wytheville:

Send me any particulars you get to Vaughn's reverse. Let General Duke and Major Page be prepared to move. Direct no more furloughs at present among reserves, or others. General Vaughn must retain Colonel Palmer for the present. Send no telegrams [to] General Lee and allow no alarm.

JNO C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Courtland, October 29, 1864.

Major -General CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will continue marching tomorrow, following Stewart's corps, which camp tonight some three miles from here, and is ordered in the morning to march in the direction of Bainbridge Crossing, on the Tennessee, via Leighton Post-Office, which is on the main road from here to Tuscumbia.

[A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant -General.]

OCTOBER [29, 1864].

Lieutenant -General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that instead of your moving directly to Courtland as previously ordered you will move to Leighton Post-Office, about ten miles from Courtland in the direction of Tuscumbia on the main road between the two places. General Hood desires, if possible, that you move by some road to the left of the main Decatur, Courtland, and Tuscumbia road, as we shall need that for the remainder of the army.

[A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant -General.]

55 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

