
understanding from me that it was to have effect only while General Chalmers remained in that portion of the State, and under the further direction that he was to be promptly subject to your orders at any time that you might require him. He has since come and will remain under your immediate command. You may rely, general, that it is not my wish or intention to take from you any portion of your troops, as organized when I assumed command of the department, and that the moment the situation in MISSISSIPPI will permit I shall relieve McCulloch at Mobile by Mabry and send him to you. With regard to WEST Tennessee I desire you while operating on that portion of the department to assume general command of it as well as of your troops in the field. Instructions have been sent to Major Dameron, chief commissary for Mississippi, to make every effort to furnish salt to exchange for supplies in the manner you suggest, and if it can be procured it will be sent at once to Corinth. The garrison left by you at this last-named point has been ordered to be relieved and will rejoin you at an early day. I have seen Mr. Street and will assist him in every way I can. He leaves tomorrow for Mobile to procure the blacksmiths. I approve your action suspending the work on the telegraph line.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant -General.

[OCTOBER 30, 1864. -For Vaughn to Johnston, or relation to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 851.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tuscumbia, Ala., October 30, 1864.

General John B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Beauregard desires that you will forward him for the information of the War Department a brief summary of the operations of your army from the date of its departure from Jonesborough, Ga., to the present time; also a concise statement of your plans for future operations, intended for the same office.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO, WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tuscumbia, Ala., October 30, 1864.

Major -General CORB:

Instead of moving directly against the works at Atlanta I suggest that you move from Newman against the railroad between the Chattahoochee and Etowah, if the necessary transportation can be obtained.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

(Same to General Smith.)

