
SELMA, ALA., October 30, 1864.

(Received 31st.)

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Please send orders establishing Alabama and Georgia State line as eastern boundary of my department, according to the verbal instructions received by me from the President.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant -General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tuscumbia, Ala., October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR:

I am here, and need at once twenty days' supply of breadstuffs and salt, with some forage for the supply train animals, which will have to go to Cherokee for these supplies. Please give me all the assistance you can in obtaining them. I am very much obliged for the aid you have hitherto extended to this army. Can't the cars on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad run directly to Cherokee so as to avoid reshipment at Corinth?

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Paris Landing, October 30, 1864.

[General J. R. CHALMERS:]

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 4. 30 p. m. has just reached me. Allow me to congratulate you on you success. Save everything you can from the boats, and keep the boats if you think they can be fixed up so as to cross in them. Burn nothing unless you are compelled to do so; save all the blankets and shoes, as we will need them for Colonel McCulloch's brigade and Mabry's brigade. If you want the other battery send for it. I will keep Mabry's brigade her unless you should need them; if so, order them down. Send a regiment up the river in the morning as far as Johnsonville, with orders to conscript everything, and to remain three days, keeping you fully posted. I will come down in the morning if you wish me to do so. We must be prompt. General Hood has Decatur surrounded, with General Roddey on the north side of the river.

N. B. FORREST,

Major -General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Asst. Adjt. General, of Ala., Miss., and East La., Selma, Ala.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a letter from Brigadier -General Brandon, commanding reserves, of the 22nd instant, inclosed from department headquarters, for a report from myself, and respectfully submit the following:

Captain Moore's company was ordered from Aberdeen to Meridian in accordance with telegraph from department headquarters, dated October 15. General Brandon states that -

Captain Moore's company belongs to the reserve forces of the State of Mississippi. It is one of these companies authorized to be raised as a supporting force to the Bureau of Conscription.

