HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 2, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

Best information from all sources places enemy as follows: Blair's (Seventeenth) corps and Logan's (Fifteenth) corps, with Kilpatrick cavalry, marching toward Marietta; Schofield's corps and Garrard's cavalry marching toward Chattanooga; Stanley's corps probably at Chattanooga; Slocum's (Twentieth) corps at Atlanta; Fourteenth Army Corps, under Davis, went to Rome, destination not yet determined. Prisoners and scouts now say sherman will march to Savannah via Augusta.

J. WHEELER,

Major -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 2, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WITHERSPOON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Corinth, Miss.:

Report with regiment to your command at this place at once, bringing forward all men at Corinth belonging to this army either armed or unarmed.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

LOVEJOY'S STATION, November 2, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant -General:

COLONEL:

* * * * * *

When I reached here on the 31st I found Brigadier General F. H. Robertson, commanding William's cavalry, to whom I delivered the dispatch of General Beauregard, ordering him to report with his command to General Wheeler. Going with General Smith to General Iverson's headquarters at Jonesborough I had a full conference with Generals Smith, Iverson, and Robertson, which resulted in my directing General Robertson to join General Wheeler as ordered by General Beauregard, but in doing so he was to take the reliable portion of his command, consisting of about 1,200 men, across the Chattahoochee, north of Atlanta, then cutting the railroad between Atlanta and Etowah as suggested by General Hood, to unite with the balance of his command, who were to cross the Chattahoochee near Campbellton, and then to proceed to General Wheeler. This programme was fully understood and agreed upon, but after returning to this place I was informed, by General Robertson that he declined to carry our these directions, and that he should proceed directly to General Wheeler without rendering any aid to our movement with his command. I have been thus particular in this recital because the effect of General Robertson's course was to prevent a movement to which I attached great importance, as I intended in connection with it to make a simultaneous demonstration upon Atlanta with a portion of General Iverson's command, and entertained a strong hope that we would impress the enemy with the formidable character of our movement and thereby effect to a great extent the object had in view of

