
under the present system there is no way by which they can be reached. I feel that I occupy a false position before the Department at Richmond, before my commanding general, and before the army itself. I propose, as the only proper plan for the systematic working of this department, that an order be issued placing corps, DIVISION, and brigade inspectors under the control of the inspector general of the army, and that they be made to look to him as their proper legitimate head; that his orders take precedence over all others, and that he be authorized and empowered to arrest and prefer charges against any inspector who fails to comply promptly with his orders. If this is done there can be no conflict of authority. The system of inspection throughout the army can be perfected, and officers of all grades made to perform their legitimate duties. I do not propose to make any alterations so far as changing inspectors from one command to another is concerned. I ask only what is essential, authority to organize the department and exercise unlimited control (of course with the consent of the commanding general) over all subordinate inspectors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864.

Major -general CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will cook tomorrow morning three days' bread from day after tomorrow morning, and that tomorrow evening you will move your command to the river and go into camp on this side, just opposite to Florence. The army will resume its march on Saturday morning next.

[JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.]
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864 -7. 30 p. m.

Major -General CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will not move tomorrow, evening, as previously directed; that, instead of cooking three days' rations, as ordered, you will have two days' rations cooked and kept on hand till further orders. The wagons will be sent out for forage, as ordered.

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864.

Lieutenant -General LEE, Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will cool tomorrow three days' bread from day after tomorrow morning, and during tomorrow you will cross all your wagons and artillery over to Florence. The army will move to Saturday morning next.

[JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.]

56 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

