
in keeping their communication constantly cut between Atlanta and Chattanooga. The courier line seems to be slow and uncertain. In future send your dispatches to Oxford and have them telegraph to this point.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864.

Brigadier -General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry;

General Hood directs me to acknowledge receipt of communication from General Ross, in which it is reported that the enemy is concentrating a force at decatur, &amp;c. The general commanding directs that you employ your best scouts, so as to give accurate information as to movements of the enemy -the force at Decatur -and the direction in which it is moving. Ascertain if Sherman is at Decatur.

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864.

Brigadier -General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood desires that tomorrow evening you will cross Armstrong's brigade over the river at Florence, and that you will report here tomorrow in person for orders.

[JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,November 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major -general commanding to say that his headquarters tonight are at Mr. Sykes', two miles from where you are, on the Camden road. General Buford is tonight at Squire Farmer's, where you camped last night and asked for the horses to assist in getting thorough the bottom. If Lieutenant Shelton has not already sent the horses order him to have them at Farmer's by daylight. He also directs that you will move your command out to the river in the morning, except every fourth man to hold horses. You will have your ambulances and surgeons to move with you in the morning and place them on the road leading across from Reynoldsburg to Colonel Mabry's command; your horses you will send back to the wagon train. You will have the ford near your quarters down so that General Buford can send his artillery across it; you will leave a man there with twenty negroes from your DIVISION to cut down and fix the road there so that artillery; ambulances,

