
&amp;c., can cross. Will dismount General Buford's command as soon as it arrives, and send if in to take position on your left. Morton's battery will take position in front of Johnsonville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.

P. S. -The general says you will endeavor to have the fortifications ready for Morton's battery as directed by him this evening.

Respectfully, &c.,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.

Monthly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the month of October, 1864.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, November 3, 1864.

FIRST DIVISION.

A, B, and C. Repairs have been completed.

D. Magazine has been covered and traversed repaired.

D. Bastions have been thrown up. Flanks extended.

F. Magazine and cavalier completed, except revetment for latter.

G. Bastions and chemin -de -ronde nearly completed.

I. Is nearly completed. Delayed by want of lumber.

M. In consequence of the effect of the rains on the soil of which this work is composed the slopes have been sodded.

N. Is in fair condition; its front bastion completed; the chemin - de -ronde on east face finished; the piling necessary for supporting the WEST salient scarp complete. The entire parapet of the main work has been almost completed and the various platforms are ready. The bomb -proof gallery communicating with the magazine and bomb-proof has been built and is being covered with earth. The covered way on east face has been strengthened.

The curtain between I and K has been partially built. In this work we have been greatly retarded by the abundance of water in the ditches; but since the Guericke pump has been working good progress has been made. This pump with a 5-inch cylinder throws a volume of near 1,000 gallons per minute. As is has no valves it is not injured or obstructed by the sand and mud passing through it.

The curtain from K to redan east has been thrown up but nor finished.

The curtain from M to N is completed.

During the past month the working force has been so greatly diminished that work has been suspended on many of the works in progress during the preceding month.

SECOND DIVISION.

CONWAY BAYOU. -Five rown of piles have been ordered to be planted in the rear of the four rows already planted in 1862. Three of these five rows have been planted and cut to the lower water level.

