
SECOND DIVISION.

Conway Bayou. -Two rows of piling have to be planted; scuttles to be opened on the exposed side of the ship Danube, when she will be raised and placed at the Spanish River gap in the upper line of obstructions, ready to be sunk when ordered.

McIntosh. -Extension of bomb-proof of be continued, gallery erected, and platform placed for 11-inch banded gun on top of the bomb-proof.

Octagonal battery to be reconstructed on the first plan.

Gladden. -To be protected from boat attacks by the continuation of the piling. Wharf of the completed.

Iron square battery. -To be armed; sand to be placed under the shield; small wharf to be finished.

Telegraph mast to be erected on left bank of Mobile River.

Hitchcock's press. -Engine to be completed; boiler to be mounted. The spar of torpedo-boat to make, and the connection of the engines to boiler.

THIRD DIVISION.

Huger. -The new powder magazines will be completed; the parapet will be raised and strengthened.

Tracy. -Although by no means in a highly satisfactory condition must for the present remain as it is.

Obstructions in Blakely and Appalachee Rivers will be continued.

Spanish Fort and Blakely. -The sickly season over, a working force will again be sent to these two important points. I beg leave to refer to the accompanying report setting forth the amount of labor necessary at each point.

FOURTH DIVISION.

The manufacture and planting of torpedoes will be continued.

Respectfully submitted.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant -Colonel and Chief Engineer District of the Gulf.

WYTHEVILLE, VA., November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN, Carters' Station:

Duke start today with 550 men. He will probably reach Bristol Sunday evening. Captain Lynch, with his company and four guns, goes by rail tomorrow. I could not get transportation sooner. Telegraph me fully this evening. Resist an advance as strongly as possible, and look out for protection of transportation, gathering supplies, &amp;c.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 4, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant -General:

I have just received your letter of this morning, inclosing a copy of your telegram of yesterday to Major -General Forrest. * It is not possible

---------------

* See Part I, p. 800.

---------------

