
broken down and that could not move. No horses being in reserve, they have put 240 mules received from Prexton in the gun carriages in place of horses; the remainder will, I suppose, be taken from the different wagon trains unless it is determined to leave some of the artillery at this point. Many of the horses not condemned are so poor and weak that I fear " unless the weather and roads are very favorable" we will have to leave some of our guns in Tennessee, if our raid is unsuccessful and we be forced to come back humbly. I will start to the rear tomorrow about 450 animals to be recruited or swapped off for fresh animals. The baggage train to be hauled off by mules until for campaign service will be sent toward Aberdeen, Miss., where the animals can be fed and recruited; many of these will be lost to the service for a long time. I thin we may safety say that 1,500 animals have been utterly used up on this march, and the number will be doubled if we make as hurried a trip into Tennessee as it is expected we will. I have sent Russell and Berry down to exchange these unserviceable animals for fresh animals, paying the difference in money which has been furnished to me by Major Ayer. He will also furnish me money to purchase in Tennessee should we find any animals there. This is about all that we can do General Hood has not yet made up his mind that it is better to dismount certain officers riding public horse, although urged to do so by Major Ayer and myself. We have gotten no benefit from any of the many captured horses and mules captured since the campaign commenced. I think fully 100 horses and many mules and wagons have been captured; as far as I have heard none have been turned over. General Hood steadily refuses to let us have anything to do with them, and nobody else takes any interest about it. Many of the horses are being constantly sold and traded off by parties capturing them. I think the proof can be had on this point.

* * * * E. H. EWING,

Major and Inspector Field Transportation, Army of Tennessee.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE INSPECTOR -GENERAL OF TRANSPORTATION,

November 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster -General for his information, remarking that this, in connection with facts and predictions contained in a report I had the honor to make on 29th October, should prepare us for the possible total loss for all useful purposes of the magnificent equipment of field transportation with which the Army of Tennessee started on its recent campaigns.

A. H. COLE,

Major and Inspector -General, Transportation.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER -GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to honorable Secretary of War as an evidence of the manner in which our stock of horses is being destroyed.

This officers is one of ability, and is especially assigned to the duty of inspecting and reporting upon field transportation.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster -General.

