
remember that it is important to keep his communication cut to keep him form accumulating supplies at Atlanta, and to prevent him from re-enforcing in Tennessee from Atlanta. Let me hear from you often and by telegraph.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

TUSCUMBIA, November 6, 1864.

Major -General WHEELER:

Your dispatch of November 4 from Blue Mountain received, and your disposition of your command therein mentioned is approved. Concentrate all your forces to oppose in every possible manner any southerly advance the enemy may make. Be sure that his communications are damaged in every way possible, communicating frequently and fully with me by telegraph, sending your couriers to the nearest telegraph stations.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

Latest information reports position of enemy as follows: Blair's and Logan's corps, with Kilpatrick cavalry, under Howard, near Marietta. Schofield's corps, with Garrard's cavalry, marching toward Chattanooga; Stanley's corps went to Chattanooga a week since; Slocum's corps at Atlanta.

J. WHEELER,

Major -General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL ALABAMA,Talladega, November 6, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Jacksonville, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the favor of being placed in possession of information as to enemy's movements contained in your note of 3rd instant. It would seem that a large portion of their force was moved back toward Atlanta. They may possibly design moving in the direction of Montgomery by the WEST Point and Montgomery road. As the force at my command in this district is now, all, or nearly all, with the army I would be greatly obliged if you would continue to keep me advised of their movements. In the event of an advance upon this or the WEST Point and Montgomery Railroad, I hope you will intercept the movement with the force at your command. Have you learned anything of the condition of affairs at Atlanta?

Very respectfully, general,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier -General.

