
solicitation on my part. I was glad it was done, for I found we could not co-operate, but in good faith to General Sparrow I had determined to bear it as long as I could.

When I came here I found 420 men for duty. I have now (taking away Scott's regiment) 1,100. The men are in their camps and stay there, and even if I am no confirmed I shall have the satisfaction of knowing that I have done some good here -have put down violence and outrage upon the people, and have gotten 600 men out of the swamps who were useless before. I hope to do still more, but you cannot form a conception of the demoralization existing everywhere in regard to trading in cotton. I have had a terrible fight, but I have succeeded in putting it down almost entirely; but I am looked upon as the common enemy of every age, sex, and condition. You could not credit it were I to attempts to describe to you the universal desire to engage in the trade. I have seized since I have been in command nearly 1,000 bales in small lots of two and three bales attempting to pass the lines, and turned it over to the district commissioners. So you see I am not popular. The officers, however, have coma promptly up, and even those who dislike me confess that I make the men behave and enforce discipline. My only ambition is to fulfill the expectations of the President.

My life is a very linely one. The only intimate friends I have are at Woodsville, but I find Liberty the most central point, and therefore must keep headquarters there, and by the time I make a weekly round of my camps and keep up the office business of the troops here (the reserves of Louisiana and the conscripts of Louisiana and MISSISSIPPI) I have no time for visiting. Hugh Davis, sr., comes down now and then to see me, and has just left after staying with five days. Present my kindest respects to the President, Mrs. Davis, and your wife, as also to General Sparrow. Love to Jilson, and ask why he does not write.

Your friend, ever,

GEO. B. HODGE.

ORDERS, CARTER'S STATION, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant -Colonel Alston will assume command of the dismounted men of Duke's Giltner's, and Provisional brigades and the two engineer companies now at this place, and will conduct them to Jonesborough this evening, where he will report to Brigadier - General Duke. He will see that the men are furnished with three days' rations, and will report in person to the major -general commanding for further instructions.

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant -General.

CARTER'S DEPOT, November 8, 1864.

Brigadier -General VAUGHN:

I am directed by General Breckinridge to say to you that instead of moving your command so as to reach Jonesborough tomorrow at sundown, you will make as early a start in the morning as practicable, and will endeavor to reach that point as soon as you conveniently can.

Very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant -General.

