
TUSCUMBIA, November 8, 1864.

(Via Mobile. Received 12th.)

General S. COOPER:

General Forrest reports on 5th instant that he was engaged fighting enemy at Johnsonville, having already destroyed 4 gun-boats of eight guns each, 14 steamers and 20 barges, with large quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores, on landing and in warehouse, estimated at 75,000 to 120,000 tons. Six gun-boats were then approaching, which he hoped to capture or destroy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 8, 1864 -9. 30 a. m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the West:

I respectfully request that the work of repairing the railroad to Cherokee Station be now discontinued, and that the labor thus employed be put to work in repairing the road from Corinth to Purdy, which is in the direction of Jackson, Tenn., also discontinued the work from Cherokee to Tuscumbia. Purdy would, I think, be the most convenient point from which to draw our supplied during the movement contemplated. I respectfully request also that good scouts be kept constantly near Memphis to give timely notice of the collection of any force at that point or any movement from it.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

NOVEMBER 8, 1864 -10 a. m.

Major -General CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will move your corps today down to the river opposite Florence, and if you have time and the bridge should be in condition, cross the river this evening and go into camp on the Waynesborough road a mile or two out from Florence. Move to the river anyhow, whether you can cross or not, leaving behind, of course, the wagons that will not go with the troops on this campaign.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant -General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 8, 1864 -4. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant -General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will not change the camps your troops at present occupy unless otherwise directed; that you send wagons out tomorrow to gather forage.

JAS. COOPER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.

