HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, [November 8, 1864]-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you will not move your corps till further orders. He also directs that you will not commence to build the bridge over Shoal Creek until further orders.

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, November 8, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Blue Mountain and Courier-Line:

It is important that you should leave with General Iverson a sufficient number of wagons to keep him supplied with forage.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, November 8, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 3rd and 4th instant, for which be pleased to accept my thanks. It is very necessary that I should be kept posted as to your movements in the present crisis of affairs, and will be glad if you will advise me of the nature of your present orders and of any change that may hereafter be made therein; also from time to time of your movements and those of the enemy.

I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL ALABAMA,Talladega, November 8, 1864.

Captain A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of your communications of the 6th instant in reference to the reserves that were with Brigadier- General Clanton. They consist of eight companies of cavalry under command of Major Hardie. Under General Hood's or Beauregard's orders they moved off with General Clanton's brigade and the Army of Tennessee. Since then, under General Withers' orders, they have reported to me. This force of eight companies, about 400 men and four companies of the supporting force, 237 men, is all the force I have at my command to guard the front and railroads, and I do not think any portion of it can be spared. I have already ordered one company of the THIRD Regiment, infantry reserves, ordered to rendezvous at Selma, to report to the commanding officer at Cahaba for guard duty, and I presume this will answer the

