
purpose. I have also applied to the Governor of the State for two companies of militia for guard duty at Cahaba. Advise me if the lieutenant-general commanding desires the cavalry reserves sent from here.

Very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., November 8, 1864.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma:

CAPTAIN: I inclose two communications from Major Whitfield. The train I turned back at this place for transportation of negroes and pontoons was unable to pull the entire load. I shipped on same morning by passenger train one car of tools, which I presume are those referred to in his letter and which escaped his attention because of their being on different train. I have adopted the precaution of telegraphing to ascertain positively whether or not they were the tools desired. Transportation is now working well on both roads. Colonel Tate went up on yesterday, and if you can have about 200 of General Smith's negroes turned over to Major Whitfield I think he will have cars running to Tuscumbia in a very short time.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. M. WILLIAMS,

Captain, Asst. Quartermaster, on Railroad and Transportation Duty.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] OKOLONA, MISS., November 6, 1864.

Captain C. M. WILLIAMS,

Meridian, Miss.:

SIR: I regret my being unable to come on to-day to see Colonel Tate. Please see him and explain to him why I did not meet him at Meridian. Say to him that we need the Jackson and Ross badly. I expected to have gotten negroes out of the lot that went up the road to-day for work on his road, but the officer in charge of them said they were to work on fortifications at Corinth. Telegraphed to Noble, at Montgomery, to send forward immediately the tools to General Roddey's quartermaster for the building of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Tell Colonel Tate to come up as soon as possible. You must stay on the line of the Mobile road and hurry froward stores, particularly commissary stores, from Mobile, Meridian, Columbus, and Macon. Tell Colonel Tate I can only take a general supervision of repairs, and that I have telegraphed Young to send a quartermaster to keep all money and property accounts. If we can get Sanders and his force we can rebuild his road rapidly. We are losing daylight by not being at work. Colonel Burtwell, of General Roddey's command, is [at] work on his road, but not much has been done. If necessary travel up and down the road and allow no stores to lay on the road, particularly commissary stores. Communicate by letter and telegraph with Hosford, at WEST Point, about any transportation matters. I inclose a letter for Captain Bullock. Send it to him immediately.

WHITFIELD.

