
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CORINTH, MISS., November 6, 1864.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Selma, Ala.:

SIR: The Mobile road is in tolerably safe order to Corinth; Memphis and Charleston road about the same to Cherokee. If I had the hands could soon have the cars running to Tuscumbia. I ordered tools from Major Noble, at Montgomery, but they have not come to Corinth yet. No stores have accumulated at any point so far, and additional orders were given Friday for commissary stores to come from Mobile, and I at once sent cars there for them. The passenger trains have been put to hauling freight. Taking into consideration the short notice we had and the amount of stores we have transported I think we have done well with the roads in such bad condition. I leave for Corinth in the morning, and will endeavor to get the bridge force from General Hood's army, but fear I will fail. Will write and telegraph as often as occasion may require.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. WHITFIELD,

Major and Quartermaster.

LEESBURG, November 9, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General DUKE:

General B[reckinridge] directs that you will move your command so as to reach Rheatown early in the morning, and that you will dispatch a courier to General Vaughn and direct him in General B[reckinrige]'s name to do the same. You will not engage the enemy, but will endeavor to concentrate your force until all the re- enforcements come up. The infantry and artillery will be brought up as soon as practicable in the morning and the general will join you at Rheatown early.

[J. L. SANDFORD.]

SIX MILES AND A HALF FROM RHEATOWN,

November 9, 1864-9 p. m.

[Brigadier General B. W. DUKE:]

General B[reckinridge] thinks it probable that the enemy will attack you in your position or General V[aughn] in his in the morning, and he directs that you throw your pickets and scouts well forward and keep your command prepared for any emergency. There are no couriers [to] report to him, and he requests that you will dispatch one to General V[aughn]. Give him the information as above, and notify him of the position of the enemy, &amp;c.

[J. L. SANDFORD.]

TUSCUMBIA, November 9, 1864.

(Via Meridian 10th. Received 11th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Movement into Middle Tennessee is still delayed by want of supplies, bad weather, and impassable roads. Last reports from Wheeler state

