
than the opposite one, to give greater command over the approaches to the point of crossing, which should be in a re-entering of the river, if practicable, in order that our batteries may have a cross-five on those approaches. I send you herewith the sketch* of a detached floating boom, armed with a torpedo, to prevent the enemy's gun-boats from passing our batteries at night. Torpedoes should be anchored also in the open spaces between the booms, say one to each space. These booms, triangular in shape, about forty feet in length, by about twenty feet base, should be made of five longitudinal pieces and five or six cross ones, strongly halved into and on top of the former. The booms should be anchored across the stream about forty feet a Part from center to center; a second row, breaking openings with the first, should be anchored about 100 feet below the first row; then if the channel at high water be 800 feet broach each row would contain twenty booms and forty torpedoes. The torpedoes should be about six feet below the surface of the water at all stages of the river. The booms should be firmly anchored, with the apex of the triangle upstream. I do not object to a proper modification of the above plan of boom.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tupelo, January 19, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Taylor for his information in regard to arrangements for defense of the Alabama and Tombigbee Rivers.

Colonel Lockett is supposed to have the sketch referred to.

By command of General Beauregard:

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of Central Alabama:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to state to you as follows: He has requested General Wheeler to direct General Clanton, who has Armistead's brigade with him, to report to you. With this force holding positions with the reserves, you will endeavor to harass the enemy, as far as practicable, on the railroad north of Atlanta. Opelika should be garrisoned as far as your means allow, as it is exposed to raids, and the enemy will doubtless attempt to cut off communication eastward.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

