
Page's Battalion Artillery.

Major RICHARD C. M. Page .

Barr's (Virginia) battery, Captain John W. Barr.

Burroughs' (Tennessee) battery, Captain William H. Burroughs.

Lynch's (Tennessee) battery, Captain J. Peyton Lynch.

TUSCUMBIA, [November 10, 1864.]

(Via Meridian.)

General S. COOPER:

I deem it highly important that General E. K. Smith be ordered to Taylor's department will all his available force from the trans- Mississippi. He will secure Hood's rear and be ready as a supporting force elsewhere, if needed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, November 10, 1864.

(Via Barnesville.)

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

Information conflicting. The enemy have sent troops to Atlanta, and also from there. The general impression is that he is preparing to evacuate. Inverson's cavalry demonstrating all the time upon the place at different points; thinks enemy weaker in Atlanta than two days ago.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

For the information of General J. B. Hood, commanding, &amp;c.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tuscumbia, November 10, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard instructs me to say that he desires you would instruct Generals Wheeler and Roddey to furnish as early as practicable the number of scouts they have employed, where operating, how employed, organized, and supplied with provisions, how often they report, and whether under the charge of a special officer. He desires that all independent scouts shall forthwith report to some responsible officer, and that all scouts operating in rear of the front line of the army, cavalry included, s hall at once report to their proper commands, as only regularly organized companies should be kept in the rear of such lines to collect information and maintain order. They should be supplied with rations and forage in some legitimate way to prevent depredations on private property. The system of roving or independent scouts he regards as detrimental, and should be abandoned.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

