
IV. A provisional battalion of all detachments which report under circular, October 4, of Major-General Slocum, commanding Defenses of Atlanta, will be organized under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel Meumann, THIRD Missouri Infantry Volunteers. Lieutenant- Colonel Meumann will use as far practicable in organizing this battalion officers with detachments, and report to these headquraters for such further detail of officers as are necessary for his command. Lieutenant-Colonel Meumann will report to Colonel Carman, commanding Second Brigade, who will place the convalescents in the white stone house on the right of the Marietta road, and dispose of the residue of this battalion in that vicinity. Requisitions for the necessary arms and accouterments and tents will be made by Lieutenant-Colonel Meumann upon the proper department officers of the First DIVISION, Twentieth Corps. Detailrs for working parties will be made from this battalion, except the convalescents.

V. In case of alarm the First and THIRD Brigades, left in present camps, will form at once and be hdld in reserve, awaiting orders, unless the attack should be in our immediate front. Small guards will be left at present camps of regiments detached.

VI. The utmost vigilance is expected on the part of officers and men, and a rigid economy in the use of rations and forage will enforced during the present uncertain state of affairs. All animals should be grazed every day outside the works.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURNT HICKORY AND MARIETTA ROAD, October 5, 1864.

Gereral W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army:

My scouts report an infantry column of rebels moving on this road. I will hold them in check until the infantry comes up. A woman says the rebels were moving in direction of Burnt Hickory, but my scouts represent that they have since turned this way. I am at line of works near Hardshell (or Golgotha) Church, and can hold them some time.

Respectfully,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Marietta, October 5, 1864.

General ELLIOTT:

Order Kilpatrick to Howard's left, to report to Howard. Dispatch Garrard to-night to Allatoona, making a circuit to the right, and to learn if possible the state of affairs there. I think the place was assaulted to-day, but repulsed. The day was so hazy we could get but few messages. Corse is there with his DIVISION.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

