
from department headquarters to take command. I would respectfully suggest that one regiment of infantry reserves, with about 200 cavalry and one field battery, be designated for the permanent garrison of this post.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Florence, Ala., November 12, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram of the 7th received to-day. When Sherman moved out of Atlanta he came with five corps and kept them united until I moved from Gadsden in this point, intrenching himself wherever he halted. It was only after I reached this point that he divided this force. After my descent upon the railroad and Dalton I did not regard this army in proper condition for a pitched battle. It is now in excellent spirits and confident. Before leaving Gadsden I urged on General Beauregard to send General Forrest across the Tennessee River; this he ordered, and I intended when leaving Gadsden to cross the river at or near Gunter's Landing. Finding, however, when I reached that vicinity, that Forrest had not crossed, I could not without his co-operation pass the river there, as I required Wheeler to look after my right flank. Forrest has not yet crossed over, but is moving up on this side of the river and will join me here. This circumstance, high water, and the fact that I had to draw supplies from and through a department not under my command, involving delay in their reaching me, have retarded my operations. As soon as Forrest joins me, which will be in a few days, I shall be able to move forward. Without the assistance of Forrest's cavalry I cannot secure my wagon trains when across the river. You may rely upon my striking the enemy wherever a suitable opportunity presents, and that I will spare no efforts to make that opportunity.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tuscumbia, Ala., November 12, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date,* relative to the review of Stewart's corps, General Beauregard directs me to say that review was designed by him as an informal one. As he passed yesterday the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Stewart, on his way to Prospect Hill, he expressed to General Stewart a desire to review his corps, provided the weather and the condition of the ground would permit, and he in the mean time received no orders from you interfering therewith, of which he was to inform General Beauregard this morning about 9 o'clock. General Stewart's notice reached General Beauregard about 9. 30 this morning, and he took it for granted that General Stewart had informed you of the fact. With regard to your opinion as to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

58 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

