HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Corinth, November 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR:

GENERAL: In a few days I will forward you a report of my recent operations on the Tennessee River, together with a report of my expedition to Memphis. These two documents will, I presume, for the present terminate my official connection with you, an event which I deeply deplore. Our intercourse has not been of long duration, but to me it has been most pleasant and agreeable, certainly of such a character as to render our separation a source of regret, but duty calls me elsewhere. I go to share in the toils and, I trust, in the victories of other fields, but in leaving you I shall carry with me a sincere friendship made so by your kindness and official courtesy. I congratulate you on leaving that so much of the territory under your jurisdiction has been rescued from the grasp of the invader. Twelve months ago I entered your department and found the people groaning under the most cruel and merciless oppression. They were despondent and traitors exultant. I leave the department in security and the people hopeful. The unprincipled, uncivilized, and destroying foe has been driven to other fields where the strong arms of patriots are still striving to chastise his atrocities. I know not how long we are to labor for that independence for which we have thus far struggled in vain, but this I do know that I will never weary in defending our cause, which must ultimately triumph. Faith is the duty of the hour. We will succeed. We have only to "work and wait. " Be assured, my dear general, that whenever I may go, I shall deeply sympathize in all that concerns your interest and always exult in your success.

With great respect, I am, general, your friend and obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of Central Alabama:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant. The lieutenant-general commanding approves to some extent the dispositions, but directs that Armistead's brigade be added to the command of General Clanton, and for the time being consolidated with it, being without a brigade commander, and too small at present for an independent command. From their position these troops can operate against Sherman's communications or be in readiness to fall in the rear of any raiding party moving toward WEST Point and Columbus. The report here this morning is that the three corps of Sherman's army which were marching toward Atlanta have suddenly turned, and are moving rapidly in the direction of Chattanooga. If this proves to be true, the movement is propitious for Clanton's operations on the railroad, and he should push forward with promptness and vigor. The fortifications at Opelika, being nearly completed, should be at once garrisoned. This will be done with a requisite force taken from the reserves. Colonel Brooks' regiment, now here, has been ordered to report to you. All reserves not needed as guards and for other post duties had best be sent to Opelika. The

