
removal of your headquarters in optional with yourself. The department headquarters during the course of a week will be moved to Meridian.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of operations for the week ending November 12, 1864.

ENGINEER OFFICE, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,

Mobile, November 13, 1864.

FIRST DIVISION -CITY INTRENCHMENTS.

During the past week we have had but three days without rain, in consequence of which very little has been done. The force, numbering about 260 hands, has been employed at N, on the exterior slopes of the bastions and scarp-walls, and in covering the galleries already built and preparing for the interior magazine; a portion have also been placed at repairs on M. The rest have been employed on curtain between J and K and assisting the carpenters with the bomb-proof at I. A party has been sent to repair the damage at C, and considerable work is also necessary at D.

SECOND DIVISION -BAY BATTERIES.

Battery Gladden. -This battery was very badly washed by the late gales, owing to the breakwater being unfinished. The repairs are going on.

Octagonal battery. -This battery had been placed and partly secured when the gale broke it loose and floated it away. It is brought back to its place, but having had no boat last week it could not be replaced exactly. The casing is rebuilt.

Battery McIntosh. -Some sand has been brought to the rear of the bomb-proof, and we are ready to build the gallery.

Conway Creek. -Four rows of piles are now planted; the fifth and last row will be completed in three days.

Gap in lower obstructions has been closed by crucial obstructions.

THIRD (EASTERN) DIVISION.

Battery Huger. -Some delay was caused the first half of the week owing to scarcity of wood on steamer Natchez, in consequence of which the steamer was unable to carry barges from Blakely, with sand and sod. The improvements on south face of covered way are advancing very satisfactorily since Wednesday last. The pile- driving continues as usual.

Blakely. -FIFTY impressed negroes have been sent to repair damages on Mobile and Great Northern Railroad.

FOURTH DIVISION -SUBMARINE DEFENSES.

Have been impeded in consequence of non-arrival of powder from Augusta. The week has been devoted to construction of submarine mortar batteries, two of which are finished and a THIRD begun. Preparation of the calcium light has also occupied much time. This is now ready for use.

