
FIFTH DIVISION -MECHANIC AND ENGINEER WORKSHOP.

Carpenters have been employed in laying platforms at city intrenchments.

Brickmasons have been employed on the galleries at Fort Sidney Johnston.

Blacksmiths have been employed in repairing tools, wagons, carts, &amp;c.

Wheelwrights have been employed in making and repairing wheel- barrows, carts, and wagons.

Torpedo-boat S. D. Lee will be tried with steam to-morrow.

One hundred pontoons are being built.

While the force of expert mechanics has been greatly reduced by General Orders, Numbers 77, operations in general are very little satisfactory on account of want of the necessary laboring force. Yesterday morning's report showed a force of only 269 hands engaged on city intrenchments. There are not enough impressed hands left in this department to fill the requisitions constantly being made by other departments.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer District of the Gulf.

IN FRONT OF BULL'S GAP, November 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel J. B. PALMER:

Your dispatch of 7. 30 a. m. has been received. Cook your rations as proposed and bring your train with you to Lick Creek bridge.

By command [of General Breckinridge]:

[J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

TUSCUMBIA, November 13, 1864.

(Received 14th.)

General S. COOPER:

Weather is now good; roads improving. Balance of army will cross Tennessee River to-day or to-morrow. Scouts report Thomas' forces concentrating at Pulaski, and Sherman moving with several corps toward Bridgeport. General Taylor reports Canby at Memphis, with part of his forces on the way there. General Cobb and Smith are at Lovejoy's Station. I will await here further development of events.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

November 13, 1864.

This corps will recommence work on the lines around town to-morrow morning: General Stevenson on the right (next the river); General Johnson in the center, and General Clayton on the Waynesborough road. The portion of the line for each DIVISION will be designated by Captain Coleman.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RACHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

