
ordered Garrard up, but now I think a detachment will do, making a wide circuit; in that event, the balance should occupy some part of the Sandtown road north of Pine Hill. Stanley will occupy PIne Hill, and to-morrow I will move Cox well over on that road. Kilpatrick should go to the left and treaten Powder Springs to prevent the enemy sending more cavalry ove on the railroad, between Marietta and the bridge. He should act in concert with Howard, who has the left, and is on the Marietta and Powder Springs road, near Mrs. Kolb's. I will examine the whole line early in the morning but of all things communicate with Allatoona to let them know we are looking for them.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General. Commanding.

BURNT HICKORY AND MARIETTA ROAD, October 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am glad to hear such good accounts from Allatoona; have sent the squadron as ordered, or it was done by my assistant adjutant- general during my absence on Pine Hill, awaiging reply from you. I am satisfied that the enemy is or was to-day extended from Lost Mountain to Allatoona, finding him on every road, and all information tending that way. Kilpatrick withdrew from Dallas road to join Howard at Kolb's, with orders to scout toward Powder Springs on Howard's left. I saw telegraph dispatch from operator at Newman, October 4, to some general in Stevenson's DIVISION, of Lee's corps, camped yesterday north of Pine Hill, saying that on 1st of October the hardest fight of the campaign was fourth within three miles of Richmond, and battle still raging, but wires being down could give no particulars; also saw order dated October 4 from Major General C. L. Stevenson to some brigade commander, directing him to cover a certain distance from Dallas road and to build new works immediately if the old ones would not do. I am satisfied that Lee's corps was in my front last night, and having captured representatives from Lee's, Stewart's, and Hardee's corps, think the mass of Hood's force is or was in our front. Ambulances were moving toward Lost Mountain this eveining. Garrard covers all roads from Stanley's left to Dallas road, with strong picket on latter. The grass and young corn make pretty good feed for us, and we will try to do the best we can.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, &c.,
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Burnt Hickory and Marietta Road, October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry DIVISION:

The general commanding directs that you proceed early to-morrow morning with your DIVISION to New Hope Church for the purpose of ascertaining the route taken by the enemy, and send back information as soon as possible. You will probably be able to communicate by signal from Lost Mountain, but let your messenger be assured of this.

