
south of Allatoona during the day. One of General French's staff captured; reports enemy's loss heavy. Re-enforcements will reach Allatoona to-night, both infantry and artillery. General Smith left here this p. m. with re-enforcements; will probably reach Allatoona by morning. One DIVISION of the enemy reported moving up the river, probably with intention of crossing.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 5, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER,

Nashville:

Dispatch from Cartersville says enemy reported retreating toward Dallas. Telegraph from Rome says two deserters from Cedar Bluff, twenty-eight miles west, on Coosa River, report Wheeler four miles east of that place at 11 this a. m., and would cross the Coosa to- night, and is ordered to proceed to Lost Mountain with dispatch. Scouts corroborate their statement except that one DIVISION is returning toward Resaca valley. Wheeler's command going to Lost Mountain.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Thomas, Nashville.)

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General L. P. BRADLEY,

Commanding at Bridgeport, Ala.:

Colonel Opdycke has gone south with six regiments. You will releive his regiment at Whiteside's with one of your own and order it to report here., Fighting at Allatoona.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH:

Commanding at Whiteside's:

Upon being relieved by one of General Bradley's regiment, you will bring your command to this place as soon as possible.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant SAMUEL M. KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

The force reported last night north of Larkinsville is ascertained to have been a company of gurrillas; numbers unknown. The Eleventh Indiana Cavalry occupies its former positions on the road. All quiet.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

