HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 5, 1864-11. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state for your information that the two brigadies of the First DIVISION, this corps, under General Fuller, have just succeeded in passing through the train of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and that the head of the column is expected to arrive in this camp in about one hour from this time. The other brigade of this DIVISION is in rear of trains and cattle, and is in camp in the vicinity of the camp of your headquarters of last night. General Ransom is unwell and asleep, so I send this over my own signature.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL CORPS, U. S. ARMY,

October 5, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLARK:

SIR: I have the honor to report that communication by signals is now open to Kenesaw Mountain. Our station is near headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, and in charge of Lieutenant Stickney, who is on duty with that corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. McCLINTOCK,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

PACE'S FERRY ROAD, October 5, 1864-5. 45 a. m.

General SHERMAN:

By working late last evening we got over our train, the head of my column resting on the Pace's Ferry and Marietta road. We had to bridge a creek forty feet broad, which was filled by backwater from the Chattahoochee, swimming deep. The road along the Chattahoochee is not good, but we shall get along; the column is now starting. I can get no definite information of roads on right of railroads, but from my remembrance of what we learned when we were at Smyrna Station in July, I hope to get through.

J. C. COX,

Brigadier-General.

KENESAW, October 5, 1864-2 p. m.

General COX:

I have sent Colonel Warner to you to explain your position, which is to the front and right of Kenesaw, following the Big Shanty road about a mile, and from the base of the mountain to a fortified ridge, from which your overlook cleared ground very extensive. Leave your train near base of the mountain.

W. T. SHERMNA,

Major-General.

