
Our business is almost entirely confined to Government transportation. Will you grant me permission to send out cotton to purchase necessary railroad supplies?

Yours, respectfully,

W. GOODMAN,

President.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS,
Meridian, January 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for reference to the Honorable Secretary of War.

I can see no sound reason why we should not use our cotton to purchase supplies we cannot get otherwise. We have reached a point, in my opinion, at which the hazard of greater evils than any which may follow from selling cotton are threatening us.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.

May be considered when law regulating export is to be adjusted.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., January 7, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

DEAR SIR: Your dispatch of the 6th, asking me not to object to making the steamer Don conform to the regulations of the Confederate ate authorities in regard to transporting Government cotton, requires a more detailed reply that I can transmit by telegraph.

I have now at Bermuda and the way there eight or ten cargoes of supplies of the very first importance to the Army and the people, consisting chiefly of some 40,000 blankets, 40,000 pair shoes, large quantities of army cloth and leather, 112,000 pair of cotton cards, machinery and findings to refit twenty-six of our principal cotton and woolen factories, dyestuffs, lubricating oils, &amp;c., in addition to which I have made large purchases of bacon. knowing that one steamer could no bring these cargoes in before spring, at which time I anticipate the clothing of the port, if not sooner, and that the risk was increasing daily, I sold one-half of the State's steamer Advance, and purchased of Messrs. Collie & Co. one-fourth interest in four steamers-the Don and the Hansa, and two others now building-for the purpose of hurrying these supplies in. The terms give the State one-fourth the outward cargo and the whole of the inward, nothing being carried for speculation whatever. The Hansa, which recently left Wilmington, not having coal enough to take her to Bermuda where my freight is, was instructed to load at Nassau with Confederate bacon,. so determined was I that the whole capacity of these steamers should be employed for the public good. In return for this Messrs. Collie & Co. did except they would be relieved from the burden of giving one-third of their outward capacity to the Confederate Government, and I did also. Should

one-third be given to the Confederacy and one-fourth to the State outward, and to the latter the whole of the return cargo, I submit that it would amount to a prohibition

