
VI. Commanders of armies and departments and officers of the Conscript Bureau will not molest employes of the tax-in-kind service, the officers of which will be held responsible that men between eighteen and forty-five years are not employed therein, unless they are exempt or detailed because of disability.

VII. To prevent the loss from disease of animals in the service, cavalry and other private animals will be included by inspectors of field transportation in their inspections. They will dispose of those affected with contagious diseases, as prescribed by paragraph 925, Army Regulations. Those otherwise unfit for present service will be mustered out the inspectors, or, as they may elect, sent from the field, to be recruited with the public animals. Commanding officers are required to send from their commands animals not mustered into the service. Inspectors will report all cases in which this order is violated.

VIII. Generals commanding armies and departments will require company commanders to furnish descriptive lists to soldiers sent to hospitals.

IX. Sicks or wounded soldiers in hospitals may be paid, as heretofore, four months's pay, if due, upon receipts supported by their affidavits, but company commanders will provide them with descriptive lists before they leave their commands, if it be possible; if otherwise, they will as soon thereafter as practicable forward such lists to the surgeon in charge of the hospitals of which the soldiers may be inmates.

X. Articles of clothing issued during the year to soldiers will be stated, with the prices annexed, on company muster-rolls, upon which annaula settlements on clothing accounts are made.

XI. Payment of the bounty of $50, allowed by the act of Congress approved December 11, 1861, will not be paid to persons between seventeen and fifty years subject to conscription. It will be limited to those not liable to service, who enter the Army for the war as noncommissioned officers, musicians, or privates. All who enter the general service from the reserves must do so by transfer, and in no case will bounty be paid upon such transfers or enlistments.

XII. Quartermaster performing duty exclusively as paymasters will be under the control of chief quartermasters of armies or military departments. If from any cause the paymaster of a corps or division is unable to discharge the duties appertaining to his office, the chief quartermaster of the army with which such corps or division may be serving will designate a quartermaster or an assistant quartermaster to perform such duty temporarily, in which event the name of the officer so assigned will be communicated to the Quartermaster-General.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., January 6, 1865.

Hon. A. H. STEPHENS,

Vice-President of the Confederate States:

SIR: My recent illness and the arrearage of pressing business resulting therefrom have prevented an earlier answer to your letter

