
of the 13th ultimo. The letter is much longer than seems necessary for an answer to my simple inquiry, asking to be informed which of my acts you referred to when you stated in your publication that "judging from my acts" you should think I belonged to the "class" who preferred Lincoln to McClellan. I find on perusal that many PAGEs are occupied with an exposition of your views of public policy and of the points of difference which you suppose to exist between us in relation to the conduct of public affairs. You must pardon me for declining to enter into any controversy on this subject. It does not appear to me to be useful nor becoming the two highest executive officers of the Government, especially when the country is engaged in a foreign war.

You confine yourself to "two points only" in your answer. Neither of them seems to me to have any bearing on the questioon addressed to you. First, my "action in regard to the case of David F. Cable. " Your comments on this are very strange, and your statement of facts imperfect. I give the facts in order of date.

April 9 you wrote me on the subject of Cable. Your letter reached me, I believe, on the 14th. April 16 General Bragg was instructed to cause Cable to be examined by a discreet officer, and if his story was found true to parole him and send him to you. April 18 General Bragg was instructed to cause Cable to be examined by a discreet officer, and if his story was found true to parole him and send to you. April 18 General Bragg issued an order to Colonel J. P. Jones, assistant adjutant-general at Charleston, directing him to send Captain Hammond to make the examinatioon, and if proper act on the suggestion of sending him too you. April 19 I answered your letter, informing you of what had been done and suggesting my doubt whether the representations oof this prisoner were true. April 27, your letter to me (received on the 3d of May) you "would wait for Cable a few days, in case he shall be paroled," and then start for Richmond. May 7, your letter to me (received on 21st) you learned from correspondence with Colonel Persons, commanding prisoners' camp, that "there was no prospect of start for Richmond" day after to-morrow. " In the meantime Grant crossed the Rapidan, the series of terrible battles on which the fate of Richmoond depended were being fought; and as you announced that you were on the eve of starting for Richmond, I had no reason for answering your letters, as it was fair to presume my answers would not reach you. You, however, did not come to Richmond, and did not inform me of your change of purpose. July 5, your letter to me, received on the 16th of same month. Cable died on the 16th, but I was not aware of the fact. In your letter you inclosed one from Cable dated on 21st oof June, expressed surprise that he had not been examined, and urged "prompt attentioon to the case. " July 16 I ordered inquiry made as to the cause of the delay, and directed the Secretary of War "too give this matter attention. " July 20 report received from General Bragg's headquarters. On inquiry of Captain Hammond it was learned that he had never received the order to make the examination; that the order was presumed to have been lost in the disturbance of mail communication by enemy's cavalry operations. July 21, letter to you by Assistant Secretary of War, explaining the miscarriage of General Bragg's order, and communicating report of Cable's death.

In addition to the above correspondence the following letters were written to you from Andersonville: July 2, General Winder, in answer to your letter to him of 27th of June, informed you that the examination had not been made, and said: "I will take pains to

