
persoons from Confederate service," and for the purposes of the said section oof said act, he requires the exemption of the following persons for the proper police of the State:

Benjamin A. Andrews, Jones' company, Williams' battalion, Reserve Corps of the State.

Irvine Keith Heyward, Ashley Dragoons, Colcock's regimina cavalry.

I am also directed by His Excellency to forward to you a copy of the act of the General Assembly referred to, which you will find herewith inclosed. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GARLINGTON,

Adjutant and Inspector-General of South Carolina.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 19, 1865.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

This claim of right to exempt soldiers in service cannot be conceded. Will you, if your concur, prepare a proper answer.

J. A. S.

PURCHASING OFFICE, FIRST DIVISION OF VIRGINIA,

Charlottesville, January 6, 1865.

Major R. W. N. NOLAND,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Second Dist. of Virginia:

MAJOR: Permit me respectfully to call your attention to a subject which needs immediate attention. The interest of the Government in the division under my charge is suffering incalculable injury for want of funds to relieve its indebtedness. I now owe $1,200,000. A great portion of this sum has been due since early last spring. During the past summer the railroad connectioins were cut by the enemy, and large supplies were promptly loaned by the people to sustain the Army in its emergency. From the exhausted condition of the country I have been unable to return a very large proportion of these borrowed stores. They have expressed a readiness to receive payment instead, yet in but few instances have I had it iin my power even to do this, for want of funds. Whilst such delay naturally causes much dissatisfaction and want of confidence in those who have heretofore acted with patriotic energy in support of the Government, the future is more unpromising. The recent order to purchase at contract rates can avail little, with nothing to pay, and the impressing power useless for the same reason. Hence my position and that of my agents is painfully embrrassing. Our usefulness to the Government (by an increasing distrust on the part of the people in intentions to fulfill obligations) is seriously impaired. I therefore earnestly appeal in behalf of the interest of the Government, that to its people, and in justice to omyself and agents, that funds be furnished to liquidate my present liabilities and prevent a future recurrence of this condition of affairs.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES S. TAYLOR,

Ctant Commissary of Subsistence.

---------------

*See p. 980.

---------------

