
[First indorsement.]

The attention of the chief commissary of subsistence of Virginia is called to the inclosed letter of Captain Taylor. Have made repeated requisitions for funds to meet the indebtedness of the district, but these requisitions have never been fully met. I have hardly been furnished with an amount sufficient to defray current expenses, and thus the indebtedness of the district has increased and loud complaints are constantly made against the agents of the Government for a non-compliance with their contracts. This condition of things has seriously interfered with purchases, and has prevented altogether, in several instances, impressment of subsistence that ought to have gone to the Army.

R. W. N. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, 2d Dist. of Virginia.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE FOR VIRGINIA,

Richmond, January 23, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Subsistence for consideration and such reference as he may deem proper, and with the remark that there is no district or division in Virginia, from which similar complaints are not made. We owe enormously, and until we pay this indebtedness we cannot purchase further.

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Virginia.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Richmond, Va., January 7, 1865.

[Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:]

SIR: I wish to call your attention to a subject of great moment to the states of Florida and Georgia, and one that will have a favorable influence upon the Confederate Government itself. Savannah being now in the possession of the enemy, and likely to remain so-for I cannot see any immediate or remote prospect of relief, although there may be expectations in this respect not shared in by me, the value of which is well known to our authorities. But assuming, as I do, that Savannah is los to us now for and during the war, it wiill be seen, then, that the long line of roadway reaching from Savannah to Thomasville is rendered useless to us, and will remain so for and during the war. The counties of Monroe, Lowndes, Brooks, Echols, and adjacent countiies are rich and abound in subsistence stores, nearly the whole of which, with the supplies contained in the riich counties of Florida adjoining Georgia, will be lost to the Government if some way is not provided to secure its transportation. The nearest railroad connection is at Albany, Ga., the terminus of the Southwestern line of railroad. The distance from Thomasville to Albany, Ga., by the wagon road is about fifty-six miles. The country intermediate these points is low, flat, and sandy-not marshy. It is covered with a luxuriant growth of yellow pine. There wiill be but little heavy grading; the timber will be found by the road-side. I would recommend the building of a road from Albany to Thomasville at once.

