
The supply of iron could be obtained from the Savannah and Thomasville road, tearing up the rails at a point nearest Savannah and working west toward Thomasville until a sufficient number of rails were taken up. When finished we would have a line of railroad from Macon to Thomasville and beyond Valdosta, in Lowndes County, a distance fromo Thomasville east about seventy-five miles. This would connect with the Florida system of railroads by means of the Live Oak railroad, just on the eve of completion. Thus the stores from this rich country and a great part of Florida would at once seek an outlet over this line. The transportation of troops and munitions of war, as the theater of actioin is constricted, would of itself recommend the subject to your immediate and favorable consideration.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. E. SMITH,

Member of Congress from Georgia.

I concur in the foregoing views.

R. B. HILTON,

Member of Congress from Florida.

[Indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

January 13, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The connection of Albany with Thomasville, Ga., by rail would have many advantages, but the resources of the country will not justify undertaking a work of that magnitude at this time. One of the main supplies to be expected from Florida is beef. The cattle can be driven over that distance with less expense than they could be transported. . The amount of corn in Southwest Georgia is greater than existing roads can transport. Troops going to and from Florida can be marched over the line proposed.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

RICHMOND, January 7, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

DEAR GENERAL: I regret that in the succession of stirring events since the commencement of the present war I have had so little opportunity to renew our former, to me at least, exceeding agreeable acquaintance, and particularly that I have so rarely iif ever met with a suitable occasion to interchange views with you upon the important public questions which have been and still are pressing upon us with such intense interest.

It would have demanded, indeed, in view of the scarcely less than awful weight of care and responsibility Providence and youor country have thrown upon you, and which you will pardon me for saying has been graandly met, no ordinarily favorable opportuniity to have induced me to intrude upon your overburdened time and attention for such a purpose; and in approaching you now in this form upon a subject whicih I deem may prove of vital importance I offer no other apology than the momentous character of the issue forced upon the mind and heart of every Southern patriot.

