
negroes into the Army. Before resorting to it, at leas try every reasonable mode of getting white soldiers. I do not entertain a doubt that you can by the volunteering policy get more men into the service than you can arm. I have more fears about arms than about men. For heaven's sake try it before you fill with gloom and despondency the hearts of many of our truest and most devoted men by resorting to the suicidal policy of arming our slaves.

Haviing answered the inquiries of your letter, let me volunteer in a few words a suggestion. Popularize your administration by some just concessions to the strong convictions of public opinion. Mark you, I do not say yield to popular clamor, but concede something to the earnest convictions of an overwhelming, and, I will say, an enlightened public opinion. First, yield your opposition to volunteering in the form and maanner which I have heretofore urged; second, restore General Johnston to the command of the Army of Tennessee, and return General Beauregard to South Carolina.

With Lee in Virginia, Johnston here, and Beauregard in South Carolina you restore confidence and at once revive the hopes of the people. At present I regret to say that gloom and despondency rule the hour, and bitter opposition to the Administration, mingled with disaffection and disloyalty, iis manifesting itself. With a dash of the pen the President can revolutionize this state of things, and I earnestly beseech him to do it.

Sincerely, yours,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

CUTHBERT, GA., January 10, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I think you said in your speech in Macon, Ga., that you read all letters from your friends, though you could not undertake to respond to them; so, though a stranger, I hope you will pardon me for these few lines. I will premise by saying that I was a Democrat and secessionist in '60 and '61, and all that has transpired since has but served to convince me that I was right-to confirm me in the faith. I am an agriculturist by profession, well stricken in years, and have lost two noble sons in this bloody war. Sir, I think the matter of the highest moment now is to taake measures to recruit our armies for next spring's campaign. How can this be done is the great overshadowing question. Congress and the State Legislatures have put in service all white men between the ages of sixteen and sixty years. We can't get them from the Old World or from any other country. We are thrown upon our own resources. The recruits must come from our negroes, nowhere else. We should away with pride of opinion; away with false pride, and promptly take hold of all the means that God has placed within our reach to help us through this struggle- a bloody war for the right of self-government. Some people say negroes not fight. I say they will fight. They fought at Ocean Pond, Honey Hill, and other places. The enemy fights us with the negroes, and they will do very well to fight the Yankees. But some say that will be giving up the question. What, giving up the question to grip it the tighter? Giving up slavery to have slaves defend it? To have them shoot down the enemies of slavery? Strange notion, indeed! From the outset of the war we have used the negro

