
care was observed to obviate evasion of future liability to service. At the same time it is deemed not inappropriate to add that no law or obligation exists by which the Department is required to refuse passports to go to neutral countries to any loyal citizen of the Confederate States not liable to military service.

Passports are required, from considerations of military police alone, to preclude the passage of dangerous or disaffected persons, and it might, perhaps, with justice be deemed an offensive and gratuitous presumption to attribute to any loyal citizen the design of evading a patriotic duty, as also an unwarrantable assumption of authority by the Department to preclude expatriation or intercourse with neutral countries by th refusal of passports to those not liable to military service. So high a prerogative, it maay be justly claimed, can only be imparted, and should only be exercised, under the regulation of law. If therefore it be deemed important that passports be refused (except from military police) to any class of our citizens, it is due alike to the Department and the citizen that it should be prescribed by appropriate legislation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 14, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to your resolution of the 8th of November, 1864, I herewith transmit, for your information, a communication from Hon. Howell Cobb, who was President of the Provisional Congress, relative to the preparation of copies of the Journals of that body, and of the Proceedings of the Convention which framed the Provisional and Permanent Constitutions of the Confederate States. And I invite your attention to the suggestions he maakes in reference to funds to be expended in the further prosecutioin of the work.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. GEORGIA RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF GEORGIA,
Macon, Ga., December 17, EFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In response to a resolution of the House of Representatives of Congress of the 8th of November last, asking for information in reference to the Journals, &c., of the Provisional Congress, &c., I beg leave respectfully to report:

In compliance with that resolution I employed Mr. J. J. Hooper, clerk of the Provisional Congress, to do the work. The papers were already in his possession; and I regarded him, under the circumstances, as the most suitable person to undertake it. In a short time he died, leaving the work almost untouched and the papers scattered and difficult of access. I then employed Major John C. Whitner, of West Point, Ala., a most faithful and competent person, who immediately entered upon the discharge of the duty, and who has devoted his time earnestly to the business from that period to the present time. I herewith inclose his report, which is so full and satisfactory, that it is unnecessary for me to add anything by way of explanation of the causes which haave led to the delay in completing the work.

