
nals he was doubtless prevented from sending to me by his sudden death, and it has been but comparatively recently that I have gotten possession of them.

Many papers, such as messages, reports, resolutions, treaties, memorials, communicatioins, petitions, &amp;c., referred to and forming a part of the regular proceedings of Congress, and which had probably been slightly attached or only placed within the leaves of the original Journals, could not be found amongst the papers in the boxes sent me. Through the courtesy and labor of the gentlemen above mentioned and others, I hope the most, if not all, have been gathered up. Only in one case so far, and that not important, have I failed to get the originaal paper referred to or an authentic copy. Many of these papers also were gathered up by Mr. Dixon, and were in his possession at the time of his death, and have since been secured through the courtesy of his family anad friends.

The cause of the confused and scattered condition of these papers cannot explain. The lamented death of Hon. J. J. Hooper, to whom the work was first committed, together with the general confusion then existing in Richmond in consequence of the near approach of the enemy and the sending off to other points important Government papers, had doubtless much to do with it. Mr. Hooper had but barely entered upon this work-possibly not long enough to gather up what was necessary for its accurate completion.

These matters have delayed me very much-far more than would at first appear. For instance, whilst writing any day's proceedings I find an important document referred to missing. A thorough search through all the mass in my possession shows it is not on hand. Not knowing its length, it is impossible for me to leave room for it. I must therefore necessarily delay further copying until that paper is found, which maay be at Richmond or elsewhere. This occurring frequently and involving in some cases months of search, I have been delayed in a most annoying manner. I endeavored to procure assistance at first, but, unable to furnish exemption, no one would remain with me, and but for the voluntary aid of Messrs. Dixon and Lamar and other gentlemenn I don't see how I could have gotten on.

Another cause of delay has been the recent movements of the enemy. As you directed me to take good care of these papers, I left Atlanta about a month before its fall and went to West Point. Hearing of a threatened raid upon that place, I went farther down into Alabama, and was surrounded and cut off by Rousseau's raid. Fortunately everything escaped, and I have all in safety here.

You placed in my hands $2,000. Of this I expended $370 for materials. The remainder, $1,630, I deposited with J. W. Duncan, depositary in Atlanta, about the last of March, in order to have it exchanged for new currency, and sent the certificate on to the Secretary of the Treasury, but never received any order on the depositary for the amount in new issue. I would respectfully ask your attention to this, as I have had to use my own means in paying expenses.

I have written up a portion of the Proceedings of the Convention and two-thirds of the Journals of Congress, both open and secret. If not interrupted, I will soon complete one copy, which will enable me to deposit the originals, as required by law, and then rapidly work up the other copy. I trust all missing papers have been secured necessary to the accuraacy of the work.

I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that I have been working on this business over a year, and have received no

