
compensation, nor do I know what I am to receive. I would request a fixed pay and a return of amounts already expended.

As you are aware, I have frequently been interrupted by the military, though through your influence have generally been relieved. Once, however, I had to submit to examination and discharge for physical disability by a board of conscript surgeons. I beg you would secure for me from Congress speciial exemptioin whilst engaged on this work, with privilege of going to places of safety from those threatened by the enemy. The importance of this must be apparent, both for the security of the work and its early completion. If possible, I would like to have the appointment of an assistant, and would recommend Clinton I. Brown, esq., who has already given me voluntary aid; has been pronounced unfit for field service, and would add no expense whatever to the Government. This would enable me to proceed more rapidly and at the same time have the orginals arranged preparatory to early turning them over to the Government.

It is impossible to express my deep concern to have this work finished, and thus be relieved of so cumbrous and at the same time important responsibility. You have repeatedly urged upon me the importance of its early completion; yet I have not hesitated to take time for gathering all important materials, believing that a full and accurate record of its proceediings was the first object aimed at by the Provisional Congress. To secure this delays have been unavoidable; but I think they will not occur again.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. WHITNER.

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 15, 1865.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have used the detention forced upon me at this place by the condition of the roads in the attempt to effect some reasonable adjustment of the slave labor levy, so seriously impened by the Legislature of the State, and, as I feared, by the teutive and the people. I have the honor to inclose you certain documents bearing on the matter.

After repeated and very full conferences with the Governor he has submitted to me the report of the State agent as the exposition of the law, the Executive policy in connection with the subject, and the probable mode of meeting the Confederate requisitioin.

The accompanying letter of Major Melton (commandant conscripts) will exhibit his view as to the probabilities of obtaining slaves in South Carolina under the instructions of December 12, 1864. I commend Major Melton's note to your careful attention. I have not assented to his conlclusions, but have ordered the levy to be proceeded with.

Under the instructions by which the law is to be administered I do not feel authorized to look to the effect of this levy upon the occasional and somewhat eccentric, and at times, perhaps, worse than useless, calls of the officers in charge in this department.

In referring you to the engineer's requisition (see Colonel Echols' letter), I beg to call your attention to the fact that this requisition has been one of the most serious impediments I haave encountered in my effort to adjust the levy intrusted to my bureau. Apart from

