
well-founded complaints as to the management of the slaves under these occasional calls, the fact of such diverse and disconnected calls for slaves, seemingly not regulated by any uniform system of responsibilities, is recognized and avowed as one maiin incentive to the unfortunate sentiment and consequent legislation in this State. Members hav been sent to the Legislature avowedly to protect the people in their slaves from the Confederate authorities.

My duty would properly be fully performed in reporting to you the extreme difficulty, if not impossibility, of raising slaves under the instructions of December 12, 1864. I feel warranted, however, in suggesting as a probable remedy aan act of Congress expressly authorizing you to negotiate with the States for the impressment of slaves on such terms as may be agreed. Major Melton's note states truly the practical difficulty. It exists in evry State. A regiment of cavalry wiith bloodhounds in every county in the Confederacy would not obtain the slaves unless by the intervention and use of State laws and State authorities.

My hopelessness of good result will not cause me to relax one moment the rigor of my efforts.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 26, 1865.

Chief of Engineers for consideration.

By order:

J. AA. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

February 1, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The report of the State agent of South Carolina, Colonel R. B. Johnson, makes it clear that the best method of procuring slave labor in that State is through the agency of the State law, and I would recommend that His Excellency the Governor of South Carolina be requested to procure an amendment by the Legislature of the State law so as to make the labor, when obtained, available for the military purposes of the Confederacy, according to act of February 17, 1864, i. e., that the term of impressment may be for twelve months, the slaves to be used without the limits of the State when the good of the service demands; that the maay be subject to the supervision and control of Confederate authorities and agents, and be placed in all respects on the same footing as slaves impressed under said act in other States. I concur also in the recommendation of Brigadier-General Preston as to the propriety of obtaining an act of the Confederate Congress, expressly authorizing the Honorable Secretary of War to negotiate with the States for the impressment of slaves on such terms as may be agreed upon.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

