
[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 2, 1865.

ENGINEER BUREAU:

Your indorsement approved. Have such letters as you would wish prepared and submitted.

J. A. S.

[Fourth indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

February 6, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War. Two letters herewith submitted in accordance with above direction. *

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

January 11, 1865.

General JOHN S. PRESTON,

Columbia, S. C.:

GENERAL: I beg to send you the report of Colonel Johnson and the requisition of Major Echols. These papers will enable you to communicate with the Secretary of War in relation to the matter of our conversation.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. G. MAGRATH.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

COLUMBIA, January 10, 1865.

His Excellency Governor AA. G. MAGRATH:

In reply to the inquiries submitted to me yesterday by Your Excellency and General John S. Preston, superintendent of conscription, in reference to furnishing the supply of slave labor requiried by the Confederate Government, I beg to submit the following views:

First. I do not find in the legislation of the State any provision which in terms or by necessary implication precludes the enforcement in this State of any impressment of slaves which the Confederate Government may order. On the contrary, section 11 of the act seems to have in view the contingency of the impressment of slaves beyond and outside of the scope of the act. It is conceived, therefore, that so far as State laws are concerned there exists no hindrance to the impressment of slaves in this State in obedience to orders of the War Department.

Whilst, however, there is found no hindrance in the provisions of the act of the Legislature, the fact that there is such legislation operates practically under the instructions of the War Department to preclude such impressment.

The instructions of December 12 direct that the impressment authorized by General Orders, No. 86, shall be "according to the rules and regulations provided for the impressment of slaves in the States. " Of like tenor are the instructions of September 23: "If any of the States have passed any laaw by which slaves can be collected for the

---------------

*Only one letter found as an inclosure, for which see Gilmer to Seddon, February 6, p. 1058.

---------------

