
of their slaves, so imperfect have been the laws to enforce equality in the distribution of the burden, that the well affected are very reluctant to respond to any call, whilst the factious and unpatriotic, the lukewarm and the disaffected, now so numerous are ready to interpose every possible hindrance to the execution of such impressment. The slaves themselves are very averse to this labor, and their owners sympathize with them, feel for them, and are disposed to screen them. All attempts, therefore, to impress by main caption would be futile. The owner has but to wink at evasions by the slaves and the best concerted efforts for arrest are foiled.

The aid and the authority of the master is indispensable, and as the Confederate authorities possess no control over him, can impose upon him no pain or penalties, they must in the present condition of affairs be powerless to act effectually. I am satisfied that slaves can be impressed only through the agency of the State authorities and in conformity with State law. It may also be added that any attempt to enforce an impressment under Confederate orders cotemporaneously with an impressment under State laws would result prejudicially, each operating to embarrass and defeat the other.

The practical conclusions drawn from a consideration of the whole subject are these:

First. The conscript authorities cannot, under their instructions, proceed to impress slaves in this State otherwise than by the State agencies and in conformity with State rules and regulations.

Second. The State law iis adequate to the raising of 2,500 or 3,000 slaves at any one time, and the requisitions made through the Bureau may be met except as to the terms and conditions of the service.

Third. The levying of the 2,500 under the requisition through the Bureau and the turning of them over to the "engineer officer instructed to receive them" could not be regarded otherwise than asof the requisition. The receipt of them by the engineer officer would operate as a satisfaction pro tanto of the requisition made by or through him.

Fourth. It it be assumed that the requisition made through the Bureau is for other purposes than those contemplated by the State act, it cannot be met, neither by the State authorities, for want of authority under the act, nor yet by the conscript authorities, for want of authority under their instructions, or, having such authority, because of practical and insurmountable difficulties.

I respectfully suggest that I be authorized to proceed at once to levy the one-tenth of the male slaves of the State between the ages indicated in the act, and to turn over the slaves so levied to the engineer officer who may be instructed to receive them. I would also respectfully ask that in the exercise of my power to appoint sub-agencies the authority of the superintendent of conscription be giiven me to apoint and use the conscription agencies of the State. He can aid me much, not alone in procuring a correct enumeration of slaves and in making the proper assessments upon owners, but in collecting and forwarding the slaves.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. JOHNSON,

Agent of State of South Carolina.

