
which relates more to the operations of his Department than to those of this.

J. A. SEDDON.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 28, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

The most earnest appeals have been made to Congress for the supply of the Treasury, and the exertions of the Honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways anad Means invoked to procure early action on the subject.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

HEADQUARTERS YORK'S COMMAND,
Salisbury, N. C., January 17, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

SIR: We have now in our camp between 600 and 700 recruits. The great obstacle has been the difficulty of procuring clothing and supplies from the quartermaster's department. We have also been interfered with by the recruiting officers of Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker. If we could have the exclusive privilege of recruiting in all the prison for some weeks we have no doubt but that we could shortly muster a brigade composed of such material as would reflect no discredit upon our army. We hope that you will be so kind as to foster this enterprise and see that the necessary clothing, &amp;c., be issued by the quartermaster's department, as we can do nothing without the uniforms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. YORK,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
January 24, 1865.

Respectfully referred for the consideration of the War Department. I am ignorant of the reason that induced authority to be given to Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker and others. General York is recruiting for the Louisiana brigade.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 7, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Honorable Secretary of War. The authority to Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker was granted before Brigadier-General York was authorized to recruit for his command. It is understood that Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker has completed his enlistments, unless he be authorized to recruit another compaany to form a regiment.

By order:

JNO. BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

