
[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 11, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

A privilege was granted to Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker to complete his regiment some day or two ago. If that enterprise be deemed of less importance than the one herein mentioned, it might be proper to recall that order. Your opinion upon this is desired. No other authority has been given.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary.

[JANUARY 17, 1865. -For resolutions of the General Assembly of Virginia, in reference to placing General Lee in command of all the armies of the Confederate States, and reply of Jefferson Davis to letter transmitting the same, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, pp. 1084, 1091.]

[JANUARY 18, 1865. -For Davis to Clark, urging extraordinary exertioin to re-enforce General Taylor, see Series I, VOL. XLV, Part II, p. 794.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 19, 1865.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Augusta, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your several letters advising strongly resort to a system of volunteering and the formation of new organizatioins, instead of reliance on the operations of the conscript law, for the increase of our forces, have had my anxious consideration, and have been submitted for the judgment of the President.

On the scores of policy and equity, having reference as well to the sentiments and interests of those already in the armies as of those still out of service, it has been concluded that such new organizations should not be invited or allowed. Besides, without additional legislation there would be no authority in all those portions of the Confederacy accessible to enrolling officers to allow such voluntary organizations, and it is very doubtful whether, in view of the opposition entertained to them by most of our leading generals, such legislation could be procured.

Dismissing, therefore, that mode of increasing our forces, it is of urgent necessity that you should adopt all practical means and employ your best energies in carrying out thoroughly the conscript law in your State. Although you have, in pressing your views, not shrunk from the implication of confessing failure, I am satisfied no such failure will result, on your directing your own special attention and efforts to insure success.

It is represented that there are very large numbers of men in your State who have escaped conscription through the remissness, inefficiency, or connivance of the enrolling officers. As a class, these officers in your State are said to have been peculiarly incompetent, and that it is very difficult to obtain others adequate.

