
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

January 21, 1865.

Hon. F. S. LYON,

Chairman, &amp;c.:

SIR: Permit me to press upon your attention the necessity of prompt action upon the measures for the relief of the Treasury. The maximum amount of notes to be issued under the act of 17th of February, 1864, is $500,000,000; the amount issued and to be issued under drafts already drawn upon the Bureau at Columbia is $468,000,000; amount still available, $32,000,000.

The fall of Fort Fisher having closed the harbor of Wilmington, the demand for the new taxable bonds (the coupons of which were used in payment of duties) has greatly diminished, and the sales from the Treasury ceased altogether. The only source from which relief can be expected under existing circumstances is from taxation, aided by the proposed action of the State in anticipating the collection thereof. I earnestly recommend this important subject to yor immediate attention.

Your most obedient servant,

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 23, 1865.

The attention of officers and soldiers is called to the following act of Congress and regulations based thereon:

AN ACT to provide commissioned officers of the Army and Navy and Marine Corps with clothing.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all officers of the Army, Navy and Marine Corps, on duty in the field, afloat or in batteries, and all officers on other duty who are disabled for the service in the field, by reason of wounds or disease contracted in the service, and offiicers of the Invalid Corps, on duty, below the rank of brigadier-general in the Army, and below the ranak of captain in the Navy, shall be furnished once in every year with one complete suit of uniform clothing: Provided, That the quantity and quality of clothing to be delivered to non-commissioned officers and privates, seamen and marines under existing or future laws, shall in nowise be interfered with by reason of anything contained in this act; and in the distribution of clothing, officers on duty in the field shall, in all cases, have a preference over those on post, or detailed, or office duty, so that when there is not a sufficiency of clothing for all, the non-commissioned officers and privates shall be first served, and next to them the officers actually on duty in the field.

Approved January 16, 1865.

A true copy.

JAS. M. MATTHEWS,

Law Clerk.

OFFICERS.

1. The above act, after securing a supply to soldiers, prefers officers below the rank of brigadier-general, as follows: First, officers on duty in the field; next, officers on duty, disabled for service in the field by reason of wounds or disease contracted in the service, anad officers of the Invalid Corps on duty, all of whom draw free of cost; and, lastly, permits other officers to purchase, as heretofore, under the provisions of the old act of February 17, 1864.

2. Care will be taken to observe these preference. To that end orders will not be given hereafter at this office, under any circumstances, for the purchase of cloth or any article of clothing or for the issue of same.

