
3. Officers in the field will be supplied through the chief quartermaster of the command to which they may be attached. When the supply will permit, cloth will be apportioned between the armies in the field according to their strength, and will be placed at the control of the chief quartermaster thereof, who will be looked to distribute the same to the officers entitled and most in need. Other articles of clothing, not exceeding in all one suit a year, may be issued to officers in the field from stores forwarded to the command to which they belong when the wants of the privates will admit.

4. Other officers will draw or purchase, as the case may be, from the nearest to time, by direction of this office. Mr. Rankin, bonded agent of this department, corner of Fourteenth and Cary streets, will be charged with the duty of issuing and selling, at this point, cloth and articles of clothing to officers. When he has nothing for sale or issue it will be useless to make application elsewhere in this city, all other officers being prohibited from either selling or issuing.

5. the yearly suit of clothing for an officer will consist of a coat and pair of pants or material (four yards, double width), and trimmings therefor, one pair of shoes, one hat or cap, three pair of drawers, three cotton shirts, two flannel shirts, and four pair of socks. Issues oers will be noted on suitable rolls prepared for that purpose, and in every case the officer shall certify that the articles drawn or purchased are necessary for his own personal comfort and use and that the same will not be in excess of his prescribed allowance. Returns of such issues or sales will be made quarterly to this office. The price of cloth, when sold, will be $20 a yard, double width, and of other articles of clothing as fixed in general orders.

PRIVATES.

6. Men attached to commaands in the field will be supplied there, and men who have been retired at the post at which they may be located in orders. Issues to men on furlough and on horse details have been suspended. Men in hospital will be supplied by the issuing quartermaster attached to. All detailed men in Richmond and the immediate vicinity are supplied through Mr. Rankin. Paroled and exchanged men draw at Camp Lee.

7. The interest of the service and the dispatch of public business require that these regulations shall be strictly observed.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[JANUARY 23, 1865. -For Brown to Davis, reporting that the reserve militia of Georgia, over fifty years of age, has been ordered out, see Series I, VOL. XLVII, Part II, p. 1038.]

[JANUARY 23, 1865. -For Clark to Brandon, in relation to transfer of the militia of Mississippi, between seventeen and fifty years of age, to the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 810.]

