
send against us; and communication once opened with Southern California we might reasonably expect re-enforcements from that country, it being settled almost entirely by Southern people.

As to the means for carrying out this expendition they can be furnished from the cotton which is in Texas in abundance; and to insure the speedy transportation and sale of such amount of cotton as may be necessary it should be turned over to the officer to command the expedition as he would find means of transportation more readily than to rely upon the uncertain means furnished by the Cotton Bureau, which has so far not been characterized by great celerity in the transportation of Government cotton. Should General Smith decide that the cotton in sufficient quantity could not be spared, I would suggest that Texas has another means of raising specie which could be made available, and that is the sale of beef-cattle; thousands can be collected in Western Texas and easily driven into Mexico and sold for specie. There are a number of refugees from New Mexico and Arizona who would not hesitate to contribute means for the recovery of their homes; among them are men of wealth who have offered assistance.

Once in the Territories, which area now abundantly supplied with goods, enough property could be confiscated for the use of the Government to defray the expenses of the troops, and as the United States Government is now working numerous silver mines I see no reason why we might not control the same mines and make them yield a revenue for our purposes.

It is essential that the officer in command should be clothed by the President with authority to organize such troops as may be raised, and especially to select proper persons to command them, and at the same time to organize some kind of civil government. Should this plaan for recruiting and reoccupying those Territory meet your approbation I would respectfully suggest that no time is to be lost, as the movement should be made as early as possible.

Should the Government determine that it is impracticable at this time to spare the men and means necessary for such a purpose as I have indicated, then I would suggest that proper persons sent into Western Arizona could raise enough troops to justify the expedition.

It will be remembered that there has been no attempt to recruit for our Government in this section of the country, and so strong is the Southern feeling in Southern California that the United States Government has never succeeded in enforcing the conscript law or draft there. The people, never having felt the ravages of war, are enthusiastic and would not hesitate to join us in this struggle for independence. Should you think proper to honor me with a commission for the enterprise I have suggested I can only say that I will, as I have ever done, serve my country with all the zeal and ability I possess.

I have the honor to be, very res R. BAYLOR.

