
Proclamation by the President, appointing a day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer, with thanksgiving.

The Congress of the Confederate States have, by a joint resolution, invited me to appoint a day of public fasting, humiliation, anad prayer, with thanksgiving to Almighty God.

It is our solemn duty at all times, and more especially in a season of public trial and adversity, to acknowledge our dependence on His mercy, and to bow in humble submission before His footstool, confessing our manifold sins, supplicating His gracious pardon, imploring His divine help, and devoutly rendering thanks for the many and great blessings which He has vouchsafed to us.

Let the hearts of our people turn contritely and trustingly unto God; let us recognize in His chasteniing hand the correction of a Father, and submissively pray that the trials and sufferings which have so long borne heavily upon us may be turned away by His merciful love; that His sustaining grave be given to our people and His divine wisdom imparted to our rulers; that the Lord of Hosts will be with our armies and fight for us agaiinst our enemies, and that He will graciously take our cause into His own hand and mercifully establish for us a lasting, just, and Honorable peace and independence.

And let us not forget to render unto His holy name the thanks and praise which are so justly due for His great goodness and for the many mercies which He has extended to us amid the trials and suffering of protracted and bloody war.

Now, therefore I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do issue this my proclamation, appointing Friday, the 10th day of March next, as a day of public fasting, humiliation, and prayer (with thanksgiving) for "invoking the favor and guidance of Almighty God," and I do earnestly invite all soldiers and citizens to observe the same in a spirit of reverence, penitence, and prayer.

Given under my hand and thefederate States, at Richmond, this 25th day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

RICHMOND, VA., January 25, 1865.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I return to your Honorable body without my approval an act which originated in the Senate, entitled "An act to authorize newspapers to be mailed to the soldiers free of postage. "

The act provides "that all newspapers directed to any officer musician, or private engaged in the actual service of the Confederate States may be transmitted through the mails free of postage. "

The Constitution, article I, section 8, clause 7, gives power to Congress "to establish post-offices and post routes; but the expenses of the Post-Office Department after the 1st day of March, in the year of our Lord 1863, shall be paid out of its own revenues. "

