
[FEBRUARY 9, 1864. -For Vance to Davis, in relation to affairs in the State of North Carolina (suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, disaffection of the people) &amp;c., and Davis' reply (29th), see Series I, VOL. LI, Part Ii, pp. 818, 824.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 10, 1864.

Honorable W. P. MILES,

Chairman Military Committee, House of Representatives:

SIR: As the session approaches it close, will you pardon me for asking the special attention of yourself and the Committee on Military Affairs to the recommendation in my report of further legislation to authorize the appointment of quartermasters and commissaries to divisions, corps, and armies in the field? The necessity of these officers has been felt by generals commanding to be so imperative that it has led to the detail of officers of a lower grade from their appropriated commands, and has been the cause of confusion and irregularity which the Department from like conviction of the necessity of the case has been unable appropriately to prevent and correct. I trust the importance of authorizing such appointments will be recognized and appreciated by Congress, and that the regularity and efficiency of the service may be attained with the requisite complement of officers with appropriate rank selected for the position, and not as now be imperfectly selected by temporary or irregular detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 19.
 Richmond, February 10, 1864.

The following address of the President is published for the information of the Army:

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

In the long and bloody war in which your country is engaged you have achieved many noble triumphs. You have won glorious victories over vastly more numerous hosts. You have cheerfully borne privations and toil to which you were unused. You have readily submitted to restraints upon your individual will that the citizen might better perform his duty to the state as a soldier. To all these you have lately added another triumph-the noblest of human conquests-a victory over yourselves.

As the time drew near when you who first entered the service might well have been expected to claim relief from you arduous labors and restoration to the endearments of home you have heeded only the call of your suffering country. Again you come to tender your service for the public defense a free offering, which only such patriotism as yours could make-a triumph worthy of you and of the cause to which you are devoted.

I would in vain attempt adequately to express the emotions with which I receive the testimonials of confidence and regard which you have recently addressed to me. To some of those first received separate acknowledgments were returned. But it is now apparent that a like generous enthusiasm pervades the whole Army, and that the only exception to such magnanimous tender will be of those who, having originally entered for the war, cannot display anew their zeal in the public service. It is, therefore, deemed appropriate, and, it is hoped, will be equally acceptable, to make a general acknowledgment, instead of successive special responses. Would that it were possible to render my thanks to you in person, and in the name of our common country as well as in my own while pressing the hand of each war-worn veteran to recognize his title to our love, gratitude, and admiration.

