
service to the people of that section of the State if such an object could be accomplished. These men have in various instances banded together and committed serious depredations upon good citizens. They pillage, plunder, and steal horses and everything else that is of any use to them. In fact, they are a terror to the people. Last spring they burned the court-house at Elba, in Coffee [County], and murdered four of the best citizens of that county. They have also murdered several of the best citizens of Dale County. In some parts of that country it is exceedingly dangerous for a loyal men to travel.

As to Captain Brown, I have been well acquainted with him for years, and take pleasure in saying that I know of no one better fitted than him for such an undertaking. He is an experienced officer, bold, firm, intelligent, and of unswerviing integrity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES N. ARRINGTON,

Solicitor of the Eighth Circuit.

P. S. -I should have added that Judge Cochran, the judge of the circuit, stated to me the he would not hold court in Coffee and Dale Counties unless he is protected by the military. He has not held court in those counties for the last two years.

J. N. A.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., Januaray 30, 1865.

Major Gen. JONES M. WITHERS:

SIR: Inclosed I send you a letter written by Judge Yelverton, of Elba, Coffee County, upon the subject of authorizing Captain J. C. Brown to organize a battalion or regiment of men who are and have been for some time out of the reach of the Government as deserters and skulkers. I write this to say to you that I was the solicitor of the circuit embracing Coffee County, by virtue of my offiice as attorney-general, for near twenty years before the commencement of the war, and am now and have been since the war posted on the condition of things in that section, and am perfectly satisfied you could not do a better thing for that portion of the country and the advancement of our cause there than to confer the authority sought for by Captain Brown and his friends. No set of men were stronger for secession and more loyal at the commencement of the war than many of those men who are now deserters. What private griefs they have to take their present status I know not, except they are generally poor men, and there was much difficulty in the way of having their families provided for in their absence. This, added to the fact that they were assigned to companies in the service not of their choice, and the fact that they resided near the coast of Florida, from whence were occasional raids by the enemy, partly prompted them to take the position as deserters. Considering that they had perhaps forfeited their lives, and their characters ruined, many of them, I understand, have been giving the enemy not only aid an comfort, but actually fighting against us. Many of them desire to return if they can be allowed to join in an organization by Captain Brown, whom they all know. He lives among them, and they know him well, and know that he is a high-minded, brave, ad generous man. That section has suffered much in the loss of some of our best citizens by the hands of the Yankees, aided by these deserters. These men will never go back to

