
their old organization if they can help it; and if they are not brought in in this way we will not only lose that number from our ranks, but will have them fighting against us. You may hudge of the exposed condition of the country in that section when I tell you that I understand from the solicitor of the circuit now, J. N. Arrington, esq., that the presiding judge of that circuit refuses to hold the courts down there unless he has a military escort to protect him against, the deserters and skulkers. That judge is the Hon. John Cochran, whom you know-a man not likely to ask for anything of that sort unless there was real danger. If this authority is given Captain Brown I have no doubt he can induce several hundred to return to our ranks, enough to defend that section and some sent elsewhere. These deserters are frequently betwen eighteen and forty-five, stout and healthy, brave, and understand the use of fire-arms. I hope you may grant the authority requested. I have not the least doubt that those higher in authority than yourself would approved the project if the understood the facts of the case thoroughly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. BALDWIN,

Attorny-General of Alabama.

[Inclosure.]

COFFEE, January 15, 1865.

Colonel M. A. BALDWIN:

DEAR SIR: Our mutual friend, Captain J. C. Brown, visits General Withers on business very important. He has on foot a project for bringing in and organizing a battalion or regiment of men who are and have long been out of reach of the Government-deserters, skulkers, &amp;c. Captain B[rown] received from Major-General Withers authority to accept them, organize them, &c., and by the time he got to work was ordered off to Pollard, Mobile, &c., but has now 100 in readiness, with full assurance of all that is out down this way and to the coast-2,000 or more-if he can so fortified as to assure them that he can hold and command them, not have them sent off in every direction. They are tired of the woods and swamps, and could be made good soldiers if they can be humored, and without it they are lost. Brown could gradually work them into any service required. He is the man for it. They feara and respect him. Go with him to General Withers and do all you can. It will aid the Government and rid the country of a continual terror, and, I think, stop desertion and hiding out down this way. Many of them, [who]

have been highly respectable, ran off and aid out after supporting the Government, serving in the field, and putting in substitutes, and feel that they were badly treated. Many, too, who have been for months with the Yankees, can be reclaimed. If General W[ithers] has not authority, get him to make application to the War Department. It will not do for Brown to go any further without Government authority. His life and property would be open to them. They have been told that it is a trap set for them, and many have threatened him if it fails. I hope it may be arranged safely. Captain B[rown] is well worthy of the promotion, and can easily succeed if permitted. He is yet suffering from his wound and on furlough.

Respectfully,

G. T. YELVERTON.

