
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

January 30, 1865.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I have the honor to inclose and submit to your consideration a letter* addressed to the Commissary-General by Major Noland, urging the necessity of supplying gold or U. S. Treasury notes for the purchase of supplies. Having informed the Commissary-General that the resources of the Treasury did not admit of the payment of specie in satisfaction of requisitions, he requested that the whole matter might be referred to you as one of "vital and immediate importance. " In the meantime several cargoes of commissary stores have been received at Charleston, and contracts have been made for the introduction of supplies at other points through the enemy's lines, to be paid for in cotton.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., January 31, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the President, to forward for your attention and the proper action a copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 30th instant, as follows:

Resolved, that the President be respectfully requested to communicate to this House: First, the number of soldiers from each State added to the military service by enrollment, volunteering, or otherwise since the enactment of the act of April 16, 1862, commonly known as the "conscript act; " second, the number of those within the conscript age, exempt, or detailed, discriminating as to the classes of each, in each State; third, the number of those within the ages of eighteen and forty-five years not disabled or unfit for active service in the field who are employed in the respectiive States in executing the law of conscription, or in connection with post commissaries and post quartermasters, or otherwise in derogation of existing laws.

Very respectfully,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 31, 1865.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolution of the Senate, referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President of the Confederate States be requested to communicate, to the Senate the information asked for in the resolution of the Senate adopted on the 17th day of November last as to the number of persons in each State exempted from military service by reason of being claimed as State officers, and also the further information in response to the resolutions of the Senate of the 9th day of November last as to the number of exemptions and details for express, telegraphic, and railroad compaanies, &amp;c., which the chief of the Bureau of Conscription stated in his letter communicated to the Senate in partial response to said resolutions was then being procured.

---------------

*See R. W. N. Noland to B. P. Noland (wiith indorsement), January 20, p. 1031.

---------------

