
Recapitulation. -White men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five (except officers), 3,691; slaves, 2,245.

Very respectfully,

J. GORGAS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

RICHMOND, VA., February 3, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to your resolution of the 25th ultimo I herewith transmit a communication from the Secretary of the Navy covering copies of his correspondence with the Governor of North Carolina relative to "coals of the steamer Advance. "

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 31, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: In response to the following resolution of the House of Representatives, viz-

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to transmit to this House copies of the correspondence between the Secretary of the Navy and the Governor of North Carolina touching the seizure of the coals f the steamer Advance by officers of the Navy Department-

Referred by you to this Department for attention, I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of my letters of the 28th of December last and 28th instant to Governor Vance and his reply of the 3d instant to the first-named letter, with accompanying papers. *

My last communication to Governor Vance was delayed by the causes therein stated.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, December 28, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Confident that you will be pleased to correct any error of statement into which you may have been inadvertently led, I beg leave to invite your attention to the following extracts from your recent message, and to the subjoined copies of official papers upon the subjects to which the extracts refer:

After losses by detention, the surrender of cargo space, &amp;c., of not less than $200,000 in gold, I regret also to have to announce the loss of the steamer Advance during the month of September. This noble vessel, the pride of the State and benefactor of our soldiers and people, was captured by the enemy after she had successfully made her way through the blockade squadron, in consequence of the seizure of her coal for the use of the cruiser Tallahassee, compelling her to put

---------------

*For Vance to Mallory, January 3, 1865, with inclosed certificates of O'Reilly and Harris, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, pp. 1006, 1157. For Savage to Murray, also inclosed, see p. 905, ante. For Mallory to Vance, January 28, 1865, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1156.

---------------

