
[Inclosure No. 2.]

OFFICE COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, January 25, 1865.

Private H. G. HUMPHRIES,

Enrolling Officer, Mobile, Ala.:

I am directed by the commandant (Alabama) to acknowledge receipt of your letter of January 20, and to state that this office has no control of a youth under seventeen. They cannot be mustered into service except in the manner provided for by article 1402, Army Regulations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WRAGG,

First Lieutenant and Assistant-Adjutant.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS,

Montgomery, Ala., December 6, 1864.

It having been brought to the notice of this office that in some instances [orders] have been given to parties under seventeen years of age to report to the Army, enrolling officers are instructed that they have no authority over any party under seventeen or over fifty years of age, and that any action on their part in regard to such parties, except in cases specially directed, is unauthorized and forbidden.

By order of H. C. Lockhart, lieutenant-colonel and commandant for Alabama:

G. A. CARY,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 6, 1865.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have received information from numerous citizens of Burke County that certain persons profess to have authority from the Confederate Government to distill grain into whisky in that county, and that they have and now are buying up grain at high prices for that purpose. The citizens from whom I receive this information represent that grain is very scarce in that section of the State, and that the families of soldiers and the poor and needy will require all the surplus which can be spared from the Army. It is also stated that the whisky when so distilled is to be converted into vinegar, and is not to be used for hospital purposes. I am informed that it has bene urged upon the Confederate authorities, as a reason for granting such privilege, that large quantities of pork can be raised from the swill of these distilleries, but surely such a reason could not influence their action. If the object is to raise pork, it can be much better effected by feeding the grain directly to the swine. Knowing as I do the wants of the community whose interest is thus to be affected, I most earnestly insist that if such permission has been granted it be immediately revoked.

With sentiments of much respect, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

