
feeling in this State is most lamentably despondent. The old Unionists and reconstructionist (mostly of the Douglas faction) have seized on late reverses and been most active in charging them all on the President as their author, in having removed General Johnston. The straggling, scattered, undisciplined, disorganized condition and consequent lawless conduct of the Army of Tennessee in passing through the State has unfortunately added much to isloyal efforts to increase despondency, spread discontent, and organize opposition to the Government and to the continue of the war. Deserters and stragglers by the hundreds are now scattered broadcast throughout this State, and such is the state of public sentiment that in half the counties in the State they can remain with impunity. It is my opinion that life and efficiency infused into the reserve forces by giving to them capable officers, and energy, impartiality, and strict integrity imparted to and exacted of every one engaged in the conscript service, will go far toward correcting the evils now existing. I do not know what authority, if any, I have in the removal and changing of officers engaged in conscripting. I have sought information on the subject, but none has been given. Had I the power I should deem it my duty to exercise it promptly in several cases. Under existing circumstances I should deem it advisable to change even the commandant of conscripts for the State, Lieutenant-Colonel Lockhart, and replace him with some Alabama officer of known experience and established integrity, who would have a home influence to sustain him. Colonel Charles Forsyth, of the Third Alabama Regiment, now of the Army of Virginia, has the qualifications for the position, and would, besides, be sustained by a political influence once of controlling power over those who are now busy in disseminating disloyal sentiments. There is something wrong in the working of the conscript system in this State. The feeling of our best and most intelligent citizens in this county and in the majority of the counties of the state is that there is neither the proper energy nor fair dealing. I have endeavored to sift the matter time and again, and although entirely unsuccessful in developing corruption, yet the surrounding would render full confidence impossible. This suggested to me the propriety of regular and frequent changes. New brooms are said to sweep clean, and I know new enrolling officers manifest most energy.

Please excuse my writing so much, and when your leisure permits, write me as to the authority I am expected to exercise in the matters referred to, and whether, without detriment to the service, Colonel C. Forsyth can be ordered to report to me for assignment to duty as suggested.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. M. WITHERS.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 22, 1865.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR:

Please note remarks of General W[ithers] in regard to changing officers, &amp;c., and inform me of the rule under existing laws and orders.

J. C. B.,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Under the existing laws the commander of reserves has no power to make any changes in officers-none whatever. (The act of Congress

