
of 17th of February, 1864.) The companies and regiments composed of reserves are to be organized under regulations to be made by the President, and have the right to elect their own officers. Officers in the conscription service are appointed by the President. The officers provided for by the law are commandants of conscripts and drillmasters. All other officers are assigned for duty to the regiments, and are generally disabled as supernumerary officers. When such officers are assigned generally to commander of reserves he can assign them to duty. The commanders of conscripts are appointed by the Department upon the recommendation of the Bureau.

[J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.]

[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 28, 1865.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR:

Under present regulations and orders I am not informed whether the commandant of reserves has the power to make changes in the officers of the conscription service in his State. Please consider this point also.

J. C. B.,

Secretary of War.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Colonel Lockhart has the character, and no doubt property, of being an efficient and capable officer. Colonel Forsyth has a command in the Army, and it would not be consistent with the usage to transfer him to conscription service. My own opinion is, and it is corroborated by that of others, that he has no ability to discharge the duties of commander of conscripts. He is quite a young man, of no large experience in the management of business and has not that knowledge of law and of the orders and regulations of the conscription business that is required.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 4.
 Richmond, February 8, 1865.

I. Commanders of armies, departments, or districts will enforce the following act of Congress in all sections in which the enemy may be advancing. They will hold subordinate officers charged with the duty of carrying out its provisions responsible for its proper execution:

AN ACT to regulate the destruction of property under military necessity, and to provide for the indemnity thereof.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the military authorities of the Confederate Army are hereby authorized and directed to destroy cotton, tobacco, military and naval stores, or other property of any kind whatever, which may aid the enemy in the prosecution of the war, when necessary to prevent the same, or any part thereof, from falling into the hands of the enemy.

* * * * *

Approved March 17, 1862.

