
and beneficial relation can exist between labor and capital; still I think that this contest has proven that in a military sense it is an element of weakness, and the teachings of Providence as exhibited in this war dictate conclusively and imperatively that to secure and perpetuate our independence we the negro.

P. S. -We should then get rid of the only impediment in the way of an exchange of prisoners, thus getting 30,000 or 40,000 more men in the field.

I have given you what I conceive to be the only solution to our difficulties. How to effect this is a serious difficulty. Men are reluctant-in fact it might be imprudent to discuss this thing publicly, but we know that in great crises men think and act rapidly or at least should do so. If Congress could be convinced of the correctness of this course they could, in convention with the Governors of the States, devise some method by which conventions of the States should be held and the necessary measures adopted; first by law of Congress, if necessary, provide for paying the owners for them. I have not found a single slave-holder with whom I have conversed but is willing to submit to the measure if deemed necessary by the proper authorities. Indeed, I have no doubt of the power of Congress as a military necessity to impress all of the able-bodied male negroes and pay for them, giving them their freedom, and providing for paying for the rest upon the condition of manumission, but the other course would be least objectionable. We burn as individual's cotton, corn, or meat to keep it from the enemy, so we can take his negro man and set him free to keep him from recruiting the enemy's Army.

I have written you this much hoping it may aid you in some way. I have shown what I have written to no one, nor communicated my intentions to any one. If you think what I have written worth anything, make what use of it you choose. If not, just stick it between the bars of your grate. What I have written is with an honest endeavor to aid you in guiding our ship through the perils and darkness which surround her, and from no feeling of dissatisfaction or distrust as to yourself, for you have all my sympathies and all of my trust and confidence.

With diffidence and the warmest admiration and respect, I remain your friend,

J. H. STRINGFELLOW.

P. S. -Written very hurriedly and with no effort at arrangement, but only as "food for thought. "

J. H. S.

I opened the envelope to say that my communication was written before I heard of the return of our commissioners, and that I am more than sustained by their report and the action of the Yankee Congress on the slavery question, and now we have only to decide on or between emancipation for our independence or subjugation and emancipation, coupled with negro equality or superiority, as our enemies may elect.

J. H. S.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of War.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

