
shoes, blankets, &amp;c., can be obtained. Articles specifically contraband under Federal Treasury Regulations will have either to be smuggled in through this trade or introduced by extraordinary inducements along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts. Arrangements are already in progress to secure lead, saltpeter, sheet copper, leather, &c., along the Florida coast.

In view of these facts I would respectfully recommend that proper guns and works be placed at Georgetown, S. C., at the mouth of the Santee River, and at Saint Mark's and Apalachicola, Fla., that an engineer officer by designated to examine upper inlets or places on the coast where vessels may enter, and to provide protection for them; that the Quartermaster-General be instructed to direct his officers to furnish transportation for cotton and supplies when called upon by the agents of this Bureau.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., February 9, 1865.

Hon. JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to the circular of the 7th instant from your office I have the honor to submit the following report:

By recent instructions the superintendent of conscription has (on authority of the War Department) directed that all disabled men detailed from the Army of Northern Virginia should be returned for such duty as they may be able to perform in the field.

Objections cannot reasonably be made to this, provided the men not found equal to any duty in the field be returned to the same hospital from which they have been taken. But by Circular No. 35, of December 2, 1864, from the Bureau of Conscription, generals of reserves are directed (on the authority of the War Department) to organize for certain local service "all men found for light duty and not otherwise assigned and actually employed," which deprives the Medical Department of the opportunity to replace with conscripts found for light duty the detailed men relieved from duty in the time for hospital attendants. The hospitals cannot be properly conducted without a liberal allowance of white attendants, and it is recommended that Circular No. 35, of 1864, from the Bureau of Conscription be modified so as to permit either conscripts found for light duty, or reserves over forty-five years of age, to be assigned as hospital attendants.

Under the authority of law embodied in General Orders, No. 69, of 1863, and No. 25, of 1864, soldiers sick or wounded, and likely to remain unfit for military duty for sixty days, are furloughed.

It is undoubtedly humane to furlough these men, but the practice is wholly inconsistent with preserving and maintaining an army. Many of the men are lost sight of and never return. It is recommended that the law be repealed. Furloughs should only be authorized by orders to be granted as circumstances may demand.

68 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

