
out by delivering goods at cost price, with 50 per cent. added to cover all risks and charges to time of delivery, the cotton in payment for same to be furnished to contractor at 30 cents per pound in the same currency as the original invoices.

D. C. G.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, February 15, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that the facilities asked in behalf of the State of Alabama be granted, at least as to existing contracts held by the State. The supplies will be needed, and this department has always aimed to avail of State credit and resources abroad. The specific prices stated prior to the adoption of the port regulations in which cotton was expended at 10 per pound.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 18, 1865.

Referred to Lieutenant-General Taylor.

Authority is given to Lieutenant-General Taylor to grant proper authority to the officers of the State of Alabama to carry into effect the objects of this letter, taking the precaution necessary to prevent any abuse of the license he may grant.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

MONTGOMERY, March 19, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Surget, assistant adjutant-general, who [will] issue necessary instructions to protect supplies introduced for use of State of Alabama, under the within authority, special application to be made for exportation of cotton in each case.

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 10, 1865. -For Smith to Davis, in reference to an organization of frontier State troops in Texas, wholly under control of the State authorities (with inclosures), see Series I, VOL. XLVIII, Part I, p. 1373.]

RICHMOND, February 11, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: When Secretary Johnson, of Missouri, and myself waited on you a few days since in relation to the prospect of annoying and harass-

