
ing the enemy be means of burning their shipping, towns, &amp;c., there were several remarks made by you upon the subject that I was not fully prepared to answer, but which, upon subsequent conference with parties proposing the enterprise, I find cannot apply as objections to the scheme.

First. The combustible material consists of several preparations and not one alone, and can be used without exposing the party using them to the least danger of detection whatever. The preparations are not in the hands of McDaniel, but are in the hands of Professor McCulloh, and are known but to him and one other party, as I understand.

Second. There is no necessity for sending persons in the military service into the enemy's county; but the work may be done by agenst, and in most cases by persons ignorant of the facts, and therefore innocent agents.

I have seen enough of the effects that can be produced to satisfy me that in most cases without any danger to the parties engaged, and in other but very slight, we can (1) burn every vessel that leaves a foreign port for the United States; (2) we can burn every transport that leaves the harbor of New York or other Northern port with supplies for the armies of the enemy in the South; (3) burn every transport and gun-boat on the Mississippi River, as well as devastate the country of the enemy, and fill his people with terror and consternation.

I am not alone of this opinion, but many other gentlemen are as fully and thoroughly impressed with the conviction as I am. I believe we have the means at our command, if promptly appropriated and energetically applied, to demoralize the Northern people in a very short time. For the purpose of satisfying your mind upon the subject, I respectfully, but earnestly, request that you will have an interview with General Harris, formerly a member of Congress from Missouri, who, I think, is able, from conclusive proofs, to convince you that what I have suggested is perfectly feasible and practicable. The deep interest I feel for the success of our cause I this struggle and the conviction of the importance of availing ourselves of every element of defense must be my excuse for writing you and requesting you to invite General Harris to see you. If you should see proper to do so, please signify the time when it will be convenient for you to see him.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. OLDHAM.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1865.

Secretary of State, at his convenience, please see General Harris and learn what plan he has for overcoming the difficulty heretofore experienced.

J. D.

[FEBRUARY 11, 1865. -For Benjamin to Lee, in relation to a proposal to send to the trenches slaves who might volunteer to fight for their freedom, &c., see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1229.]

