
"Willard," and also by striking out any words of respect or praise in my first letter, qualifying the words "Captain Pinkney," as not applicable to the word "Willard," for I should as greatly regret the waste of civility on the latter as I do the unintentional or mistaken application of any censure to the former.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 14, 1865.

PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolution of the House of Representatives referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to inform this House-

First. As to t he number of iron furnaces and forges worked in the year 1864 by officers and agents of the Government, and on Government account.

Second. As to the cost per ton of pig, bloom, and box iron, respectively, at such furnaces and forges.

Third. As to the number of iron furnaces and forges worked in the same time by the proprietors under contract with the Government, and the different kinds of contract so made.

Fourth. As to thee cost per ton of pig, bloom, and box iron delivered to the Government under such contracts.

In response I have the honor to transmit herewith a report from the chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau containing the information called for by the House. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 6.
 Richmond, February 14, 1865.

I. The inspector-general of field transportation is authorized to receive from citizens animals suitable for the public service, and the issue to the persons from whom they are received certificates pledging the Government of the Confederate States to return to them, or their assigns, animals of like quality after the termination of the war with the United States.

II. Brigadier Gen. Gideon J. Pillow is constituted Commissary-General of Prisoners, and will enter at once upon his duties, as designated in paragraphs I, II, and III, General Orders, No. 84, 1864:

III. In the impressment of labor for twelve months, under the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, all slaves hired in Government shops and yards, and for other local purposes, to Government officers and agents, or to railroad companies, or contractors with the Government, will be assessed only in the same proportion as the other slaves on whom the assessment for the balance of the quota of the county or district shall be made. Persons who have hired their slaves to Government officers or agents, or contractors, or to railroad companies, will be assessed only on the number of their slaves not so hired.

IV. Mechanics, artisans, &amp;c., of the Ordnance Department, employed at the various armories, arsenals, and depots, as shown by the monthly rolls of hired men on the 31st of December, 1864, will not be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

