
interfered with by enrolling officers, whether their details have or have not been renewed, provided such details have been applied for. The certificate of the commanding officer of the arsenal or depot will be accepted as evidence of the fact of application of renewal of detail.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA. No. 38.
 Charleston, S. C., February 14, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. By order of Adjutant and Inspector General, Lieut. Colonel J. G. Tucker, commanding First Foreign Battalion, will recruit his command from the prisoners of war. He will increase each company of his regiment to 125 men.

In making his selection he will take only men of Irish and French nationality. These men will be used for engineering service.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FEILDEN,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 7.
 Richmond, February 16, 1865.

I. The following act of Congress is published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to amend the act to provide an Invalid Corps, approved February 17, 1864.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the provisions of the said act be, and they are hereby, extended to all non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of the Army, and seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys of the Navy, and the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of the Marine Corps, who have heretofore resigned or been discharged honorably, or who may hereafter resign or be discharged honorably from the service, in ignorance of the above-recited act.

SEC. 2. That the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may, and he is hereby, authorized to reappoint to their former rank meritorious disabled commissioned officers of the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps, who may have resigned their commissions in ignorance of, or prior to the passage of the act of the 17th of February, 1864, tow which this is an amendment; and in that event, the persons so reappointed shall be put in the Invalid Corps on the same terms, and with like privileges, as those constitution said corps, in pursuance of said act to which this is an amendment: Provided, however, That the President shall make no reappointment under this act, unless the person applying therefor shall have a certificate of one of the medical examining boards of his continued disability; and any such officer assigned to active duty shall rank from the date of such assignment to active duty: Provided, That from and after the passage of this act, the compensation of retired officers shall be half pay, without any other emoluments or allowances, unless while assigned to duty, when they shall receive the full pay and allowances appropriate to their rank.

Approved January 27, 1865.

II. Disabled officers of the Army, who resigned their commissions in ignorance of, or prior to, the passage of the act "to provide an Invalid Corps," and soldiers honorably discharged from the service prior to that time, may appear for examination before any one of the medical examining boards established by law, upon presenting their

