
removing them from less important roads should be given and enforced by the commanders of armies and departments, who are evidently the best prepared to judge and act. Orders from the War Department must be executed under the provisions of the law regulating impressments. Orders from commanders under military necessity can be at once carried into effect.

Fourth. Labor. The great part of the labor connected with the engineer operations has been performed by fatigue parties, by engineer troops, by a limited number of details for mechanical service, and by negroes hired and impressed; but from all these sources the supply has been inadequate. A better and more permanent organization of negro labor is demanded for military and civil engineer service to the extent of about 29,000 men (7,000 being for the Trans-Mississippi Department), not including those needed as teamsters and cooks for the workshops and other local service.

It has been made the duty of the Bureau by General Orders, No. 86, 1864, to organize all the slave labor called under act approved 17th of February, 1864, for service with our armies, and officers have been appointed to attend to the same.

But up to this time the number of slaves impressed by conscript officers and delivered for organization is small, and I fear that unless the impressments are made more rapidly than heretofore that this labor, so essential, will not be available in time. The organization will be made as rapidly as the negroes are received. There will be required a number of men, chiefly from the reserve forces, as directors, superintendents, managers, and overseers, a part of whom will be considered as engaged in the engineer service.

In addition to the foregoing the details of about 1,700 able-bodied men (400 being from the Trans-Mississippi Department) is required. A large proportion of these necessary details has already been made by local commanders, and the men are constantly and fully employed.

It is hoped that the foregoing statement furnishes, approximately at lest, the information desired.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Bureau.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, February 16, 1865.

Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In response to your circular of the 7th instant calling for a statement of the "means and resources on hand for carrying on the business of this Bureau," &amp;c. ; also "what impediment exist," &c., I have the honor to call your attention to the following papers:

First. A statement prepared by Major Cole in reference too the requirements of the service as to field transportation and the means necessary for meeting the demand. This paper shows the great scarcity of horses in the country and the difficulty of procuring them, together with the measures being adopted for the purpose. The great obstacle at present is the want of funds.

Second. A statement from Major Cross relative to the supply of clothing, present and prospective. The difficulties encountered in this

