
I was procuring such supplies for General Johnston's army. The number estimated be me at that time to be necessary must be largely increased by reason of the losses sustained in General Hood's campaign in Tennessee.

In May last I dispatched an officer to General E. K. Smith, commanding Department Trans-Mississippi, with letters to him announcing our necessities, and urging him to send us a portion of the animals which he was reported to have captured from the Federal Army, and asking that funds might be furnished and permission granted to animals to be sent over this side. In both I was disappointed, and in August following I suggested the plan, since adopted and sought to be executed, of procuring a large number of animals from Mexico. Owing to the delays in procuring the funds, and from the fact that non one has yet been selected to proceed to Texas in charge of the operation to be undertaken, we cannot expect to receive a first installment from Mexico under three or four months; and even should General Smith consent to furnish us any out of his supply (which I have again asked him for), we cannot receive them before about the middle of March, and to obtain any at all now within the periods named a proper officer must be in Texas to conduct business.

I have also proposed that I shall be provided with necessary means and authority to procure supplies and animals from the enemy's lines, which I have every reason to feel assured can be done to a large extent. I am informed by my officers (certainly reliable) that horses and mules can be obtained, deliverable in Mississippi, payable in cotton, on the following terms, viz: First-class artillery horses for 600 pounds of cotton, second class for 500 pounds, and third class for 400 pounds; but too do this may officers must have the cotton in hand, so as to receive the animals and deliver the cotton at such times and places as opportunity offers. In Virginia the prices asked, payable in gold, is, for first class, $60, and it is thought that 2,000 can be obtained in that way. The number that can be had in Mississippi in a space of two or three months is put down at 2,000. I have before informed you that, according to my information, there will be allowed to keep as essential to their operations. I estimate the supply to be obtained from all sources (provided I am furnished means) not to exceed 5,000 animals on this side of the Mississippi. This leaves a deficit of 5,500 to fill my estimate. If the horses are not supplied the military operations are checked and may be frustrated. If the conduct of their agricultural operations there must be a corresponding reduction of supplies of food for man and horse.

Convinced as I am that the best and only means of procuring the needed supply of animals are those that I have indicated; feeling deeply the pressure of the demands made and to be made on me to furnish such supplies; dreading the consequences of a failure to meet such calls, and fearful that I may be exposed to censure for such failure, I respectfully urge that I may be immediately p ut in possession of the necessary means to carry into effect the plans for providing the animals needed, than which I confess myself unable to suggest any other; or that, in case it shall be decided that my plans are

