
made for construction and repairs of railroads necessary for military purposes, to be applied to such works as the future exigencies of the war shall indicate to be most essential.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

[FEBRUARY 18, 1865. -For Gordon to Lee, in relation to enlistment of negroes as soldiers, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 1063.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 20, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I submit herewith to your Honorable body a report from the Secretary of War, dated the 18th instant,* exhibiting the condition to which the public service is now reduced by the want of means in the Treasury to furnish the supplies needful for the Army and for the public defense. The urgency for the passage of some revenue bill has now become so pressing as to threaten the gravest consequences. I am fully aware of the embarrassments which have retarded the action of the House in the performance of its exclusive constitutional function of originating a bill for raising revenue, and that the great diversity of opinion which must exist on so complex and difficult a subject has prevented the adoption of measures recommended by the Committee of Ways and Means of the House, as well as of those recommended by the Secretary of the Tresury. I would, however, respectfully suggest that our affairs are now in a position so critical that objections which under other circumstances would be regarded as insurmountable may well be waived in favor of any scheme of finance or taxation that will enable the Treasury promptly to meet our most pressing wants, and that immediate legislation, even if somewhat imperfect, is preferable to wiser measure if attended with delay.

In connection with this subject I would invoke your attention to the need of prompt action for adding to our strength in the field. Very few weeks now remain for preparation, and we are threatened by a concentration of forces around us which cannot be successfully resisted without the aid of large re-enforcements to our armies.

It is with trust in your wisdom and patriotism that I obey the behest of the Constitution in placing before you this information of the state of the country, confident that you will need no further stimulus than knowledge of these facts to induce such action as will avert the perils which now menace our country.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

LYNCHBURG, February 20, 1865.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The subject of an adequate supply of food and clothing for the Army and people is one of the most important now forced upon the consideration of the country. We are cut off from foreign supplies, and although blessed with a fertile soil and an abundance of raw material, we find ourselves unable to utilize these blessings from

---------------

*See p. 1094.

---------------

