
the want of skilled labor and machinery for converting them to useful purpose, so that in the midst of plenty we are in want. The enemy have systematically destroyed all the agricultural implements and manufacturing machinery wherever they have gone, believing that we have not the skill or energy to reproduce them. This state of affairs arises from the lamentable indifference which we showed to such matters before the war, relying on others to furnish us with much of our food, all the mans for producing it, and nearly all of our clothing. As nearly the whole world have shown themselves our enemies in this great contest, it is to be hoped that we will learn to provide be supplies in a reasonable length of time? Having had much experience in such matters in Europe and America, I reply, with proper energy and liberal action on the part of the Government it can. I have already arranged for the manufacture of spinning machinery and looms of a simple and cheap pattern; also agricultural implements, such as are most needed, and now ask for the sympathy and approval of Government in enabling me to extend the sphere of usefulness.

Another view may be taken of this subject. The depreciation of the currency has gone on to such an extent that in many places it has lost its purchasing power, thereby compelling resort to impressment, and as a direct consequence thereof leasing production. As the value of Treasury notes decreases, the expenses of the Government proportionately increase, and if this continues the time must come when they will be totally valueless unless some assistance can be obtained in reducing the necessity for their use in obtaining supplies without the system of impressment, so objectionable to our people. If some medium of exchange or barter between the people and the Government approximating nearer the value of specie than Treasury notes do can be found, of which the later have control, and the former used, much relief mareasury Department, and a healthy state of trade re-established, resulting in increased production, and doing away with the necessity for impressment-the curse of the country. There is on particularly suited, sufficiently compressed in bulk, and of high value, and will admit of comparatively easy and cheap transportation from point to point. Cotton yarns are needed by the people for manufacturing clothing, for which they will readily exchange the products of their farms, on a specie basis. The Government holds a large amount of cotton, which is now dead capital. It also controls or can control the products of the factories. Let it then exchange on a liberal basis with the factories cotton for yarns and cloth, and if needs be seize all of the cotton for such purposes. Then exchange those yarns with the people for agricultural products. But the supply of yarns or cloth from the factories now in operation would not be sufficient to supply the demand for both Army and people. More machinery must be put in operation, under some well-regulated system, so that the whole country may become one great manufactory. The Government must, therefore, encourage the establishment of more factories by stimulating the manufacture of machinery, and induce the people to weave more clothe than they need for their own use, and exchange the same for some articles which the Government may have and that they need-

Treasury notes or even specie. In this way the necessity for the use of Treasury notes may be reduced to the smallest possible limits, and by judicious taxation the circulation be rapidly reduced, and along with it the expenses of the Government.

