
In order to carry out this system, I propose, first, the removal of all factories, or their most valuable machinery, to safe points near the base of the mountain ranges, where water-power is abundant and approaches by the enemy difficult. Next, the establishment of small factories at various point of like character. Around these, as centers, the women of our country, who have been deprived of all and driven from their homes by the enemy, could be collected the wives and daughters of soldiers and others in indigent circumstances. There they would not be likely to be distributed by the enemy. Being thus distributed, could be much more easily fed, and escape the demoralizing influence of large cities, and the country be greatly benefitted by their labor, which would be light and highly remunerative to them, thereby leasing suffering at home, and consequently decreasing discontent in the Army. So situated, no one raid of the enemy could inflict irreparable injury to the country. Cotton would be near at hand, labor abundant, and the necessity for the transportation of food and material to and from great centers of trade and manufacture greatly reduced. I propose, also, to furnish to the women of the country generally yarns, and a simple and cheap pattern of looms, taking pay for the same in cloth made by them. This system, once inaugurated under a properly organized bureau of industry, would save every department a vast deal of trouble and expense, and in a short time almost every house in the country would be contributing its weekly quota of cloth for the Army and people. I am aware that this system of barter has been adopted to a limited extent by some of the departments, but the supply has not been proportionate to the demand for the article most needed. What I now propose is, that it should be made a part of the governmental system, from which the most happy results would ensue:

First. A supply of food and clothing for the Army and people at or near a specie valuation.

Second. A new medium of exchange would be established between the Government and people at or nearer specie value than Treasury notes now are; thus the expenses of the Government, and consequwould be lessened, and the necessity for impressment, so objectionable to the people, almost entirely avoided.

Third. The utilization of the cotton now in the hands of the Government, rapidly deteriorating and being destroyed or captured by the enemy, and by reason of the closing of our ports, almost useless.

Fourth. The employment of the female labor of the country profitably and advantageously, thereby lessening distress at home and consequently discontent in the ranks in the field.

Fifth. The establishment of a great industrial system, which would be of immense advantage during the war and give us practical independence for all future time. I claim no great foresight for these suggestions, for they are called forth by the exigencies, although the principles of action contained therein have long been entertained; but I earnestly hope that they will receive due consideration by the Government, as the only means left to us of supplying our most pressing wants.

Under a firm conviction of the efficiency and practicability of the scheme, I have commenced the work, and earnestly ask for the sympathy and approval of the Government as necessary to its success. After an experience of twelve years, and a close study and observation of the industrial systems of Europe and America, aided by an intimate acquaintance with the resources of the South, I am prepared to say that the means necessary for the accomplishment of the ends

