
in view can be obtained, and I am ready to do all that I can in carrying the scheme to a practical success.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. McNEILL,

Civil and Mechanical Engineer.

RICHMOND, VA., February 21, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In rresponse to your resolution of the 30th ultimo I herewith transmit for your information a communication from the Secretary of War, relative to the accessions to the Army from each State since April 16, 1862; to the number of persons liaion who have been exempted or detailed, and to the number of those between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, and not unfitted for active service in the field, who are employed in the several States in the manner indicated in your inquiry.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 20, 1865.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolution of the House of Representatives, adopted on the 30th ultimo, and referred by Your Excellency to this Department for attention:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to communicate to this House-

First. The number of soldiers from each State added to the military service by enrollment, volunteering or otherwise, since the enactment of the act of April 16, 1862, commonly known as the "conscript act. "

Second. The number of those within the conscript age exempt or detailed, discriminating as to the classes of each in the State.

Third. The number of those within the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, not disabled or unfit for active service in the field, who are employed in the respective States in executing the law of conscription, or in connection with post commissaries and post quartermasters, or otherwise, in derogation of existing laws.

In response I have the honor to transmit herewith a report from the superintendent of conscription, containing the information called for by the House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, VA., February ---, 1865.

Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to invite your attention to the papers herewith inclosed, respectively marked A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, K, and L, in response to a call for information of the 30th ultimo by the House of Representatives of the Confederate States, by the following resolution, which was referred by you to this Bureau, with instructions to furnish the information required. *

---------------

*Resolution (here omitted) embodied in next, ante.

---------------

