
amount. The said funds, subject to the general approval of the Secretary of War, as aforesaid, shall be expended by the board of managers in the erection of such buildings, fixtures, and appurtenances as may be necessary, and in providing for such agricultural, horticultural, mechanical, or other employment or pursuit, as the wants of the institution or the comfort and recreation of the inmates may suggest. The said board shall, before the assembling of each regular session of Congress, submit a report of the condition and state of affairs of the institution to the Secretary of War, which it shall be his duty to communicate to Congress.

SEC. 3. The beneficiaries of said institution, who shall be entitled to become inmates of the same, shall be all commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musicians, and private soldiers and seamen who have been, or who hereafter may be, retired of discharged by reason of wounds or injuries received or disease contracted in the military or naval service of the Confederate States in the line of their duty during the pending war; and any person claiming the benefit of this act shall present his application in the manner prescribed by the board of mangers, and shall, if admitted, be subject to all the rules and regulations of the institution so long as he remains an inmate thereof. He shall, at the time of his admittance, deposit with such person as may be designated by the board of managers all certificates and other papers relating to his discharge from the service, and entitling him to future pay or compensation from the Government as a retired or discharged officer, soldier, or seaman, which said pay or compensation shall, during the time of his continuance in the institution, be paid by the disbursing officer making such payments to the treasurer of the institution, and shall constitute a part of the general fund of the same, except so much thereof as the board of managers may direct to be paid, from time to time, to the person in whose right it is received.

SEC. 4. Any beneficiary of said institution may discontinue his connection therewith at his option, and upon withdrawing from the same shall be entitled to withdraw, also, all certificates and other papers deposited by him at the time of his admittance, and shall be remitted to all the right and benefits secured thereby.

AN ACT to authorize the issue of certificates for interest on the "fifteen million loan. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause certificates to be issued, in such form as he shall devise, for the interest which has accrued, or which shall accrue, on the registered stock issued under authority of the act of February the twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled, "An act to raise money for the support of the Government, and to provide for the defense of the Confederate States of America. " The said certificates shall be prepared and signed by the Register of the Treasury, in favor of the persons, respectively, in whose names the said stock shall be standing on the books of the Treasury, or their order, at the designated periods, and shall be sent by him to the Treasurer, assistant treasurers and depositaries located at the places where said interest is payable. The said certificates shall be countersigned by the Treasurer, assistant treasurer, or depositary, by whom they shall be delivered; and shall be receivable in payment of export duty on cotton, in the same manner

