
S. 129. - Enrolled:

An act to provide for the employment of free negroes and slaves to work upon fortifications and perform other labor connected with the defenses of the country.

Passed the Senate February 18, 1865.

JAMES H. NASH,

Secretary.

Passed the House of Representatives February 18, 1865.

A. R. LAMAR,

Clerk.

I do hereby certify that this act did originate in the Senate.

JAMES H. NASH,

Secretary.

Presented to President February 28, 1865.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 28, 1865.

Mr. JOHN WHITE,

Commissioner of North Carolina:

(Care of A. Collie &amp; Co., 17 Leadenhall Street, London.)

DEAR SIR: You will before this reaches you have learned of the capture of Wilmington and the consequent stopPAGEof our blockade-running business. The course proper for you to pursue under the changed aspect of affairis has, I presume, suggested itself to you. Nothing remains but to close up our affairs as completely as possible and wait for a change. Our accounts in England, I suppose, can easily be reduced to shape, and what funds we have should be placed in safety to aid in the final adjustment of our indebtedness. Our goods on hand, whether in Europe or the islands, I leave you to dispose of in any way deemed best, consultiing Mr. Flanner and Mr. Collie. You may also relieve Mr. Flanner of his agency from this date, and will please reduce your own expenditures on State account as far as practicable. Not being able to export any more cotton, of course it becomes us to exercise the most rigid economy. There is upward of a thousand pounds sterling due us from the Confederate Government for freight brought in the Advance by Mr. Flanner, which I presume he forgot to collect whilst in this country. Please see him and try to get it. Major Walker, the Confederate agent at Bermuda, gave receipts for it. Mr. William Collie, who kindly bears this, will give you the military news. It is bad enough, God knows. Your family are well. I have received nothing from you since Halifax.

Yours, truly,

Z. B. VANCE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., March 1, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: The communication of Commander M. F. Maury, C. S. Navy, in explanation and recommendation of the newly introduced electromagnetic torpedo exploders, which was referred hither from your office

