
with indorsement recommending "that measures be taken to import some of these exploders with a supply of insulated wire," &amp; c., has been carefully considered.

The value of the new exploders in connection with the mining and torpedo service is acknowledged, but the difficulties of the blockade as well as of securing the necessary credit abroad will, it is feared, render impracticable the importation which was recommended.

The paper will be filed and the subject kept constantly before the attention of the Bureau, in the hope that circumstances may hereafter enable the Department to act successfully in the matter. It is proposed to use such material as is available for the purpose in the Confederacy, and as far as practicable in the manner suggested by Commander Maury.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. L. RIVES,

Colonel and Assistant to Chief Engineer.

(For and in the absence of Major Gen. J. F. Gilmer, Chief of Bureau.)

RICHMOND, VA., March 1, 1865.

General HOWELL COBB, or

Colonel WILILIAM M. BROWNE,

Augusta, Ga.:

Decipher and forward to Reverend Doctor Myers and Bishop Pierce, with my special regards:

Bishop GEORGE F. PIERCE, D. D.:

(Care of Reverend Doctor Myers, Augusta, Ga.)

Ministers of all denominations in Virginia have offered their services to the Government to address the people, encourage hearty support of the Government, moral firmness, and that faith which Christians may illustrate in such a cause. They are now in the field, and good is resulting. Last evening the President, in conversation with Dr. William A. Smith and myself, expressed the earnest desire that you would address the people of Georgia in the same spirit. We promised to telegraph you at once. Iif possible, Bishop, goo the people, and assure them that if they will but do their duty all will be well. The faith of the country must not give way.

WM. A. SMITH.

JAS. A. DUNCAN.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[MARCH 1, 1865. - For Breckinridge to Vance, in relation to desertions, and urging that every influence be invoked to revive a patriotic spirit, see Series I, VOL. XLVII, Part II, p. 1296.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 3, 1865.

Hon. WILLOUGHBY NEWTON,

Leeds, Westmoreland County, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your kind letter written January 6 was, after some lapse of time, received by me, and I reply now to thank you for your generous confidence and friendly encouragement in an hour when so many believed brave have faltered and so many esteemed true have fallen away. In such words and feelings as you extend to me I find the most gratifying reward for my labors in the public service. In

