
been so often signally displayed under his command, is a tribute well deserved by them, and should soften the disappointment they naturally feel. It is hoped that the mode proposed by him to replenish their ranks will relieve them from all apprehensions of the consolidation of regiments, and will enable them with restored numbers to raise still higher the pride their native State must feel in their achievements.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to authorize the Governor to call into the State service free persons of color.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened, That the Governor of this State be, and he is hereby, authorized to call into the service of the State all free men of color, resident in this State, between the ages of sixteen and fifty-five, not physically and mentally disabled, and to place them in such branches of the service as he may deem compatible with their civil status.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, &amp;c., That to effect this to Governor be authorized to adopt whatever system of enrollment he may deem most expedient.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, &c., That when said free persons of color shall have been called into the service they shall be subjected to the same rules and regulations and shall receive the same compensation as other persons in the same branches of the service.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, &c., That the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized to transfer said persons of color to the Confederate Government whenever the enrollment of said persons shall have been completed: Provided, Said persons of color shall be exempt from said service by putting an able-bodied slave in his place.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, &c., That this act shall take effect from and after its passage.

Approved February 11, 1864.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 20.
 Richmond, February 12, 1864.

The first paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 138, 1863, is modified by the omission of the words "in States in which provisions have not been made on this subject" (impressment of slaves); and clause 7 of the same order is so far modified as to allow the rate of compensation for slaves impressed under the act of 26th of March, 1863, to be established by appraisers appointed under that act; provided the price thus fixed does not exceed the sum prescribed by the law of the State in which such slaves are impressed.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

