
shielded by their families and by the sympathies of many communities. They form the numerical majorities in many localities. Under such circumstances nothing short of State institutions and stringent State laws, together with permanent and local means of enforcing these laws, can reach them. For this reason the courts should be local, and a force established which should be permanent and closely netted together throughout the Confederacy.

I suggest the creation of a force for this purpose and the use of the reserves as auxiliary. General Lee thinks a new force unnecessary, and that the reserves are sufficient, even without the aid of the civil arm, except by laws of disability. While I put youths of sixteen to seventeen in this force, I would of course transfer them at seventeen to their appropriate class - the reserves - the class General Lee proposes to use in this service. This does not keep them out of the Army; it is using them a year earlier in this duty. Not a man is kept from his due course to service in the active forces, but is, in fact, better prepared for it. The prime auxiliary I suggest to the use of the civil arm with its permanent force is precisely this reserve force, and General Orders, No. 8, current series, was prepared by me in view of that use of the reserve forces. If that force is properly organized and put permanently and exclusively on this duty, in connection with the civil agencies, it might be effectual without the creation of new forces; but unless it is made the permanent and sole duty, and that connection is rigidly maintained, I cannot think the reserves will be sufficient for the purposes. If the net-work is ever broken for a week by the reserves being called to other active service, whether local or general, although seemingly not inconsistent, the experience of the last six months convinces me that they will fail in this. Since September last the matter has been in the hands of the reserves, and fewer deserters, not only in proportion to the number, but absolutely, have been returned than while it was in charge of the meager and inappropriate conscription agencies.

I am confident General Lee is in error in supposing the reserve force will or can cure this evil. Desertion is as common in that organization as in the Army.

Adopt the State agencies in full, put the reserves in the condition General Lee suggests, and in addition let it be their sole duty, and there is great chance of good results. There is no organization which can be invented by which the reserves alone can effect the purpose.

My recommendation is intended to call to the service all available existing powers and create others applicable to it.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

P. S. - Beyond the means heretofore suggested there may be one other worthy of consideration. If Congress calls on the States to furnish quotas of troops let deserters returned by State agencies be counted in the respective quotas. Under well ascertained restrictions and limitiations this might be conceded with good effect; say, two, three, four, five, or more deserters returned be credited as one soldier, &amp; c.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I very much question whether the States would pass the laws recommended in this letter. Such legislation might add to the difficulties

