
War for the performance of those duties, and to get rid of officers offensive to the projectors of the law.

Whether or not my humble suggestions may be valuable for the public good, I am confident, general, you will give me credit for honest and unselfish zeal in making them.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[MARCH 5, 1865. - For Campbell to Breckinridge, in relation to the resources of the Confederate Government available for the approaching campaign, &amp; c., see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 1064.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 6, 1865.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I have this day approved and signed an act which originated in the Senate, entitled "An act (S. 117) to authorize the commanders of reserves in each State to order general courts-martial and to revise the proceedings of courts-martial and miliitary courts. "

In the first section the general commanding reserves in each State is authorized to order general courts-martial for the trial of offenses committed against the military code by persons belonging to his command and to revise the proceedings.

In the second section military courts are authorized under certain circumstances to try offenses committed by members of the organization of reserves. But no provision is made by which the general commanding reserves is authorized to revise the proceedings of military courts in any case. From the title of the act it seems to have been the intention to oconfer this power, and I have thought it proper to invite your attention to what seems to be an oversight in not granting it. A copy of the act is inclosed. *

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

Indorsement on "An act to authorize the consolidation of companies, battalions, and regiments," approved February 23, 1865.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to General R. E. Lee, whose views as to the propriety of issuing the consolidation law in orders at the present time are requested. If he considers the immediate enforcement of the law advisable, the Secretary of War desires he will make such suggestions pertaining to it as he thinks the orders should embrace. +

By command of the Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

+ For Lee's reply, see March 15, p. 1143.

---------------

