
RICHMOND, VA., March 8, 1865.

Senator J. W. C. WATSON:

DEAR SIR: I inclose to you two letters,* that you may see how well founded was my apprehension that evil would result from presenting the issue made by the terms of the resolution in relation to a day of fast, &amp; c. Many well-disposed persons do not understand the constitutional restriction upon my conduct, and as many, perhaps, do not know that the signature of the Secretary of State is a form properly observed in proclamations, as in commissions to officers, when issued by the President, and that he is as little responsible for the one as the other. It might have been well that our Constitution should not only have recognized a God, as it does, but the Saviour of mankind also; that it should have had not merely a religious but a Christian basis. But such is not its character, and my oath binds me to observe the Constitution as it is, not as I would have it, if in any respect I should wish it changed.

Very respectfully, yours, & c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., March 9, 1865.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I feel constrained to return the bill "To provide for the promotion of officers in certain cases" to the Senate, in which it originated, with a statement of the objections which have led me to withhold from it my signature.

The Constitution provides, in paragraph 2, section 2, Article II, the President 'shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate," to appoint officers of the Confederate States noto otherwise provided for, "but the Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of departments. "

In the bill under consideration it is declared that "it shall be competent to the commanding general in the field, or the Secretary of War, to order the promotions to be made of the officers next in grade," & c.

This seems to me to confer a power of appointment on commanding generals not warranted by the Constitution.

It may be further remarked that the power conferred upon the Secretary of War will be ineffectual except in the case where the officer next in rank is qualified to fill the temporary vacancy, a case in which the power would be least necessary in orde the time being a competent commander.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1865.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I have received a copy of your resolution ofo the 6th instant, as follows:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to inform the Senate why he only gives to aides-de-camp to general officers above the grade of brigadier-general the rank of first lieutenant in his nominations made to the Senate.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

