
In response I herewith transmit for your information a communication* from Secretary of War upon the same subject in response to the resolution of the House of Representatives of November 8, 1864, as follows:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to inform this House whether any appointments have been made under the act entitled "An act to provide and organize a general staff for the armies in the field to serve during the war," approved June 14 1864, and if not, why have not such appointments been made in pursuance of said act.

The anticipation of amendatory legislation, as set forth in the annexed report, together with the discretionary power vested in the Executive by the seventh section of the act referred to, has caused me for the time being not to make appointmets under said act.

In the case of aides-de-camp it has been the practice, because of their personal and confidential relations to their chief, to appoint upon his nomination. To this practice there seems to be no paramount objection, while the rank of such officers is of the subaltern grade; but if they have high rank, for many and obvious considerations their selection cannot be controlled by the personal preferences of the general with whom they are to serve. But the suggested change in the mode of selection would impair the confidential relation which an aide should have to his chief, and be an unwelcome task to the appointing power.

The nominations of aides-de-camp have for the above reasons been continued as heretofore, though the legislative amendment expected had not been made.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1865.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

The act entited "An act to abolish the office of certain quartermasters and assistant quartermasters, commissaries and assistant commissaries, and to provide for the appointment of bonded agents in said departments," which originated in your Honorable body, is herewith returned without my approval, and with a statement of the objections which have prevented my signing it.

The act abolishes the office of all quartermasters, assistant quartermasters, commissaries and assistant commissaries at posts and depots, and of those engaged in purchasing and impressing supplies, except such as are above the age of forty-five years, or have been disabled in service or declared unfit for duty in the field. It requires those officers to be dropped from service (one-fourth in two months, one-fourth in four months, one-fourth in six months, and one-fourth within two years), and directs that their places be supplied by bonded agents, who are to be persoons above the age of forty-five years or disabled in service, or unfit for duty in the field; and it revokes all details and repeals all authority to grant details of persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years for duty in the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments, except skilled artisans and mechanics permanently employed, or persons disabled or unfit for duty in the field.

The object plainly intended by this act isi one which meets my hearty concurrence and approval. Its obvious purpose is to

---------------

* See p. 836.

---------------

