
the heads of these bureaus would be embarrassed with the difficult duty in the midst of an active campaign of supplying the places with inexperiences and untried successors.

The representations made to me on the subjects embraced in this act by those under whose immediate superintendence its provisions would be executed, together with my own daily experience of the difficulties attendant on the efficient discharge of the two indispensable branches of the service, have created apprehensions of injurious effects from the passage of the act too serious to permit my approving it.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[MARCH 11, 1865. - For Strother to St. John, reporting the financial wants of the Subsistence Department, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1302.]

JOINT RESOLUTION providing for donations to the Treasury of the Confederate States.

Whereas many patriotic citizens have expressed their desire to contribute, by donations of money, jewels, gold and silver plate, and public securities, to the relief of the Treasury: Therefore,

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive all such donations, and to publish in the daily papers a list of the donations received and the names of the donors.

SEC. 2. That when the said contributions shall consist of certificates of indebtedness, lawfully issued by disbursing officers of the Government, and the parties holding the same are willing to give a part, but unable to give the whole, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to receive the proportion offered, if not less than one moiety, and to return the other moiety in certificates of indebtedness receivable in payment of taxes.

SEC. 3. To render the said public securities so donated available to the Treasury, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to redeem the same before maturity, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.

Approved March 13, 1865.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, March 13, 1865.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I have now under consideration the act entitled "An act to diminish the number of exemptions and details," which has passed both Houses, and was presented to me on Saturday, the 11th instant.

The act contains two provisions which would in practice so impair the efficiency of the service as to counterbalance if not outweigh the advantages that would result from the other clauses contained in it.

The third section exempts all skilled artisans and mechanics in the employment of the Government fromrvice. A very

