
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 12, 1864.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant has been received.

I am much gratified to hear such encouraging accounts both in relation to supplies and to the reserves of population. Surely they will not be held back in a struggle for all that is dear to a people.

I have regretted much to differ from you on the subject of re-enlisting and recruiting our armies. Such was my confidence in your judgment that I submitted your telegrams and letter to the President, telling him frankly your convictions made me distrust my own. He concluded to adhere to the system which the law contemplated. Your have always relieved rather more than myself on the spontaneous action of the people and favored the voluntary organizations. I confess I think the time for great results from such means has passed, and that the authority of law and the agencies of a general well-adjusted system of uniform operation the best means. Especially in regard to our Army do I deem a fixed and veteran organization of disciplined troops indispensable. We must keep up and even increase the veteran corps. New organizations, however, spirited, cannot contend with men practiced and trained in arms. We have the better material of fighting men; but we must secure them equal advantage of training and discipline to maintain superiority. Hence, I earnestly strive to throw the new recruits into the old organizations.

It needed not your assurance to convince that you would acquiesce in the decision of the highest authority and give all your aid to carry it into effect. Your patriotism and good sense were guarantees for that to all who know and appreciate you as I do.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 12, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

In the pressure of business I have postponed for several days a reply to your last letter, suggesting that difficulties in relation to the steamers Don and Hansa might be solved by the Government acquiring one-fourth interest in these steamers. It has been our policy not to acquire less than a controlling interest heretofore in any contracts made. The recent legislation confirms me in this view. I am willing to place the State on the same footing with the Confederate Government in the shipments that have been made; that is, to credit to the owners the quantity taken out for the State, just as if it had been taken for the Confederate States. The Don and Hansa have taken one-fourth for your State; the agent at Bermuda and Nassau the difference between one-fourth and one-third, which the vessels would have been compelled to take if they had continued to run under arrangements with the Confederate Government. For the future it will be necessary to make the terms upon which cotton is taken out for the States and for the Confederate Government uniform, or the result will be a competition ruinous to each.

8 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

