
country's welfare, let us bow submissively to the Divine will and reverently invoke the blessing of our Heavenly Father that, as He protected and guided our sires when struggling in a similar cause, so. He will enable us to guard safely our altars and our firesides, and maintain inviolate the political rights which we inherited.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., March 13, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

Herewith I transmit a letter from the Secretary of War, covering several communications from officers of theArmy in reference to the present condition of the country as connected with military defense, and especially with the matter of supplies for the Army. They will serve to elucidate the message this day transmitted to you. The last in the order of time of those communications was received after my message was transmitted, and refers to a contingency which, if it should occur, must seriously affect the opiniions which I then expressed. I invite your special attention to the papers submitted.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 13, 1865.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: I have the honor to submit copies of the following papers:

First. A letter addressed by me to General R. E. Lee, dated the [8th] instant. *

Second. The answer of General Lee, dated the [9th] instant. *

Third. Communications from the Quartermaster-General, the Commissary-General, the chief of the Ordnance Bureau, and the chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau, in answer to a circular from me inviting their attnetion to those points in General Lee's letter which connect themselves with the respective departments of these officers. +

Fourth. A communication which I addressed to you on the [18th] ultimo++ in regard to the wants of the War Department, and which was at that time transmitted by you to the Congress. The letter of General Lee gives his view (in which I concur) of the military situation, while the other papers sufficiently indicate the necessity of immediate action upon the subjects to which they relate.

The whole is submitted for such disposition as you may deem advisable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, pp. 1292, 1295.

+These communications not found as inclosures, excepting an incomplete letter from the Subsistence Bureau, following. In this connection see also French, Williams, and Claiborne, to St. John, March 10, 1865, Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, pp. 1297, 1298, and St. John to Breckinridge, March 13, 1865, Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 1067.

++See Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1239.

---------------

