
[Sub-inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SUBSISTENCE BUREAU,

Richmond, March 10, 1865.

Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date, calling attention to points in the letter of the General-in-Chief, I have the honor to state:

First. As to the existence of comissary supplies in the country, I express the general opinion the a sufficient surplus remains within the Confeerate lines in Virginia, North Carolina, upper South Carolina, and East Tennessee to subsist the Confederate forces operating therein until the next crop can be made available. This opinion is based upon a careful review of the Bureau information up to the 20th ultimo, and after personal conference with leading farmers, millers, and men of business. It assumes that four months' supply will be retained for local wants, and does not include the small and very uncertain supplies which may be wagoned over from Georgia.

Second. As to the collection of these supplies I express the further opinion that with adequate military protection in the more exposed localities, and with a prompt supply of suitable funds, the officers and agents of this service can keep the depot full in anticipation of all arrangements of the Quartermaster's Department to remove and forward. In the present condition of the country great effort will be required, but with funds it can be done. To aid the Government officers a very active popular movement has been initiated and pressed by the Bureau, but it must be regarded as simply auxiliary and not to be relied upon as apermanent source of supply.

Prompt payment in funds that will be received without compulsion are considered indispensable in arranging a certain supply for the future; without this all efforts will be paralyzed. The commissary debt now exceeds $70,000,000.

Third. As to transportation of thes esupplies, in the Southwest and in North Carolina the forces can be subsisted from local resources and with the ordinary army transportation, but the Army of Northern Virginia must be supplied by distant railroad transportation; and at least to Abingdon, Va., and to Goldsborough and Charlotte, N. C., 120 tons of commissary supplies daily.

[Incomplete.]

[MARCH 13, 1865. -For Davis to Lee, relating to the signing of the bill for putting negroes into the Army, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1308.]

MACON, March 13, 1865.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN:

Detailed agriculturists are now ordered into Confederate service in the field. Will those whom you caleld and who went into the militia be compelled to report for duty in Confederate service, or will you claim them still in the militia? Answer immediately by telegraph.

T. R. STEWART.

72 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

