
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., March 13, 1865.

All persons belonging to Major-General Smith's division are in the actual military service of the State. No one of them, whether detailed agriculturists or not, will obey any order from a Confederate officer, unles so directed by General Smith, when he is under orders from use to report to a Confederate general. The State took the detailed agriculturists into her military service at a time when, according to the decision of the supreme court, they were not in the military service of the Confederacy, and the Confederate officers can take no control over them without the consent of the State till they are disbanded by the Satte. They are now only on furlough.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

STATE OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 14, 1865.

The Honorable the COURTS OF THE COUNTIES, CITIES, &amp;C., NAMED IN THE ANNEXED SCHEDULE:

GENTLEMEN: In compliance with the requisition from the President of the Confederate States, under the law recently enacted by the General Assembly (a copoy of which is herewith accompanying), I, William Smith, Governor of Virginia, as required by said act, do hereby call upon the courts of the counties, cities, and towns in the annexed schedule for 10 per centum of the slaves therein, between the ages of a eighteen and fifty-five years, capable of ordinary labor.

Instructions. -It is the dutyof the court to ascertain the number of slaves within the prescribed ages within their respective jurisdictions. This duty comprehends all slaves, however employed, not embraced in former requisitions by the Governor. It includes all slaves hired by the Confederate Government or any of its agents.

Slaves impressed or allotted under this requisition may be detailed by Confederate authority, but when so detailed they cannot be replaced by a new impressment.

The courts must include among those from whom the allotment is to be made all the capable slaves betwen the before-mentioned ages within their juridscidtions, whether owned or hired, except the slaves of parties owning or hiring but one slave each.

No county exempt. -All counties, &c., whether ravaged by the enemy or stripped of their slave labor, to whatever extent, are bound to furnish the required per centum of what is left, except in such counties, &c., as may have lost two-thirds of their slaves; in which case no person in such counties, unless he have more than two such slaves, in liable to allotment.

Exemptions. -The Governor is intrusted with the power to exempt in cases in which the law cannot or ought not to be enforced; in cases in which the slave-owner, from sickness or other calamity, has but one lsave liable to draft. He cannot exempt in any other cases.

Slaves not subject to draft. -Where a soldier in service, or a widow having a son, or whose husband has died therein, has but one slave, either owned or hired.

The allotment. -All persons required by the court to furnish negroes under this requisition failing to deliver them at the time and place designated will incur a fine of not less than $3 nor more than $10 for each negro and for every day for which he may be withheld. This penalty will be rigidly exacted.

