
Upon application from the authorities of the State of South Carolina for the steamer Alice, and of the State of Virginia for the steamer City of Petersburg, I have at once directed the agent that cotton taken out by these steamers, for account of the States named, on the same terms as fixed for the Confederate Government, will be considered as if taken for the Confederate Government and credited accordingly. This arrangement has been satisfactory here and to Governor Bonham, and I earnestly hope will be so to you.

Congress has just legislated on the subject, authorizing shipment by private individuals only under license granted by the Confederate Government, reserving to the States the right to ship our on their steamers their own cotton. Uniform regulations will be drawn up as required by this law, and it shall be my effort to make them such as to facilitate the efforts of the State and Confederate governments in exporting cotton and introducing supplies and munitions of war.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., February 13, 1864.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I feel impelled by the condition of the country earnestly to recommend to your adoption the extension of the conscription already recommended in my annual message of the 7th of December last, and to inform you that the preparations made by the enemy for the campaign of the present year warn us that our armies in the field must be re-enforced to the utmost possible extent.

The agricultural interests of the country must be protected and fostered or we shall be unable to raise the supplies necessary for the subsistence of the Army as well as of the people at home. How is this to be done?

There is no possibility of affording adequate local protection by our armies in the field, which must of necessity be kept concentrated to resist the main columns of the invading forces of the enemy. Our farms and depots can only be protected from destructive raids by the men who remain at home engaged in manufactural, agricultural, and other pursuits. There are but two modes of rendering these classes available for such purposes. One is by calling them out as militia; the other by enrolling them under Confederate authority. I propose in a few words to contrast these modes.

If those left at home are available only as militia, it will become necessary to make requisitions for them on the States in advance of any pressing necessity for their services, because of the delays which are always involved in obtaining forces under such calls. When called out it will natural result that the men will be retained for long periods in the field or in camp, to be ready for emergencies, as they could not, if discharged, be promptly recalled when required. This method of using the reserves will tell with disastrous effect on our agriculture.

On the other hand, troops for local defense and special service, as organized under the act of 21st of August, 1861, would afford the commander-in-chief the means of calling out the men embraced in such organizations at a moment's warning, and enable him, without

