
forthwith issued by the clerk of the court; which fines shall be repeat4ed from time to time until the order of the court is complied with. Any sheriff or sergeant failing to discharge the duties imposed by this act shall be fined not less than $500 nor more than $2,000; and any slave or slaves not deliverd as aforesaid may be forthwith seized by the enrolling fofficer of the Cs for the county in which the owner of such slave or slaves may reside, to be by him delivered to the proper officer of the Confederate States, to be held for the period of ninety days, as aforesaid.

5. It shall be lawful for the proper authorities of the Confederate States whenever, in their opinion, the public interest may require it, to detail for business, and at the place from whcih they have been taken, any slaves drafted under the provisions of this act; but in no cause shall the deficiency in labor on the public works, caused by such detail, be supplied by a new draft on the other slave-holders of the county or corporation in which the detail may be made; and any slaves which shall be exempted from impressment or draft by any law of the Confederate States shall be regarded as detailed under the provisions of this act.

6. The clerk and sheriff or sergeant shall attend the sessions of the court, as in other cases, and the court may adjourn from time to time, until the business shal be completed.

7. Should any county or corporation court fail or refuse to discharge the duties imposed by this act, wholly or in part, for ten days from the filinjg of the requisition with the clerk of the court, as prescribed in the second section of this act, it shall be the dutyof the clerk of said court immediately to notify the Secretary of War of the Confederate States; or, in case any clerk shall fail to give such notice to the said Secretary in due time after the failure or refusal of such court to act, it shall thereupon be lawful for said Secretary of War, by officers and agents of hsi own selction, with the aid of the commissioners of the revenue of such county or corporation (who are hereby required to render such aid when required), to impress from said county or corporation such proportion of the slaves demanded by the Governor therefrom as may nothave been furnished under the provisiions of this act. The slaves thus impressed, together with such as may have been furnished by such county or corporation under this act, shall not exceed one-fifth of the number of male slaves therein between the ages specified, capable of performing ordinary labor, shall be appoirtioned among the slave-holders as herein above set forth, and shall be held not longer thannintery days, for the uses and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the first section of this act. Separate receipts shall in all cases be executed to the owners by the sheriff or other person seizing or taking possession of slaves under this act, and receipts shall, in like manner, be taken by the sheriff or other person holding them, when slave may be turned over to the agent or officer of the Confederate States. Slaves coming into the possession of the sheriffs, sergeants, or agents of the Secretary of War under this act shall be regarded as in the possession and service of the Confederate States, and at their expense until redelivered to their owners. For every seizure of a slave by a sheriff or sergeant, under this act, he shal be entitled to a fee of $5, to be paid by the person failing to deliver such slaves. The willful failure or refusal of either the clerk, or any justicve, or sheriff, or sergeant, to perform the duties required of them under this act, shal be deemed a malfeasance in office, and on conviction thereof their offices shall become

