
1865, referred to me for my opinion as to the propriety of issuing the necessary orders for carrying it into effect at the present time. The period is very unfavorable for executing the law. The principal army at the South, under General Johnston, is now in the field operating against the enemy, and it will be very difficult, if not impracticable, to reorganize it. This army is in close proximity to the enemy, and active operatiosn may commence any day. It would be extremely hazardous at this time, in my opinion, to begin a general consolidation of the regiments. As the Department under the law is authorized to issue general regulatsion on the subject, I think the law might be ordered to be carried into effect, provided the time be left discretionary with the commanders of the several armies. Occasion might be taken to unite certain companies, and advantageously, and some benefit be thus derived during the campaign. *

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 15, 1865.

Majs. J. W. PEGRAM and THOMAS P. TURNER:

(Through General Ewell.)

SIRS: You are hereby authorized to raise a company or companies of negro soldiers, under the provisions of ess approved March 13, 1865. When the requisite number shall have been recruited theyt will be mustered into the service for the war and muster-rolls forwarded to this office. The companies when organized will be subject to the rules and regulations governing the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of the Committee on Military Affairs.

The committee to whom was referred so much of the President's message of the 13th instant as relates to military affairs beg leave to report that, after careful examination, they find but two measures suggested in the message for recruiting the Army.

First. A law of a few lines rep4ealing all class exemptions.

Second. A general militia law.

The subject of exemptions has been considered by Congress at each session since the organization of the Government under the permanent Constitution, and at every session the classes exempted have been reduced in number and the exemptions in each class limited by additional restrictions.

At the present session the "fifteen-negro" exemption has been repealed, and the number of exemptions and details further reduced and prohibited. While a few class exemptions (principally of preachers, teachers, physiciants, and editors) are allowed, on certain conditions, by existing laws, it may be reasonably doubted if any increase

---------------

*The act is published in General Orders, No. 15, March 25, 1865, p. 1166.

---------------

