
imprudence, to dismiss them the moment the danger had disappeared. They would probably not be absent from the fields and workshops more than two or three weeks at a time, and there would thus be no serious interruption of the productive industry of the country. If the spirit which rendered the volunteering so general among all classes of citizens at the beginning of the war were still prevalent, there would be no necessity for the proposed legislation, as the citizens would readily join the organizations provided in the law above mentioned. But as this is not the case, it is necessary that conscription for local defense should replace volunteering.

If Congress should decline to adopt this measure, which my sense of what is needed for the public defense forces me again to urge upon its attention, I am unable to perceive from what source we are to obtain the men necessary not only to repel raids but to relieve the large number of able-bodied soldiers now detailed from the Army for local service in the States.

I trust that my conviction of the pressing necessity for this legislation in aid of the public defense will be received by Congress as a sufficient justification for this renewal of the recommendation contained in the message addressed to you at the commencement of the present session.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

OFFICE OF CHIEF DISTRICT COMMISSARY,

Atlanta, Ga., February 13, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to inclose copies of a dispatch from Major French yesterday and my reply. In this connection I inclose the correspondence between Governor Brown and myself, embracing my letters of January 18 and February 1, and his replies of January 28 and February 6, and my rejoinder of February 12. Upon these premises I propose to give you a succinct statement of the facts in the case. Some three months since Mr. R. P. Glenn, of the firm of Glenn, Carr &amp; Wright, visited Richmond and proposed to distill whisky for this department, giving one gallon of whisky for every bushel of corn turned over to them. This agreement met with your approval and was entered into by me. I regarded it as the best that could possibly be made for the Government, the cheapest and in fact the only method by which a supply could be secured for this department. Many, I may say hundreds, of contracts had been made to pay stipulated price for whisky for this and other departments. They all led to an abuse of distillation, a failure to furnish the required quantity, which was in nearly every case attributed to the inability to procure grain. Of course when the grain is furnished no such excuse can be made. This plan, therefore, seemed to me the only reliable and practicable plan by which the wants of the department could be supplies. I thereupon made several other contracts upon the same terms. Soon afterward I was informed that the statutes of this State required the entire product of the grain to be furnished to the Confederate States Government. I at once amended all contracts not in accordance with the statutes, requiring al whisky made from the grain turned over to the distiller to be furnished me, I paying a stipulated price, in no case exceeding that established by the commissioners for any excess over five quarts to the bushel in most cases, and

