
and have sent the bearer, Major James H. Foote, assistant adjutant-general of the North Carolina, a discreet and loyal gentlemen, to receive them, should you deem it advisable to comply with my request.

I am, sir, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

ZEBULON B. VANCE.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 11.
 Richmond, Va., March 18, 1865.

I. Cadets in the Confederate service will hereafter be examined for promotion to the grade of commissioned officers by boards composed of artillery, cavalry, and infantry officers, on the following subjects, to wit:

First. The reading and writing of the English language. The examination on this subject will consist of reading aloud to the Board a PAGEor two of some author, and then writing a few dictated paragraphs to test correctness in spelling.

Second. The use of figures, embracing the ground rules of arithmetic, including fractions, the extraction of the square root, and the use of logarithms.

Third. Algebra, so far as the embrace simple and quadratic equations.

Fourth. The principles of geometry, including (say) the first eight books of Legendre's treatise.

Fifth. Plane trigonometry.

Sixth. Mensuration of surfaces and solids.

Seventh. The elements of surveying, with a view to test the capacity of each to determine distances trigonometrically, to locate lines on the ground, and to lay down given figures for encampments, &amp;c.

Eight. For artillery cadets alone, the elements of mechanics.

(The examination on all the foregoing subjects should be more rigid for those desiring to enter the artillery than for the officers of cavalry or infantry.)

Ninth. Tactics: artillery, cavalry, and infantry.

The cadets designated for the artillery service will be examined rigidly on artillery tactics and upon the general principles of cavalry and infantry tactics. Cadets designed for the cavalry will be examined strictly on cavalry tactics and on the general principles of infantry; cadets for infantry service strictly on infantry tactics and the duties of company officers.

II. The boards of examiners will be detailed from the most competent officers of each arm, serving with armies in the field or in the departments, by the generals commanding, respectively; and the particulars of the examinations, with the findings and recommendations of the boards, will be forthe prescribed channels, to the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General. A similar board will be organized at the seat of government for the examination of such cadets as may present themselves.

III. Cadets will be notified in advance of the subjects on which they will be examined, and they will be allowed three months prior to the examination for preparation.

IV. The boards of examiners will adopt a coefficient for the requirements to be demanded of each cadet, varying with this general merit as established by the reports of officers with whom he has served and the arm of service to which he belongs. The more the merit, as thus

