
established, and the less scientific the arm, the less should be the imperative requirements and the smaller the coefficient.

V. Cadets will be required, before examination, to have served in companies in the several arms of service (artillery, cavalry, or infantry) as required by law.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
Richmond, March 20, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I respectfully suggest the necessity of some such general order as that proposed in the inclosed paper in order to preserve the organization of the reserve forces. The first paragraph is intended to bring into service many youths who are at home, protected from duty with the reserve forces by paragraph III, General Orders, No. 33, series of 1864, as members of home guard or local defense companies. These companies are governed by by-laws of their own making; many of them never assemble or perform any service, and none are called out except to repel raids in their own vicinity. It is not right that these able-bodied youths between seventeen and eighteen years of age should be thus virtually excepted from military duty while all others of like age and condition are held to the continuous performance of arduous field service, and the fact excites just dissatisfaction among the Junior Reserves. The second paragraph of the proposed order is suggested in order to secure tot eh reserve forces youths who legally belong to the organization and are indispensable to its maintenance, but are escaping serve therein. The reserve forces are all organized as infantry, at least in this State, and as such are being held to regular service in the field. General Orders, No. 75, series of 1864, virtually makes them an integral part of the regular forces. The boys, being generally averse to infantry service, volunteer, in their eagerness to avoid it, in the cavalry and artillery of the regular forces. There is no order of the War Department to prevent them from thus volunteering upon attaining the age of seventeen years, and many of them, to avoid apprehended difficulty, enlist in the regular forces a few days before becoming seventeen years old. The fact of February 17, 1864, obviously designed that all youths upon becoming seventeen should be enlisted in the reserve forces and retained therewith cannot be eighteen years old. Moreover, the reserve organization cannot be maintained. It will in a short time become extinct unless such youths as a class are enlisted and firmly held in its ranks. All are now transferred to the regular forces upon becoming eighteen, while comparatively few youths are secured to the reserves upon becoming seventeen. The prospect is equally unpromising in respect to the Senior Reserves. The courts discharge them upon reaching the age of fifty, while not a man is transferred from the active to the reserve forces upon becoming forty-five. The loss of men from the reserve forces is therefore constant and considerable, while the acquisitions are precarious and scanty, and the enforcement of existing orders a short time longer must extinguish the organization.

In this connection I respectfully ask that the Honorable Secretary of War will reconsider his decision vacating the commissions of all

