
GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 12.
 Richmond, Va., March 21, 1865.

I. To check the sale of military clothing by soldiers the attention of the Army and of citizens is called to the following extract from the act of Congress approved January 22, 1864:

Any person not subject to the Rules and Articles of War who shall * * * purchase from any soldier or person enrolled for service any portion of his clothing * * * or any property belonging to the Confederate States, shall, upon conviction before the district court of the Confederate States having jurisdiction of the offense, be fined not exceeding $1,000 and be imprisoned not exceeding two years.

II. It is made the especial duty of all officers to cause citizens or negroes violating this law to be arrested and brought before a magistrate for trial. Soldiers guilty of the offense will be returned under guard to their commands, with a report of the evidence to sustain the charge.

III. A reward of $100 will be paid by the nearest post quartermaster, on the conviction of any citizen or negro violating this law, to the person who furnished the information that led to his arrest and conviction.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1865.

J. D. SHAW, Esq.,

Greenwood, Carroll County, Miss.:

MY DEAR SIR: A pressure of business has prevented me from replying sooner to your letter of September last. Your proposition in regard to negotiating with European powers respecting the slavery question has been attentively considered. There would be difficulty, however, in carrying it into effect. In the first place, the Confederate Government can make no agreement or arrangement with any nation which would interfere with State institutions, and if foreign Governments would consent to interpose in our behalf upon the conditions stated, it would be necessary to submit the terms to the different States of the Confederacy for their separate action.

It cannot be doubted that the obstacle to the recognition of the Confederacy has been an unwillingness to be embrel with the United States. If slavery or any other cause had been the impediment, our advances to European Governments would have led to the disclosure of their reasons for not acknowledging our independence. As soon as these Government are willing to negotiate with us upon terms to which we can honorably accede, the declaration of their conditions will probably be made known to our commissioners so that the terms proposed may be submitted to the people, States, and Government of the Confederacy.

With much regard, I remain, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

