
should not be regarded, for these temporizing measures have been very destructive to discipline and produced all the demoralization, that exists to such a fearful extent in this State. Therefore I renew may recommendation that these men be conscripted and assigned to my recommendation that these men be conscripted and assigned to the Army of Tennessee; if not, to Northern Virginia.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

WAR DEPARTMENT, NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, March 24, 1865.

Hon. JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In a confidential letter of the 10th instant the opinion was expressed that the supplies of lead, niter, &amp;c., could be maintained for a given length of time with the force then assigned to the Bureau.

Since that time the detailed men both in North Carolina and Southwest Virginia have been ordered into camp, and the operations of the Bureau in these two States virtually suspended.

I respectfully but earnestly request that these men be returned to their work, otherwise there is no assurance as to the future supply of ammunition. If it be deemed absolutely essential that these men remain in camp, it is requested that the officers of this Bureau be allowed to select from their workmen such as are available for military duty and organize them into companies under the district officers. This has been done in three cases with great success, and one of the battalions complimented for its gallantry in action. if the men are called out indiscriminately many of them will most certainly desert; they are willing to work, but not to fight. It has been the policy of the Niter and Mining Bureau to utilize this class of men.

The Bureau officers would select such men as were reliable for military duty and leave the others at work.

In any event it is represented that there are certain skilled men who should always be left at their work under any call, no matter how urgent. The loss of one such man is now serious, and may soon be vital. The inclosed letter from Mr. Hill is one of many on the same subject, and of like purport.

Very respectfully, yours,

RICHARD MORTON,

Colonel and Chief of Bureau.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 26, 1865.

Colonel MORTON,

Niter and Mining Bureau:

The necessity for men in Southwest Virginia seems to be very urgent at this time to meet a force that threatens to destroy the works that employ the men. I know that many of them cannot be relied on for military service. I cannot make on order, but let Colonel Morton send these papers to the proper officer, who may be able to spare the 'skilled" men and those who won't fight but will work.

J. C. B.,

Secretary of War.

