
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,
March 29, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Echols, who will carry out the suggestions of Colonel Morton as far as practicable. the need of men and ammunition is equally great, and while all available men should be brought out those absolutely necessary to make ammunition must be left at work or the troops can't fight. It will be best to take only such as can be spared and can be relied on in battle, as suggested. The rest can be organized as local commands and act with the troops when their work is necessarily suspended.

By order of General Lee:

C. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

NITER AND MINING DISTRICT No. 7,

Abingdon, March 13, 1865.

Lieut. Colonel RICHARD MORTON:

SIR: In writing to you officially a few days ago I mentioned that my niter employes had been twice called under arms within the last ten days. They are still held under the control of the military district commandant, and their works are of course entirely stopped.

From circulars received from the Bureau at the commencement of this month, I was induced to believe that there existed a great demand for the home production of niter; yet if there is so much greater demand for men that the producers are to be taken away from their works and held in camp for an indefinite time on every rumor of a raid, the Army will be greatly benefitted, maybe, if the men are put regularly in, and the Niter and Mining Bureau under the present state of affairs will lose nothing.

I have 140 men, the larger portion of whom are thoroughly worthless to the Army. On every call I lose some men who go to Kentucky; about one-fourth respond, and the balance who do not run off remain at home frightened, discouraged, and discontented. I applied to General Echols for permission to organize my men into a separate and independent command. I intended thus to have the power of selecting such men as were available for military duty, and as I could spare. He very shortly refused it. I wish to state to you clearly now the position in which we are placed.

This country is liable to constant and continued raids and rumors of raids during the rest of the war. On each call the men are rendered more and more unfit for work, and each month can bring me a good excuse for non-fulfillment of contract.

As a body they won't fight, and yet they will work if let alone. They leave their works unprotected, their earth and ore to be wasted; they scatter their materials, teams, &amp;c., and when they are allowed to return they are disheartened (in dread of a fresh call) from making efforts to renew operations.

These men are wasted to the Government. Either put them regularly in the Army, or so many as can be got there, or else let them remain with their works under the full assurance that there will be no interruption.

I respectfully request that you will give this matter prompt and vigorous attention. This part of Niter and Mining District No. 7 is in the meantime quietly and inactively awaiting your interference.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. M. HILL,

Assistant Superintendent.

