
authority to raise a regiment in that portion of the State of Texas in which the conscript law cannot be enforced, and elsewhere or persons not liable to military service under that law.

If the regiment is not complete within four months from the date of appointment the authority will expire. Deserters and absentees from other commands will be carefully excluded. When the regiment is raised it will be mustered into the service for the war, and the muster-rolls and the certificates of election of officers forwarded to this office for organization in the orders of the War Department.

By command of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 25 AND 30, 1865. - For Davis to Smith, in relation to raising and organizing negro soldiers in Virginia, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part III, pp. 1348, 1366.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 16.
 Richmond, Va., March 27, 1865.

I. The attention of officers in the Army is directed to the first section of an act of Congress entitled "An act to raise coin for the purpose of furnishing necessary supplies for the Army," approved March 17, 1865, by which it is provided that purchasers, under that act, of cotton or tobacco, shall be authorized to transport the same "beyond the limits of the Confederate States free from any molestation on the part of the authorities of the Confederate States, or the payment of any duty except to the extent of one-eight per cent. now imposed by law. "

II. All officers in the Army will, therefore, allow all such cotton and tobacco to be transported as aforesaid without restrictions upon permits for that purpose, granted by the Secretary of the Treasury or such officers of his Department as he may authorize to grant the same.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 72.
 Richmond, March 27, 1865.

* * * * *

I. The following schedules of prices for articles named therein, adopted by commissioners appointed pursuant to law, for the State of Virginia re published for the information of all concerned, and the special attention of officers and agents of the Government is directed thereto:

RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1865.

Hon. JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE:

SIR: As Congress has repealed portions of former impressment laws relating to schedules of prices, and confined their operation to the productions of those

74 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

