
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RICHMOND, February 12, 1864.

Major J. F. CUMMINGS:

Have you made any contracts for the manufacturing of whisky? If so, upon what terms? Reply immediately by telegraph.

By order of Commissary-General:

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ATLANTA, February 12, 1864.

Major S. B. FRENCH,

Richmond, Va.:

I have contracts for about 3,000 gallons whisky per month. Terms, five quarts whisky for bushel corn, and the excess to be furnished me at commissioners' price. I estimate the cost not to exceed $4 per gallon, and all whisky distilled by my contractors to be turned over to the Government. I write by mail.

J. F. CUMMINGS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF DISTRICT COMMISSARY,

Atlanta, Ga., January 18, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: I have just returned from the front, where I have held a consultation with General Johnston about feeding the army. In the frequent want of animal food he has determined to issue rations of whisky, and to do this it is necessary for me to make contracts for the same in large quantities. I have already made several, and in all cases require contractors to furnish me the entire product of the grain turned over to them. My object in addressing you is to ascertain if, under the statutes of the State, any other steps are necessary to enable my contractors to carry out their agreements. Please answer at your earliest convenience, as the demands upon me for whisky are urgent and beyond my present means of supply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. CUMMINGS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF DISTRICT COMMISSARY,

Atlanta, Ga., February 1, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor, &amp;c., Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: Yours of 28th received. I do not propose to use any but the corn of the tax in kind belonging to the Government in making whisky near the railroads and navigable streams. Will you please inform me at your earliest convenience whether you will attempt to prevent the distillation of grain belonging to the Confederate States Government, being receipts from the tax in kind, whenever and

