
for field service, or shall present to such an enrolling officer a certificate of discharge on account of permanent disability heretofore granted, a furlough shall be granted to him until the next meeting of the medical board, hereinafter provided for.

SEC. 6. That there shall be assigned to each Congressional district a medical board, consisting of three surgeons, two of whom shall be Army surgeons, who, after due notice of the time and place of their meeting, shall visit each county of the district at least once in three months, and shall examine, for discharge or recommendation for light duty, all conscripts who have been furloughed under the provisions of the preceding section. Every discharge granted by the said medical board shall be final, and shall relieve the party from military service in the future, when the permanent and the cause of it is set forth in the certificate.

SEC. 7. b It shall be the duty of all officers and other employed in the military service of the Confederate States, and not actually in the field nor attached to any army in the field, including quartermasters and commissaries, commanders of posts, provost-marshals, officers of the Ordnance, Niter and Mining, and Medical Bureaus, and others, to make certified return under oath, every two months, to the nearest conscript officer, of the names, ages, and physical condition of all persons employed in their service, which returns shall be forwarded to the general officer controlling conscription in the State.

SEC. 8. That for the enforcement of the duties imposed by this act upon the general officers controlling conscription in the several States, they may employ such detachments of the reserve forces as they may deem necessary.

SEC. 9. That the Bureau of Conscription and the camps of instruction are hereby abolished, and all rules and regulations of the War Department inconsistent with this act are hereby abrogated.

Approved March 7, 1865.

II. The duties in connection with the enforcement of the conscription laws devolved by this act upon the Bureau of the Adjutant and Inspector General will be performed through an officer of that Bureau, to be styled the "Officer of Conscription. " All reports and returns from generals of reserves, and all other official correspondence relating thereto, will be addressed to the Adjutant and Inspector General, and will, in all cases, be legibly indorsed upon the envelopes "Conscription Service. "

III. Commandants of conscripts, district inspectors, and enrolling officers will at once report to the general commanding reserves in their respective States, and all officers on conscript duty in localities not embraced within the commands of generals of reserves will report by letter to this office, indorsed on the envelope as above, inclosing a copy of their orders and stating specifically the duty to which they have been assigned.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 18.
 Richmond, Va., March 30, 1865.

I. Paragraph II, General Orders, No. 6, current series, is hereby revoked, and Brigadier Gen. Daniel Ruggles, Provisional Army, C. S., is constituted Commissary-General of Prisoners, and will at once enter upon his duties as designated in paragraphs I, II, and III, General Orders, No. 84, of 1864.

II. Paragraph IX, General Orders, No. 10, current series, is amended so as to read:

Persons arriving at the age of eighteen years, and all others in the reserve forces, not disabled for active duty, who are within the con-

b Section 6 repealed by amendatory act, approved March 17, 1865.

