
wherever they may deem proper? The army needs the whisky, and I am now unable to respond to the calls upon me.

Very respectfully,

J. F. CUMMINGS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, January 28, 1864.

Major J. F. CUMMINGS:

SIR: In reply to your letter I state that the laws of Georgia will not tolerate any such consumption of grain by distillation as you propose. When the country is so hard pressed for bread I shall order the prompt prosecution of every man who runs a still without a license from the State, and I shall grant no license to stills in Upper Georgia. The law only authorizes me to grant license to distill a small additional quantity by Confederate distillers, and these must be located in Southern and Southwestern Georgia, over twenty miles from a railroad or navigable stream.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., February 6, 1864.

Major J. F. CUMMINGS:

SIR: Your letter inquiring whether I will "attempt to prevent the distillation of grain belonging to the Confederate States Government, being receipts from the tax in kind, wherever and whenever they may deem proper," is received. In reply I have to state that it is as much a violation of the penal laws of this State for any person, no matter what his position may be, to distill Government corn in this State without a license from the Governor as it is to distill the corn of a citizen or to commit the crime of theft or swindling; and while I am responsible as the Executive of the State I shall attempt to execute her criminal laws as well as her civil. The Legislature of this State by express statute provided how much whisky and alcohol might be made of grain within the limits of the State for the Confederate Government, with the license of the Governor, but made it highly penal for any to be made without such license, and limited the quantity beyond which the license should not be granted by the Governor. It is therefore as much a violation of the criminal laws of this State for a Confederate officer to make whisky without a license as it is for any other person to do so. The ownership of the corn has nothing whatever to do with the question. You seem to think that because the corn is tithe corn the Government agents may distill it in violation of the criminal corn the Government agents may distill it in violation of the criminal laws of the State without guilt. If so, why may they not distill corn purchased by the Government; and if they may do this, why may they not distill any which they choose to impress? The Government claims the ownership of the corn in the one case as well as the other. If it may distill tithe corn it may impress the bread out of the mouths of the wives and children of soldiers and distill that also. No such pretensions will be acquiesced in a moment by the State.

Youfor whisky for the army is heavy. I reply, the demand for bread in the army and at home is much greater.

