
CONFIDENTIAL.] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, April 7, 1865.

Major Gen. SAMUEL JONES:

GENERAL: I agree with you fully in opinion on the blockade question, and inform you in this confidential manner that the cotton is to be carried down by the State on her steamers and sold to persons who have authority from the United States Government to purchase, and sell us in exchange necessaries which we cannot do without. It is also the policy in this way to accumulate some funds abroad to pay for soldiers' clothing, &amp;c. I have the authority of the Legislature of my State for this. Members of Congress tell me that a late act of Congress gives the same authority, and the President has directed General Cobb to grant permits, if necessary, on my certificate. I am glad you take what I consider the true view of this question, and will be much obliged by any aid you may afford me.

The portion of your letters which relates to militia will be reforwarded to Adjutant-General Wayne for reply.

I am, general, very truly, &c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[APRIL 8, 1865. - For Smith to Pike and others, in relation to forming an alliance with the Comanche and other wild tribes of Indiana, to enable the Confederate Government to use them as auxiliaries, see Series I, VOL. XLVIII, Part II, p. 1266-1271.]

DANVILLE, VA., April 9, 1865.

President J. DAVIS:

Mr. PRESIDENT: In obedience to your request I have the honor to submit the following statement:

On the 21st of March, 1865, Mr. McKnight, of the Alabama Reserves, presented a permit to General Hodge for his indorsement and orders for a guard to escort 1,666,666 2/3 pounds of cotton through the District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, for the purpose of purchasing and getting out medical supplies for Surgeon Potts, C. S. Army, at Montgomery. I have been informed that Mr. McKnight is associated in this contract with a detailed man, a clerk of Captain Gillaspie, assistant quartermaster, at Montgomery. Said clerk was arrested at Jackson, Miss. (I have forgotten his name), about the 19th of March, for stealing and running off with $133,000 of Mr. D. H. Marc's money, and converted the same into gold. His wife has gone into the enemy's lines since. I informed Mr. McKnight that the Government had no cotton in that district. He replied that made no difference, as he would purchase cotton. I have been very active as inspector watching all movements of the enemy, and especially of cotton and goods, since early in December last, and have never known but of one wagon load of medical supplies being received and shipped to Doctor Potts, and them Mr. Granville White (his agent near Bayou Sara) shipped without a permit thirty or thirty-six bales of cotton to pay for the same, and some whisky, of which he sold four or five barrels at Woodville for $14 per gallon, in greenbacks, to a Mr. Frankenthaul, for I saw the bill. Rumor also says he received as medical supplies coffee, flour, soap, &c., all of which were sold. Mr. G. White

