
was arrested and sent to department headquarters, and soon after I saw him back, having been released. This is but one of the many cases of fraud practiced on the Government, and which I was breaking up.

Mr. Deynoodt, Belgian consul, is now shipping 10,000 bales of cotton, and hundreds of people are trying to and are shipping in his name, although I know it is without his knowledge. It will require the entire attention of one responsible officer and several attendants to prevent these shipments and see that the guards and pickets do not take bribes and pass more than the order calls for. This has been my especial duty since I was ordered by the Honorable Secretary of War to report to General Hodge. There are many families living near the river with many slaves on their plantations doing little or nothing but stealing, as they are not able to clothe and feed them. These parties have made repeated application to ship a few bales of cotton and buy supplies, but the general's orders were such that he could not permit it, and they are nightly running cotton through. Many negroes are running to keep from our conscript officers, and some are volunteering.

In closing my report, Mr. President, permit me to ask a favor. As the plans submitted to you last March by General Polk and myself were not approved, I renew the proposition in a different light. I am an old naval officer, and found when I captured the iron-clad Indianola that it would be an easy thing to capture more. I would respectfully ask that I may now be allowed to raise a battalion of volunteer officers of the Navy and Army who are off of duty, and with 1,000 bales of cotton at my command I will pledge myself to capture and destroy most if not all the vessels in the Mississippi River and get your army across the river. It can be done with a gallant little band of men, and by surprising them, as they are not so vigilant now as formerly; and boats going up and down the river, by giving a signal, run up alongside of their quarter, where they can be easily surprised and captured.

Praying, Mr. President, that you will excuse the liberty taken and give me a favorable answer to my plan, I beg to subscribe myself, your most obedient servant,

FRED. B. BRAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Miles (Louisiana) Legion.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 10, 1865.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL:

The within report in regard to frauds in the matter of exporting cotton requires attention. It would be well to communicate with the commanding generals, &amp;c.

The proposition to employ officers "off of duty" can be better estimated by you than myself. It seems designed for temporary service. The law authorizing supernumerary officers to organize themselves implies permanence.

J. D.

[APRIL 15, 1865. - For Brown to Smith, ordering out all men in Georgia who can bear arms, whether in the State or Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 813.]

