
APPENDIX.

HEADQUARTERS JACKSON HOSPITAL, February 14, 1865.

Lieut. Gen. R. S. EWELL:

DEAR SIR: Form my own gratification, as well as those who are taking great interest int he important question, with regard to the using of the slaves of the Confederacy as an assisting element to us in defending our homes, firesides, and country from those who would destroy us, I would respectfully say that this morning I caused the hired male slaves at this hospital to be convened, and after asking them the deliberate question, if they would be willing to take up attacking foe, sixty out of seventy-two responded they would volunteer to go to the trenches and fight the enemy to the bitter end.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
F. W. HANCOCK,

Surgeon in charge.

RICHMOND, VA., March 28, 1865.

Captain GEORGE P. RING,

Sixth Louisiana Regiment, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise a company of negro troops in the State of Alabama, under the provisions of the act of Congress approved March 13, 1865, as promulgated in General Orders, No. 14, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. The authority will expire sixty days from this date, if the company be not raised within that time.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 30, 1865.

Captain EDWARD BOSTICK,

Company E, Twenty-sixth South Carolina Volunteers:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise a battalion of four companies of negro troops in the State of South Carolina, under the provisions of the act of Congress approved March 13, 1865, as promulgated in General Orders, No 14, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. You are allowed sixty days to raise the battalion and will be detached from your command for that purpose by your commanding general.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 78.
 Richmond, April 1, 1865.

* * * * *

XIV. Colonel K. Otey, Eleventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, is assigned to duty at Lynchburg, Va., with authority to recruit, muster,

