
and organize negro troops for the Army, under the provisions of the act of Congress approved March 13, 1865, promulgated in General Orders, No. 14, current series.

* * * * *

XXIX. Lieut. John L. Cowardin, adjutant Nineteenth Battalion Virginia Artillery, is hereby relieved from his present command and will proceed without delay to Halifax County, Va., for the purpose of recruiting negro troops under the act of Congress approved March 13, 1865, and General Orders, No. 14, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1865.

Lieut. S. R. SHINN:

DEAR SHINN: I have delayed writing in order to be able to give you some definite information on the negro question. The Secretary of War day before yesterday directed that the authority asked for the given Colonel Otey, and I telegraphed you to that effect. I have no doubt the orders have reached him by this time. Go to work and work, work, work. If the people of Virginia only knew and appreciated General Lee's solicitude on this subject they would not longer hold back their slaves. Their wives and daughters and the negroes are the only elements left us to recruit from, and it does seem that our people would rather send the former even to face death and danger than give up the latter.

Major Carrington has been appointed superintendent for the State of Virginia and a good one he will make. I shall do something myself with a view to raising a command. I may be so situated as to need your services and to advance your interests. If so, you shall hear from me. *

Let me hear from you at once.

Yours, truly,

TH. P. TURNER.

HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,
Tallahassee, April 28, 1865.

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that you are authorized to proceed at once a raise a company of "negroes" to be mustered into the service of the Confederate States for the war, subject to the provisions of the law and the orders of the Government. The appointment of the field officers will be left subject to the provisions of the law and orders of the Government.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES L. FRASER,

Aide-de-Camp.

(To O. S. Jones, E. H. Bryan, M. Yong, J. J. Jilks, B. F. Davis, G. W. Kenedy, W. S. Dupont, S. Parkhill, J. Linton, and H. A. Ramsay, through Colonel P. Turney, Lake City, Fla.)

---------------

*Some strictly personal matter here omitted.

---------------

