
AN ACT to put to the exemption from military service of these who have heretofore furnished substitutes.

Whereas, in the circumstances of the country, it requires the aid of all who are able to bear arms" [Therefore.]

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That no person shall be exempted from military service by reason of his having furnished a substitute; but this act shall not be so construed as to affect persons who, though not liable to render military service, have nevertheless, furnished substitutes.

Approved January 5, 1864.

II. Persons rendered liable to military service by operation of the preceding acts are placed on the same footing with all others hitherto held liable by acts of Congress.

III. Persons herein rendered liable to military service are required to report as volunteers or conscripts without delay to the enrolling officers; and all who delay beyond the 1st day of February, 1864, will be considered as having renounced the privilege of volunteering, and held for assignment according to law.

IV. Enrolling officers will proceed as rapidly as practicable in the enrollment of persons herein made liable to military service. Previous to enrollment as conscripts all such persons will be allowed to volunteer in companies in service on the 16th of April, 1862; provided the company chosen does not at the time of volunteering reach the maximum number allowed; ompany being selected the volunteer will receive from the enrolling officer a certificate to the effect the he has so volunteered; and no volunteer will be received into any company except on such certificate. Person who fail to make their selection at the time of enrollment will be assigned according to existing regulations.

V. Persons who report to the enrolling officers will be enrolled and may be allowed a furlough of ten days before reporting to the camp of instruction.

VI. All persons, whether volunteers or conscripts under this order will pass through the camp of instruction of the State to which they belong, and be forwarded thence to the companies which are selected or to which they may be assigned.

VII. The Bureau of Conscription os charged with adopting proper regulations for the enforcement of this order.

VIII. All exemption heretofore granted are subject to revision under instruction from the Bureau of Conscription, and if found to be improper or unauthorized law will be revoked.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 9, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 20th ultimo, transmitting a copy of resolutions passed by the General Assembly of Georgia "expressing the determination to prosecute the present war with the utmost vigor and energy," After nearly there years of war and its attendant calamities this reaffirmation by the people of Georgia of the noble purpose which they announced at the commencement of the conflict is a cheering proof of their true appreciation of

---------------

* See VOL. II, this series, p. 1060.

---------------

