
POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 15, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have been prevented from making an earlier answer to your letter of the 3rd instant, partly by ill-health and partly by the pressure of other duties. In relation to the case of the postmaster at Ivor, Va., about which I wrote you on the 7th of January, an investigation subsequently made by a special agent of this Department shows that the complaint of the postmaster was without just foundation. It is therefore proper for me to withdraw my request for the interposition of your authority in this case. In relation to the cases presented in my letter of October 19 and November 17, our understanding of the object had in view in the passage of the law of April 14, 1863, "exempting contractors for carrying the mails, &amp;c., from military service," and of its correct interpretation, are so different that I deem it proper to state such reasons as occur to me in support of the views presented in my former letters and in answer to yours. The only point on which there seems to be a difference of opinion between us is as to whether persons who become contractors while in the military service are entitled to exemption while they remain such contractors. I should say, in passing, that the questions were raised by officers executing the law of conscription which were in my mind as well as the one above stated, when in my letter of October 19 I said that "this Department has been very much annoyed by the impediments, seemingly of every possible kind, which have been thrown in its way by the action of the conscript officers of perfecting the contracts made during the past summer for carrying the mails. " For instance, while it was assumed that no one was entitled to exemption who was in the military service at the time of making a contract, it was also assumed that no one was entitled to exemption who had no an existing contract at the date of the passage of the act exempting contractors; and in a number of cases contractors who had become such in July preceding the passage of the act of April 14, 1863, were arrested and held for military service by the conscript officers. Repeated cases of these kinds whe attention of this Department. To have carried out these constructions would have entirely defeated the purposes of the law. This will be better understood by a statement of the necessity and reasons which induced the passage of the law.

On the 11th of October, 1862, Congress repealed the act of April 21, 1862, which exempted mail contractors from the performance of military service. Bids were to be received to the 31st of March, and contracts were to be awarded on the 30th of April, 1863, pursuant to previous notice by advertisement for carrying the mails for four years, from the 1st of July, 1863, in the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. There were 887 routes to be let to contract at that time in these States. On the 11th of March, within twenty days of the expiration of the time for receiving binds, only 114 bids for these contracts had reached this Department, being 773 less than the number open to competition. The then increasing depreciation of our currency deterred persons from taking contracts at a fixed rate of compensation for the period of four years as a mere business operation, and the question had to be met whether the Government would allow the postal service to go down, or, to

