
prevent this, would exempt persons from military service who would

take contracts to carry the mail. My recommendation to Congress, through the President, for the passage of a law to exempt contractors presented precisely this case as creating the necessity for such a law, and for these reasons, and to meet this necessity, Congress passed and the President approved this law. The policy of exempting mail contractors from military service was determined by the proper lawmaking authority, upon a case presented and on facts distinctly set forth, so that it is impossible to misunderstand the object of the law. Your objection is, however, that though this may be true as to those not enrolled in the military service at the time of making contracts with this Department, it has not the effect of exempting such persons as were in the military service at the time of making such contracts.

On this point I might rest the case on the decision and authority of the Confederate and State courts, notwithstanding the opinion expressed in your letter that "by every rule of reason and usage the settled construction given by an Executive Department of the Government to an act of Congress for its action is entitled to more consideration and weight of authority than an exposition by a subordinate judicial tribunal. " I must express my dissent from the correctness of the principle announced in the lines above quoted. The true rule, as I understand it, is that the settled construction of an act of Congress by the department of Government charged with its execution, is strong persuasive evidence to the courts in favor of the correctness of that construction in cases of doubt. But under our system of Government this is the first case in which I ever heard of the assumption by any one that the construction of an act of Congress by an Executive Department of the Government was entitled to more consideration and weight of authority than its exposition by a judicial tribunal of competent jurisdiction. I use the expressi jurisdiction' instead of the expression 'subordinate judicial tribunal," because the decision of a judge of the district court of the Confederate States in a case over which the has rightful jurisdiction is conclusive as to the right of the Government and all of its departments, and of all other parties to the suit, until appealed from and reversed. Such is the effect in the case Ex parte Lane, decided in the Confederate district court held in this city, a copy of the opinion in which case I sent you with my letter of October 19. I have not been furnished with copies of the opinions of any others courts on this subject, but have seen in the newspapers and learned from other sources what purported to be the leading point in a decision made by the supreme court of the State of Georgia, which showed that that court had decided in a similar case to that of Lane, that a contractor for carrying the mails, though in the military service at the time the contract was made, was entitled under the law of April 14, 1863, to exemption. The same decision was made by a State court of Virginia of competent jurisdiction in the cases of John Surface and John C. Kinzer, and I have seen from the newspapers and heard from other sources that similar decisions have been made in several other courts in different States, while I have only heard of one judge of a State court who held a contrary opinion. So far, therefore, assuming this information to be correct, the authority of the courts would seem to be almost uniform against your construction of the act of 14th of April, 1863, exempting mail contractors. I doubt not that this law has been so conclusively settled by the courts that a disregard of the principles of these decisions by an officer of the Army by attempting to coerce military service

