
from a mail contractor would lay him liable to a civil suit in damages for an unlawful arrest and false imprisonment. And they certainly seem sufficiently conclusive to control the action of the Executive Departments of the Government, if the courts are to be regarded as the expositors of the law, and if the military is subordinate to the civil authority. If the doctrine should prevail that the construction of statutes by the Executive Departments of the Government is of paramount authority to the decisions of courts of competent jurisdiction, then there is an end, of course, to civil liberty, except in so far as it may be enjoyed by the forbearance of those departments. The form of our Government does not admit of this, nor would our people endure it. But if it were admitted that the construction of this statute by the departments could override judicial decisions, would the construction of the War Department or that of the Post-Office Department prevail? Each is interested, and who should determine which is the more interested? There must be an arbiter of this question. If this arbitrament is to depend on the possession of soldiers and bayonets, then of course it is a question not of law and right, but of force and power. But if the courts of the country are to be the arbiters, then the question is one for judicial solution, according to law and the principles of justice.

You inform me that "the views of this (the War) Department on this question of construction have been given fully in answer to a resolution of the House of Representatives during the present session, and unless Congress shall otherwise direct, these views will continue, as heretofore, to be the rule of its action. " I have not seen your response to the resolution of the House on this subject, and would in nowise feel bound by a document never brought to my notice, and which, while entitled to respect, is of no more binding authority than the opinion of a coequal branch of the Executive Government. The fact that Congress passed the law exempting mail contractors, with the express understanding that it was necessary to deprive the Army of the service of this small number of men who were necessary to keep up the postal service, and that the courts have decided that such was the effect of the law they passed, together with my protest in my last report to Congress against the action of the military authorities on the subject, are deemed sufficient to preserve the rights of this Department against any supposed assent to adverse views; and besides, it cannot rightly be assumed that Congress consents to the correctness of the interpretation of a law by one of the departments because it omits to legislate in response to said interpretation. It may well and properly leave the determination of the question as to the correctness of such interpretation to the courts, where alone the question can be authoritatively decided.

I refer you to the opinion of Jud the case of Lane for the reasons which sustain this construction of the act of April 14, 1863, to save the trouble of copying or restating them. In reference to your suggestion that the act of April 2, 1863, authorizing the discharge of certain officers from the military service throws additional light upon the proper construction of the acts of October 11, 1862, and 14th of April, 1863, I would say that the force of this suggestion seems to consist in a supposed distinction created by the use of the word "discharge" in the act of April 2, and the word "exempt" in the act of April 14. On this point I quote from the opinion of Judge Halyburton:

It is said by the counsel for Captain Follen (the conscript officer) that the act referred to does not discharge person who were in the service at the time

