
when the contract was made, but only extends to those who had entered into contracts before their enlistment; that if Congress had meant to release those who were already in service, the word" discharge" would have been used, and not the word" exempt," which, it is said, is inappropriate in such a case. The word "exempt," however, is not a technical term. It does not bear in a statute a different construction from that which belongs to it in common speech, and the lexical definition of the word along with other meanings is "free from service, charge, burden, tax, duty, &amp;c., not liable to. " If, then, it were meant to release or discharge from service a soldier who is already in service, it would be not only an intelligible but a correct expression to say that he should hereafter be "exempt" from duty; that is, to say free from duty or service. If Congress had meant that the act to which we have referred should extend to men in actual service alone, they might perhaps, and probably would, have used the word "discharged" instead of "exempt. " If, however, they intended that the law should embrace not only persons in the service, but others noword "discharged" from the service would have been inapplicable. Nor does it occur to me that they could have so well expressed their meaning in such a case by any other word as by the word "exempt" without a periphrasis.

This reasoning seems to me to be sound and to dispose of the question. It is conceded that when one enters the military service for a time agreed on, either voluntarily or by conscription, he cannot, by entering into new engagements without the consent of the Government, avoid his liability to service out his time. Hence the necessity for the passage of the law of the 2nd of April above referred to. And it was equally competent for Congress to exempt those who were in the military service, or liable to be enrolled, in order that the Government might have the benefit of their services in carrying the mails, by the act of April 14, 1863.

I have discussed this subject at this length more because of the principles involved than on account of the small number of men who may happen hereafter to be employed by this Department who would otherwise be liable to service in the Army. In my letter to you of October 19 I said:

I may also mention that there will be no other general letting of mail contracts until the summer of the year 1866, and only such additional contracts will have to be as are rendered necessary when present contractors abandon the service; and these, it is hoped, will be but few.

In my last annual report it is shown that there are but 1,253 contractors for carrying the mails in the Confederate States, and that of these only 147 had obtained contracts at nominal rates of compensation. These are presumed to be persons otherwise liable to military service, but I have no means of knowing what proportion of them were in the military service when they entered into contracts. I said in this report:

I recognize fully the necessity of calling into the military service all who are capable of bearing arms and who can be spared from other employments. But under ber to be exempted was too small to affect materially the military operations, and yet the exemption of that small number, under the circumstances which induced the adoption of the policy, was necessary to keep in successful operation the postal service and to satisfy the demands of the public by the proper and speedy transmission of intelligence.

I have no subsequent information which requires a change of the views expressed in the above extract. I may add that this Department is not singular in being compelled to ask for the services of persons otherwise liable to military duty. A number of contracts, it is understood, have been made by the War Department to supply its necessities which involve exemption. And this has doubtless been the case with other departments. Some public necessities must be met in this way at a time when so large a part of the male population

