
of the country is called into the field. I will, in all cases in which it is practicable, avoid the employment of persons in the service of this Department who are either in the Army or liable to enrollment, as I sympathize most fully with your efforts to fill up the Army.

In reference to your request that I "designate all the contractors where the parties have been discharged from the military service on writs of habeas corpus, in order that they may be reclaimed by the military authorities," I have to say that if I thought it right to aid in disregarding the judicial decisions by which these persons were discharged, I have no information which would enable me to comply with your request, except in a very few cases which have incidentally come to my knowledge. We receive bids and award contracts in the great mass of cases without seeing or knowing the contractors, and without any means of knowing whether they are in the military service or liable to enrollment, except as we infer from the low rates of their bids, and without any means of knowing who have been discharged on hat you will see from the foregoing that I do not think it would be proper to adopt the course you suggest.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 16, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Mr. SEDDON: I beg your permission to write a few words, after the style of a plain, unofficial, but earnest man, writing to a man of practical wisdom.

I feel, as intensely as it is possible to feel, the vital necessity of striking hard blows now, and striking at as many points and in as many ways as possible, so as to aid our cause and save our country.

I have perfected my plans and distributed my men, with means improvised for the purpose (since the Government has not as yet paid our force any money), and between the 1st and 15th of March, on the same day, I propose to destroy the enemy's transports, arsenals, navy-yards, stores, &amp;c., in accordance with the outline of the plan I gave you in December.

I beg that this plan be borne in mind as our link in the chain of testimony in favor of our force. On the same day at all points we mean to strike effectually, so as to exert an influence upon the spring campaign.

Honorable John B. Clark did me the kindness to advise me by letter that the Senate had passed a bill-he did not state its provisions-which might aid in facilitating my plans, which he supposed would also be passed by the House. This led me to conclude it was the bill which you informed me in our latest interview you would propose and submit to the Military Committee, for the purpose of putting this secret service upon a systematic and legal footing, and hen would give me those facilities which I asked in some written propositions submitted at your suggestion.

Mr. Seddon, please do me the kindness to take ten minutes of your overtaxed time, and give me the commission or order or direction or authority or recognition which will enable me to prosecute this work vigorously and systematically, and I promise you to render a good account of our labors.

