
I visit my family for a few days, with whom I have spent one week in two and a half years. I shall be much gratified to receive your orders, and for twenty days to come my address will be Hebron, S. C.

With great respect, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH W. TUCKER.

[FEBRUARY 16, 1864. -For Magruder to Smith, with reference to the action of the Governor and Legislature of Texas in relation to the transfer of State troops to the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 973.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 17, 1864.

Honorable JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General:

SIR: I have received your favor of the 25th [15th] instant in reply to mine f the 3rd instant.

It has received the consideration due alike from my personal respect toward yourself, the importance of the principles involved, and the ability with which your views are presented.

It is evident that further discussion between us will not result in a change of opinions now held, and, while I am unable to concur with you, I have no hope of inducing you to agree with me, so that no good could result from any review of your letter.

I am pleased to learn from you of your being satisfied that the complaint of the postmaster at ivor was not well founded, and thank you for the frankness with which it was communicated.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Address of Congress to the people of the Confederate States.

JOINT RESOLUTION in relation to the war.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the present is deemed a fitting occasion to remind the people of the Confederate States that they are engaged in a struggle for the preservation both of liberty and civilization; and that no sacrifice of life of fortune can be too costly which may be requisite to secure to themselves and their posterity the enjoyment of these inappreciable blessings; and also to assure them that, in the judgment of the Congress, the resources of the country, if developed with energy, husbanded with care and applied with fidelity, are more than sufficient for our independence; and to exhort them, by every consideration which can influence freemen and patriots to a magnanimous surrender of all personal and party feuds; to an indignant rebuke of every exhibition of factious temper, in whatever quarter, or upon whatever pretext it may be made; to a generous support of all branches of the Government in the legitimate exercise of their constitutional powers; and to that harmonious, unselfish, and patriotic co-operation which

