
the importance of the struggle in which we are engaged, and of the spirit and resolution which alone can secure to us its successful issue. This high spirit and undaunted resolution have marked the conduct of the people of Georgia since the beginning of the war-have been illustrated on many battle-fields, and have found expression at every fireside throughout the State.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA STATE GUARD,
Atlanta, January 9, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The importance of providing for the state of things that will arise the first of next month when the State Guard go out of service must be my apology for again calling your attention to the subject.

As you are aware, many of the men now in the State Guard will be liable to conscription under the late act of Congress and many others expect to be made so by the anticipated action of Congress. In this state of things I am strongly persuaded that a very respectable command could be get out of these troops for the war if I could be authorized to organize new companies and regiments. It the authority could be granted immediately I would set to work and have the new organizations ready to take the place of the State Guard. The authority should be to organize companies and regiments from any of the troops now in the State Guard service.

I know that the policy of the Government is to fill up the ranks of the old regiments in the field, and in many respects it would be far better, but when you remember the character of those who have heretofore had substitutes you will understand how reluctant they will be to go into the ranks of the old regiments. Our object should be to make the service as acceptable as possible to all our soldiers. Men make better soldiers and do all their duties far better when they feel content and satisfied than when forced against their will to serve with those with whom they feel no sympathy. My own opinion is that we would get more soldiers and better ones by allowing new organizations to be formed, but I do not put this application upon that ground. The old organizations should be filled up as far as possible, but there are many cases in which it would be better to allow new ones to be formed among those who are going for the first time the regular service. Be this as it may, I am sure that the authority I now ask for affords the most certain and satisfactory mode of meeting the exigency that will arise on the expiration of the term of service of the Georgia State Guard on the 1st of February. The time is short and hence I ask that you answer by telegraph, as well as letter, if you grant the authority. I strongly recommend it.

I am, with sentiment os sincere re, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, &c.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 16, 1864. .

Respectfully submitted to the President.

the views of General Cobb differ from those I entertain, yet such confidence is felt both in his judgment and patriotism that I prefer

