
severely condemned and denounced by the most eminent publicists in Europe and the United States. The United States, "in their diplomatic relations, have ever maintained," says the Northern authority just quoted, "that slaves were private property, and for them, as such, they have repeatedly received compensation from England. " Napoleon I was never induced to issue a proclamation for the emancipation of the serfs in his war with Russia. He said:

I could have armed against her a part of her population by proclaiming the liberty of the serfs. A great number of villages asked it of me, but I refused do avail myself of a measure which would have devoted a death thousands of families.

In the discussion growing out of the treaty of peace of 1814 and the proffered mediation of Russia, the principle was maintained by the United States that "the emancipation of enemy's slaves is not among the acts of legitimate warfare. " In the instructions from John Quincy Adams, as Secretary of State, to Mr. Middleton, at Saint Petersburg, October 18, 1820, it is said:

The British have broadly asserted the right of emancipating slaves (private property) as a legitimate right of war. No such right is acknowledged as a law of war by writers who admit any limitation. The right of putting to death all prisoners in cold blood, and without specias well be pretended to be a law of war, or the right to use poisoned weapons, or to assassinate.

Disregarding the teachings of the approved writers on international law, and the practice and claims of his own. Government in its purer days, President Lincoln has sought to convert the South into a San Domingo, by appealing to the cupidity, lusts, ambition, and ferocity of the slave. Abraham Lincoln is but the lineal descendant of Dunmore, and the impotent malice of each was foiled by the fidelity of those who, by the meanness of the conspirators, would only, if successful, have been seduced into idleness, filth, vice, beggary, and death.

But we tire of these indignities and enormities. They are too sickening for recital. History will hereafter pillory those who committed and encouraged such crimes in immortal infamy.

General Robert E. Lee in a recent battle order stated to his invincible legions, that "the cruel foe seeks to reduce our father and mothers, our wives and children, to abject slavery. " He does not paint too strongly the purposes of the enemy or the consequences of subjugation. What has been done in certain districts is but the prologue of the bloody drama that will be enacted. it is well that every man and woman should have some just conception of the horrors of conquest. The fate of Ireland at the period of its conquest, and of Poland, distinctly foreshadows what would await us. The guillotine, in its ceaseless work of blood, would be revived for the execution of the 'rebel leaders. " The heroes of our contest would be required to lay down their proud ensigns, on which are recorded the battle-fields of their glory, to stack their arms, lower their heads in humiliation and dishonor, and pass under the yoke of Abolition misrule and tyranny. A hateful inquisition, made atrocious by spies and informers; star-chamber courts, enforcing their decisions by confiscations, imprisonments, banishments, and death; a band of detectives, ferreting out secrets, lurking in every family, existing in every conveyance; the suppression of free speech; the deprivation of arms and franchises; and the ever present sense of inferiority would make our condition abject and miserable beyond what freemen can imagine.

