
For incidental and contingent expenses of the War Department, ninety thousand dollars.

For compensation of Commissioner and chief clerk of Indian affairs, and incidental expenses of Bureau, two thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars.

For contingent expenses of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, fifty thousand dollars.

For incidental and contingent expenses of the Army, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT. -For pay of officers and privates of the Army, volunteers, militia, &amp;c., seventy-three million eight hundred and three thousand five hundred and fifty-one dollars.

For the service of the Quartermaster's Department, one hundred and sixty-two million eighty-one thousand five hundred and forty-four dollars.

For pay of officers, their fuel and quarters, laborers, employees, and agents, hire of teamsters, rent of officers, material, labor and building shore-houses, and incidental expenses required to collect and preserve the tax in kind, from July the first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to June the thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, five million three hundred and thirteen thousand two hundred and four dollars.

For railroad transportation of the articles collected under the tax in kind, one million five hundred thousand dollars.

For grain bags to be used for transportation of the grain collected under the tax in kind, three million two hundred and forty thousand dollars.

For purchase of wagons, teams and equipments, two million one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.

* * *

For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers and privates, and clerks, including current and extraordinary expenses in the Bureau of Conscription, four million eight hundred and sixty-eight thousand four hundred and sixty-seven dollars.

For the purpose of making purchases of cotton, naval stores, and other produce under the direction of the President, to meet the engagements of the Government, and to purchase necessary army, navy and other supplies, twenty millions of dollars.

For compensation of agents, sub-agents and contingent expenses of collecting the tax in kind on tobacco, one hundred thousand dollars.

* * *

For transportation of troops and their baggage, of quartermasters' stores, subsistence, ordnance and ordnance stores, from place of purchase to troops in the field, purchase of horses, mules, wagons and harness, purchase of lumber, nails, iron and steel for store-houses, quarters for troops and other repairs, hire of teamsters, laborers, &c., seventy million six hundred and thirty thousand four hundred and forty-six dollars.

For pay for horses killed in battle, under act. Numbers 48, section 7, and for which provisions is to be made, one hundred thousand dollars.

To pay for property pressed into the service of the Confederate States, under appraisement, and said property having been either lost or applies to the service, two hundred thousand dollars.

For the sustenance of prisoners of war, under act Numbers 181, section 1, and the hire of the necessary prisons, quarters, &c., for the safe-

