
keeping of the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, one million dollars.

COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT. -For the purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, fifty-seven million nine hundred and eighty-eight thousand dollars.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT. -For the ordnance service in all its branches, twenty-three million dollars.

For the niter and mining service, nine million five hundred thousand dollars.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT. -For engineer service, ten million dollars.

MEDICAL DEPARTMENT. -For pay of physicians employed by contract, two hundred thousand dollars.

For pay of nurses and cooks not enlisted or volunteers, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital laundresses, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For purchase of medical and hospital supplies, fifteen million four hundred and twenty thousand dollars.

For the establishment and support of military hospitals, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For the pay of hospital stewards, one hundred thousand dollars.

For the pay of matrons, assistant matrons and ward matrons and ward matrons, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

* * *

For loss of slaves which have been impressed by Confederate authorities, or under State laws for the use of the Confederate Government, and while engaged in laboring on the public defenses, have escaped to the enemy, or died, or contracted diseases which have, after their discharge, resulted fatally, three million one hundred and eight thousand dollars.

Approved February 17, 1864.

FEBRUARY 17, 1864.

An act passed in secret session and approved this date "to organize bodies for the capture and destruction of the enemy's property by land or sea and to authorize compensation for the same. "

1. 194. -Introduce by Sparrow January 20, 1864. Passed Senate February 3, 1864. Passed House with amendment February 9, 1864. Laid on table in Senate February 10, 1864. Senate concurred in House amendment February 12, 1864. engrossed and signed February 17, 1864. Approved February 17, 1864.

JOINT RESOLUTION in reference to the adoption and publication of an address to the people of the Confederate States.

Resolves by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the address to the people of the Confederate States, prepared and reported by the join committee of the two Houses, appointed for that purpose at the present session of Congress, be and the same is hereby adopted as an address of the Congress of the Confederate States to the people of said States; * and that forty thousand copies of

---------------

*See p. 126.

---------------

