
submitting the matter to the consideration and decision of Your Excellency. it will be noted an early reply is requested.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of war.

[Second indorsement.]

The law forbids. A recent resolution of Congress is on the point.

J. D.

[JANUARY 9, 1864. -For Polk to Cooper, in relation to raising troops in the enemy's line, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part II, p. 540.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 4. Richmond, January 11, 1864.

I. AN ACT authorizing the tax in kind on bacon to be commuted by collection of salt pork as an equivalent.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That assistant quartermaster and other agents engaged in the collection of tax in kind may be authorized, under orders and regulations made by the Secretary of War, to demand and receive, in commutation for the tax in kind on bacon, an equivalent therefor in salt pork.

Approved December 28, 1863.

II. The foregoing act of Congress being now in force, the officers mentioned in the act are hereby authorized to demand and receive, in commutation for the tax in kind, an equivalent in salt pork. In estimating what shall be an equivalent reference hall be made, as far as practicable, to the schedule rates established by the appraisers appointed under the fifth section of the act of Congress relative to impressments. But the Quartermaster-General may direct a variation may be deemed advisable, for the interest of the public service.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 8. Richmond, January 11, 1864.

* * * *

XXVIII. Lieutenant Colonel R. Snowden Andrews, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed to Europe and report to Colonel T. S. Rhett as an associate in the duties which he has been ordered to perform.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
Tallahassee, January 11, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va:

SIR: I am informed by the judges of probate and county commissioners of several counties in the State that they cannot procure the

