
said address be printed, with the names of the members of this Congress present at the time of its adoption.

Approved February 17, 1864.

JOIN RESOLUTION explanatory of the act entitled "An act to lay taxes for the common defense and carry on the Government," approved the twenty-fourth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the daily wages of detailed soldiers and other employees of the Government are not liable to taxation as income, although they may amount in the aggregate to the sum of one thousand dollars per annum.

Approved February 17, 1864.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to lay taxes for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States," approved April twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That an act entitled "An act to lay taxes for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States," approved April twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby, amended to as to read as follows:

SECTION 1. That every person engaged or intending to engage, in any business named in the fourth section of this act, shall, within sixty days after the passage of this act, or at the time of beginning business, and on the first day of January in each year thereafter, register with the district collector, in such form as the Commissioner of Taxes shall prescribe, a true account of the name and residence of each person, firm or corporation engaged or interested in the business, with a statement of the time for which, and the place and manner in which, the same is to be conducted and of all other facts going to ascertain the amount of tax upon business, for the past or future, according to the provisions of this act. At the time of such registry, there shall be paid to the collector the specific tax for the year ending on the next thirty-first of December, and such other tax as may be due upon sales or receipts in such business, at the time of such registry, as herein provided; and the collector shall give to the person making such registry a copy thereof, with a receipt for the amount of the tax then paid.

SEC. 2. That any person failing to make the registry, and to pay the tax required by the preceding section, shall, in addition to all other taxes upon his business imposed by this act, pay double the amount of the specific tax on such business, and a like sum for every thirty days of such failure.

SEC. 3. That except where herein otherwise provided, there shall be a separate registry and tax for each business mentioned in the fourth section of this act, and for each place of conducting the same, but no tax shall be required for the mere storage of goods at a place other than the registered place of business. Upon every change in the place of conducting a registered business there shall be a new registry, but no additional tax shall be required. Upon the death of any person conducting a business, registered and taxed as herein

