
required, or upon the transfer of the business to another, the business shall not be subjected to any additional tax, but there shall be a new registry in the name of the person authorized by law to continue the business.

SEC. 4. That upon each trade, business or occupation hereinafter named, the following taxes shall be levied and paid for the year ending on the thirty-first of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and for each and every year thereafter, viz:

I. Bankers shall pay five hundred dollars. Every person shall be deemed a banker, within the meaning of this act, who keeps a place of business where credits are opened in favor of any person, firm or corporation, by the deposit or collection of money or currency, and by whom the same or any part thereof, shall be paid out or remitted upon the draft, check or order of such creditor; but not to include any bank legally authorized to issue notes as circulation, nor agents for the sale of merchandise for account of producers or manufacturers.

II. Auctioneers shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made: Provided, however, That on all sales at auction of stock or securities for money, the tax shall be one-fourth of one per centrum on the gross amount of sales. Every person shall be deemed and auctioneer, within the meaning of this act, whose occupation it is to offer property for sale, to the highest or best bidder, at public outcry. The tax upon the auctioneers shall be deemed a tax upon the personal privilege, to be paid by each individual engaged in the business, and without regard to the place to which the same is conducted. No tax shall be required upon auction sales made for dealers in a business registered and taxed, and at their place of business, upon official sales at auction, made by judicial or executive officers, or by personal representatives, guardians or committees.

III. Wholesale dealers in liquors, of any and every description, including distilled spirits, fermented liquors and wines of all kinds, shall pay two hundred dollars and five per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Every person, other than the distiller or brewer, who shall sell, or offer for sale, any such liquors or wines, in quantities of more than three gallons at one time to the same purchaser, shall be regarded as a wholesale dealer in liquors within the meaning of this act. All persons who shall sell, or offer for sale, any such liquors or wines, in quantities less than three gallons at one time to the same person, shall be regarded as a retail dealer in liquors.

IV. Retail dealers in liquors, including distilled spirits, fermented liquors, and wines of every description, shall pay one hundred dollars and ten per centrum on the gross amount of all sales made.

V. Retail dealers, whose quarterly sales shall exceed one hundred dollars, and shall be less than five hundred dollars, shall pay twenty-five dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made; and where quarterly sales exceed five hundred dollars, the specific tax shall be fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Every person whose business or occupation it is to sell, or offer to sell, groceries or any goods, wares, merchandise, or other things of foreign or domestic production, in less quantities than a whole original piece or package at one time to the same person (not including wines, spirituous or malt liquors), shall be regarded as a retail dealer under this act: Provided, however, That any mechanic who shall sell only the products of the labor of himself and his own family, shall be exempt from this tax.

