
VI. Wholesale dealers shall pay two hundred dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of all sales made. Every person whose business or occupation it is to sell, or offer to sell, groceries, or any goods, wares or merchandise of foreign or domestic production, by one or more original packages or pieces at one time, to the same purchaser, not including wines, spirituous or malt liquors; and every person whose business it is to sell, or offer to sell, slaves, shall be deemed as a wholesale dealer under this act; but having been registered as a wholesale dealer, such person may also sell as aforesaid as a retailer: Provided, That contractors working for and selling their own products exclusively to the Confederate States, to an amount not exceeding five thousand dollars a year, and such dealers as sell exclusively to consumers, and not to others to sell again, shall not be regarded as wholesale, but as retail dealers.

VII. Pawnbrokers shall pay two hundred dollars. Every person whose business or occupation it is to take or receive by way of pledge, favor or exchange, any goods, wares or merchandise of any kind of personal property whatever, for the repayment or security of on, shall be deemed a pawnbroker under this act.

VIII. Distillers shall pay two hundred dollars and twenty per centrum on the gross amount of all sales made; and also twenty per centrum on the value of all liquors distilled for any other person, and the tax on distillers shall be a lien on the still or stills used, and upon the other fixtures and articles for carrying on the business, and shall have priority over all other liens or claims. Every person or copartnership who distills or manufactures spirituous liquors for others, or for sale, shall be deemed a distiller under this act: Provided, however, That distillers of fruit, for ninety days or less, shall pay sixty dollars, and also fifty cents per gallon on the first ten gallons, and two dollars per gallon on all spirits distilled beyond that quantity.

IX. Brewers shall pay one hundred dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Every person who manufactures fermented liquors, of any name or description for sale, from malt, wholly or in part, shall be deemed a brewer under this act.

X. Hotels, inns, taverns and eating-houses shall be classified and rated according to the yearly rental, or if not rented, according to the estimated value of the house or property occupied, or intended to be occupied, as a hotel, inn, tavern or eating-house, as follows, viz: In cases here the actual or estimated rent shall amount to ten thousand dollars or more, they shall constitute the first class, and pay an annual sum of five hundred dollars. In cases where said rent shall be fire thousand, and less than ten thousand dollars, they shall constitute a second class, and pay an annual sum of three hundred dollars. And in cases where said rent shall be two thousand five hundred dollars, and less than five thousand dollars, they shall constitute the third class, and pay an annual sum of two hundred dollars. In cases where said ret shall be one thousand dollars, and less than twenty-five hundred dollars, they shall constitute the fourth class, and pay an annual sum of one hundred dollars. And in cases where said rent shall be less than one thousand dollars, they shall constitute the fifth class, and pay an annual sum of thirty dollars. Every place where food and lodgings, or lodgings only, are provided for travelers, sojourners, or boarders, in view of payment therefor, the income or receipts from which amount to five hundred dollars from that source, shall be regarded to hotel, inn or tavern, under this act. XI. That every place where food or refreshments of any kind or provided for casual visitors, and sold for consumption therein, and

