
every boarding-house in which there shall be six boarders or more, shall be deemed an eating-house under this act.

XII. Brokers shall pay two hundred dollars. Any person whose business it is to purchase and sell stocks, coined money, bank notes, or other securities for themselves or others, or who deals in exchanges relating to money, shall be deemed a broker under this act.

XIII. Commercial brokers, or commission merchants, shall pay two hundred dollars and two and a half per centrum upon all sales made. Any person or firm, except one registered as a wholesale dealer or a banker, whose business it is, as the agent of others, to purchase or sell goods, or seek orders therefor, in original or unbroken packages, or produce consigned by others than the producers, to manage business matters for the owners of vessels, or for the shippers or consigners of goods, or whose business it is to purchase, rent, hire or sell real estate or negroes, shall be deemed a commercial broker or commission merchant, under this act.

XIV. Tobacconists shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales. Any person whose business it is to sell, at retail, cigars, snuff or tobacco, in any form, shall be deemed a tobacconist under this act; but registered wholesale and retail dealers shall not taxed as tobacconists.

XV. Theaters shall pay five hundred dollars and vie per centrum on all receipts, which tax shall be paid by the owner of the building. Every edifice used for the purpose of dramatic representations, plays or performances, and not including halls rented or used occasionally for concerts or theatrical representations, shall be regarded as a theater under this act. Each circus shall pay one hundred dollars, and a tax of ten dollars for each exhibition; which tax shall be paid by the manager thereof. Every building, tent, or space, or area, where feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports are exhibited, shall be regarded as a circus under this act. Every person who performs by sleight of hand shall be regarded as a juggler under this act: Provided, Thate in one State shall be held to authorized exhibitions in another State, and but one registry shall be required under this act to authorize exhibitions in any one State.

XVI. Bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms shall pay forty dollars for each alley or billiard-table registered, which tax shall be paid by the owner thereof. Every place or building where bowls are thrown, or billiards played, and open to the public with or without price, shall be regarded as a bowling-alley or billiard-room, respectively, under this act.

XVII. Livery stable keepers shall pay fifty dollars. Any person whose occupation or business it is to keep horses for hire or to let shall be regarded as a livery stable keeper under this act.

XVIII. Cattle brokers shall pay the sum of fifty dollars, and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Any person whose business it is to buy and sell and deal in cattle, horses, hogs or sheep, shall be considered a cattle broker.

XIX. Butchers and bakers shall pay the sum of fifty dollars and one per centrum on the gross amount of the sales made. Any person whose business it is to butcher and sell, or offer for sale in open market, or otherwise, the flesh of cattle, hogs or sheep, shall be deemed a butcher under this act; and any person whose business it is to bake and sell, or offer for sale, bread, shall be deemed a baker under this act.

