
XX. Peddlers shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per cent. on the gross sales. Any person, except persons engaged in peddling exclusively periodicals, books, newspapers (published in the Confederate States), bibles, or religious tracts, who sells or offers to sell at retail, goods, wares or other commodities, traveling with his goods from place to place, in the streets, or through different parts of the country, shall be deemed a peddler under this act: Provided, That only peddler who sells or offers to sell dry goods, foreign or domestic, by one or more original pieces of packages at one time, and to the same person or persons as aforesaid, shall pay one hundred dollars and two and a half per cent. on the gross sales; and any person who peddles jewelry shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross sales. The tax upon peddlers shall be deemed a tax on the personal privilege, to be paid by each individual engaged in the business, without regard to the place at which the same in conducted.

XXI. Apothecaries shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Every person who keeps a shop or building where medicines are compounded or prepared according to prescriptions of physicians, and sold, shas an apothecary under this act.

XXII. Photographers shall pay the sum of fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales made. Any person or persons who make for sale photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes or pictures on glass, metal, proper or other material, by the action of light, shall be regarded a photographer under this act.

XXIII. Lawyers, actually engaged in practice, shall pay fifty dollars. Every person whose business it is, for fee or reward, to prosecute or defend causes in any court of record, or other judicial tribunal of the Confederate States, or of any State, or give advice in relation to causes or matters pending therein, shall be deemed a lawyer within the meaning of this act.

XXIV. Physicians, surgeons and dentists, actually engaged in the practice, shall pay fifty dollars. Every person whose business it is, for fee or reward, to prescribe remedies or perform surgical operations for the cure of any bodily disease or ailing, shall be deemed a physician, surgeon or dentist, within the meaning of this act, as the case may be; and the provisions of paragraph number twenty-one shall not extend to physicians who keep on hand medicines solely for the purpose of making upon lawyers, physicians, surgeons and dentists, shall be deemed a tax upon he personal privilege, to be paid by each individual in the business and without regard to the place at which the same is conducted: Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not apply to physicians and surgeons exclusively engaged in the Confederate service.

XXV. Confections shall pay fifty dollars and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales. Every person who sells at retail, confectionery, sweet-meats, comfits or other confects, in any building, shall be regarded as a confectioner under this act.

SEC. 5. That every person registered and taxed upon the gross amount of sales as aforesaid, shall be required on the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to make a list or return to the assessor of the district, of the gross amount of such sales as aforesaid, viz: from the passage of this act to the thirtieth day of

