
of the boat or vessel, if not owned by the person running the same, or if owned by him, a reasonable allowance for the wear and tear of the same, no exceeding ten per centrum per annum, and also the cost of running the boat or vessel.

IV. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from boat or ship building, there shall be deducted from the gross receipts of his occupation, including the value of the boat or ship when finished, if built for himself, the cost of the labor actually hired and paid by himself, and the prime cost of the materials, if purchased by him.

V. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from the sale of merchandise or any other property, real or personal, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of sales the prime cost of the property sold, including the cost of transportation, salaries of clerks actually paid and the rent of the buildings employed in the business, if hired and not owned by himself.

VI. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from the sale of merchandise or any other property, real or personal, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of sales the prime cost of the property sold, including the cost of transportation, salaries of clears actually paid and the rent of the buildings employed in the business, if hired and not owned by himself.

VI. If the income by derived by the tax-payer from any other occupation, profession, employment or business, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of fees, compensation, profits, earnings or commissions, the salaries of clerks actually paid, and the rent of the office or other building used in the business, if hired and not owned by himself, the cost of labor actually paid, and the rent of the office or other building used in the business, if hired and not owned by himself, the cost of labor actually paid, and not owned by himself, and the cost of material other than machinery purchased for the use of his business, or to be converted into some other form in the course of his business, and in the case of mutual insurance companies the amount of losses paid by them during the year. The income derived from all other sources shall be subject to no deduction whatever, nor shall foreigners be subject to a tax upon any other income than that derived from property owned, or occupations or employments pursued by them within the Confederate States; and in estimating incomes there shall be included the interest, dividends, profits or other proceeds of money or credits of every description, on which such interest, dividends, profits or other proceeds shall have accrued for the year, whether received or not and the value of the estimated annual rental of all dwelling-houses, buildings or building-lots in cities, towns or villages, occupied by the owners, or owned and not occupied or hired, and the value of the estimated annual hire of all slaves, not engaged on plantations or farms, and not employed in some business or occupations, the profits of which are taxed as income under this act. When the income shall be thus ascertained, all of those which do not exceed five hundred dollars per annum, shall be exempt from taxation. On all incomes received during the year over five hundred dollars and not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars, a tax of five per cent. shall be paid. On all incomes over fifteen hundred dollars, and less than three thousand dollars, five per cent. shall be paid on the first fifteen hundred dollars and ten per cent. on all excess. On all incomes of or over three thousand dollars and less than five thousand dollars, a tax of ten per cent. shall be paid. On all incomes of (or) over five thousand dollars, and less than ten thousand dollars, a tax of twelve and a half per cent. shall be paid; and on all incomes of (or) over ten thousand dollars, a tax of fifteen per cent. shall be paid. All joint stock companies and corporations shall reserve one-tenth of the annual earnings sent apart for dividend and reserve fund, to be paid to the collector of the Confederate tax, and the divided then paid to the stockholder shall not be estimated as a part of his income for the purposes of this act. All persons shall give in an estimate of their income and profits derived from any other source whatever, and in so doing shall first

