
SEC. 10. That each farmer and planter in the Confederate States, shall pay and deliver to the Confederate Government, of the products of the present year, one-tenth of the wheat, corn, oats, rye, buckwheat or rice, Irish potatoes, and of the cured hay and fodder; also one-tenth of the sugar, molasses made of cane, or of sorghum, where more than thirty gallons are made, cotton, wool and tobacco; the cotton ginned and packed in some secure manner, and tobacco stripped and packed in boxes; the cotton to the delivered by him on or before the first day of March, and the tobacco on or before the first day of July, next after their production. Each farmer or planter shall deliver to the Confederate Government, for its use, one-tenth of the peas, beans, and ground peas produced and gathered by him during the present year. As soon as each of the aforesaid crops are made ready for market, the tax assessor, in case of disagreement between him and the tax-payer, shall proceed to estimate the same, in the following manner: The assessor and tax-payer shall each select a disinterested freeholder from the vicinage, who may call in a third, in case of a difference of opinion, to settle the matter in dispute; or if the tax-payer neglects or refuses to select one such freeholder, the said assessor shall select two, who shall proceed to assess the crops as herein provided. They shall ascertain the amount of the crops, either by actual measurement or by computing the contents of the rooms or houses in which they are held, when a correct computation is practicable by such a method, and the appraisers shall then estimate, under oath, the quantity and quality of said crops, including what may have been sold or consumed by the producer, prior to said estimate, whether gathered or not, excepting from said estimates such portion of said crops as may be necessary to raise and fatten the hogs of such farmer, planter or grazier for pork: Provided, That the following persons shall be exempt from the payment of the tax in kind, imposed by this section, viz:

I. Each head of a family not worth more (than) five hundred dollars.

II. Each head of a family with minor children, not worth more than five hundred dollars for himself, and one hundred dollars for each minor living with him, and five hundred dollars in addition thereto for each minor son he has living or may have lost, or had disabled in the military or naval service.

III. Each officers, soldier or seaman, in the Army or Navy, or who has been discharged therefrom for wounds, and is not worth more than one thousand dollars.

IV. Each widow of any officer, soldier or seaman, who has died in the military or naval service, the widow not worth more than one thousand dollars: Provided, That in all cases where the farmer or planter does not produce more than fifty bushels of Irish potatoes, two hundred bushels of corn, or twenty bushels of peas and beans he shall not be subject to the tax in kind on said articles, or either of them; and the forage derived from the corn plant shall, also be exempt in all cases where the corn is not taxed in kind; neither shall any farmer or planter, who does not produce more than ten pounds of wool, or more than fifteen pounds of ginach member of the family, be subject to said tax in kind. The tax assessor, after allowing the exemptions authorized in this section, shall assess the value of the portion of said crops to which the Government is entitled and shall give a written statement of this estimate to the collector, and a copy of the same to the producer. The said producer shall be

