
corn necessary to support the soldiers' families. I am also informed that large amounts of corn have been collected as tithes at various depots which cannot be transported from the State before it will be serious damages, and that the amount is more than is sufficient to sustain the troops now in service in the State. Presuming the facts stated to be true, there are two reasons why I should be pleased to received from Colonel Northrop an order his officers, at points in the State where it can be spared, to deliver to my order for the use of soldiers' families an aggregate of 10,000 or 12,000 bushels of corn upon payment of the amount per bushel at which its value has been fixed by the commissioners of the State and Confederate States. It will prevent a loss to the Confederate Government and will save the families of soldiers from suffering. The question may be asked, Is there not corn in the State sufficient for the wants of the citizens besides that received as tithes? And if the Government shall need corn during the year, can it be obtained? I believe there is corn enough in parts of the State for the general supply, and if the Government shall now spare the corn from the tithes, that hereafter a large amount may be obtained from the farmers if needed. If it is asked why it is not purchased by the country commissioners from those who have it, the reply is that country commissioners have no legal right to impress, and therefore cannot purchase. I admit that this is an unhappy state of affairs, but it is beyond my control.

My opinion is that if the soldiers' families were supplies as I propose, many who now hold and refuse to sell their corn would be glad to sell at less than prices now affixed, and if needed by the Confederate Government they would necessarily by compelled to sell to avoid impressments, and that the corn and subsistence received as tithes, which the Government has not the means of transporting, should be used to sustain the troops in service here and the families of soldi assistance, and then if there shall be a need for more, those who have to spare should be made to do so unless they willingly supply the demands of the Government. From person observation lately made, I am enabled to state that there are immense quantities of provender, especially in Southwestern Georgia, awaiting transportation and being injured and lost to the Government for the want of means to transport it. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of bales of fodder have already been injured and useless. To remedy the evil, why should not the Government, by contract or impressment take charge of the passenger trains a few weeks, remove the seats and transport in them the provender and subsistence needed by our armies, which is being injured and lost for the want of transportation? Recently I have received communications from General Parry's brigade, copies of which are inclose. In a latter addressed to the President, dated October 5, 1863, I wrote, in consequence of General Lee's letter to me, as follows:

With regard to the return of General Perry's brigade and the recruiting of it as proposed, I would respectfully suggest, I compliance with the views of General Lee for supplying the place of General Perry's brigade with other troops, that the First Regiment of Georgia Regulars and the Sixty-fourth Georgia regiment, now in this State, would constitute a larger force than General Perry's brigade, and if General Cobb had been absent from the State when I received General Lee's letter I should have submitted to his consideration the propriety and necessity of the change.

The regiments were suggested because I believed them to be better drilled and better qualified to supply the place of General Perry's brigade than any other I could suggest. The Sixty-fourth Regiment

