
include such rent in kind in his statement of income; and discharge the tenant from so much of his rent to the lessor.

SEC. 11. That every farmer, planter or grazier, or other person who slaughters hogs, shall exhibit to the assessor on or abut the first of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, an account of all the hogs he may have slaughtered since the passage of this act, and before that time. After the delivery of this estimate to the post quartermaster hereinafter mentioned, by the assessor, the said farmer, planter, grazier, or other person who slaughters hogs shall deliver and equivalent for one-tenth of the same in cured bacon, at the rate of sixty pounds of bacon to the one hundredweight of pork; that on the first of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, an estimate shall be made, as hereinbefore provided, of the value of all neat cattle, horses, mules not used in cultivation, and asses owned by each person in the Confederate States, and upon such value the said owner shall be taxed one per centrum, to be paid on the first day of January next ensuing. If the grazier, planter or farmer shall have sold beeves since the passage of this act, and prior to the first day of November, the gross proceeds of such sales shall be estimated and taxed as income, after deducting therefrom the money actually paid for the purchase of such beeves, if they have been actually paid for the purchase of such beeves, if they have been actually purchased, and the value of the corn or peas consumed by them. The estimate of these items shall be made, in case of disagreement between the assessor and tax-payer, as herein provided in other cases of income tax: Provided, That no farmer, planter, grazier, or other person, who shall not slaughter more than two hundred and fifty pounds of net pork during any year, shall be subject to the bacon tithe imposed by this section; and every officer, soldier or seaman, in the military or naval service, or who may have been discharged therefrom on account of wounds, or physical disability, and any window of such officer, soldier or seaman, or any head of a family, who does not own more than two cows and calves, shall be exempt from the tax imposed by this section on neat cattle.

SEC. 12. That the Secretary of War shall divided the service of the Quartermaster's Department into two branches-one herein denominated post quartermasters, for the collection of the articles paid for taxes in kind, and the other for distribution to the proper points for supplying the Army, and for delivering cotton and tobacco to the agents of the Secretary of the Treasury. The tax assessor shall transfer the estimate of articles due from each person by way of a tax in kind, to the duly authorized post quartermaster, taking from the said quartermaster a receipt, which shall be filed as a voucher with the chief collector in settling his account, and a copy of this receipt shall be furnished by the chief collector to the auditor settling the post quartermaster's account as a charge against him. The post quartermaster receiving the estimate shall collect from the tax-payer the articles which it specifies, and which he is bound to pay and deliver as a tax to the Confederate Government. The post quartermaster shall be liable for the safe custody of the articles placed in his care, and shall account for the same by showing that after proper deductions from unavoidable loss, the residue has been delivered to the distributing agents as evidenced by their receipts. The said post quartermasters shall also state the accounts of the quartermasters receiving from him the articles delivered in payment of taxes in kind at his depot, and make a monthly report of the same to such officer as the Secretary of War may designate: Provided, That in case the post

