
and control of the War Department, and shall receive the same compensation, for such time as they may be employed, as is allowed to other agents of the Quartermaster's Department.

SEC. 14. That the estimates of incomes and profits, other than those payable in kind, and the statements or bills for the amount of the specific tax on occupations, employments, business and professions, and of taxes on gross sales, shall be diverted by the assessor to the collector of the district, who shall give him a receipt for the same, and the said assessor shall file his receipt with the chief tax collector shall be paid to the chief tax collector of the State, and the estimates, statements or bills aforesaid, shall be arranged by the assessor, and general lists shall be made by section thirteen of the assessment act.

SEC. 15. That every person who, as trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, executor or administrator, or as agent, attorney in fact, or factor of any person or persons, whether residing in the Confederate States or not, and every receiver in chancery, clerk, register, or other officer of any court, shall be answerable for the doing of all such acts, matters and things as shall be required to be done in order to the assessment of the money, property, products and income under their control and the payment of taxes thereon, and shall be indemnified against all and every persons for all payments on account of taxes herein specified, and shall be responsible for all taxes due from the estates, income, money or property in their possession or under their control.

SEC. 16. The income and moneys of hospitals, asylums, churches, schools and colleges shall be exempt from te provisions of this act.

SEC. 17. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to make all rules and regulations necessary to the operations of this act and not inconsistent herewith.

SEC. 18. This act shall be in force for two years after the expiration of present year, and the taxes herein imposed for the present year shall be levied and collected each year thereafter in the manner and form herein prescribed, and for the said time of two years, unless this act shall be sooner repealed.

Approved February 17, 1864.

STATE OF GEORGIA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Atlanta, February 17, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of my returned communication to you of the 30th ultimo. I respectfully express my thanks for the promptness with which my communication was honored. I am fearful, however, that the indorsement of Quartermaster-General A. R. Lawton, will not remove the impediments thrown in the way of my agents by military commanders. I therefore inclose you this indorsement, and beg that you will furnish me such an order as will enable me to secure the supplies which General Lawton expresses a willingness I should collect. It is far from being the intention of

