
this department to come into competition with officers of the Confederate States. Our only desire is to relieve the necessities of Georgia troops in Confederate service. To this end we are anxious to secure supplies in Florida, which, if not collected by us, may be lost, either through the approach of the enemy or the forgetfulness of our own people. If the order solicited by granted it will assist this department materially in shoeing and clothing those troops from Georgia whose wants may exceed the supplies of the Confederate Quartermaster's Department during the coming autumn and winter, should the necessities of our country then demand their presence on the field.

Pleading, then, the necessities of our suffering troops as an apology for my importunity, and trusting to your usual promptness,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA R. FOREST,

Quartermaster-General of Georgia.

RICHMOND, VA., February 17, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: I am receipt of your private letter of the 4th instant informing me that upon reflection you doubt the propriety of publishing in full my letter according to the permission given in answer to your request, and that you propose to have the substance of it published in the Fayetteville Observer. *

You must pardon me for declining to have my correspondence thus changed for presentation to the public. You can use your own discretion as to the publication of my letter as it was written to you. Your letter of the 4th instant was laid on my table with a mass of correspondence and escaped my attention, which fact must form my apology for the delay in this answer.

I remain, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, February 17, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Your will see by the inclosed letter from J. M. Seixas+ the results of my offers to get back the cotton loaned the Confederate Government is determined to impose upon the owners of these steamers the tax of one-third capacity it seems unreasonable to deprive them of the means of running them altogether. That I have been always anxious to accommodate the General Government in every possible way I think may be safely asserted, but that I have been disinterested in doing so my reward will testify beyond a doubt.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

*See Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, for correspondence between Davis and Vance.

+Not found.

