
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, February 18, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

If the State of North Carolina were to buy a third of the steamers Don and Hansa, would they be released from the existing regulation in regard to carrying cotton for Confederacy? They are already under my control by virtue of the within contract. * What permit is now required for shipping cotton under the recent act of Congress? The steamer Advance has again arrived.

Respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 19, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The pressure of business incident to the close of the session of Congress, engrossing every moment of my time, must be my excuse for not having sooner replied to your letter of the 16th instant. + I am happy to concur with you entirely in thinking it advisable to obtain supplies of provisions in exchange for cotton and tobacco, even if portions of the latter are received by the enemy in such transactions. Indeed, I had anticipated your views by instructions to the commissaries to pay for all meat brought to them from the border counties, whether from within the enemy's lines or not, at the option of the parties, in such products. Nor in my anxiety to provide for the Army have I hesitated to make contracts, some of them of large amount, with parties believed to be loyal and yet capable of carrying them out, for the delivery of provisions and other necessary stores to be brought from within the enemy's lines. Some provisions have already been obtained in this way, and strong confidence is felt that the quantity will be largely increased. Full confidence is felt in your own discretion with regard to such arrangements, and you are authorized to make them, if opportunity offers, within your command.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 6A.] Numbers 48 AVENUE GABRIELLE, PARIS, February 19, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My last dispatch war Numbers 5A, of 12th instant (duplicate of which I inclose). I have also the honor to inclose account current with your Department to 31st of December, with memorandum of payments to Lieutenant-Colonel Rhett; ++ since that date, by which you will perceive I am in advance beyond warrants on hand @108,629 3\5 == fr. 2,737,442. 16, besides the drafts of Major R. P. Waller, of which I advised you in my last. Major Huse further owes, besides the sums I have advanced him, the sum of @127,543 12s. 4d. On the

*Omitted.

+See Series I, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1180.

**Not found.

