
other hand, Mr. W. G. Crenshaw has a draft on me for @40,000, and there is a balance still unpaid of @35,000 on a warrant for @85,000 held by Major J. B. Ferguson.

Inclosed you will also find copy of a letter received yesterday from London from Major Huse, which will show you the present condition of the Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co. accounts. I have no communications direct from Messrs. Ball, Quilter & Co. All these developments only increase my anxiety to hear that you are in possession or control of the @50,000 gold in the Confederacy. I note your remarks and instructions relative to the settlement of the account of Isaac, Campbell & Co., and will endeavor to arrange it as may seem with due regard to justice and the credit of the Government, which will be best preserved by avoiding any unnecessary eclat.

With regard to your remarks relative to Major Huse, I am hardly ready at this moment to expressing final opinion, but I deem it due to him to say that although he has made some very serious mistakes, I think there is no good reason to suspect his integrity, and that he has always sought what seemed the best interests of the Government, and has with all his mistakes really been of great service and done great good, and that you should take into consideration the immense labors which he has been compelled to discharge almost singly, and which forced him to place great confidence in some leading house, which was unfortunately, as you surmise, much misplaced in the case of Isaac, Campbell & Co., but I can see no reason to believe there has been any collusion with them. In confirmation of the above views, I inclose your letters from Honorable John Slidell and Emile V. Erlanger, which you will perceive do not agree with the charges of extravagance against him; and I will further add that these opinions are, I believe, concurred in by the ith whom he has dealt, and by the accountants examining his accounts.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. J. McRAE,

Agent of the Loan.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 5, 1864.

To Colonel Bayne for examination and return. How is such indebtedness to be liquidated?

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Numbers 5A.] 48 AVENUE GABRIELLE, PARIS, February 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 29th of December inclosing copy of the one of the 26th of September. Of the contents of the latter I had been fully informed before I wrote you on the 18th of December.

I am also in receipt of a letter from the Quartermaster-General, A. R. Lawton, approved by you, of the 17th of December, informing me that Major R. P. Waller, the purchasing officer of the Quartermaster's Department at Nassau, has been authorized to draw on me at sixty and ninety days' sight for @20,000. With these letters' came at sixty and ninety days' sight for @20,000. With these letters came one from Major Waller, advising that he had drawn for @11,436 18s.

