
1d., and that he would soon draw for the balance. Drafts for @6,648 9s. 7d. have already appeared. My dispatches to you of the 27th of November and 18th of December, Nos. 3 and 4 of series A, have fully informed you that there is no money in my hands for you or any other informed you that there is no money in my hands for you or any other department of the Government. The fact is that the loan account has already been overdrawn by over @200,000, but as the warrants in excess are in the hands of own officers or people, to wit, Major Huse, Captain Bulloch, Major Ferguson, and Captain Crenshaw, or credit does not suffer except as it is injured by these officers not being able to meet their engagements. This, however, is not the case with the drafts of Major Waller, which have passed into the hands of third parties, and I have concluded to accept them, although I do not see clearly where I am to get the money to meet them. I inclose a copy of a letter which I have to-day written to Major Waller, which I hope will meet with your approval.

I note what you sally about the account of Major Huse and Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co. On the 22nd ultimo Mr. Bloodgood and myself wrote you on that subject. To-day we are informed by Major Huse that S. Isaac, Campbell & Co. have presented a new account, but as neither of us have seen it, and Messrs. Quilter, Ball & Co. have not reported on it, we can give you no further information, and judging from the tenor of your letter I do not suppose you care to be troubled with the matter until we are prepared to make a final report. It is quite evident that the house expected to make larger profits by their connection with our Government, and many of their accounts will not stand a strict scrutiny; but as the Government seems disposed to connect all its operations for procuring supplies with private enterprise, we shall gain nothing by having broken with that firm. The fable of the fox and the flies is as true now as it was days of Aesop.

If some such policy as was recommended in my dispatch of the 7th of October had been adopted I could have obtained as many boats as might have been desired to run on Government account alone. I shall write you more fully on this subject by the Bermuda mail, which leaves this day week.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. J. McRAE,

Agent, &c.

[Sub-inclosure.]

48 AVENUE GABRIELLE, PARIS, February 12, 1864.

Major RICHARD P. WALLER, C. S. Army,

Nassau, New Providence:

SIR: I am receipt of your letter of the 16th ultimo, advising me that you had ben authorized by the Quartermaster-General, approved by the Secretary of War, to draw on me at Paris for @10,000 at sixty days, and @10,000 at ninety days. I am also in receipt of a letter form the Quartermaster-General, approved by the Secretary of War, informing me that such authority had been given to you, and asking me to meet your drafts from any funds of the War Department at my command. There are no funds of the War Department at my command, and I regret that you drew the drafts without consulting me . When the Secretary of War authorized you to draw on me I suppose he was under the impression that the proceeds of all cotton shipped to Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm 7 Co. on account of the various bureaus

