
men may be returned. The commission named by you will receive the sanction of the Department, and its authority will be given to the measures you propose. The Adjutant-General will be directed to issue the proper orders.

Your suggestion, made by letter of the same date, to break up certain of the smaller hospitals in Virginia has been referred to the Surgeon-General for consideration and report. I am inclined to think, from my personal knowledge, that the hospital at Huguenot Springs, from its vicinity to Richmond and the advantages it affords, had best be continued. In respect to the others, my impression inclines to concur with you.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 21.
 Richmond, February 20, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to reduce the currency and to authorize a new issue of notes and bonds.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the holders of all Treasury notes above denomination of five dollars, not bearing interest, shall be allowed the first day April, 1864, east of the Mississippi River, and until the periods and the places stated the holders of all such Treasury notes shall be allowed to fund the same in registered bonds payable twenty years after their date, bearing interest at the rate of four per cent. per annum, payable on the 1st day of January and July of each year.

SEC. 2. The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue the bonds required for the funding provided for in the preceding section; and until the bonds can be prepared, he may issue certificates to answer the purpose. Such bonds and certificates shall be receivable, without interest, in payment of all Government dues payable in the year 1864, except export and import duties.

SEC. 3. That all Treasury notes of the denomination of one hundred dollars not bearing interest, which shall not be presented for funding under the provisions of the first section of this act, shall, from and after the first day of April, 1864, east of the Mississippi River, and the first day of July, 1864, west of the Mississippi River, cease to be receivable in the payment of public dues, ad said notes, if not so presented at that time, shall, in addition to the tax of thirty-three and one-third cents imposed in the fourth section of this act, be subject to a tax of ten per cent. month until so presented; which taxes shall attach to said notes wherever circulated, and shall be deducted from the face of said notes whenever presented for payment or for funding, and said notes shall not be exchangeable for the new issue of Treasury notes provided for in this act.

SEC. 4 That on all said Treasury notes not funded or used in payment of taxes at the dates and places prescribed in the first section of this act, there shall be levied at said dates and places a tax of thirty-three and one-third cents for every dollar promised on the face of said notes. Said tax shall attach to said notes wherever circulated, and shall be collector by deducting the same at the Treasury, its depositories, and by the tax collectors, and by all Government officers receiving the same, whenever presented for payment or for funding, or in payment of Government dues, or for postage, or in exchange for new notes as hereinafter provided, and said Treasury notes shall be fundable in bonds, as provided in the first section of this act, until the 1st day of January, 1865, at the rate of sixty-six and two-thirds cents on the dollar, and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, at any time between the 1st of April, east, and the 1st of July, 1864, west of the Mississippi River, and the 1st of January, 1865, to substitute and exchange new Treasury notes for the same, at the rate of sixty-six and two-thirds cents on the dollar: Provided, That notes of the denomination of one hundred dollars shall not be entitled to the privilege of said exchange: Provided

