
has been ordered to Savannah, and I am informed the First Regiment has received orders to hold itself in readiness for immediate removal beyond the State. I would respectfully insist, in justice to the brigade and for the defense of the State, that General Perry's brigade should be ordered immediately to Marianna, in West Florida, if it is possible to spare it a few months from General Lee's command. The reasons why I designate Marianna are-

First. Because in the counties bordering on the Gulf, and especially in Washington Country, there are many deserters and many persons who have fled from other States to avoid conscription. These persons have contaminated a large portion of the citizens, and constant communication is kept up with the enemy, who is massing forces on Santa Rosa Island, evidently with the purpose of making a raid in that portion of the State, which is comparatively defenseless. The sheriff of the country and others who are persons of influence have gone to the enemy, carrying with may be attempted. I assert this to be true with a full knowledge of the facts. I entertained no doubt that unless preventive measures shall be promptly adopted that the portion of the State between the Apalachicola and Choctawhatchie Rivers will be desolated by the enemy during the winter. It is now threatened, and the freshet in the Apalachicola, at this time would prevent re-enforcements from this portion of the State.

Second. I believe a great number of recruits would be more promptly received to fill up the brigade, especially if newly organized companies should be assigned to the brigade.

I would, moreover, respectfully invite your attention to the accompanying correspondence between Major P. W. White and myself. I see no propriety or justice in able-bodied men who are subject to conscription being shielded from military service by being appointed agents to make impressments. Those who are subject should be conscripted. If impressing agents shall be necessary, let them be men not liable to military service or be detailed to the purpose. Young and able-bodied men should not be screened from military service by being employed in the Quartermaster's and Commissary Department. Nothing but positive orders will bring them into service. The slightest discretion permitted to those who have appointed them will devise pretexts to retain them in service. Old men and disabled soldiers should perform these light duties, but no old man or disabled soldier will ever be deemed qualified by a quartermaster or commissary while he has a favorite which he desired to retain in his employed. In these departments radical changes can only be effected by positive orders and frequent and rigid inspections. The corruptions of office manifested by suddenly acquired wealth have generated a widespread desire for speculation and wealth which has overcome the obligations of patriotism and endanger the very existence of the Confederate States. Notwithstanding the alleged depreciation of the currency, people of all ages and condition seem wild in its accumulation, regardless of consequences and careless as to the result, though it lead to the destruction of the liberties.

I have frankly expressed to you the views entertain from a sense of duty, and under the unpalatable and sad conviction that the general tendency of our national affairs does not inspire confidence. The causes which destroy public confidence, the two chief impediments to our ability to complete with the enemy, are the corrupt practices exhibited in the Quartermaster's and Commissary Department and

