
further, That the right to fund any of said Treasury notes after first day of January, 1865, is hereby taken away: And provided further, That upon all such Treasury notes which may remain outstanding on the first day of January, 1865, and which may not be exchanged for new Treasury notes, as herein provided, a tax of one hundred per cent. is hereby imposed.

SEC. 5. That after the first day of April next all authority heretofore given to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue Treasury notes shall be, and [the same] is hereby, revoked: Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury may, after that time, issue new Treasury notes, in such form as he may prescribe, payable two years after the ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States, said new issues to be receivable in payment of all public dues except export and import duties, and to be issued in exchange for old notes at the rate of two dollars of the new for three dollars of the old issues, whether said old notes be surrendered for exchange by the holders thereof or be received into the Treasury under the provisions of this act; and the holders of the new notes or of the old notes, except those of the denomination of one hundred dollars after they are reduced to sixty-six and two-thirds cents on the dollar by the tax aforesaid, may convert the same into call certificates, bearing interest at the rate of four per cent. per annum, and payable two years after the ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States, unless sooner converted into new notes.

SEC. 6. That to pay the expenses of the Government not otherwise provided for, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorize to issue six per cent. bonds, to an amount not exceeding five hundred millions of dollars, the principal and interest whereof shall be free from taxation, and for the payment of the interest thereon the entire net receipts of any export duty hereafter laid on the value of all cotton, tobacco, and naval stores, which shall be exported form the Confederate States, and the net proceeds of the import duties now laid, or so much thereof as may be necessary to pay annually the interest, are hereby specially pledged: Provided, That the duties now laid upon imports and hereby pledged shall hereafter be paid in specie, or in sterling exchange, or in the coupons of said bonds.

SEC. 7. That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized form time to time, as the wants of the Treasury may require it, to sell or hypothecate for Treasury notes said bonds or any part thereof, upon the best terms he can, so as to meet appropriations by Congress and at the same time reduce and restrict the amount of the circulation in Treasury notes within reasonable and safe limits.

SEC. 8. The bonds authorized by the sixth section of this act may be either registered or coupon bonds, as the parties taking them may elect, and they may be exchanged for each other under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. They shall be for one hundred dollars, or some multiple of one hundred dollars, and shall, together with the coupons thereto attached, be in such form and of such authentication as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. The intayable half yearly, on the first of January and July in each year-the principal shall be payable not less than thirty years from their date.

SEC. 9. All call certificates shall be fundable and shall be taxes in all respects, as is provided for the Treasury notes, into which they are convertible. IF not converted before the time fixed for taxing the Treasury notes such certificates shall from that time bear interest upon only sixty-six and two-thirds cents for every dollar promised upon their face and shall be redeemable only in new Treasury notes at after the first day of April, 1864.

SEC. 10. That if any bank of deposit shall give its depositors the bonds authorized by the 1st section of this act in exchange for their deposits and specify the same on the bonds by some distinctive mark or token, to be agreed upon with the Secretary of the Treasury, then the said depositor shall be entitled to receive the amount of said bonds in Treasury notes bearing no interest and outstanding at the passage of this act: Provided, The aid bonds are presented before the privilege of funding said notes at par shall cease, as herein prescribed.

SEC. 11. That all Treasury notes heretofore issued of the denomination of five dollars shall continue to be receivable in payment of public of public dues, as provided by law, and fundable at par under the provisions of this act, until the 1st day of July, 1864, east, and until the 1st day of October, 1864, west of the Mississippi River, but after that time they shall be subject to a tax of thirty-three and one third cents on every dollar promised on the face thereof, said tax to attach to said notes wherever circulated, and said notes to be fundable and exchangeable for new Treasury notes, as herein provided, subject to the deduction of said tax.

