
SEC. 12. That any State holding, Treasury notes, received before the times herein fixed taxing said notes, shall be allowed until the 1st day of January, 1865, to found the same in six per cent. bonds of the Confederate States, payable twenty years after date, and the interest payable semi-annually. But all Treasury notes received by any State after the time fixed for taxing the same, as aforesaid, shall be held to have been received diminished by the amount of said tax. The discrimination between the notes subject to the tax and those not so subject shall be left to the good faith of each State and the certificate of the Governor thereof shall in each case be conclusive.

SEC. 13. That Treasury notes heretofore issued, bearing interest at the rate of seven dollars and thirty cents on the hundred dollars per annum, shall no longer be received in payment of public dues, but shall be deemed and considered bonds of the Confederate States, payable two years after a ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States, bearing the rate of interest specified on their face, payable on the first day of January in each and every year.

SEC. 14. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, in case the exigencies of the Government should require it, to pay the demand of any public creditor whose debt may be contracted after the passage of this act, willing to receive the same in a certificate of indebtedness to be issued by said Secretary, in such form as he may deem proper, payable two years after a ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum, payable semi-annually and transferable only by special indorsement under regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and said certificate shall be exempt from taxation in principal and interest.

SEC. 15. The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to increase, the number of depositories so as to meet the requirements of this act, and with that view to employ such of the banks of the several States as he may deem expedient.

SEC. 16. The Secretary of the Treasury shall forthwith advertise this act in such newspapers published in the several States and by such other means as shall secure immediate publicity, and the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy shall each cause it to the published in general orders for the information of the Army and Navy.

SEC. 17. The forty-second of the act for the assessment and collection of taxes, approved May 1st, 1863, is hereby repealed.

SEC. 18. The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required, upon the application of the holder of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required, upon the application of the holder of any call certificate-which by the first section of the act "to provide for the funding and further issue of Treasury notes," approved March 23d, 1863, was required to be "thereafter deemed to be a bond" --to issue to such holder a bond therefor upon the terms provided by said act.

Approved February 17, 1864.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbia, February 20, 1864.

Honorable J. A SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Honorable A. P. Aldrich, speaker of the House of Representatives and chief of my staff, comes to you possessed of my views, and fully authorized to represent me in reference to the interest of the State in the Bee ships. After the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, in which you say "that any vessel engaged by the State and carrying out for it the amount of cotton required by others to be carried out for the Department would not be interfered with or restrained," I am surprised that the Secretary of the Navy should be allowed to take the State's interest in the Alice, and that he now claims that the States of North Carolina and Virginia have similar interests which are not interfered with. There may be some misapprehension

11 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

