
on this point, and I trust it is not correct that such distinction is made. This is a matter of such interest to the people of the State, and heretofore in the field, that I feel it may duty to send in a special representative to confer with you upon it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

Whereas, in view of the pressing importance of making extraordinary efforts to produce as large crops as possible the present year; and whereas, the recent requisition by the Confederate authorities for slave labor to work on fortifications will, if carried out, interfere seriously with the farming productions of the State: Therefore, be it.

Resolved by the General Assembly, That the Governor of this State be respectfully requested to confer with the authorities of the Confederate States and urge upon them the necessity, in the present emergency, of releasing the slaves from said requisition, if in the judgment of the Confederate authorities this release may be granted consistently with the necessities of the military situation.

A copy form the rolls.

Teste.

WM. F. GORDON, Jr.,

Clerk of the House of Delegates and Keeper of Records.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1864.

His Excellency Governor SMITH:

It is with regret that I feel constrained not to defer to the expression of desire on the part of the General Assembly to which such deference is justly due. But the importance of completing the works for the defense of the Capital of the State and the Confederacy is great, and events of constant occurrence demonstrate that rather on the completeness and sufficiency of such defenses than on the number of troops which the exigencies of the service will allow to be retained here, must the safety of the city depend. The present, too, is believed to be the season of the year when most conveniently and with least sacrifice to the planting interests can slaves be spared. At the is time the important work is that merely of preparation, of plowing and repairing fences and the like, which require few hands. Later, when the planting season commences, the laboring slaves are much more needed, and it has been the effort and desire of the Department so to arrange its calls as to liberate most or all the laborers by that more important season. In view of the whole case, it is hoped that the opinion of the Department to persist in the call will not be deemed either unreasonable or productive of just complaint.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[FEBRUARY 20, 1864. -For correspondence between Polk and Watts, in relation to Alabama troops to support the Confederate forces, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part II, pp. 782, 783.]

[FEBRUARY 21, 1864. -For Beauregard to Cooper, with reference to recruiting and conscription, and inclosing correspondence and orders relating thereto, see Series I, VOL. XXXV, Part I, pp. 623-632.]

