
IX. All officers, whether of Regular or Provisional Army, absent from their commands and not on duty, as well as those who are without assignment to duty by competent authority, will report their address by letter to this office, stating the circumstances of their absence from duty; and if unassigned, when and where last on duty.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 23, 1864.

His Excellency J. E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga. ;

SIR: Your letter of the 29th ultimo has been received. The important business that has engaged the attention of the Department during the present month, in connection with Congress, has prevented me from affording a reply to it before this time. the reply shall be made without any reference to the acrimonious language you have thought proper to address to the Department.

The severe losses sustained in different portions of the Confederacy during the campaign of the last spring, from the cavalry raids of the enemy, and the critical condition of our affairs in Mississippi and Tennessee, impressed me with the conviction that a thorough organization of the reserve forces of every State had become necessary to avert similar disasters.

On the 6th of June last I addressed a communication to the Executive of each of the States east of the Mississippi River inviting their co-operation in the attainment of this desirable object. The plan of organization proposed was described in that letter; also, in a letter of the 19th of June, and in the published orders of the Department of the 22nd of June ultimo.

The plan was to organize all the population not liable to miliary service under the acts of Congress, usually designated as conscription acts, in companies and regiments under the acts of Congress to provide for the local defense. The companies thus formed were not to be called into service unless they were actually needed; were to serve only while the emergency lasted, and were then to be dismissed to their homes. To secure these organizations a requisition was made for a quota of militia troops were not preferred, and that the call for militia would be fully answered if companies for the local defense were organized. In my telegram to you of the 12th of June I say:

Organizations under the law of the Provision Congress are preferred mainly because of their longer term of duration and greater adaptation for ready call, or temporary service, and then for dismission to their ordinary pursuits. The militia called out for even a limited time would be continuously in the field. Besides militia corps, if they could be called out so temporarily, might be considered bey the enemy as State troops, not, in their construction, entitled to exchange. If, however, the organizations are not formed in adequate numbers, militia, on the plan proposed by you or in the usual way, will be accepted.

On June 16 I informed you that the privilege of organizing companies for local defense, and of tending them to the President for acceptance, is allowed to the people by the act of Congress. I am not authorized to restrict or deny it. If you will undertake to direct such organizations, and can thus obtain the whole number required

