
in Georgia for the purpose explained, I will thaour aid, and from this time leave the matter in your hands for execution.

The authority thus confided was confided at your request, and the organizations completed in Georgia have been made under your superintendence. That the expectations of the Department were not fully answered as to the character of the organization to be formed is quite apparent, and the returns of the muster-rolls for Georgia have been so tardy that the Department has been left in ignorance for much of the time as to the nature and strength of the organizations actually made.

For a portion of the time you have claimed that these organizations were militia organizations, and were to be commanded by State officers.

The Department has accepted, with thankfulness, the co-operation you proffered, and that it has not realized from it its entire expectations or hopes has been rather a matter of regret than for censure or complaint. That an organization of the whole military strength of Georgia had become necessary for the defense of the State, the events that have become necessary for the defense of the State, the events that have occurred since June last sufficiently attest. The fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson; the defeat sustained by our troops at Jackson and Gettysburg; the evacuation of Tennessee by Generals Bragg and Buckner; the accumulation of force by the enemy on the coast of South Carolina and Georgia, and the concentration of the army of General Grant at Chattanooga, have all contributed to menace Georgia with an invasion of a very formidable character. The invasion actually took place; and but for the advantage obtained by our troops at Chickamauga the most fatal consequences may have ensued. Nor has the Department at any time felt that degree of security in respect to the sea-coast of Georgia that authorized any diminution of the force collected for the defense of Savannah. The situation on the frontier of Georgia for the last six months has all the time been so critical that a judicious administration did not justify the disbanding of any troops under the control of the Department.

I have no disposition to depreciate the importance of a full supply of provisions for the Army and people. No one can be more profoundly impressed with the existence of the necessity than myself. The duty imposed upon the Department of reconciling the claims of the different branches of service for support is among the most difficult branches of service for support is among the most difficult and delicate that it has to perform. That undue preference has not been given to the Army is evinced by the fact that the disasters it has sustained have been owing principally to the deficiency of its number. In consequence of the inability of this Government to maintain the numbers of the Army to that standard that would enable maintain the numbers of the Army to that standard that would enable it to compete with that of the enemy we must ascribe the lamentable condition of many parts of the Confederacy at this time which are in his occupation. Congress, in view of this fact, have been continually employed in increasing the draft from those employed in industrial pursuits to fill the diminished ranks of the Army. The Department may regret the necessity for this, but unless the cause of the Confederacy is to be abandoned it can see no other course for it to pursue than to execute the laws passed by Congress in the spirit with which they have been made. A cordial acquiescence and support of that legislation is called for by every motive of patriotism, every sentiment of loyalty, and every consideration of public honor and private interest.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

