
SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, February 23, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Allow me to urge upon your consideration the policy and justice of placing conscripts in the oldest and veteran regiments, so far as South Carolina is concerned. Whilst I would not desire to make distinctions among those which first entered the field, I would mention Kershaw's and Jenkins' brigades especially as being entitled to a share-perhaps the largest share. Under your predecessor a regiment of mounted men in this State, now commanded by Colonel Aiken, was allowed to be organized almost entirely of conscripts, which the law contemplated should have gone into the old regiments. When the call was made up to forty the conscripts were allowed to remain here and join regiments which had not been in active service already, whereby the ranks of some have been swollen to more than the maximum, and even so far as to form new additional companies. This is unjust to the old regiments which have been thinned by battle and disease, and may ultimately be subjected to consolidation, whilst those seeing but little service have been enabled to keep full ranks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., February 25, 1864.

Major THOMAS L. BAYNE,

Ordnance Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: Nothing has occurred since my last telegram to affect or remove the entire interruption of all operations connected with my special service in Florida, which was caused by the unexpected advance of the enemy from Jacksonville. Since their very decided repulse at Olustee they have fallen back beyond Baldwin, and it is conjectured that they are awaiting re-enforcement, as it is conjectured that they are awaiting re-enforcement, as it is reported--how authentically I am not aware-that all their transports have sailed for Hilton Head. As you will readily conjuncture, the fact that East Florida has suddenly become the theater of active military operations most materially affects the views I presented in my last communication in regard to the several plans of operation I expected to be developed in that portion of the State. I can therefore only repeat more in detail the information I telegraphed. The Saint Mary's was sunk and her cargo, I presume, was destroyed. Of this fact and of the reported loss of cotton at Camp Finegan and Baldwin, I have, however, no certain information. Lieutenant Buckman has been engrossed by his ordnance duties, and I apprehend has been unable to advise me on these points, even if it were possible for him to obtain accurate information. The military movements now in progress indicate a purpose to contest most energetically the effort of the enemy to establish themselves permanently in Florida. How soon or how effectual these movements may be, it is not for me to conjecture. I can but repeat the fact that at present I am entirely unable to do anything and must await the results of the campaign to ascertain what changes in the condition of things may occur.

Captain Hobart has reported and has been advised of the remittances of funds, but I have deemed it entirely inexpedient to make

