
any purchases of cotton, as there exists no reasonable prospect of its exportation now, no vessels being looked for at any point on the coast pending the military operations now in progress. This complete suspension of the efforts which I hoped to make for the accomplishment of results here is exceedingly unpleasant, and the irksome inaction which it has occasioned presses heavily upon me. I consider it my duty to await the developments of the coming month before expressing decided opinions as to the prospects of substantial success, and will therefore remain at or within reach of ss otherwise instructed by you. Hobart's bond, I am entirely without any communication or advises from the Department since I left Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO BLAIR HOGE,

Major, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War for notice and return.

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Major.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 6, 1864.

ORDNANCE BUREAU:

Major Hoge may now be recalled unless the Treasury Department should, under the new plan, require his services.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

I respectfully ask that Major J. b. Hoge may be ordered to report here to give such information as may be desired, and for conference in regard to ports of Florida, and that Captain Edward Hobart may be left in charge.

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, in charge of Steamers.

[Fourth indorsement.]

MARCH 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Ordered Major Hoge to report here, as suggested by Major Bayne.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 25, 1974.

Colonel IRA R. FOSTER,

Quartermaster-General of Georgia, Atlanta, Ga.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 17th instant requesting an order to purchase supplies in Florida to manufacture clothing for Georgia troops in the Confederate service. In reply you are respectfully informed that no special permits are ever given, but purchases

