
made for a State are not liable to impressment, and I know no law prohibiting removal of supplies from Florida.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 25, 1864.

Honorable EDWARD SPARROW,

La Grange, Ga.:

DEAR SIR: I have to thank you for the courtesy of sending me a copy of the army bill as reported from your committee before its passage through the Senate and for your flattering request that I should make any suggestions which I might think would improve it. The constant pressure of official duties of an urgent character prevented me from availing myself of your kindness to present my general views touching the subject-matter of your bill in time for consideration before Congress had acted, and any partial suggestions I fell could be of no value.

In November, 1861, an elaborate plan, prepared with much labor by an officer of my staff, was submitted to prominent statement providing for systematic means of raising and keeping on an efficient footing a proper force for the conduct of this war on the scale it must grow to. The plan submitted was a careful adaption of the French and Prussian systems of conscription, and the Landwehr, modified to suit existing conditions, and it had my full approval at the time; but unfortunately no one then appeared to comprehend that it were as much a sheer impossibility to carry on this colossal war with a volunteer force-that is, by voluntary contributions of brawn and muscle, flesh and blood, as with voluntary gifts of bread and beef, powder and lead, swords and guns. The plan received no countenance whatsoever and fell stillborn. An attempt was made, as will be remembered, by the act of December 11, 1861, to induce the men to re-volunteer with an ill-success which history should have taught us to expect. Then it was that in April, 1862, the first so-called act of conscription was resorted to. This to a certain degree met the necessities of the hour and was effective; but it lacked a great deal of what it might have been if it had been drawn up with knowledge of the details and working of European systems.

Many of the defects of the act of 16th of April, 1862, ought to have been avoided and should be remedied. The act is at direct variance indeed (unnecessarily and without gain) with the fundamental principle of our Government, State sovereignty, and organized State governments. It would not only have been more consonant with our polity, but more effective and far ore economical, I am convinced, if the State authorities had been required to recruit and furnish the men of their respective State quotas; and the last bill is open to the same objections. The present system is expensive to a degree far from commensurate with resolute. It fills the country with functionaries the substantial duties of whom could be performed, I am satisfied, by the local state authorities in addition to their local duties, and thus save many officers and men for the military service who are now kept from the field.

The plan of which I speak as having been drawn up in 1861 was based on this cardinal principle that the States should severally furnish their quotas of men on the requisition of the central executive,

