
under regulations made by Congress. The companies and regiments were, sir to speak, localized or sectionalized; that is, all between certain ages were enrolled in the several districts of the country, the company being the until, and there was a reserve left at home, which was a part of the company in the field, and from which were drawn the men to fill vacancies. Enrollments were made by the local magistracy, and in ways so carefully guarded that it must have been more efficiently done than now. All people at home were made interested in keeping skulkers details of administration carefully elaborated, yet simple in operation.

We have not acted wisely in ignoring the systems which, under similar conditions, have worked so effectively in recruiting the armies of France and Prussia in great emergencies, and in adopting one which is the most expensive and irresponsible in the world.

At the same time we ought to provide a permanent and real conscript system, after the French plan, for a small regular force, for the true conscription method of recruiting takes time to be established in a country.

It is not too late modify existing laws and adopt the State system even now; but with this modification there should go hand in hand a reorganization of the Provisional Army somewhat as follows: A regiment of infantry should be made to consist, in active service, of two battalions of eight companies or three battalions of six companies each, instead, as now, of one battalion of ten companies--that is, we should conform to European organizations in such a war as this. There would be an advantage in this in many ways, it is believed, including the economy resulting from a reduction of the number of officers. Brigades would then be made to consist of not less than forty-eight companies, and the companies should be kept as near to the standard to 90 or 100 men as possible.

If I can find the time before the assembling of Congress again, I may submit the details of these plans for your consideration as legislator. Meantime, with high consideration,

I am, sincerely, yours,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 25, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: I have the honor hereby to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 18th instant, and to say in reply thereto that the President has now under consideration certain uniform regulations in conformity with the recent legislation of Congress. A copy of same will be sent you as soon as they are promulgated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Numbers 46 1\2.
 Richmond, Va., February 26, 1864.

I. For the more thorough and efficient conduct of this Bureau the following orders regulating the distribution of duties and the transaction of business are published for the guidance of the several officers herein on duty.

