
the want of suitable regulations to put in service and kept there those able to fight. In almost every towns and village are persons in uniform under some pretense of public service, which the people perceive in never performed. This state of affairs has resulted chiefly from permitting new military organizations rather sustaining those in service, and thus forcing necessity for the seeming employment of officers who have lost their commands. Judging from their prlished, it seems to be the purpose of Congress to remedy these as well as other evils, but I apprehend their labor is too sweeping, and will result in the overthrow of existing social organizations resting upon the avocations of labor necessary to subsist the armies in the field, the Confederate and States Governments, and to save the country from famine and its fearful consequences.

While engaged in writing the foregoing views to submit to your consideration, additional companies of cavalry have arrived at this place. They are part a battalion recently by Colonel Hod, of Georgia, upon the recommendations of Brigadier-General Cobb, and if I am correctly informed this battalion of seven companies is practically without arms, as are other cavalry commands in this State. The proportion of cavalry to infantry in this State seems to me to be excessive, and considering the demand for corn to subsist the people and armies, would in not be prudent, if an additional cavalry force is needed in Virginia, and it can be armed at Richmond, to order a cavalry regiment from this State to Virginia, and thus enable General Lee to spare Brigadier-General Perry's brigade to return to Florida to meet threatened emergencies and to recruit? I presume the Second Florida Cavalry Regiment, command by Colonel Caraway Smith, exceeds in number the aggregate of Brigadier-General Perry's brigade. They have been in service here nearly years, and are, I believe, well mounted and of good material. To assist in making any defense which may become necessary, the State is without arms, and for the reason that I have promptly and freely used the arms belonging to the State in equipping the troops in Confederate service. May I not confidently appeal to you to send by Mr. Wilson, the agent of the State, 1,000 stand of small-arms, muskets of rifles, with accouterments, ammunition, and caps, to be disposed of by me as shell become necessary in the defense of the State. Under existing circumstances I can see no possible opportunity of maintaining the existing organization of Perry's brigade unless it shall be ordered back to the State to recruit, as it is well known to the Department I have no means at my disposal to aid in maintaining the organization. I can only make suggestions respectfully that the War Department may exercise a sound discretion under a sense of justice to the brigade and to the State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 20, 1864.

Quartermaster-General (Colonel Smith) for consideration of the proposition about tithers, &amp;c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

2 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

