
II. The Bureau will be divided into several offices, to wit: The reception office, the office of orders, the appointment office, the office of organization, the judge-advocate's office, the adjutant-generals' office, the office of inspection, and the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General. Each will be charged with specific duties, and will be independent of the others, the several officers receiving orders from and being responsible to the Adjutant and Inspector General and the Secretary of War directly.

III. The reception office will be charged with the keeping of the files and general records; the reception and opening of the mails and all official papers; the indorsing, entering, and distributing of all papers to the offices charged with action upon them, the recording of such action, and the filing of papers, or, when necessary, their transmission from one office to another and from the Bureau. Upon this office will also devolve the reception of and attention to visitors. It will occupy the first and second in the suite of rooms in the main building.

IV. The office of orders will be charged with keeping the record of the general and special orders, and with action upon all papers and applications requiring for their completion solely the issuing of a special order, such, for instance, as applications for leaves of absence, furloughs, transfers, details, discharges and return of soldiers, resignations and assignment of officers, &amp;c. The office will occupy two rooms next in suite to the reception office.

V. The appointment office will be charged with the register of commissioned officers appointed and with the duty of acting upon all applications for appointment, preparing nomination lists, issuing letters of appointment, and entering confirmations. It will occupy the first and second rooms in the building adjacent to the main building, formerly occupied by the Commissary-General.

VI. The office of organization will take charge of the muster-rolls, rosters, and reports, and act upon all matters relating to the organization of the Army, such as the raising, muster, consolidation, recruiting, or disbanding of companies, battalions, and regiments, the succession of officers by election or promotion; questions of rank between offices of the line, &c. ; all matters bearing mainly not upon individuals, but upon organized bodies of troops. This office will occupy the rooms adjacent to the appointment office, and the building in the rear, upon the second and third floors of which the rolls will be kept.

VII. The judge-advocate's office will take action upon all papers and applications relating to courts-martial and clouts of inquiry and will occupy for the present the room in the main building next to the office of orders.

VIII. The adjutant-general's office will be charged with the duty of acting upon all papers which cannot properly be devolved upon other offices, and upon all papers submitted to or devolving specially upon the Adjutant and Inspector General, and with the preparation of the general orders. It will for the present occupy rooms with the judge-advocate's office.

IX. The office of inspection, which will devolve upon the assistant inspector-general, to be assigned to duty in this Bureau, will take charge of inspection reports, and will attend to the duties of inspection in the several armies and staff departments, and of enforcing obedience to the laws, orders, regulations, and usages of the service.

