
X. The office of the Adjutant and Inspector General will contain the confidential files and records of the Bureau, and will take cognizance only of such matters as are beyond the ordinary duties of routine and which cannot properly devolve upon the officers hereinbefore designated. It will occupy the last room in the suite in the main building.

XI. Captain John W. Riely is assigned to duty in the reception office; Lieutenant Colonel John Withers, in the office of orders; Lieutenant Colonel E. a. Palfrey, in the appointment office; Major Sam. W. Melton, in the office of organization; Major C. H. Lee, in the judge-advocate's office; Lieutenant Colonel E. A. Palfrey, in the appointment office; Major Sam. W. Melton, in the office of organization; Major C. H. Lee, in the judge-advocate's office; Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Barton, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty in the office of organization in this Bureau, and will be charged specially with the duty of acting upon the reports of examining boards.

XIII. Colonel Withers will, as heretofore, have charge of the disbursement of the office fund, to which duty the chief clerk, Mr. H. C. Wall, is, under his supervision, specially assigned. Among the specific duties thus devolved will be the supplying of and attention to stationery, furniture, printing, blanks, outside work, and generally whatever involves expenditure.

XIV. The officers on duty in this Bureau will be required to take final and decisive action upon all matters within the scope of their capacity and the limits of whatever authority may be delegated to them, and will submit to the Adjutant and Inspector General such papers and applications only as require a higher discretion, and to the Honorable Secretary of War such only as demand the exercise of authority not delegated; the rule hereafter the control the distribution of duties and the transaction of business in this Bureau being that officers should do nothing which can be as well done by their subordinates.

XV. Each paper submitted to the Honorable Secretary of War or to the Adjutant and Inspector General will be prepared for their action by indorsement, exhibiting succinctly but clearly the contents of the paper and of its inclosure, in such manner as to present the points for decision and the facts stated bearing upon them, together with the facts appearing of record in the Bureau, and the maturely considered opinion of the officer charged with the office to which the subject-matter of the paper may relate. The indorsement, so far as they exhibit the contents of papers and their inclosure, will be made in the reception office.

XVI. No paper will be placed finally upon the files until the writer or party concerned is notified of the action taken upon it; and to avoid the duplication of papers and the unnecessary accumulation of business, such notification will be given by written communication at the earliest possible moment. If it be deemed unimportant and unnecessary to retain a paper on file as a record or for reference, the notification will be indorsed thereon, and it will be returned to the written, the action having been first recorded in the "indorsement book" in the reception office.

XVII. The door will be opened to the public at 11 o'clock and closed at 1 o'clock. Before and after these hours no person well be admitted without the sanction in each instance of the Adjutant and Inspector General, except the heads of departments, commanding generals, the chiefs of bureaus, and the clerks to the Bureau of War.

