
XVIII. The officer on duty in the reception office will attend to the application of each visitor, and if possible meet his purpose without communication with the other offices. When indispensable the visitor will be directed, or, if need be, conducted, to the officer upon whom may devolve the subject-matter in hand. The doors between the reception office and the other officer will be habitually closed, and visitors will not pass them without permission. It is desirable that this Bureau be regarded strictly as a place of business, and the duty is devolved upon the reception office of protecting the other offices from unnecessary intrusion and embarrassment in the continuous transaction of business. The officer in charge will, in addition to the regular hours, attend in this office one hour, between the hours of 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, and clerk or employee will remain on duty at all hours, day and night.

XIX. The doors of the officer of the Adjutant and Inspector General will be habitually closed, and visitors will not be permitted to pass them without consultation with the officer in charge of the adjutant-general's office, who will, if possible, himself answer the purpose desired. He will confer with the Adjutant and Inspector General, between the hours of 1 and 2 o'clock each day, in reference to such papers submitted as may be beyond his discretion. He will receive the decision orally, and commit it to writing by indorsement or by separate communication.

XX. The officers of this Bureau will proceed at once to make preparations for rearranging the rooms, papers, records, and furniture in accordance with the requirements of these orders, which will, if practicable, be put into full operation by the 15th of March. Major Sam. W. Melton is charged with their prompt and thorough enforcement.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va. February 26, 1864.

Mr. Thomas F. Beale is hereby authorized to enlist a company of men, not to exceed then in number, for secret service under the regulations prescribed by this Department for such organizations. When he shall enlisted and mustered into the service for the war eight men, he will receive the commission of first lieutenant in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, without pay. Transportation will be furnished him for his recruits to the place of rendezvous and to such points as he may select to operate against the enemy.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Forward to Thomas F. Beale, Mobile, Ala., care of Louisiana Relief Committee.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 26, 1864.

His Excellency CHARLES CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi:

SIR: Hon Mr. Watson, of your State, has communicated your wish to be definitely informed as to the views of the Department regarding

