
of Congress on the subject. I may regret that it is not in my power to exercise a more liberal discretion in conformity with your wishes, but your judgment and patriotism are confidently relied on the approve my adherence to the provisions of the law.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DEMOPOLIS, February 27, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond:

This will be handed you by Mr. Minor Major, a citizen of Missouri, who comes to me properly authenticated. He has been employed in the work of destroying the property of the enemy on the rivers, and is a member of an organization of a formidable character extending through the North, of which I have known for some time past and of which you have heard. He goes to Richmond on matters connected with his work, and I think you will be interested in hearing from him of the associations with which he is connected. Properly used, these associations could be of great value to our cause.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Honorable Secretary of War.

S. R. M[ALLORY],

Secretary.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 28, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: On the recommendation of General Lee, and from the disadvantages found to result to the service from the absence of officers who [are] likewise members of the Legislature, it has been concluded not to grant furloughs to attend the sessions. Officers so situation are entitled to resign, and may so elect.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 25.
 Richmond, Va., February 29, 1864.

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

1. JOINT RESOLUTION to declare the meaning of "An act allowing hospital accommodations to sick and wounded officers. "

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the true intent and meaning of "An act allowing hospital accommodations to sick and wounded officers, " approved the twenty-ninth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, were to cause to be furnished not only medicines, medical and other attendance and lodging, but subsistence also.

Approved February 13, 1864.

