
2. AN ACT to increase the commutation value of hospital rations.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the commutation value of rations of the sick and wounded, and of all employed in hospitals, be fixed at such rates, not to exceed two and a half dollars, as the Secretary of War shall designate.

Approved February 15, 1864.

3. AN ACT to amend "An act regulating the granting of furloughs and discharges in hospitals," approved May 1, 1863.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That an act regulating the granting of furloughs and discharges in hospitals, approved on May first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to provide that the period of disability therein named which entitles soldiers, sick and wounded in hospitals, to furloughs, shall be extended to sixty days, or upwards, in which case the Board of Examiners may grant furloughs for sixty days.

Approved February 17, 1864.

II. Paragraph I, General Orders, numbers 69, last series, is so amended that soldiers, sick or wounded in hospitals, will not be granted furloughs unless they are likely to remain unfit for military duty for sixty days, in which case they may be furloughed for that period.

III. Hospital funds accrue in all hospitals-regimental, field, or other hospitals.

IV. Paragraph VIII, General Orders, Numbers 8, current series, is hereby revoked. Rations in kind (such as are issued to soldiers in the field) will be issued to all attendants in field hospitals, and, when required by the surgeon in charge, to the female attendants in general hospitals. The rations of all male attendants in general hospitals in cities and towns will be commuted, the amount to be drawn by the surgeon in charge and expended by him for their subsistence.

V. The commuted value of rations of the sick and wounded, and of all employed in regimental, field, or other hospitals, will be, until further orders, $2. 50.

VI. General Orders, Numbers 71, last series, is amended as follows: For officers, sick or wounded in hospital, rations will be drawn, or, when required by the surgeon in charge, their value commuted at the price fixed in the preceding paragraph.

VII. The last two preceding paragraphs will not have effect in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

VIII. The following order is published in connection with paragraphs VIII and IX, General Orders, Numbers 22, 1864:

Officers in the Trans-Mississippi Department belonging to commands east of the Mississippi River will immediately return to their respective commands. In cases where such officers have no command, or are unassigned to any by proper authority, action under the "Act of Congress to provide for retiring officers of the Army," approved February 17, 1864, will be taken by the general commanding that department, who will also adopt proper measures to carry into effect these orders.

IX. Supplies of provisions, in transit to arsenals, armories, and ordnance depots, for the use of operatives, under the order of commanding officers of the same, will not be interfered with by officers of other departments.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

