
now have, and even this is infinitely preferable to the assumption of judicial power by executive officers, and making their will the law.

Hoping an early response, I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, N. C., February 29, 1864.

Honorable C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Upon a recent visit to the county of Wilkes, in this State, I was informed that a number of inoffensive citizens in that and the adjacent counties had been robbed of their property and efforts by the Fiftieth Regiment North Carolina Troops, employed there for the purpose of arresting deserters. It has occurred to me that some compensation should be made to these people for the losses they have sustained, in many cases a large part of their property having been taken away. And the mode I propose is to appoint a commission or commissioners in the region where the depredations have been committed and ascertain the loss of each individual and credit the amount on his current taxes. Should this proposition meet your views and the measure be carried into effect promptly, I feel satisfied it will go far to compose the dissatisfaction of my people who have suffered so severely in that section, and bring to the support of the Government a large class of persons who think and feel they are out of the pale of its protection. Your early consideration of this measure will enable me to effect much in the restoration of confidence amongst the people where its benefits are to be received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

P. S. -I would suggest that the tax collectors could do this. Justice and good policy both require it.

Z. B. V.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred for consideration and reply to the Secretary of War.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 29, 1864.

Z. McDaniel is hereby authorized to enlist a company of men, not to exceed fifty in number, for secret service against the enemy, under the regulations prescribed by this Department for such organizations. When he shall have enlisted and mustered his company into the service for the war he will receive a commission as captain in the Provisional Army of the Confederate State, without pay. Transportation will be furnished to him for his recruits to the place of rendezvous and to such points as he may select for his operations.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

12 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

