
SEC. 8. That hereafter the duties of provost and hospital guards and clerks, of clerks, guards, agents, employed, or laborers in the Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments, in the Ordnance Department, and clerks and employees of navy agents, as also in the execution of the enrolment acts, and all similar duties, shall be performed by persons who are within the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, and who, by the report of a board of army surgeons, shall be reported as unable to perform active service in the field, but capable of performing some of the above-named duties, specifying which; and when those persons shall have been assigned to those duties as far as practicable, the President shall detail or assign to their performance such bodies of troops or individuals, required to be enrolled under the fifth section of this act, as may be needed for the discharge of such duties: Provided, That persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen shall not be assigned to these duties; Provided further, That nothing contained in this act shall be so construed as to prevent the President from detailing artisans, mechanics, or persons of scientific skill to perform indispensable duties in the departments or bureaus herein mentioned.

SEC. 9. That any quartermaster or assistant quartermaster, commissary or assistant commissary, (other than those serving with regiments and brigades in the field), or officer in the Ordnance Bureau, or navy agent, or provost-marshal, or officer in the conscript service, who shall hereafter employ or retain in his employment any person in any of their said departments or bureaus, or in any of the duties mentioned in the eighth section of this act, in violation of the provisions hereof, shall, on conviction thereof, by a court-material or military court, be cashiered; and it shall be the duty of any department or district commander, upon proof by the oath of any credible person, that any such officer has violated this provision, immediately to relieve such officer from duty; and said commander shall take prompt measures to have him tried for such offense, and any commander as aforesaid failing to perform the duties enjoined by this section, shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, be dismissed from the service.

SEC. 10. That all laws granting exemptions from military service be, and the same are hereby repealed, and hereafter none shall be exempted except the following:

I. All who shall be held unfit for military service, under rules to be prescribed by the Secretary of War.

II. The Vice-President of the Confederate States; the members and officers of Congress and of the several State Legislatures, and such other Confederate and State officers as the President or the Governors of the respective States may certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the Confederate or State governments, as the case may be.

III. Every minister of religion authorized to preach according, to the rules of his church, and who, at the passage of this act, shall be regularly employed in the discharge of his ministerial duties; superintendents and physicians of asylums for the deaf, dumb and blind and of the insane; one editor for each newspaper being published at the time of the passage of this act, and such newspaper; the public printer of the Confederate and State governments, and such journeymen printers as the said public printing; one skilled apothecary in each apothecary store, who was doing business as such apothecary on the tenth day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and has continued said business, without intermission, since that period; all physicians over the age of thirty years who now are, and for the last seven years have been, in the actual and regular practice of their profession, but the term physician shall not include dentists; all presidents and teachers of colleges, theological seminaries, academies, and schools, who have been regularly engaged as such for two years next before the passage of this act: Provided, That the benefit of this exemption shall extend to those teachers only whose schools are composed of twenty students or more; all superintendents of public hospitals established by law before the passage of this act, and such physicians and nurses therein as such superintendent shall certify on oath to be indispensable to the proper and efficient management thereof.

IV. There shall be exempt one person as overseer or agriculturist on each farm or plantation upon which there are now, and were, upon the first day of January last, fifteen able-bodied field hands, between the ages of sixteen and fifty, upon the following conditions: 1. This exemption shall only be granted in cases in which there is no white male adult on the farm or plantation not liable to military service, nor unless the person claiming the exemption was, on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, either the owner and manager, or overseer of said plantation but in no case shall more than one person be exempted for one farm or plantation. 2. Such person shall first execute a bond, payable to the

