
for furnishing supplies of any kind to the Government, by reason of said contract, unless the head or Secretary of the Department making such contract shall certify that the personal services of said contractor are indispensable to the execution of the contract: Provided further, That when any such contractor shall fail diligently and faithfully to proceed with the execution of such contract, his exemption or detail shall cease.

SEC. 12. That in appointing local boards of surgeons for the examination of persons liable to military service, no member composing the same shall be appointed from the country or enrolling district in which they are required to make such examination.

Approved February 17, 1864.

I. The superintendence of the measures necessary for the enrollment, examination, enlistment, assignment, detail, and exemption of all persons not belonging to the Army, in the State east of the Mississippi River, who are placed in the military service by the above act of Congress, is devolved on the Bureau of Conscription, and all officers and persons assigned or to be employed in the conscription service, or upon other duty imposed upon the Bureau, will be subject to its orders, and their various acts and decisions may be revised therein, under the orders and instructions of the War Department.

II. The Bureau of Conscription, under the orders of the Department, will proceed to organize in every State efficient agencies for the performance of the necessary duties imposed by this order. These agencies will consist of a commandant ofach State, a suitable number of camps of instruction, under the charge of commanders, and enrolling officers, and drill-masters, to be appointed or assigned under acts of Congress or the orders of the War Department. The Bureau of Conscription will, by instructions to these officers, designate the duties that shall perform, the reports that they shall make, and will determine the effect of their certificates and other official evidence they may be required to give. In the performance of the duties of making exemptions and details, the Bureau of Conscription may from time to time organize within the States temporary boards to obtain information and advice relative to the necessity or propriety of exemptions or details to be granted under the provisions of the above act of Congress.

III. All applications for exemption or detail under this act, except as hereafter excepted, and except such details, as are required for the departments of the Government, will be made in writing to the enrolling officer of the appropriate county or district, and be supported be supported by the affidavit of the applicant and other testimony under oath. The enrolling officer will indorse his opinion on each and every application, and transmit it to the commandant of conscription for his approve the application, he may grant a certificate of exemption for a period not exceeding sixty days, which shall remain in force for that period unless countermanded by the commandant of conscripts. Every applicant for exemption or detail, whose claim shall be refused by the enrolling officer and commandant of conscripts, will be allowed an appeal to the Bureau of Conscription and the War Department. But until the application has been made to the enrolling officer and the commandant of conscripts, applications will not be entertained by the War Department.

IV. Applications for exemptions to insure the production of provisions for the Army and families of soldiers, and for the exemption of overseer, farmers, or planters, or because their service will be

