
more useful to the public as agriculthe military service, or of persons between the ages of forty-five and fifty, because justice, equity, or necessity require the detail, or because their employment is necessary to the public, will be made to the enrolling officer in writing, with an affidavit of the person making it, and accompanied with proof of one or more credible witnesses. The application should show with precision the conditions of the alleged private or public necessity, advantage, convenience, justice, or equity. Among the facts to be stated are the ability of the party to produce the provision or supply the want or requirement, the condition of the family, whether any of the members belong to the Army, and whether some person not liable to military service cannot be procured to perform the service. If the decision of the local enrolling officer be favorable, he will transmit the same to the commandant of conscripts for sixty days, and indorse his action thereon, which will be transmitted to the Bureau will prepare special instructions to guide the action of those officers in reference to this class of cases.

V. Applications for certificates of exemption under the third article, tenth section, of the act aforesaid, and sixty article of the same section, will be made in all cases to the local enrolling officer, and his certificate must be approved by the Congressional district enrolling officer. Applications for exemption under the fifth article of the tenth section, relative to the exemption of officers and agents employed on railroads may be made directly to the commandant of conscripts for the State, who will grant the certificate of exemption authorized by law upon a compliance with the conditions constrained in the act of Congress by the officers therein mentioned.

VI. The attention of all officers of the Government, and especially of those belonging to the military departments mentioned therein, is directed to the language and purport of the eighth section of the act of Congress above recited. Congress has manifested in various enactmeno withdraw from the civil service all persons capable of performing duty in the field, and this section of the act is an emphatic declaration of that intention, accompanied with a severe penalty duty in the field, and this section of the act is an emphatic declaration of that intention, accompanied with a severe penalty to be imposed upon the officer who may frustrate it. The Bureau of Conscription will proceed to enroll for duty all persons who may be so employed. But, to prevent the instantaneous execution of the law, details may be granted until the 10th day of April next, for such of those persons as the head of any department or the chief of any bureau or the principal officer of the same in any State shall certify to be necessary for that time to carry on the business in which they are employed. In the meantime, it is made the duty of the officers controlling this class of persons to substitute, as far as practicable, persons who are designated in this act as proper to fill such employments for those that are made liable to service such employments for those that are made liable to service by the act.

VII. Conscripts unfit for duty in the field, but capable of performing other duties named in the eighth section of the act receipted, will be received and recommended accordingly by the board of examiners for conscripts, who in their reports will state distinctly for what service of for which department of the Army such conscripts are best fitted; and commandants of conscripts will assign them in accordance with such recommendations, or, failing to do this, will report for assignment through the Bureau of Conscription, to the chief or head

