
of the department in which they have been recommended for service, the names of such conscripts. All certificates of exemption for disability will be signed by the Examining Board, and be approved by the enrolling officer of the Congressional district; and when the certificate sets forth that the disability is decided and permanent, it will exempt the party from molestation by enrolling officers, unless otherwise ordered from the Bureau of Conscription.

VIII. The examining boards will forward one copy of the monthly report of conscripts examined, through the enrolling officer of the Congressional district, to the commandant of conscripts, who will refer the same, with remarks, to the Bureau of Conscription. The boards will also forward one copy direct to the Surgeon-General.

IX. Medical officers and employed physicians on examining boards for conscripts will not be assigned to Congressional districts of which they are residents. The employed physicians will receive the pay and allowances of assistant surgeons.

X. Medical officers detailed for duty on examining beads for conscripts will be directed to report orders to the commandants of conscripts of States.

XI. Besides the officers of the Confederate and State governments particularly named in the act of Congress, the officers of the Government of the Confederate States whose nominations have been made by the President and confirmed by the Senate, or who have been appointed by the judges of the district courts, under the authority confided by any act of Congress, will be exempted from military service until further orders; also the judges or justices of any supreme, superior, or circuit court of any State; also the judges of probate, clerk of any court of record, ordinary, sheriff, one tax collector in each country, and recorded of deeds and wills, if there be such an officer existing by law, and such other officers of the State provided by law as the Governor shall certify to be necessary to the proper administration of the State government.

XII. All persons who have been exempted on account of religious faith under act of Congress approved 11th of October, 1862, and who have paid the tax of $500 therein provided for, will be exempt from enrollment in the military service.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 27.
 Richmond, March 2, 1864.

I. The attention of the Army is called to the second and third sections of the act of Congress entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved 17th of February, 1864.

SEC. 2. That all the persons aforesaid, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, now in service, shall be retained, during the present war with the United States, in the same regiments, battalions and companies to which they belong at the passage of this act, with the same organization and officers, unless regularly transferred or discharged, in accordance with the laws and regulations for the government of the Army: Provided, That companies from one State, organized against their consent, expressed at the time, with regiments or battalions from another State, shall have the privilege of being transferred to organizations of troops in the same arm of the service from the States in which said companies were raised, and the soldiers from one State in companies from another State

