
shall be allowed, if they desire it, a transfer to organizations from their own State in the same arm of the service.

SEC. 3. That, at the expiration of six months from the 1st day of April next a bounty of one hundred dollars in a 6 per centum Government bond, which the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue, shall be paid to every non-commissioned officer, musician and private who shall then be in the service, or, in the event of his death previous to the period of such payment, then to the person or persons who would be entitled by law to receive the arrearage of his person or persons who would be entitled by law to receive the arrearage of his pay; but no one shall, at any time during the period of six months next after the said first day of April, be absent from his command without leave.

II. The generals of departments will ascertain whether there be in their respective departments any company or companies from one State associated with companies belonging to another State, either in battalions or regiments, who were placed in such organizations against their consent, expressed at the time, and will report the same to the Adjutant and Inspector General as soon as practicable, with a recommendation that they be transferred, if they now desire it, to some organization of troops in the same arm of the service from the State in which the said companies were raised.

III. Measures will be taken by the commanding generals of departments to place in companies of the same arms of the service in which they are serving, raised in Stats to which they respectively belong, the privates who are serving in companies raised in other States. This privilege will be freely granted to all privates making the application. A private will be considered as belonging to that State in which he was residing for twelve months prior to his enlistment. Measures will also be taken to have proper rolls prepared on the 1st of April, proximo, or as soon after as practicable, and returned to the Office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, so as to secure to all the persons designated in the third section of the above-recited act the benefits conferred by it.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 2, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: I am duly in receipt of your of 17th ultimo. I have already written you of the difficulty of transporting to Wilmington a sufficiency of cotton to meet our urgent and pressing wants. Lieutenant-Colonel Sims, chief of the railroad bureau, to whom I had referred your letter, returns it indorsed:

All the rolling-stock that can be found is now employed in running cotton to Wilmington, and instructions have been sent out to load all trains with Government cotton to the exclusion of that owned by private parties. Nothing more can be done without diverting some of the corn trains.

You will see, therefore, that every effort is being made to transport the Government cotton to Wilmington. On 26th ultimo Mr. Seixas was enabled to borrow 600 bales of cotton from some parties in Wilmington, and I at once telegraphed him to pay over 300 of them to your agent. The balance of the debt will be canceled as rapidly as possible.

Your obedient servant, very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

