
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Columbia, March 2, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to yours of 21st of January declining to discharge soldiers appointment to the military academy of the State, I ask leave to call your attention to the resolution of the Legislature, a copy of which I inclose. * Many of these boys entered the service before they were sixteen years old, have fought gallantry, made good soldiers, and deserve to be placed on the roll of honor, which a grateful State has provided for such services. While no one can be more anxious than myself to fill the ranks of the Army, yet I cannot be insensible to the claims of the State and the duty which she owes to those gallant youths who have so well maintained her character and honor in the field. I cannot agree with you, with you, without some qualification, that the Army is the best school of instruction. To one who has been well grounded in all the elementary branches it may be, but to one who can barely read and write, it is certainly better to allow him the opportunities which the State has afforded by this resolution, and thus fit him to command and to become an educated and accomplished officer. I ask also to call your attention to the fact that the number to be appointed is but six a year, and all of these do not come from the Army-not more than half-as some are the sons of deceased soldiers, and are taken from civil life. It is also proper to state that the appointments made by the Board of Visitors are entirely distinct and not included in the application here made. I respectfully suggest that the discharges now claimed are too few to make a material diminution of them Army. I therefore think it is due to the Legislature that I press upon you the propriety of discharging from service such appointments as I have made or may hereafter make under this resolution.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 2, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd ultimo is received. In reply I have the honor to say that conscripts are devoted to the organizations existing on the 16th of April, 1862, when the first act passed. In making assignments, however, the principle, which has been considered most equitable, has been to assign in the ratio of deficiencies in each company until the minimum fixed by law is attained in all, and the Conscript Bureau has been instructed to observe this rule. I trust its equity and policy will commend it to your approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

*Not found.

