
GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 28.
 Richmond, March 4, 1864.

I. Paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 13, 1864, is thus amended:

Officers of the Quartermaster's Department will, upon the requisition of company commanders, issue clothing directly to soldiers and take their individual receipts therefor.

II. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 67, 1863, is amended as follows:

If any cavalryman 'shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable horse, he shall serve on foot," and be transferred to any regiment of infantry from the State from which he volunteered or was conscribed that the department commander may order.

III. The following act of Congress is published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to allow commissioned officers of the Army rations and the privilege of purchasing clothing from the Quartermaster's Department.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passage of this act, all commissioned officers of the armies, whilst on duty in the field, or in the naval service, whilst afloat, of the Confederate States, shall be entitled to one ration in kind each, in quantity and quality, the same as are now allowed by law to privates, ad receive the same under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War.

SEC. 2. That all commissioned officers of the armies of the Confederate States shall be allowed to purchase clothing, and cloth for clothing, from any quartermaster, at the price which it cost the Government, all expenses included: Provided, That no quartermaster shall be allowed to sell to any officer any clothing or cloth for clothing which would be proper to issue to privates entitled to receive the same shall have been first supplied: Provided, That the officer offering to purchase shall give his certificate, on honor, that the articles are necessary for his own personal comfort and use, and in no case shall more than one suit per annum be allowed to be so purchased by any officer: Provided, That no law or army regulation shall hereafter be construed to allow an officer to parches or draw from subsistence stores, more than one ration a day, or for less price than the cost thereof, including transportation.

SEC. 3. That no officer under the rank of brigadier-general shall hereafter be entitled to forage, or commutation for forage, for more than one horse, except when on service in the field.

Approved February 17, 1864.

IV. Rations in kind, the same in quality and quantity as are now allowed by law to privates, will be issued to regimental commissioned officers whilst on duty in the field, upon provision return approved by the commanding officer of the regiment, and to general and staff officers upon their own certificates.

V. One ration a day in kind may be purchased by any officer not in the field, who is upon duty under from this office or form any department commander, at cost, including transportation.

VI. Officers retired in accordance with the act to provide an invalid corps, approved February 17, 1864, are not entitled to draw or purchase rations unless assigned to duty by orders under the provisions of that law.

VII. The Quartermaster-General will issue instructions to quartermasters and assistant quartermasters to carry into effect section 3 of the above act and so much of section 2 of the same act as relates to his department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

