
CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU

Numbers 7.
 OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., March 4, 1864.

Commandants of conscripts will forthwith order all officers engaged in conscription service in their respective States to be examined by such medical boards as may be designated by the commandant, with the view of ascertaining what officers are fitted for service in the field.

The certificates of the Examining Board will recite the exact status of the officers, and also the extent of any alleged disability, and whether said disability has arisen from wounds or disease received or contracted while in the service of the Confederate States.

The certificates will be forwarded to this Bureau with remarks by the commandants.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Official regulations to carry into effect the act "to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the public defense. "

I. -AS TO THE SEA.

1. The owners of any vessel intending to said from a Confederate port with a cargo consisting in whole or in part of cotton, tobacco, military and naval stores, sugar, molasses, or rice, shall, before lading on board of any such articles, file with the collector of the port from which the vessel is to sail a copy of her register with a declaration of the names of the owners and officers thereof, the place of their birth and of their residence for the preceding your, together with the port or place to which the said vessel proposes to sail. The said declaration shall also set forth the quantity and value, in Confederate currency, of the cargo proposed to be taken out, as also the consent of the said owners that one-half of the tonnage of the said vessel may be employed by the Confederate Government for its own use, both on the outward and homeward voyage, at the rate of freight hereinafter mentioned. The collector shall submit a statement as to the owners and officers to the military commandant of the port, and if he shall not object to their loyalty or to the sailing of the vessel for reasons of military necessity the collector shall grant a permit for the lading of the said vessel, one-half for account of the owners and one-half for account of the Confederate States.

2. Before the said lading shall be complete the owners of the vessel shall execute to the Confederate States as bond in double the value of the vessel, with security deemed adequate by the collector, conditioned that she will pursue the voyage designated, and that she will return with reasonable dispatch to a Confederate port after her outward cargo shall be discharged, with a cargo consisting one-half on articles not prohibited by the laws of Confederate Government and the other half of such articles as the Government shall offer for shipment from such port, at the rate of freight hereinafter mentioned.

3. Each shipper of any portion of the cargo proposed to be laden on board the said vessel shall, before the lading thereof, make application to the collector for a permit to lade the same, which application shall declare the articles to be shipped and the quantity and value

