
bonds by producing to the collector the certificate of the proper agent of the Confederate Government at the port of delivery, setting forth the particulars showing that the said party has complied with the obligation of the said bond so far as the same was practicable; and the collector, upon being duly satisfied, shall be authorized to surrender the said bonds.

11. Nothing in these regulations shall be so construed as to conflict with the proviso of the law which declares "that nothing in this act shall be construed to prohibit the Confederate States, or any of them, from exporting any of the articles herein enumerated on their own account; " nor shall a bond be required of a State in any case.

12. The penalties of all bonds executed in conformity with these regulations shall be recovered in full on proof of breach of the conditions of the bond, and without proof of any damage suffered by the Confederate States in consequence of such breach, and all bonds shall be executed in such force as to give effect to this regulation.

13. Vessels sent into the Confederacy for the purpose of exporting cotton received in payment of any Confederate bond or obligation shall be subject to these regulations only as far as relates to such portion of the tonnage, if any, as may remain vacant after the lading of the cotton received inesaid.

14. The regulations for overland commerce with neutral countries will be issued separately a few days.

Approved.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Approved March 5, 1864.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 29.
 Richmond, March 5, 1864.

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

(1.)

AN ACT to prevent the procuring, aiding, and assisting persons to desert from the Army of the Confederate States, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That every person not subject to the Rules and Articles of War, who shall procure or entice a soldier or person enrolled for service in the Army of the Confederate States to desert; or who shall aid or assist any deserter from the Army, or any person enrolled for service, to evade their proper commanders, or to prevent their arrest to be returned to the service; or who shall knowingly conceal or harbor any such deserter; or shall purchase from any soldier or person enrolled for service any portion of his arms, equipments, rations or clothing, or any property belonging to the Confederate States or any officer or soldier of the Confederate States, having jurisdiction of the offense, be fined not exceeding one thousand dollars, and be imprisoned not exceeding two years.

Approved January 22, 1864.

(2.)

AN ACT to aid any State in communicating with, and perfecting records concerning its troops.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That upon the application of the Governor of any of the Confederate States, the Secretary of

