
peril to the Army, unless my officers shall be willing to take the responsibility and, in order to sustain the Army, run the risk and submit to the penalties of the law. Under authority from the Commissary-General, Colonel L. B. Northrop, I have conferred authority to impress upon the following officers and persons, viz:

Isaac Widgeon, commissary agent District of Florida; Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence, commissary Second District of Florida; Major J. P. Baldwin, commissary of subsistence, commissary Third District of Florida; Maj A. G. Summer, commissary of subsistence, commissary Fourth District of Florida; Mr. James McKay, commissary agent Fifth District of Florida; Capt J. D. Westcott, assistant commissary of subsistence; Captain C. F. Stubbs, assistant commissary of subsistence; J. P. Coker, sub-agent of Mr. Isaac Widgeon; Joseph B. Roulhac, sub-agent of Mr. Isaac Widgeon; John J. White, sub-agent of Mr. Isaac Widgeon; S. B. Thomas, sub-agent of Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence; J. J. Polhill, sub-agent of Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence; Arthur Macon, sub-agent of Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence; J. J. Snelling, sub-agent of Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence; Paul Canova, sub-agent of Major j. P. Baldwin, commissary of subsistence; William Allen, sub-agent of Major A. G. Summer, commissary of subsistence; E. D. House, sub-agent of Major A. G. Summer, commissary of subsistence; Captain James McKay, assistant quartermaster, sub-agent of James McKay, Fifth District; M. S. Elkins, subagent of Major A. B. Noyes, commissary of subsistence.

In addition to the above I have the honor to report my own name as one authorized to make impressments of subsistence stores. There are others, whose names I will forward you as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. W. WHITE,

Major and Chief Commissary of Florida.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SYLVANIA, JACKSON COUNTRY, December 12, 1863.

Major P. W. WHITE:

SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant was handed to me by Mr. Gibson as I passed through Quincy en route for this place. Previously I had sent to the office of the Floridian and Journal for publication the act of the General Assembly referred to by you, accompanied by a proclamation upon the subject. The fifth section of the act provides that "each and every person authorized by Confederate authority or law of the Confederate States to make impressments in this State shall notify the Governor thereof, so that the citizens of this State may be notified thereof by the proclamation of the Governor. " I do not believe that it was intended that the Governor should wait to be informed of all who were or might be authorized to make impressments before publishing the names of each and every one whom he should be properly assured authorized; nor am I inclined to construe the act strictly, so as to require from each every person authorized his individual credentials. The assurance of a superior officer may be sufficient for the purpose. Nor do I believe your apprehension that all surplus stores will be in danger of being purchased and taken out of the State, &amp;c., well sustained. No person

