
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant passports and transportation to an officer of such State, duly commissioned according to the law of said State, to communicate with its troops for such purposes, and at such times and placeproved by the Secretary of War, and such officer shall be allowed to purchase for himself supplies from the commissary stores, on the same terms with officers of similar rank in the service of the Confederate States, and according to the regulations which govern them: Provided, Such supplies shall not exceed those which a colonel of the Confederate States is allowed to purchase: Provided, That these agents shall be charged with the duty of obtaining from the officers in command of companies, final statements of deceased soldiers, to be filed in the Second Auditor's Office, to facilitate the settlements of such claims.

Approved February 16, 1864.

(3. *)

AN ACT creating the office of ensign in the Army of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there shall be appointed by the President, to each regiment of infantry in the Army of the Confederate States an officer to be known as ensign, with the rank, pay and allowances of a first lieutenant, whose duty it shall be to bear the colors of the regiment, but without night to command in the field.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(5.)

AN ACT to authorize the promotion of officers, non-commissioned officers and privates for distinguished skill or valor.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President is hereby authorized upon the recommendation of the general commanding a department or a separate army in the field, to fill any vacancy in the commissioned officers of a regiment or battalion, by the promotion to the same, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of any officer, non-commissioned officer or private who may have distinguished himself by exhibiting peculiar valor or skill on the battle-field: Provided, That the officer, non-commissioned officer or private so recommended and nominated for promotion, shall belong to the regiment or battalion in which the vacancy may have occurred.

SEC. 2. All acts and parts of acts in conflict with the above provisions are hereby repealed.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(6.)

AN ACT to amend the act entitled "An act to provide and organize engineer troops to serve during the war," approved twentieth March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the above-received act be so amended that there shall be allowed to each regiment of engineer troops two quartermaster-sergeants.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(7.)

AN ACT to amend the acts of April first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and September twenty, third, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the acts approved twenty-first April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and twenty-third September, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, regulating the increase and rank of the Corps of Engineers of the Provisional Army, he amended to read as follows: That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, with the advice and consent of the Senate, an additional number of officers in the Engineer Corps, of the Provisional Army: Provided, That the whole corps shall not exceed one hundred any twenty, and that the number of officers in each grade be limited to three colonels, four lieutenant-colonels, eight majors, forty-five captains, thirty-five first lieutenants, and twenty-five second lieutenants.

*Relates to the sustenance of prisoners of war, and is published in Series II, VOL. VI, p. 964.

