
SEC. 2. There may be appointed six military store-keepers, with the pay and allowances of captain of infantry, who shall give such bond for the faithful performance of their duty as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War: Provided, That the said store-keepers shall be appointed from persons who are disqualified for active service by reason of wounds received in the military service, or disease contracted whilst in the Army, or from persons over forty-five years of age.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(8.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide and organize engineer troops to serve during the war," approved March twentieth, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That an act "to provide and organize engineer troops to serve during the war," approved twentieth March, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, be amended to read as follows: That there shall be selected, in such manner as the Secretary of War may direct, from each division of infantry in service, or from every twelve regiments when not formed into divisions, one company of engineers troops, to consist of one hundred men, chosen with a view to their mechanical skill and physical fitness, and that the men assigned to such company shall be required to serve in the same only during the balance of their term of service respectively. These companies may be formed or recruited from conscripts and volunteer.

SEC. 2. That each company shall consist of eight sergeants, seven corporals, forty artificers and forty-five laborers, and that two musicians may be added .

SEC. 3. That the commissioned officers of each company shall consist of one captain, one first lieutenant and two second lieutenants; and that the original vacancies in these companies shall be filled by the transfer of officers of corresponding grade from the Engineer Corps, if practicable, and where not, then from the other corps or from the line or staff of the Army, reference being always had to their qualifications as engineers, or by selection; but no one shall be selected who is not serving in or with the Army, unless he is a military or civil engineer.

SEC. 4. That the companies shall be organized into regiments of ten companies each, and that the field and staff officers shall consist of one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one adjutant with the rank of first lieutenant, one in the regiments shall be filled in the manner provided for filling the same in the companies by the third section of this act.

SEC. 5. That in each regiment two of the companies shall be assigned to duty as pontoniers, and each be furnished with a bridge train complete.

SEC. 6. That the officer in charge of the Engineer Bureau, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, shall prescribe the number, form, and dimensions of the wagons, pontoons, trestles, tools, implements, arms and other necessaries for all the troops organized by this act.

SEC. 7. That vacancies in the established regiments to and including the rank of captain, shall be disability or other incompetency. The field officers shall be appointed or vacancy caused by promotion to original vacancy of higher rank.

SEC. 8. That the monthly pay of the engineer troops shall be as follows: Of a colonel, two hundred and ten dollars; of a lieutenant-colonel, one hundred and eighty-five dollars ; of a major, one hundred and sixty-two dollars; of a captain, one hundred and forty dollars; and the adjutant shall receive ten dollars per month in addition to his pay as lieutenant.

SEC. 9. That the pay of the enlisted men per month shall be as follows: The sergeant-major and quartermaster-sergeant, each thirty-four dollars; sergeants, thirty-four dollars; corporals, twenty dollars; artificers, seventeen dollars; laborers and musicians, thirteen dollars.

SEC. 10. The mounted engineer troops may be selected from the cavalry, and be organized according to the provisions of this act, for engineer troops, as hereinbefore specified.

SEC. 11. Officers of the Engineer Corps and of the engineer troops of the Provisional Army of equal rank may, with mutual consent, be transferred: Provided, The relative rank of no officer of either corps be prejudicial thereby.

Approved February 17, 1864.

