
(9.)

AN ACT to amend the Sixty-fifth Article of War.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Sixty-fifth Article of War be so amended as to read as follows: Article sixty-five. Any general officer commanding an army or commanding a force of cavalry not with and under the immediate command of the commander of an army, or other officer commanding a separate department, may appoint general courts-martial whenever necessary. But no sentence of a court-martial shall be carried into execution until after the whole proceedings shall have been laid before the officer ordering the same, or the officer commanding the troops for the time being; neither shall any sentence of a general court-martial in time of peace, extending to the loss of life, or the dismission of a commissioned officer, or which shall, either in time of peace or war, respect a general officer, be carried into execution until after the whole proceedings shall have been transmitted to the Secretary of War, to be laid before the President of the Confederate States for his confirmation or disapproval and orders in the case . All other sentences may be confirmed and executed by the officers ordering the court to assemble, or the commanding officer for the time being, as the case may be.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(10.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts. "

The Congress of the Confederate of America do enact, That the act entitled "An act to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts," be so amended as to authorize the President to establish one in North Alabama, which shall sit at such times and places as said court may direct, and shall have all the powers and jurisdiction given to said military courts by said act; but the judges thereof shall give ten held: Provided, however, That said court shall ceases to exist after one year from the passage of this act, unless longer continued by Congress.

Approved February 13, 1864.

(11.)

AN ACT to authorize the President to establish additional military courts.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in addition to the military courts now authorized by law, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a military court to attend any division of cavalry in the field, and also one for each State within a military department, whenever, in his judgment, such courts would promote the public interest; which courts shall be organized, and have the same powers and duties, and the members thereof appointed as provided by law.

Approved February 16, 1864.

(12.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts," approved October ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederacy States of America do enact, That when two or more army corps are united in the same army, charges shall be referred to said courts, and their proceedings be subject to review by the army commander, as in the case of general court-martial; and that the jurisdiction of each of said courts shall extend to any person connected with the army of which the corps to which particular corps to which said court may be attached.

SEC. 2. That when the corps to which any military court may be attached shall, from any cease, cease to exist as such, the Secretary of War shall assign the members and officers of such court to any other unsupplied corps, or other subdivision of any of the armies of the Confederate States, where a military court may be needed; and exchanges and transfers of individual members and officers from any one court to another, may be made by the Secretary of War, on application of the parties concerned; the consent of the commander or commanders of the army or armies to which the particular courts may belong having been first obtained to such exchange or transfer.

