
SEC. 3. That the fourth section of the act of which this is amendatory be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to extend the jurisdiction of the military courts to all offenders below the grade of lieutenant-general.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(13.)

AN ACT to confer additional powers upon courts-martial and military courts.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That any military court or court-martial convened within the Army of the Confederate States shall have power to summon as a witness before it any citizen of the State in which said court may, at the time, hold its session; and any citizen disobeying said summons, upon information given thereof by the judge-advocate of said military court or court-martial to the judge of the district court of the Confederate States for the district in which said citizen may reside, shall be subject to the same penalties as for disobedience of an order of said district court; or, on application of the judge-advocate, such citizen witness may, by military force, be arrested and brought before said military court or court-martial by order of the commander of the Army, and may be held in close confinement until he or she shall consent to testify.

SEC. 2. That any citizen witness appearing upon being summoned, as provided in this act, shall be paid such reasonable amount for his or her attendance as the commander of the Army shall deem reasonable, which payment shall be made by any paymaster, upon the certificate of said commander, specifying the amount.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(14.)

AN ACT to authorize commanders of corps and departments to detail officers as members of military courts, under certain circumstances.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That commanders of corps and departments be, and they are hereby, authorized to detail field officers as members of military courts, whenever any of the judges of said courts shall be disqualified by consanguinity or affinity, or unable, from sickness or other unavoidable cause, to attend said courts.

Approved February 6, 1864.

(15.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to punish drunkenness in the Army," approved April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the jurisdiction conferred upon courts of inquiry in the act above recited is hereby repealed, and the said jurisdiction is hereby conferred, for the punishment of the offense therein named, upon the military courts and general courts-martial convened in the Army of the Confederate States; and the proceedings therein shall be subject to review as in other cases.

SEC. 2. That any citizen of the Confederate States is hereby authorized to make report of any violation of the provisions of the act to which this is an amendment, in the same manner as officers of the Army are now required to do.

SEC. 3. Upon any trial for drunkenness, it shall be lawful to prove, without special charge, that the accused is of intemperate habits; and if the court shall find that he is of such habits, he shall be cashiered or otherwise punished, at the discretion of the court.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(16.)

AN ACT to authorize the organization of auxiliary bureaus of the War Department west of the Mississippi River.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That under the direction of the President, such bureaus or agencies of the War Department may be organized west of the Mississippi River as the public service may require, which shall be auxiliary to the similar bureaus of said Department established by law, and shall perform such duties as may be directed by instructions from the Secretary of War, or the general commanding in the Trans-Mississippi Department, acting under the authority of the War Department.

13 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

