
SEC. 2. Such staff officers and clerks may be assigned to duty, or appointed by the President in these bureaus, as may be necessary for the service; and under authority from the President, the general commanding in the Trans-Mississippi Department may assign such officers to duty, or make appointments therein, subject to the approval of the President: Provided, That no clerk employed under this act shall be allowed a salary exceeding $2,000 per annum, or be liable to military duty.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(17.)

AN ACT authorizing chaplains, in certain cases, to draw forage for one horse.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That chaplains in the Army, in actual service in the field, shall be entitled to draw forage for one horse: Provided, That chaplain has a horse in his use.

Approved January 22, 1864.

(18.)

AN ACT relating to the appointment of a general and lieutenant-generals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President may appoint one general in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, when, in his discretion, it shall be deemed necessary and proper, for the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department, by with the advise and consent of the Senate.

SEC. 2. That the President may, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint lieutenant-generals in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, when, in his discretion, it shall be deemed necessary for the command of any one of the military departments.

SEC. 3. That the officers appointed under the provisions of this act, shall continue to hold the rank herein provided, so long as they shall efficiently discharge the duties in command of said several departments, and no longer, but will resume thereafter their former rank in the service.

Approved February 17, 1864.

(19.)

A BILL to repeal an act to organize bands of partisan rangers, approved April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act of Congress aforesaid be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Provided, That organizations of partisan rangers acting as regular cavalry at the passage of this act, shall be continued in their present organization: Provided, They shall hereafter be considered as regular cavalry and not as partisan rangers.

SEC. 2. That all the bands of partisan rangers organized under the said act, may, as the interests of the service allow, be united with other organizations, or be organized into battalions and regiments, with the view to bringing them under the general conditions of the Provisional Army as to discipline, control and movements, under such regulations as the Secretary of War may prescribe.

SEC. 3. The Secretary of War shall be authorized, if he deems proper, for a time, or permanently, to except from the operation of this act such companies as are serving within the lines of the enemy, and under such conditions as he may prescribe.

Approved February 17, 1864.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Numbers 54.
 Richmond, March 5, 1864.

I. The following act of Congress and the joint resolution construing the same are published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to increase the compensation of certain civil officers and employees in the President's Office and in the Executive and Legislative Departments, at Richmond, for a limited period.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the salaries and compensation of all civil officers and employees in the President's Office, and in

