
the Executive and Legislature Departments, at Richmond, whose compensation or salaries do not exceed the sum of $2,000 per annum, shall be increased from the passage of this act to the 15th of May, 1864, at the rate of 100 per cent. per annum: Provided, The same shall not be thereby increased beyond the rate of $3,000 per annum; and the salaries of all said officers whose compensation is above $2,000, and does not exceed the sum of $3,000 per annum, shall, for the same period of time, be increased at the rate of 50 per cent. per annum; but it is hereby expressly declared that the increase compensation provided for by this act, shall not be paid to any officer or employee in any Executive Department of the Government, who is liable to perform military duty, or is able to bear arms in the field, unless such officer or employee shall first obtain a certificate from the head of the department in which he is engaged, that his services are absolutely necessary to the Government, and that his place cannot be supplied by any one known to the head of the department who is not subject to military duty, which said certificate shall be filled with the Secretary of the Treasury before the money is paid; and it shall be filled with the Secretary of the Treasury before the money is paid; and it shall be the duty of the said Secretary, at the beginning of each session, to communicate a list of all such certificat Provided, That no clerk who, by virtue of a military commission, receives rations, or commutation of rations, shall be entitled to the benefits of this act.

Approved January 30, 1864.

JOINT RESOLUTION construing an "Act to increase the increase the compensation of civil officers and employees in the President's Office and in the Executive and Legislative Departments, at Richmond, for a limited period," approved January 30, 1864.

Resolved, That the "Act to increase the compensation of certain civil officers and employees in the President's Office and in the Executive and Legislative Departments, at Richmond, for a limited period, " approved January 30, 1864, be, and the same is hereby, construed so as to embrace soldiers detailed for clerical duty in Richmond.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NITER AND MINING BUREAU, Richmond, Va., March 5, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM GABBETT,

Supt. Districts Nos. 8 and 9, Blue Mountain, Ala.:

The attention of district superintendents of the niter and mining service is called to General Orders, Numbers 18 and 26, current series.

In all districts exposed to the enemy a military organization, with simple drill for an irregular force moving rapidly, will be arranged by each superintendent, to embrace all the workmen who can be conveniently assembled on short notice. To retain unquestioned control over the men it is essential that each superintendent should command as field officer, always bearing in mind that "military orders must be subordinate to work. " Beyond this the organization will conform as closely as possible to the "local defense act. " Arms will be furnished on requisition.

When such organization is complete the superintendent will report the fact to the general commanding district or department, and, representing the urgent requisitions for ordnance stores upon the niter and mining service, will state the wish of the Secretary of War that their force shall only be called off in extreme cases and returned at the earliest moment.

All interruptions of work in violation of General Orders, Numbers 18, will be promptly reported for the action of the Secretary of War, with a concise statement of names, dates, and facts. To the officer so offending, if claiming to act under superior orders, a claim protest

