
will be made, if possible in writing, fixing a district responsibility upon his actions for damage thereby inflicted upon the service. At the same time all reasonable aid will be extended to officers of the enrolling service acting in the proper discharge of their duties.

Special attention is directed to the absence of restriction upon the labor of the niter and mining service in the act "to organize forces for the war. "

The officers of this service, thus placed upon honor, are expected to exercise unusual vigilance in sending to the Army every man that can possibly be spared by substituting therefor exempt and negro labor. Clerical work must be performed by those who cannot render filed service, special care being taken to employ, where practicable, refugee ladies in needy circumstances.

In all these arrangements results must first be studied. Returns of material must be increased, not diminished. Where this can be done by substituted labor especial credit will be awarded, but until the Secretary of War shall see proper to recall the conscript labor at present employed usefully and effectively, the superintendent can continue existing arrangements rather than risk a deficient supply.

The charge indicated in these instructions calls for a peculiar degree of devotion and personal forbearance. While the frequent misappreciation of labors so important is deeply to be regretted, yet, under the orders of the Secretary of War, it remains for the corps to press on quietly, resolutely, and most earnestly in the effort to do boule duty during the present critical campaign.

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Bureau.

ATLANTA, March 5, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In obedience to your instructions I returned home after the adjournment of Congress and proceeded at once to encourage the raising and organization of volunteer companies, battalions, and regiments, to be composed of persons between seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years of age, under the late military bill for State defense, &amp;c. I wrote Governor Brown, asking his co-operation, and inclose herewith an exact copy of his reply, from which it appears that the question of the propriety of the proposed organization of this class of troops will be submitted to the Legislature, soon to assemble in extra session. In my efforts to get volunteers I find the young men disposed to come promptly forward, but the men over forty-five, with few exceptions, refuse to volunteer, giving as a reason that it will be time enough to do so when called out by order of the President. In view of this state of affairs I beg to suggest that it would greatly facilitate volunteering if the President would issue his order allowing a limited time within which to volunteer, and upon failure to do so to be enrolled. I have about twenty companies in process of organization, and hope to be able to send you before the expiration of the present month the muster-rolls of two or more regiments. Please send me such instructions as may be necessary, and if deemed advisable submit this letter and inclosure to the President.

With sentiments of highest esteem,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS J. GARTRELL.

