
use, under said act, the same shall be paid for at the time of said impressment, unless an appeal shall be taken from said valuation, as hereinafter provided, according to the valuation agreed upon between the parties, or ascertained by loyal and is interested citizens of the city, or parish in which the impressment may be made, in the manner and according to the regulations provided in the first, second, and third sections of the above-recited act, or in the eighth section thereof, where it is applicable.

SEC. 2. Whenever the officers making the impressment of property, under the act hereby amended, shall believe that the appraisement is fair and just, he shall indorse his approval upon the appraisement, and make payment accordingly; but if he shall believe that it is not fair and just, then he shall refuse to approve, and indorse the reasons of his refusal on the certificate, and shall have the right to appeal from the decision of the appraisers, by reporting the case to the commissioners appointed under said act, to which this is an amendment, for their decision, whose judgment shall be final, and in the meantime the property shall be final, and in the meantime the property shall be held and appropriated by the officer impressing the same, who shall give a receipt therefor to the owner, who shall also have the right of appeal, as herein provided.

SEC. 3. The said commissioners shall have power to summon and examine witnesses to enable them to fix the value of property impressed, which shall be a just compensation for the property so impressed, at the time and place of impressment, and when the commissioners shall have fixed the value of property in cases of appeal, they shall furnish the owner and impressing officer with a statement of such value, which valuation by the commissioners shall be within three months from the time of impressment.

SEC. 4. That said commissioners shall be sworn faithfully to discharge all their duties under this act, and the act to which this is an amendment.

SEC. 5. That the tenth section of the act, to which this is an amendment, be stricken out, and the following inserted instead thereof: "No slave laboring on a farm or plantation exclusively devoted to the production of grain or provisions, shall be taken for public use without the consent of the owner, except in case of urgent necessity, and upon the order of the general commanding the department in which said fn is situated. "

SEC. 6. That the act amendatory of the above-recited act, approved April twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and so much of the first section of said act as requires an affidavit to be made by the owner of his agent, that such property was grown, raised or produced by said owner, or held, or has been purchased by him, not for sale or speculation, but for his own use or consumption, be and the same is hereby, repealed.

SEC. 7. no impressment shall be made under this act, or the act to which this is amendatory, for the use or benefit of contractors with the Government.

SEC. 8. Nothing in this act shall be construed to authorize the impressing officer to enter an appeal from any decision of the local appraisers, under the seventh section of the act to which this is amendatory.

Approved February 16, 1864.

II. Impressments according to this act, and the act to which this is an amendment, may be made for necessary supplies for the Confederate armies in the field, and for their accumulation in magazines and at posts and depots, and to carry on the various operations of the military bureaus connected with the War Department, whenever the same cannot be obtained by contract.

III. They may be made under order from the generals commanding armies, departments, corps, divisions, and by commanders of detached parties, when a necessity arises therefor. These orders may be executed by appropriate officers of the staff belonging to the army. The chiefs of the various bureaus will designate the officers and persons who shall be competent to make impressments under the authority conferred upon them.

IV. Before any impressment shall be made to impressing officer or his agent will make an offer to the owner, his bailee or agent, in writing, for the purchase of the property, describing the property, describing the property he wishes to purchase, the price he is willing to pay, and the mode of payment, and stating that upon a refusal to accept the same compensation will be made according to the acts of Congress for the regulation

