
company officers, we request our Representatives in Congress, as a proper appreciation of the patriotic devotion, patience, and toil of our gallant soldiers in this sanguinary struggle for independence, to use their zealous efforts to procure, at the earliest practicable day, such a charge in existing Confederate laws as shall secure the right of all regiments, battalion, and companies in the Confederate service from this State to elect all their regimental, battalion, and company officers.

has been referred by you to this Department, and has been respectfully considered. This claim was presented by His Excellency to this Department in several communications, which are submitted, together with the response of the Department to the claim as made by him.

His Excellency does not deny that the action of this Department has been in accordance with the legislation of Congress, and this Department has not considered it to be its duty to vindicate to him at large that legislation as being in accordance with the Constitution. It is proper, however, for it to say that it did not entertain doubt on the subject, and had no scruple in conforming its administration to the will of Congress.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 4, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 29th ultimo, with the resolutions of the Legislature of North Carolina relative to impressments in that State has been received. * The Department has taken the utmost care, the its general orders and by its instructions in writing and otherwise, to mitigate as far as practicable the evils consequent upon the execution of the law relative to impressment. These orders provide that necessary supplies which any person may have for the consumption of himself, his family, employees, slaves, or to carry on his ordinary mechanical, manufacturing, omployments, shall not be impressed and until further orders, which will not be given unless under imperative exigencies for the supply of the Army, not to impress necessaries of subsistence to man owned by producers in transit to market, or after arrival at market, unless retained an unreasonable time sale to consumer. The seventh section of the act of Congress of 26th of March last, which has been published as a part of the instructions, requires that the supplies to be exempt as family supplies shall be ascertained by appraisers, and that the judgment of the appraisers is to be conclusive on the impressing officer. Each citizen claiming to hold the property impressing for his family supply is entitled to claim the benefit of an appraisement and to designate one of the appraisers who shall act with an appraiser to be appointed by the impressing officer, and who is entitled to aid in the selection of an umpire in case of their disagreement. The Department has enjoined upon the Commissary Department that the power intrusted to it should be employed with discrimination and care, and that all the directions of the act of Congress and of this Department for the execution of the act should be scrupulously fulfilled. This Department is constantly employed in correcting irregularities in the execution

---------------

* See Vol, II, this series, p. 1066.

---------------

