
This notice will be considered as binding the property until the completion of the negotiation for the sale and transfer of the same to the impressing officer. The property will remain in the custody of the owner and at his risk during the pending of these proceedings, unless a delivery of the same be thereupon made to the impressing officer, with his consent. In case of a change of possession under these circumstances, the Confederate States will be regarded as the owner and the property held for its use and at its risk.

V. In all cases in which the offer of an impressing officer is refused he will proceed to adjust the price according to the first section of the act above recited; that is, by the judgement of two loyal and disinterested persons of the city, country, or parish in which the impressment may be made-one to be selected by the owner, his bailee or agent, and one by the impressing officer. In the event of their disagreement, these two will select an umpire of like qualification. The persons thus selected will proceed to assess just compensation for the property so impressed, whether the absolute ownership or the temporary use thereof be required. If the impressing officer believes that the appraisement is fair and just, he will indorse his approval and pay for the property, and the right in the object impressed will become the property of the Confederate States. But if he does not approve of the appraisement, he will decline to approve it, and indorse the reasons for his refusal on the certificate, and forthwith report the case to the commissioners appointed under the fifth section of the act to which the act above recited is an amendment; and in the meantime the property will be taken and a receipt, describing the property and the proceedings for the adjustment of the price the appeal, given to the owner. The impressing officer will immediately report the case to the appraisers, with a statement of the quality and condition of the property, and his opinion upon the subject.

VI. No officer of agent will impress the necessary supplies which any person may have for the consumption of himself, his family, employees, or slaves, or to carry on his ordinary mechanical, manufacturing, or agricultural employments.

If any question arise as to the fact whether the supplies are necessary, or whether there be a surplus, it will be determined by appraisers mutually selected according to the preceding section, and in this case the decision of the appraisers will be binding on the officer, who will not be allowed an appeal therefrom.

VII. these regulations are published as a substitute for the regulations contained in General Orders, Nos. 37 and 161, series of 1863.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 7, 1864.

Honorabl

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have to thank you for your two letters of the 23rd 28th ultimo on the subject of the decision of Judge Pearson in North Carolina. * After very careful consideration I cannot see may way clear to any other course than a firm but temperate execution of the

*Not found.

