
to comply with the terms of the proposition. All that this Department can do is to direct an inquiry to be made for the purpose of ascertaining the persons who have committed the injuries and to control their pay and allowance for the purpose of affording compensation if they belong to the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 9, 1864. - For Lee to Seddon, in reference to organization of minute men in the counties bordering on the Alleghany Mountains in Virginia, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1212.]

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 57.
 Richmond, March 9, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. During the absence of General Gilmer from Richmond Major General M. L. Smith is assigned to duty as chief of the Engineer Bureau, and will report immediately in this city.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 9, 1864.

Mr. Thomas E. Courtney is hereby authorized to employ a band of men, not exceeding twenty-five in number, for secret service against the enemy, who will not be liable to conscription while so employed. The band shall operate according to the rules and regulations of this Department for such organization, and under the restrictions contained herein or that may be prescribed hereafter. This authority may be revoked or the organization disbanded at any time at the pleasure of this Department. Such work as may be necessary may be executed at the workshops of this Department, and powder, chemicals, &c., be furnished. The work and materials furnished to be paid for at the cost thereof to the Government. Transportation for his men and materials will be furnished. The services to be rendered shall be without pay or compensation other than as herein provided.

For the destruction of property of the enemy or injury done, a percentage shall be paid in 4 per cent. bonds, in no case to exceed 50 per cent. of the loss to the enemy, and to be awarded by such officer or officers as shall be charged with such duty by this Department.

The waters and railroads of the Confederate States used by the enemy are properly the subjects and arenas of operations against the enemy's property, whether public or private. Passenger vessels of citizens of the United States on the high seas and private property in the waters and [on] railroads, or within the territory of the United States, is not to be the subject of operations, except as to such articles being the growth and production of the Confederate States as may have been thence removed to the United States. But the public property of the enemy may be destroyed wherever it may be found.

