
While flag-of-truce boats pass between any point within the lines of the enemy to any point within the Confederate lines no torpedo or other engine of destruction shall be so placed or used as to endanger their safety.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 9, 1864. - For Vance to Davis, in relation to affairs in North Carolina, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 830.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 31.
 Richmond, March 10, 1864.

I. The following act of Congress "for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases," with the instructions of the War Department, is published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases.

Whereas, the Constitution of the Confederate States of America provides, in article first, section nine, paragraph three that "the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when, in case of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may require it; " and whereas, the power of suspending the privilege of said writ, as recognized in paid article first, is vested solely in the Congress, which is the exclusive judge of the necessity of such suspension; and whereas, in the opinion of the Congress, the public safety requires the suspension of said writ in the existing case of the invasion of these States by the armies of the United States; and whereas, the President has asked for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, and informed Congress of conditions of public danger which render the suspension of the writ a measure proper for the public defence, against invasion and insurrection: Now, therefore.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That during the present invasion of the Confederate States, the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus be, and the same is hereby, suspended; but such suspension shall apply only to the cases of persons arrested or detained by order of the President, Secretary of War, or the general officer commanding the Trans-Mississippi Military Department, by the authority and under the control of the President. It is hereby declared that the purpose of Congress in the passage of this act is to provide more effectually for the public safety, by suspending the writ of habeas corpus in the following cases, and no others:

First. -Of treason, or treasonable efforts or combinations to subvert the Government of the Confederate States.

Second. Of conspiracies to overthrow the Government, or conspiracies to resist the lawful authorities of the Confederate States.

Third. - Of combining to assist the enemy, or of communicating intelligence to the enemy, or giving him aid and comfort.

Fourth. -Of conspiracies, preparations and attempts to incite servile insurrection.

Fifth. - Of desertions of encouraging desertions, of harboring deserters, and of attempts to avoid military service: Provided, That in cases of palpable wrong and oppression by any subordinate officer, upon any party who does not legally owe military service, his superior officer shall grant prompt relief, to the oppressed party, and the subordinate shall be dismissed from office.

Sixth. - Of spies and other emissaries of the enemy.

Seventh. - Of holding correspondence or intercourse with the enemy, without necessity and without the permission of the Confederate States.

Eighth. - Of unlawful trading with the enemy, and other offenses against the laws of the Confederate States, enacted to promote their success in the war.

Ninth. -Of conspiracies or attempts to liberate prisoners of war held by the Confederate States.

Tenth. - Of conspiracies, or attempts or preparations to aid the enemy.

Eleventh. -Of persons advising or inciting others to abandon the Confederate cause, or to resist the Confederate States, or to adhere to the enemy.

