
Twelfth. - Of unlawfully burning, destroying or injuring, or attempting to burn, destroy or injure, any bridge or railroad, or telegraphic line of communication, or other property, with the intent of aiding the enemy.

Thirteenth. - Of treasonable designs to impair the military of the Government, by destroying or attempting to destroy, the vessels or arms, or munitions of war, or arsenals, foundries, workshops or other property of the Confederate States.

SEC. 2. The President shall cause proper officers to investigate the cases of all persons so arrested or detained, in order hat they may be discharged, if improperly detained, unless they can be speedily tried in the due course of law.

SEC. 3. That during the suspension aforesaid, no military or other officer shall be compelled, in answer to any writ of habeas corpus, to appear in person, or to return the body of any person detained by him the authority of the President, Secretary of War, or the general officer commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department; but upon the certificate, under oath of the officer having charge of any one so detained, that such person is detained by him as a prisoner, for any of the causes hereinbefore specified, under the authority aforesaid, further proceedings under the writ of habeas corpus shall immediately cease and remain suspended so long as this act shall continue in force.

SEC. 4. This act shall continue in force for ninety days after the next meeting of Congress, and no longer.

A true copy:

JAMES M. MATTHEWS,

Law Clerk.

Approved February 15, 1864.

II. There will be appointed by this Department, for each military department of the Confederacy east of the Mississippi River, one or more competent persons as commissioners to investigate the cases of persons who may be arrested or detained by any military authority for any cause specified within the above-recited act. Information of all such arrests will be given to him by the department commander as soon as practicable after they are made, and he will proceed to investigate the same. If, upon examination, a reasonable and probable cause for detention does not appear, he will certify the fact to the general or other officer in command, who will immediately discharge the prisoner from arrest; but if a reasonable and probable causes does appear, the commissioner will forthwith transmit to this department a copy of the evidence taken in the case, with his opinion thereon, for instructions, and meanwhile the prisoner shall remain in custody.

III. In all cases in which a person who has been enlisted in the Army under any of the acts of Congress to provide for the public defense, or to raise troops to serve during the war, or to provide for local defense and special service, or who has been enlisted or enrolled for service under the acts of Congress further to provide for the public defense, or has been placed in the military service by the act of Congress to organize forces to serve during the war, approved 17th of February, 1864, or shall be held in custody for desertion or encouraging desertions, of harboring deserters, and of attempts to avoid military service, or of holding correspondence of intercourse with the enemy without necessity and without the permission of the Confederate States, or of combining to assist the enemy, or of communicating intelligence to the enemy, or of giving him aid and comfort, or for any other cause specified in the act aforesaid; and in all cases in which any person not belonging to the military service shall be held in custody by any military authority for any of the causes mentioned in the act shall apply to any court or officer in the Confederate States for a writ of habeas corpus, it will be the duty of the officer having the command or custody of such person forthwith to report the case, with all the relevant facts, to the War Department for instructions

