
to the proper answer to be made to such writ, and in the meantime to retain the custody and control of such person under this order, a copy of which will be communicated to the officer or court issuing the writ, as affording the reason why time should be given to make a more complete return.

IV. In all cases when the requisite delay cannot be obtained, it will be the duty of the officer having command and custody of persons embraced in the preceding section, or who may have in custody as prisoners any person charged under any of the sections of the above-recited act of Congress, to make a special return in writing and under oath that the body of such person so detained by him is detained by the authority of the Secretary of War, and that he declines, under and by virtue of his authority and the act of Congress aforesaid, to produce the body of such person, or to make further appearance or return to the said writ.

V. The commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi Department will perform the functions devolving upon the War Department, under these orders, in that portion of the Confederacy.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 10, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 2nd instant with regard to the discharge of soldiers appointed cadets in the military academy and inclosing resolutions of the Legislature of your State by the appointment of such cadets.

In reply I have the honor to say that the State cadets appointed by Your Excellency in pursuance of the resolutions of the General Assembly will be permitted to attend such military institutions within the State as may be designated by you. I had not previously been aware of the limited scope of the appointing power, or that when applied to youths in service it was intended as a reward for peculiar merit. At the same time, as many other States have military institutions, and it will be difficult to make generally known the difference between these special instances, and the other cadets whom I have refused to discharge, I would earnestly recommend that appointments be made, as far as possible, from those not in service. Greater dissatisfaction than Your Excellency is aware of is frequently engendered in a command by a discharge which seems on partiality or a special exception.

I have also received your letter of the 4th instant* urging the propriety of stationing in the upper part of your State a force sufficient for its protection in the even that General Longstreet should evacuate East Tennessee. The contingency referred to by Your Excellency has not yet arisen, and I trust there will be no occasion for the employment of troops within the important section mentioned for its defense from raids of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 314.

---------------

