
5. The military commander of any department from which exports are conveyed to Mexico shall establish by general orders, to be published by him, as many convenient points as may be necessary for the assemblage and departure of all vehicles or means of transportation used in the business, and detail officers for the examination, search, and seizure of all vehicles, teams, and slaves employed as drivers whenever engaged in the infraction or evasion of these regulations, or the law which they are intended to enforce.

6. All vehicles, animals, slaves, or other means of transportation, and all cotton or other articles that may be seized whether by the officers of the revenue or by military authorities, for any violation of law or of these regulations, shall be, without any waste, spoliation, impressment, or injury of any kind, forthwith conveyed and delivered to the nearest marshal or deputy of the Confederate States, and a detailed receipt taken from him setting forth a full description of the property seized and delivered to him for safe custody. And it shall be the duty of said marshal or deputy marshal to keep turrendered in safe custody until the further order of the judge or a commissioner of a district court of the Confederate States having jurisdiction of the subject-matter; and the said marshal or deputy marshal shall forthwith, upon the receipt by him of the property seized, give information to the collector of the district or to the district attorney, or both, if practicable, of all the facts in relation to the seizure of the property and its delivery to him for safe-keeping.

7. No military authority shall presume, under any circumstances, to seize property while being carried under the provisions of the law and of these regulations for any other cause than a violation of said provisions, nor in case of seizure to dispose of the property seized in any other manner than that prescribed in the foregoing regulations. But in cases where there is great risk of the property falling into the hands of the enemy it shall be competent for the proper military authorities to require the licensed carrier to suspend his trip till the danger be passed, or to pursue a different route from that originally designated, or even in cases of imminent danger to abandon the trip.

8. The bonds to be taken under these regulations, shall be subject to the provisions of the twelfth regulation relative to exportation by sea, and said bonds may be taken up on the production to the collector of satisfactory evidence that the party has complied with the conditions of the bond as far as practicable.

Approved.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Approved March 11, 1864.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[MARCH 11, 1864. - For Seddon to Lee, in reference to the organization of minute men in Virginia, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1217.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 32. Richmond, March 11, 1864.

I. The act of Congress relative to the employment of free negroes and slaves in certain capacities and the instructions of the War

