
II. The Bureau of Conscription will direct the enrollment of all the persons described in the first section of the act aforesaid east of the Mississippi River who are not unfit for the service required from them, by reason of physical or mental incapacity or imbecility, and will against them to the performance of the duties mentioned in the act, or similar duties in any of the military bureaus, or with troops in the field, as there may be any call for such service.

III. Applications for an exemption on the grounds that the interests of the country require it, or because it is demanded by justice, equity, or necessity, will be made to the enrolling officer in writing, and will be disposed of by him according to the general directions contained in the regulations published in Orders, No. 26, 1864, under the "act to organize forces to serve during the war. "

IV. For the execution of the sections in the foregoing act relative, to the employment and impressment, of slaves the provisions of Orders No. 138, of the 24th of October, 1863, will afford the requisite rules for the guidance of the military bureaus and commanding generals, with modifications hereafter mentioned. First. That slaves shall not be impressed when the services of free negroes can be obtained. Second. Slaves under the age of eighteen and above the age of fifty are exempt. Third. The hire for slaves impressed shall be according to the rates fixed by the appraisers under the act to regulate impressments. Fourth. The limitation as to the term for which slaves shall be impressed for service shall be for twelve months, instead of the term fixed by said orders, if the exigency shall require it.

V. All impressments for service in the various military bureaus under this act will be special order upon application to the War Department, disclosing the efforts that have been made to provide other labor specified in the act, the necessity for the impressment, and the plan proposed to secure it.

VI. The general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department will superintend the execution of the law for that department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 60 Richmond, Va., March 12, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XX. The Quartermaster-General is hereby authorized to stop passenger trains upon any line of railroad in which either forage or subsistence for the Army may be delayed until the same or such portion thereof as may be necessary to the public service shall e removed. All officers in charge of transportation at points where such supplies are delayed will communicate the fact to the Quartermaster-General who will give the necessary directions to them to stop the trains.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

14 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

