
submit to the penalties of the law, further than to express the hope that there will no attempt to act in defiance of the law of the State.

If there shall be, sufficient for the day will be the evil thereof.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

DECEMBER 13, 1863.

P. S. -Before an opportunity occurred to mail the foregoing reply to your letter I have received from Widgeon a copy of a communication from Major S. B. French to you, dated the 9th of December, directing you to procure at once, by purchase or impressment, all the sorghum molasses than can be obtained. I presume Major French was ignorant of the late act of the General Assembly, and believe that there is not enough sorghum sugar in the State to the State to be of very great service. I am as anxious as you can possibly be to have subsistence furnished to the Army, and therefore respectfully suggest that independence of procuring what molasses can be obtained you would confer with those whose duty it is to collect the tithes and inspire them with energy to co-operate with you to obtain and forward pork and bacon, as well as beef, as soon as it may be possible. In a few days an immense number of hogs will be slaughtered for bacon and pork; already some have been, and there are many farmers who will have large quantities of pork, bacon, and lard to spare, after paying the tithes and providing for the absolute necessary wants of the families of soldiers, their own families, and non-producers dependent upon them, who will cheerfully sell at Government prices for the use of the Army. I believe in this country 200,000 pounds of pork and bacon can be obtained.

Respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CAMP PERRY'S BRIGADE, December 26, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of the State of Florida:

SIR: An application asking that three Florida regiments be allowed to winter in Florida for the purpose of recruiting has just been returned, after having been strongly recommended by General Perry, Anderson, and Hill, by General Lee, with the indorsement that in a correspondence with Your Excellency he had proposed the only method by which the object of the application could be attained, viz, by sending other troops on to relieve us. We do not known upon whose shoulders to throw the blame, but it does appear that it our friends at home had earnestly wished the scheme to succeed they might have made some little effort to have those troops sent to take our places, thereby giving us a short time at least to recruit our ranks, which have been sadly thinned by the danger, hardships, and diseases to which we have been exposed for nearly two years. We do not wish to detract from the merit or gallantry of those troops yet remaining in the State, but think it just and right that they should be made to bear their part of the burden; or in other words, that it would be more equally distributed. Our brigade once number over 3,000 men, but now little more than as many hundred remain. The President has strongly recommended in his message to Congress that the

