
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 12, 1864.

Captain John C. Kay is hereby authorized to enlist in his company for 'special service on the Mississippi River" a number of men not exceeding fifty. They are to be enlisted from localities within the lines of the enemy exclusively. The company to be subject to the rules and regulations of this Department for such organizations; to be subject to being disbanded at its pleasure, and to operate under the instructions of department and district commanders and under such restrictions as may be prescribed by them in this Department. The service to be without pay or other compensation than the percentage of loss or injury to the enemy's property, to be awarded by an officer or officers charged with that duty by this Department, in no case to exceed 50 per centum.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 12, 1864.

Hon. THOMAS BRAGG,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: In the Richmond Enquirer of this date you will find a publication of the orders relative to the writ of habeas corpus. * The Department requests that you will undertake the office of chief commissioner for the fulfillment of the duties imposed by the writ and the orders for the State of North Carolina. You will be at liberty to detail from the class of men between forty-five and fifty competent assistants, who, while on that duty, will be relieved from other duty. Congress failed to make an appropriation for executing the duties imposed by this act upon the Department, but that omission can be supplied at the next session. You will keep an accurate account of the expenses and return it previously to the 1st of May next.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, March 12, 1864.

Mr. THOMAS SHARP,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Nassau and thence to Nova Scotia for the purpose of purchasing and forwarding to some Confederate port via Nassau the machinery and material described in the inclosed memorandum,+ to be used in the manufacture of army shoes. You will apply for funds on reaching Nassau to Major R. P. Waller, quartermaster at that point, who is authorized to advance you the sum of pounds 3,500, enough to triplicate in behalf of the shoe establishment at Atlanta, which, with the risks of the blockade, will probably secure the receipt of two complete sets. Be sure to separate the three lots in shipping them and so pack the same that whatever may come to hand may be complete. Use all possible dispatch in the business and communicate from time to time your success to this office. It may be that some of the material and shoemakers' tools

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 31, p. 203.

+Not found.

---------------

