
can be purchased in Nassau and forwarded without delay from there. Major Cameron, quartermaster at Wilmington, will aid you in securing passage from Wilmington, and your necessary personal expenses, of which you will render an account on your return, can be defrayed from the funds you will receive.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

P. S. - Should you have the funds to spare you can purchase a small quantity of the chemicals mentioned in your letter of the 13th ultimo, with a view of making some experiments to shorten the process of tanning.

RICHMOND, March 12, 1864.

Major R. P. WALLER,

Quartermaster, Nassau, New Providence:

SIR: The bearer, Mr. Thomas Sharp, goes abroad for a short time to purchase a lot of machinery, material, and tools for the manufacture of shoes. His instructions will inform you more fully of the precise character of his mission and the things to be purchased. He will require pounds 3,500 to meet his expenditures, and I write to authorize you to advance the sum to him; put fearing at the same time that you may not be able to do so promptly, I have do direct, with the sanction of the Secretary of War, that you draw, if necessary, for the amount on Mr. Colin J. McRae, financial agent of the Confederate States at Paris, and deliver proceeds to Mr. Sharp. In a couple of months the department will be able to command quite a considerable quantity of leather, and it is all-important that it should secure some facilities in the way of machinery to make the same rapidly into shoes. The receipt of these appliances will also render the department in a great measure independent of detailed labor. Your experience will tell you that this will in time prove a far better investment of a portion of the means at the command of this department than even shoes or blankets, so do not let Mr. Sharp be disappointed in the receipt of the fund. S

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

P. S. - Forward the inclosed letter to Mr. McRae, with the draft, or in advance thereof.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 14, 1864.

W. D. HENNEN, Esq.:

(Care General Joseph E. Johnston.)

SIR: You will find in the Richmond papers the orders relative to the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, with the act on that subject,*

The Department desires that you will undertake the charge of commissioner for carrying into effect the act and orders under it in the department of General Longstreet. The order sufficiently express the duties you have to perform. You are also requested to afford counsel to the commander of conscripts and the enrolling officers in

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 31, p. 203.

---------------

