
cases that may arise in which the interposition of that writ may be claimed. You are authorized to detail one or more assistants from the class between forty-five and fifty, or to designate some gentlemen above that age to aid you, if the duties become too onerous for your personal attention.

Congress failed to make an appropriation to carry into effect this act, but will doubtless do so at its next meeting in May. You will keep an accurate account of the expenses, and send to this Department previously to the meeting of Congress.

A reasonable and proper compensation will be allowed to you for the duties you may be required to perform.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Peter Hamilton, mobile, Ala, appointed commissioner in department of Major-General Maury, and to J. L. M. Curry, Talladega, Ala., March 17, appointed a commissioner in the army of general Johnston. *)

[MARCH 14, 1864. - For authority to J. C. C. Blackburn and Harris H. Johnston each to enlist a company for special service on the Mississippi, see Series I, VOL. LIII, Part II, p. 638.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 33.
 Richmond, March 15, 1864.

I. The Bureau of Conscription will proceed to enroll all persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen years, and between the ages of forty-five and fifty years, under the fifth section of the act of Congress to organize forces to serve during the war.

II. Persons liable to enrollment will present themselves to the enrolling officer, in the States east of the Mississippi River, within thirty days from the day when notice shall be given in the district or county by the enrolling officer for persons of this class to appear for enrollment. The failure to comply with this notice will subject the defaulter to a liability to be called into the general service with the class of persons between eighteen and forty-five, unless he shall have a valid excuse therefor, to be judged of by the Bureau of Conscription.

III. Any person liable to enrollment under this act may join any company for local defense which has been formed under General Orders, No. 86, issued 22nd of June, 1863, for the war, or any other company for local defense which has been accepted into the service, and which, by the terms of its enlistment, is liable to serve anywhere within the State; or persons of this class may form new companies for local defense and special service, under General Orders, No. 86, 1863, for the war, and select their own officers.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*For Curry's reply, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 648.

---------------

