
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 15, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: The notice to which reference is made in your letter of the 8th instant* having been given by authority of the Navy Department, your communication was transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, who, in his response, expresses some surprise that a notice given in conformity to regulations adopted by the President, under the authority and in pursuance of an act of Congress, should cause indignation on your part. He presumes the vessel referred to is the Hansa, and adds that the nature of the interest owned by the State of North Carolina in her is not explained by you. Under the late regulations I have no authority over the subject, which rests now mainly with the Secretary of the Treasury, and any remonstrance you deem requisite should appropriately be addressed to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, March 15, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor to receive this morning your letter of the 12th instant requesting me to act as commissioner for North Carolina under the orders relative to the writ of habeas corpus. The appointment is one that I do not desire, but, nevertheless, I will accept it, desirous, as I am, as to serve the Government in any capacity that my services may be needed. I suppose that in doing so I shall be allowed to attend to some important business for a professional kind in two or three counties the coming spring terms of the superior courts in relation to which I am under prior engagements. What assistant I may need I know not. It will, of course, depend very much upon circumstances. One competent clerk or more I shall certainly need. I will keep an account of all expenses, but would suggest that some authority be given to procure stationery from the proper officer here.

Upon my return from Richmond I found a letter from Chief Justice Pearson. I send herewith an extract, from which you will see that he is disposed to raise a question as to the constitutionality of so much of the habeas corpus act as suspends the writ in cases of "attempts to avoid military service" by suing out the writ. I shall decline to send him any argument on the subject, but shall inclose him the order issued with the act. This letter of Judge P[earson] was written before the decision of his associate, battle, was made and published, refusing to issue a writ where it appeared upon the face of the petition that the party was attempting to avoid military service. It is said Judge Manly, the other judge of the supreme, has acted in the same manner, and I hope Judge Pearson will not persist in his course.

Very respectfully,

THS. BRAGG.

---------------

*See Series, I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 828.

---------------

