
Extract of Judge Pearson's letter, dated Richmond Hill (his home), March 5, 1864:

Since my return home I have issued a good many writs, but have declined to act in any case without a return from the enrolling officer. In the matter of Rosser, captain Pearson, enrolling officer, returned by filling a certificate under oath, "the party is detained by order of the Secretary of War for attempts to avoid military service. " I entered on it, "March 4, 1864. The return of the enrolling officer is so general as not to raise the question whether Congress has power to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in civil cases, or whether Congress intended to suspend the privilege of habeas corpus in civil remedies. The case awaits such motion as the party may be advised by his counsel. "

So the matte stands. I anticipate there may be motion for a rule to show cause why the return should not be so amended as to raise the question by adding that the party was arrested as a conscript, and the attempt to avoid military service is by suing out the writ. But I can't say what course will be taken. Probably the enrolling officer may make the addition so as to raise the question.

He then invites an investigation of the subject by me and requests me to send him a written argument, or that he will go again to Salisbury and hear an argument if I prefer it, &amp;c., "provided the question is presented in the return. "

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 34.
 Richmond, March 16, 1864.

I. The following act of Congress and orders are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to provide an invalid corps.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all officer, non-commissioned officers, musicians, privates and seamen, who have or shall become disabled by wounds, or other injuries received, or disease contracted in the service of the Confederate States, and in the line of duty, shall be retired or discharged from their respective positions as hereinafter provided. But the rank, pay and emoluments of such officers, and the pay and emoluments of such non-commissioned officers, musicians, privates and seamen, shall continue to the end of the war or as long as they shall continue so retired or discharged.

SEC. 2. That all persons claiming the benefits of this act, shall present themselves for examination, to one of the medical examining boards now established by law. Upon the certificate of such Board that such permanent disability exists, such persons shall be retired or discharged as aforesaid.

SEC. 3. That all persons retired or discharged as aforesaid, shall periodically, and at least once in six months, present themselves to one of said boards for further examination, under regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of War, the results of which examination shall be reported by such Board to the said Secretary. And if any such person shall fail so to report himself to such Board, whenever he shall be required so to do, he shall be dropped from said retired or discharged list, and become liable to conscription under the terms of the law, unless such failure shall be caused by physical disability.

SEC. 4. That the Secretary of War may assign such officers, and order the detail of such non-commissioned officers, musicians, privates and seamen, for such duty as they shall be qualified to perform. If any such non-commissioned officers, musicians, privates and seamen, shall be relieved from disability, they shall be restored to duty in their respective commands.

SEC. 5. That the Secretary of War shall make all needful rules and regulations for the action of the medical boards as aforesaid.

SEC. 6. That vacancies caused by the retirement of officers under this act, shall be filled as in case of the death or resignation of such officers.

SEC. 7. This act shall be in force from its passage.

Approved February 17, 1864.

II. Applications will be made by officers and soldiers who wish to be retired or discharged under this act through their commanding

