
officer for authority to appear before one of the medical examining boards now established by law. Commanding officers will indorse fully the facts connected with the alleged disability and forward the application to the general commanding, who will return it to the applicant with his approval or the reason why it is withheld. The indorsement will be the authority to the Board, which will be composed of three medical officers, for the examination of the applicant.

III. If the application be approved by the commanding general, and the Board find the soldier permanently disabled by wounds or other injuries received or disease contracted in the service, it will retire the soldier and forward to the Adjutant and Inspector General the original application and certificates; or, if the Board find a soldier totally unfit for duty in any department of service, he may, if he prefer it, be discharged upon certificates of disability, under the regulations and usage of the service, as before the enactment of the law providing an invalid corps. If the application be disapproved, the Board may, nevertheless, proceed with the examination. If they find the applicant permanently disabled from either of the causes stated in the act, they will not retire him, but forward the original application and their ce Surgeon-General for final action at this office.

IV. A corresponding course will be pursued when the applicants are officers, except that the Board will not retire, but forward the certificates, through the Surgeon-General, to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

V. If the Board examining the officer or soldier find him disabled for service in the field, but fit for duty in some department of service, the duty he can best perform will be indicated in the certificate, which will be forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

VI. Officers recommended under the act to relieve the Army of disqualified, disabled, or incompetent officers, approved October 13, 1862, to be retired because of wounds or other injuries received or disease contracted in the service, will receive, upon their written application to the Adjutant and Inspector General, authority to appear before one of the medical examining boards for retiring officers and privates under the act above recited, approved February 17, 1864.

VII. Officers or soldiers retired under the provisions of this act will present themselves once in six months to one of the boards of surgeons indicated in paragraph II of these orders for further examination, the result of which will be certified as directed in paragraph III of these orders. If prevented by physical disability from so presenting himself the cause of such failure will be established by the certificate of a surgeon of the Army, or of a citizen physician and the enrolling officer of the district in which the person may at the time be residing. As soon as the physical disability is removed the officer or soldier will appear before the Board for re-examination.

VIII. Failure to appear periodically, as provided by the preceding paragraph, will be reported by the Medical Examining Board and proper enrolling officer to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

IX. Officers retired under the act of Congress above recited are entitled to communication of quarters and fuel when assigned to duty (as provided in section 4 of said act) at a station without troops where public quarters cannot be furnished in kind. They will receive pay from any post quartermaster upon exhibiting evidence of their retirement from active service and the certificate of last payment required by paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 28, and paragraph I, General Orders, No. 126, 1863.

