
X. Soldiers retired from the service as herein provided will be furnished with descriptive lists, which, in addition to the usual history given, all exhibit the fact that they have been placed on the retired list and designate the post at which they will be entitled to receive pay and allowances. They will report to the commandant of such post - which will be nearest their places of residence - and deliver to him their descriptive lists.

XI. Post commanders are required to take possession of descriptive lists of all soldiers reporting to them and from the data therein given, at the end of every two months, to prepare muster-rolls upon which these soldiers will receive pay from the post quartermaster or assistant quartermaster. They will append to each roll a certificate that it has been made out in accordance with statements presented in descriptive lists of the soldiers on file in his office.

XII. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department will issue necessary clothing to retired soldiers upon requisitions made by the commandants of the posts at which they are stationed, taking their receipts upon receipt rolls, Form No. 53, Regulations for the Quartermaster's Department.

XIII. Retired soldiers will have their rations commuted at $1. 25 per day, to be paid by the commissary at the post designated, under the orders of the commanding officer.

XIV. When the soldier shall be returned to his command, his disability for field service having been removed, the post commander will note upon his descriptive list the dates to which payment may have been made him on account of pay and rations commuted and the articles of clothing issued, and return it to him to be delivered to his company commander, or, if he belongs to the non-commissioned staff, to the adjutant of his regiment or battalion.

XV. The following forms will be observed:

ARMY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

Medical certificate to retire invalid officer.

(Under act of Congress approved February 17, 1864.)

--- ---, of the --- Regiment, --- Brigade, having appeared before the Board for examination, we do hereby certify-

(Here state whether the officer is permanently disabled and cannot perform duty in any branch of the military service, with a full description, of the wound, injury, or disease, and the disabling effects, and that it was received or contracted in the service of the Confederate States in the line of duty. If it is re-examination made periodically, state such fact. It the invalid, being disabled for service in the field, is fit for other service, recommend him accordingly. Should an invalid retired overcome the disability, recommend him for such duty as he can perform.)

--- ---, Surgeon P. A., c. S.,

--- ---, Surgeon P. A., c. S.,

--- ---, Surgeon P. A., c. S.,

Medical Examining Board.

(Place.) Examining Board.

(Date.)

(Duplicates.)

ARMY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

Certificate of disability for retiring of invalid soldiers.

(Under act of Congress approved February 17, 1864.)

--- ---, of Captain ----'s company (---), of the ---- Regiment,

----'s brigade, enrolled or enlisted by --- ---, at ---, on the --- day

