
commandants will proceed to organize the service in their respective States. In addition to the organization therein provided for, and in further pursuance of paragraph II of the said General Orders, No. 26, commandants will forthwith organize in each county a board, to consist of not more than three of the most reliable and intelligent citizens between the ages of forty-five and fifty years, and who have been enrolled and detailed for the service. These boards will be charged with aiding the local enrolling officer in obtaining information concerning all applications for exemption and detail for agricultural or other industrial pursuits, and also in furnishing all other information which may be needed in the duties imposed upon the enrolling officers. The local and Congressional enrolling officer will be required to supervise the action of these boards, and promptly report to the commandant unfitness or delinquencies on the part of the persons detailed for them. So long as the duties are properly performed the persons so employed will be exempted from other service. Care will be used in the beginning to select proper men, and in view of the grave of the grave duties herein devolved upon the enrolling officer, he will at his discretion require the written opinion of the Board on claims for exemption or applications for detail, and may call on them for special information concerning matters pertinent to the service. In every case referred by the local or Congressional district enrolling officer to the commandants an opinion as to the merit must be indorsed or accompany the case, and the like will be rigidly observed by commandants in referring to this Bureau.

III. Commandants will order the immediate enrollment and examination of all persons within the prescribed ages who are found in the employment of any department of the Government and who are not specially exempted by the act of Congress; and such as are found fit for service in the field may be detailed until the 10th day of April next, provided an application is made according to the terms of the sixth paragraph of General Orders, No. 26, herein cited.

IV. Commandants of conscripts will forthwith transmit to this Bureau recommendations for physicians to be employed in accordance with paragraph IX, General Orders, No. 26, herein cited. Much complaint reaches this Bureau concerning irregularities xaminations. Loose or irregular examinations must not be permitted, and commandants will promptly report any well-ascertained delinquency in the matter.

V. Forms for consolidated reports by the commandants of conscripts will be forwarded; also forms for the records of the Congressional district and local enrolling officers. These records must be accurately kept and the reports based on them must be in clear and intelligible form or they will be returned for revision and correction.

VI. Persons and classes enumerated in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth articles of section 10, except those referred to in the latter clause of the fourth article of said tenth section of the act of Congress recited, shall be exempted. All other persons referred to in said act shall be detailed.

VII. Exemptions by examining boards.

1. Persons who shall be determined by the Board of Examination to be incapable of performing active service in the field and any of the duties mentioned in the eighth section of the said act of Congress from causes of a permanent nature shall be exempted from military service by the said Board, who shall grant certificates thereof, which shall specify the causes of the incapacity, reciting in full the nature

