
and degree of the disease or other incapacity and the probable duration of the disability caused by it; and the parties shall not be subject to future examination unless specially ordered by the Board of the Congressional district in which such parties reside, or by the commandant of conscripts for the State, or by this Bureau.

2. When in the opinion of enrolling officers the causes for which exemption was granted to a person, after examination by the Medical Board, have ceased to exist, they will make a report to the Board stating the name of the person, when enrolled, when examined, and the disease and other cause of disability with the reasons for believing it to have disappeared, and that the person is capable of performing active service in the field, or some of the duties mentioned in the said eighe act aforesaid. The Examining Board will then order the party to be brought before it for re-examination. When a person is re-examined by the Board his former certificate shall be surrendered and canceled. If again found unfit for duty a new certificate of exemption shall be issued to him.

3. Every certificate of exemption granted by a Board of Examination shall be approved by the Congressional district enrolling officer, which shall protect the person exempted from molestation by the officers of conscription and from re-examination unless the Board of Examination, or the commandant of conscripts, or the Bureau of Conscription shall order the same.

VIII. Exemption of specified classes and individuals.

1. Applications for exemption under the third and sixth articles of the tenth section of the act aforesaid shall be made to the enrolling officer of the county in which the applicant resides, who will thoroughly investigate the case, and if satisfied by competent evidence that exemption should be allowed, shall issue a certificate thereof, which must be submitted to the enrolling officer of the Congressional district for his approval.

2. Applications for exemptions under the fifth article of the tenth section of the act aforesaid shall be made to the commandant of conscripts for the State, who will grant the certificate of exemption authorized by law, to continue during compliance with the conditions prescribed by said act. Exemption, except for the president, treasurer, auditor, and superintendent, shall not be allowed to any officers and employees of a railroad company, unless the president or superintendent shall certify on oath that the parties applied for are indispensable to the efficient operation of such railroad; that the persons exempted on said railroad shall not exceed one for each mile thereof in actual use for military transportation; that the exempts for such road shall be reported by name and description once a month to the commandant of conscripts for the State through which such road passes (or to the Bureau of Conscription), together with the names and descriptive list of any one who may leave the employment of the railroad company, or who may cease to be indispensable to the efficient operation of the said road.

3. The exemption of overseers or agriculturists on each farm or plantation upon which there are now, and were on the 1st day of January last, fifteen able-bodied hands between the ages of sixteen and fifty, will be allowed for the space of twelve months, and the certificate of exemption shall be granted by the officer taking the bond required by law, upon being informed by the commandant for that State that the bond is approved.

