
4. The bond required to be given upon the exemption of an over seer or agriculturist, under the fourth article of section 10 of the said act, shall be taken by the enrolling officer of the county or district in which such party resides, with the advice and assistance of the temporary Board aforesaid. It shall be payable to the Confederate States of America, in a penalty double the estimated value of the products to be delivered to the Government and conditioned for the faithful performance of the requirements of the fourth article of the tent section of the said act. The value of the said products shall be assessed by the enrolling officer, who shall take the said bond, with the assistance of the said temporary Board, according to the market value thereof at the time and place of assessment. The said bond may be secured by a deposit of the amount of the penalty thereof in notes issued from the Treasury Department of the Confederate States, with any of the depositaries of the said Treasury, or by personal security, the nature of the security to be at the option of the principal obligor in the said bond. Should the person so exempted elect to give personal security, the sureties tendered by him shall justify their sufficiency under oath before some justice of the peace, but shall not be accepted unless the enrolling officer taking the said bond, under the advice of that said temporary Board, shall deem them sufficient. Such bonds shall, after due execution, be transmitted to the commandant of conscripts for the State for file in his office, to be surrendered to the obligors when the conditions thereof are fully complied with; and the receipt of any quartermaster ecifying that the amount of produce required by the bond has been duly delivered and accepted will entitle the person to have the bond canceled; and copied of such receipts should be forwarded to the commandant of conscripts, to be by him forwarded to the Quartermaster-General or the Commissary-General, through this Bureau.

IX. Exemption on account of religious faith.

Persons entitled to exemption as provided for in paragraph XII, General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office current series, will on application receive certificates thereof from the Congressional district enrolling officer, on producing satisfactory evidence that they have complied with the requirements of the law.

X. Exemption of officers of Confederate and State governments.

Certificates of exemption for officers of the Confederate and State governments will be given by the commandants for the States.

XI. Investigation of applications for exemption.

1. All other applications for exemption shall be made in writing to the enrolling officer of the county or district in which the applicant resides; shall be supported by his affidavit and other sworn testimony, and dealt with according to the provisions of paragraph III, of General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series.

2. Every application for exemption should be carefully, minutely, and thoroughly investigated by the local enrolling officer, with the aid of the temporary Board to be organized under the second clause of paragraph II of this circular, and be thereafter transmitted to the commandants of conscripts for the State, with a report of facts and their respective opinions on the merits of the application. The report of facts developed in the investigation, giving briefly the reasons for the opinion expressed, and instead of being put in the form of an indorsement, will be made on a separate sheet of paper. The investigation

