
should not be confined to an examination of the application and the papers that accompany it or, merely into the truth of the statements therein made, but should be directed with a view of ascertaining all the facts and circumstances of the case, and the exact condition of the parties with relation thereto.

XII. Details.

Agricultural details: 1. The officers of conscription will give the most careful attention to the provisions of paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, in connection with the last clause of the fourth article of the tenth section of the act of Congress cited. This paragraph embraces the whole system of details provided by law to maintain the industrial production of the country, in view of the public defense.

2. The investigation of every case presented must be the most precise and accurate which can be attained by the enrolling officer (with the co-operation of the temporary boards), and all action must be in direct view of the necessities indicated. Commandants will institute such modes of inquiry and report as will furnish the fullest testimony. The policy of the law is to enforce the largest amount of production in every case in which the detail is made. The schedule of terms hereto appended will, it is believed, meet a majority of the cases that are likely to be presented. Where it is doubtful whether the case is covered by the classification, commandants will in general decide by reference to the plain intent of the law, or refer the matter to this Bureau, with full testimony and opinion. In all details there must be satisfactory evidence of the necessity, as expressed in General Orders, No. 26, current series.

Schedule of terms: 3. Where there are two or more farms contiguous, or within five miles of each other, measuring from the homesteads, having on each five or more hands, amounting in the aggregate to fifteen hands, or where one person has two or more plantations within five miles of each other, having an aggregate of fifteen or more hands, there may be detailed one person as overseer or manager of the two or more farms; provided there is on neither of the farms a white made adult, declared by the enrolling officer and the temporary Board capable of managing the farms with a reasonable efficiency, not liable to military duty; and provided the person detailed was on the 1st day of January, 1864, either owner manager or overseer residing on one of the farms; and provided the owners of said farms shall execute a joint and several bond, on the terms prescribed for the owners of fifteen hands, except that such persons shall not be allowed the privilege of commutation provided in the fourth article of the tenth section of the act recited.

4. Where details are allowed to persons having less than fifteen, and five or more than five, hands, they shall enter into like obligation as prescribed for the owners of fifteen or mt that for each hand less than fifteen down to five there shall be supplied five pounds less meat, thus: Each of fourteen hands, 95; thirteen hands, 90; twelve hands, 85; * * * six hands, 55; five hands, 50 pounds.

5. Where details are allowed to persons having less than five hands, they shall enter into like obligations to sell all their surplus productions to the Government.

6. All details herein prescribed to be allowed are subject to revocation by the commandant of conscripts, on the report of the enrolling officer that the person detailed is not habitually, industriously, and in good faith engaged in the occupation for which the detail is granted.

