
Enrolling officers are required to be unusually vigilant in supervising such details. Omission in this duty will constitute grave dereliction.

7. Enrolling officer are required to exercise the utmost caution in recommending details in the classes enumerated. It is by no means intended to grant them indiscriminately, but to limit them as much as is consistent with the public good. All pertinent circumstances will be carefully inquired into. Among these are fitness for the field; ability or aptitude for the purposes of the detail; condition of the family; whether any or how many are in the military service; public good, justice, equity or necessity, &amp;c.

XIII. Details for public necessity.

Applications for details such as are not required for the service in any of the military bureaus, or for service in any of the departments of the Government, including service with contractors, will be made, accompanied by a descriptive list, to the enrolling officer of the appropriate county or district, and be supported by the affidavit of the applicant and other testimony under oath. The district enrolling officer will institute a minute and searching investigation into the circumstances of the case, the result of which will be set forth on a separate sheet of paper. The dg officer may, if he approves the application, grant a detail for sixty days and forward the papers through the commandant to the Bureau for its action. If the application is refused, the reasons in full will be indorsed, and in case of appeal, the papers forwarded to this Bureau through the same channels. If the persons for whose detail application is made are engaged in performing the duties on account of which details are asked they will be allowed to remain until final action. If otherwise, they should be sent to camps of instruction.

XIV. Details for persons between forty-five and fifty for Government work.

Applications for the detail of persons between forty-five and fifty years of age for service in any of the military bureaus or in any of the departments of the Government will be made, accompanied by a descriptive list, to the local or district enrolling officer; and it must set forth the nature of the duties to be performed, the necessity for the detail, and the period for which it is required. The district enrolling officer, after investigation made and reported as directed in preceding paragraph, may, if he approve the application, grant a detail for a period not exceeding sixty days, and forward the papers to the commandant for his action. An appeal from the action of the enrolling officers and the commandant may be taken to this Bureau.

XV. Details of artisans, mechanics, &c.

1. Applications for the detail for service in any of the military bureaus or for any of the departments of the Government (including contractors) of artisans, mechanics, or persons of scientific skill, to perform indispensable duties, should be made, with descriptive lists, to the enrolling officer. The skill of the party, the duties to be performed, and why his services are indispensable, and the period for which the detail is required, must be distinctly set forth. Applications for the employees of contractors must in addition contain a certificate from the officer contracted with, or the head of the department that the services of the particular parties are required for the performance of indispensable Government work. The district enrolling officer may grant detail for sixty days and forward the papers through the commandant (each expressing his opinion) to this Bureau for its action. If the application is refused, reasons in full will be indorsed,

