
and in case of appeal, papers forwarded to this Bureau. If the parties applied for are at work they will be allowed to remain until action is taken; if otherwise, they should be sent to the camps of instruction. Applications for the detail of contes must also contain the certificate of the head of the Bureau, required by the eleventh section of the act.

XVI. All other applications for exemption or detail not otherwise provided will be made to the enrolling officer and forwarded through the proper channels.

XVII. Great care should be exercised in exempting or detailing able-bodied men between eighteen and forty-five. No case should be acted on until after minute and thorough investigation as to the alleged private or public necessity, advantage, convenience, justice, or equity, and as to whether persons not liable to service in the field may not be obtained.

XVII. Reports.

1. Examining boards, in addition to the lists directed in paragraph VIII, General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, will furnish district enrolling officers with lists of men in their districts found fit for military service but unfit for service in the field, specifying in each case what duties they are capable of performing. Congressional district officers to furnish similar lists to county enrolling officers, the object being to enable persons needing detailed men to see who are the subjects of detail, and to choose from them.

2. Enrolling officers will forwarded to the commandant of conscripts monthly a report of all persons enrolled by them and the action taken in each case. These reports will be consolidated by the commandant, with reference to the distinctions made in the act of Congress, and the regulations for its enforcement, in duplicate, one copy of which will be forwarded to this Bureau, and one kept on file in the office of the commandant.

XIX. Enrollment of reserve classes.

1. Commandants of conscripts will proceed to enroll all persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years, in execution of General Orders, No. 33, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, which is herewith made a part of this circular. *

2. Commandants will keep a separate and distinct roll of persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty.

3. Commandants of conscripts will assign to duty, as a supporting force for conscription service, such persons as may be recommended by the examining boards as unfit for the field, but as competent for this service; and when as many as sixty-four such persons are so assigned, they will be organized into a company, elect their officers, and return the muster-rolls to the commandants; and if there be not a sufficient number to form a company in each Congressional district, then the commandant may assign a sufficient number of persons between forty-five and fifty years of age, so as to complete a company for each Congressional district. A competent officer of the rank of colonel will be assigned by this Bureau to organize such companies into a regiment, if there be the requisite number of companies; or into a battalion, if there be less than ten companies; or into two battalions, if deemed preferable.

---------------

*Here omitted, but see p. 212.

---------------

