
XX. General instructions.

1. Commandants will always bear in mind that General Orders, No. 26, is not only the basis, but forms a large portion of these instructions. They will habitually recur to its provisions to aid in the application of other provisions of this circular.

2. Commandants will of course refer cases of difficulty to this Bureau; but references which bear on their face that they are rather to avoid due responsibility or labor will be retained without remarks.

3. The duty of the commandants of conscripts is, in accordance with these instructions, to maintain and invigorate the industrial production of the Confederacy and supply its armies with men. This duty must be performed or our struggle for independence and liberty will fail.

By order of Colonel J. S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, March 18, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Governor Watts, of Alabama, in his letter to the President, dated 8th of March,* and handed by you to me, states that there have been many companies raised in Alabama for conscript service and the arrest of absentees, and that these companies have in general done little good and frequently much harm, to the service. These companies were raised by Brigadier-General Pillow when assigned to conscription service by General Johnston. The evils complained of were manifest on the transfer of the conscription service in Alabama to this Bureau, and instant steps were taken to ascertain the condition of the companies, by what authority raised and assigned, the material of which they were composed, and all other matter necessary to a proper disposition of them.

It involved a slow, difficult, and delicate inspection. Most of the companies were mustered for the war, contained many conscripts liable to general service, and were of such character that if suddenly disbanded the men might be entirely lost. If the conscripts were withdrawn, they would disband, and if ordered to the field the conscripts service would be utterly without support. The investigation is progressing, and in the meantime all that can be spared from conscript service have been ordered to report either to General Polk or to officers authorized by the War Department to raise and organize forces. The process is now at work under the orders of an efficient commandant of conscripts, and it is hoped that all, or nearly all, the companies will soon be placed in the field except one for each Congressional district reserved for conscript service.

I still believe that the very worst agency to have control of conscription, except that of generals commanding, is the local civil or military authorities. Wherever it has been tried it has proved a disastrous failure, and such would be the result of Governor Watts' plan. If the State authorities or generals commanding would actively and cordially co-operate with the conscript authorities instead of endeavoring to control or oppose them good might result.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

