
During my six months in this Bureau there has never been one man sent to the field by State authority. Thousands have been kept from the field by the action of that authority. the collisions between the State and conscript authorities have been universally caused by the effort of the States to keep or taken men from the conscript officers.

The same experience indicates that no general commanding a department or district having control of conscription has sent one conscript out of his department. I am not informed that fifty conscripts have been sent from Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, or Tennessee to the Army of Virginia while General Pillow, under General Johnston, had control of conscription in those States.

The difficulties, delays, and irregularities of conscription do not result from the difficulty in finding men, but the impossibility of getting those men out of the hands of recruiting officers under generals commanding, of Governors, judges, and demagoging politicians. These are the real impediments to the success of this Bureau. From one end of the Confederacy, to the other very constituted authority, every officer, every man and woman is engaged in opposing the enrolling officer in the execution of his duties. It is their efforts to meet and overcome these obstacles which causes the outcry against these officers and suggests these crude plans for the service to which they are assigned.

With the present onerous, responsible, and important functions charged upon the conscription authorities, it may be worthy of consideration whether the duty of arresting absentees may not be confided to other agencies; but for conscription merely you cannot devise a better system than the one now in operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Colonel and Superintendent.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 18, 1864.

Hon. EUGENIUS A. NISBET,

Macon, Ga.:

SIR: Iopy the of the act of Congress for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, and the orders of this Department for the execution of the writ. * The second section of the act requires the selection of proper officers for the investigation of the cases of all persons who may be arrested or detained, and for the discharge of such as are improperly detained. The Department has selected you for the oversight and direction of the whole subject in the State of Georgia, except the cases immediately arising in the army of General Joseph E. Johnston. A person has been selected to attend to that army.

You will be authorized to detail from the men between forty-five and fifty years such assistants as you may require. The duties to be performed will sufficiently appear from the act itself and from the orders already issued. A copy of this letter will be sent to the various military commanders, and you will be entitled to transportation upon application to the quartermaster.

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 31, p. 203.

---------------

15 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

