
A bill was also reported making a State subscription to a joint-stock locomotive factory and rolling-mill. It was regarded favorably, but not reached. The remedies proposed are:

First. The military possession of the roads so far as to insure through freights and close connections.

Second. The organization of locomotive factories with a detail of skilled workmen, and the importation or manufacture of boiler plates, tubular boilers, chilled wheels, chilled tire, &amp;c., the manufacture of freight-cars, the erection of rolling-mills, whenever necessary for the repair of extensive lines of roads. I am aware this plan involves labor and responsibility, but it is submitted in the belief that it will effect much to facilitate the military operations and the internal commerce of the country. It will indirectly operate upon the currency, for if the supplies continue irregular or deficient the Government will be driven to a reissue of currency. You will please excuse this communication, dictated by an interest in the public welfare.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. M. BURWELL.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 28, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

These suggestions are worthy of attentive consideration.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-Colonel Sims.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

W. F. ALEXANDER,

Major and Assistant to the Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, whose attention is invited to the inclosed report of Lieutenant-Colonel Sims.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

C. S. QUARTERMASTER'S DEPT., RAILROAD, April 1, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to return herewith a communication from Hon. W. M. Burwell, and submit for your consideration the following reply:

First. It is well known to all who have investigated the matter that everything possible has been done to complete the Danville connection, and but for the difficulty in getting rails it would have been further toward completion. The connection from Columbia to Augusta is one of extreme importance and should be fostered in every

