
commanding the department embracing the States in which they are enrolled. Receipts will be taken upon their delivery.

III. Applications for exemptions in this class of persons may be finally disposed of by the commandant of conscripts without reference to this Bureau. He should require them to be forwarded to him in accordance with the instructions of Circular No. 8, current series.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

T. GOLDTHWAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 19, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The letter of Brigadier-General Greer of the 7th of December last* with your indorsement of the 18th of January has been received.

This Department has experienced much embarrassment from the eccentric decisions of inferior judges who have had the power to issue writs of habeas corpus, and can appreciate the difficulties that General Greer has had to encounter on that subject. His opinion as to the liability of deputy clerks and deputy marshals is concurred in, and the late act of Congress to organize forces for the war will enable him to apply a corrective to some of the evils he complains of. A copy of that act with the orders and regulations will be sent to you with this letter. The act embraces two distinct subjects - the organization of the existing Army and the recruiting of its ranks by conscription of the existing Army and the recruiting of its ranks by conscription. The act continues in service all men between eighteen and forty-five now belonging to the Army till the end of the war. You will observe that it does not abridge the term of service of those who belong to the Army. It does not provide for the discharge of any until their legal term of service has expired. Persons over forty-five will serve for the term, whatever it may be. The act also provides for the transfer of certain companies and men to other organizations, but the mass are continued in their existing organizations.

Congress, before the passage of this act, had adopted a special act repealing the exemption of principals who had put in substitutes and who had no other cause of exemption. By the act of Congress of the 17th of February they repealed all existing exemptions and provided that all men between seventeen and fifty years of age should be placed in service under the limitations and exceptions in that act. General Orders, No. 26, contains the act and the regulations of the Department for its execution. Besides these acts the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription has made in the form of instructions more detailed arrangements for their complete enforcement. These orders and regulations will accompany this letter. By the act of Congress of the 27th of September, 1862, the disposition to be made of conscripts is declared. They were to be appropriated, first, to the filling up of the regiments in existence prior to the 16th of April, 1862, and then to the completion of the regiments formed between that date and the 1st of October, 1862. No new companies were contemplated to be made from men liable to conscription, except in those districts

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. XXVI, Part II, p. 493.

---------------

