
in which the conscription act could not be enforced, and no other agencies were to be employed except those of the conscription service. General Orders, No. 82, series of 1862, were framed with this object. This Department had deviated from this plan under a supposed necessity in some instances, but experience has convinced it that a strict adherence to the law and the regulations would have been productive of greater benefit to the service. It now discards all plans for recruiting outside of those regular agencies, and refuses authorities to raise companies except under very special circumstances, and those are limited to the country occupied by the enemy.

The act of Congress before mentioned, as you will perceive, greatly diminishes the classes of persons entitled to detail for special service. The act, the orders, and the instructions of the Bureau of Conscription will place you in possession of the general views of this Department relative to the manner of performing these functions. They involve considerations of the gravest import and in intrusting the discharge of similar functions to you the Department is fully aware of the magnitude and difficulty of the trust. The general principles it has adopted it recommends to you - that you cause the Bureau of Conscription to be organized with care and managed with efficiency; that the principal aim should be to recruit the existing organizations and to decline the issuing of any special authorities or the creation of independent agencies. It is proper that the regiments of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas on the east of the Mississippi River should be recruited, and that new regiments should not be formed until this be done. The service of the Army proper should as far as practicable be performed by men fit for duty in the field, and the Bureau and civil service should be supplied by the persons designated in the eights section of the act. Reserve forces should be organized and made as efficient as the circumstances of the country will warrant, and care should be employed and discrimination exercised to provide sufficiently for the maintenance of the industrial operations of the country. A broad, statesmanlike administration is necessary for the fulfillment of the duties imposed by this act.

General Orders, No. 31, contains the act for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. The bill itself imposes upon you the duty of its execution in your department. You will find in the orders what the Department has done for its execution in the Cis-Mississippi Department. Commissioners of the highest character and professional ability have been selected for the performance of the duties charged upon them, and they have been authorized to detail from the class between forty-five and fifty adequate assistance. Congress failed to make an appropriation to carry into execution this act, but that omission will probably be supplies in May next. The compensation of the commissioners has not been settled, but the Department will be disposed to fix it upon a liberal footing. The country is naturally jealous of any suspension of this writ, and the Department has been anxious to impress upon its administration under it the evidence of professional ability, sound discretion, and personal honor, so as to avoid any appearance of evil. The most ordinary case in which the act will be required is that in which persons seek to avoid military service, and you attention is directed to that section as affording a cure for some of the evils of which Brigadier-General Greer complains. Another important branch of your duties will arise under the act imposing regulations upon the foreign trade, with the view to obtain foreign supplies. The scheme of this act is to prohibit the

