
exportation of cotton, tobacco, rice, sugar, molasses, and military and naval stores, except under the regulations of the President. A prohibition is laid upon the import of many articles of luxury. The regulations framed by the President were designed to secure the application of all these articles mentioned in the act of Congress to the accumulation of supplies for the Army and necessaries for the people. Congress also passed a bill to create two bureaus, one for either side of the Mississippi River, for the carrying into effect this act, but owing to some inattention or inadvertence it failed to be signed by the officers of the two branches of Congress, and was not carried to the President. It did not therefore become a law. There will be required in your department some special agency for the purchase, transportation, export, sale, and investment of the proceeds of the articles belonging to the Government, and for the oversight of the transactions of individuals under the act of Congress and regulations. The bill which failed to become a law, under the circumstances before mentioned, provided such an agency to be subject to your control, and in the absence of adequate agencies of administration in the Treasury Department in that district, and in consequence of the absorption by the military department of so much of the active business population and the machinery of government, it is not perceived how the act an be efficiently executed otherwise than by the establishment of a similar agency to that provided. The regulations that have been adopted furnish an outline of the method of proceeding under the act. It will be necessary for you to fill up that outline by practical measures to give efficiency to the systee regulations both for the sea and the land will be sent to you. I recommend that the officers employed in this business be required to give bonds, and that they be selected with discrimination, so as to secure men who will not abuse their positions to promote any personal or individual object. The country required that all its resources be husbanded with solicitude and that none should be expended except to promote the public good. At the same time a liberal consideration of the convenience and comfort of the people at large is proper, so as to obtain their cordial co-operation and support.

Congress revised its act concerning impressments and provided for the employment of free negroes and slaves in certain branches of the public service. It may be that your circumstances will require the employment of slaves in the operations of your department. The act provides that 20,000 slaves may be impressed, provided that free negroes cannot be obtained, and slave labor cannot be contracted for. The Department has directed the enrollment of free negroes and will probably impress some 10,000 or 15,000 slaves in the various departments on this side of the Mississippi River. The same power is extended to your department. You are at liberty to call into service, if they are needed, 6,000 slaves to perform the duties that the act of Congress contemplates. We have determined here to employ the Bureau of Conscription to obtain them as the most diffused of the agencies under out control. In the General Orders, No. 138, of 1863, you will find some leading directions as to the methods of proceeding, but some of the details of these orders have been modified by General Orders, No. 32, of the present series, especially those in reference to the compensation to be paid to the overseers.

Finally, I will call your attention to the act and orders for the establishment of the invalid corps - General Orders, No. 34. The persons retired under these orders should obtain their orders from the

