
headquarters, and the roll of officers and men should be preserved there. No person should be permitted to have the benefit of that act except under the order of the department commanders. Much confusion and fraud have been the consequence of allowing to subordinate officers to determine finally upon the condition of officers and men in service.

The delicacy and difficulty of the duties cast on you by these various laws and orders are sensibly felt, but full confidence is placed in your discretion, zeal, and ability for their faithful discharge.

I have the honor to remain, general, very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Resolutions introduced by Hon. Linton Stephens.)

RESOLUTIONS on the suspension of the habeas corpus.

The General Assembly of the State of Georgia do resolve, 1st. That under the Constitution of the Confederate there is no power to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, but in a manner and to an extent regulated and limited by the express, emphatic, and unqualified constitutional prohibitions, that "No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law," and that "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the places to be searched and the persons or things to be seized. " And this conclusion results from the two following reasons: First, Because the power to suspend the writ is derived, not from express delegation, but only from implication, which must always yield to express conflicting and restricting words. Second. Because this power, being found nowhere in the Constitution but in words which are copied from the original Constitution of the United States, as adopted in 1787, must yield in all points of conflict to the subsequent789, which are also copied into our present Constitution and which contain the prohibitions above quoted and were adopted with the declared purpose of adding further declaratory and restrictive clauses.

2d. That "due process of law" for seizing the persons of the people, as defined by the Constitution itself, is a warrant issued upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the persons to be seized; and the issuing of such warrants being the exertion of a judicial power is, if done by any branch of the Government except the judiciary, a plain violation of that provision of the Constitution which vests the judicial power in the courts alone; and therefore all seizures of the persons of the people by any officer of the Confederate Government without warrant, and all warrants for that purpose from any but a judicial source, are, in the judgement of this General Assembly, unreasonable and unconstitutional.

3d. That the recent act of Congress to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in cases of arrests ordered by the President, Secretary of War, or general officer commanding the Trans-Mississippi Military Department, is an attempt to sustain the military authority in the exercise of the constitutional judicial function of issuing warrants, and to give validity to unconstitutional seizures of the persons of the people; and as the said act by its express terms confines its operation to the upholding of this class of unconstitutional seizures,

