
the whole suspension attempted to be authorized by it and the whole act itself, in the judgment of this General Assembly, are unconstitutional.

4th. That in the judgment of this General Assembly the said act is a dangerous assault upon the constitutional power of the courts and upon the liberty of the people, and beyond the power of any possible necessity to justify it; and while our Senator and Representatives in Congress are earnestly urged to take the first possible opportunity to have it repealed, we refer the question of its validity to the courts, with the hope that the people and the military authorities will abide by the decision.

5th. That as constitutional liberty is the sole object with our people and our noble Army have in our present terrible struggle with the Government of Mr. Lincoln, so also is a faithful adherence to it on the part of our own Government, through good fortune in arms and through bad, one of the great elements of our strength and final success; because the constant contrast of constitutional government on our part with the usurpations and tyrannies which characterize the Government of our enemy, under the ever recurring and ever false plea of the necessities of war, will have the double effect of animating our people with an unconquerable zeal and of inspiring the people of the North more and more with a desire and determination to put an end to a contest which is waged by their Government openly against our liberty and as truly, but more covertly, against their own.

THOS. HARDEMAN, Jr.,

Speaker House Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clentatives.

PETER CONE,

President of Senate pro tem.

L. H. KENAN,

Secretary of Senate.

Approved March 19, 1864.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

(Introduced by Honorable Linton Stephens.)

RESOLUTIONS declaring the ground on which the Confederate Stats stand in this war, and the terms on which peace ought to be offered to the enemy.

The General Assembly of the State of Georgia do resolve, 1st. That to secure the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, "governments were instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its foundations on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form as shall seem to them most likely to effect their safety and happiness. "

2d. That the best possible commentary upon this grand text of our fathers of 1776 is their accompanying action, which it was put forth to justify, and that action was the immortal declaration that the former political connection between the Colonies and the state of Great Britain was dissolved and the thirteen Colonies were, and of right ought to be, not one independent State, but thirteen independent States, each of them being such a "people" as had the right, whenever

