
and his mocking scheme of securing a republication form of government to sovereign States by putting nine-tenths of the people under the dominion of one-tenth, who may be abject enough to sear allegiance to his usurpation, thus betraying his design to subvert true constitutional republication in the North as well as the South.

6th. That while we regard the present war between these Confederate States and the United States as a huge crime, whose beginning and continuance are justly chargeable to the Government of our enemy, yet we do not hesitate to affirm that, if our own Government and the people of both Governments would avoid all participation in the guilt of its continuance, it becomes all of them, on all proper occasions and in all proper ways - the people acting through their State organization and popular assemblies, and our Government through its appropriate departments - to use their earnest efforts to put an end to this unnatural, unchristian, and savage work of carnage and havoc. And to this and we earnestly recommend that our Government, immediately after signal successes of our arms and on other occasions when none can impute its action to alarm instead of a sincere desire for peace, shall make to the Government of our enemy an official offer of peace on the basis of the great principle declared by our common father in 1776, accompanied by the distinct expression of a willingness on our part to follow that principle to its true logical consequences by agreeing that any Border State whose preference for our association may be doubted (doubts having been expressed as to the wishes of the Border States) shall settle the question for herself by a convention to be elected for that purpose after the withdrawal of all military forces of both sides from heir limits.

7th. That we believe this course on the part of our Government would constantly weaken and sooner or later break down the war power of our enemy by showing to his people the justice of our cause, our willingness to make peace on the principles of 1776, and the shoulders on which rests the responsibility for the continuance of the unnatural strife; that it would be hailed by our people and citizen soldiery, who are bearing the brunt of the war, as an assurance that peace will not be unnecessarily delayed nor their sufferings unnecessarily prolonged, and that it would be regretted by nobody on either side except men whose importance or whose gains would be diminished by peace and men whose ambitious designs would need cover under the ever recruiting plea of the necessities of war.

8th. That while the foregoing is an expression of the sentiments of this General Assembly respecting the manner in which peace should be sought, we renew our pledges of the resources and power of this State to the prosecution of the war, defensive on our part, until peace is obtained upon just and Honorable terms and unence and nationality of the Confederate States is established upon a permanent and enduring basis.

THOS. HARDEMAN, Jr.,

Speaker House Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk House Representatives.

PETER CONE,

President of Senate pro tem.

L. H. KENAN,

Secretary of Senate.

Approved March 19, 1864.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

