
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 19, 1864.

Hon. THOMAS BRAGG,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your acceptance of the office of commissioner under the law suspending the writ of habeas corpus os gratefully appreciated by the Department. It was not presumed the position was desirable, but I was not mistaken in relying on your patriotic zeal to accept it. It is importance that the duty should be fulfilled by a citizen of your State enjoying the confidence and influence you so justly command. There will be no incompatibility whatever in your attention to the private or professional matters, to which you refer. You can employ the clerks you require to aid you, and the quartermaster at Raleigh will be instructed to furnish the stationery, &amp;c., you may need. Judge Pearson is still, I fear, bent on mischief. It will be hard, however, for him to prevent by construction the plain terms of the law, or to stem alone the changing current of public sentiment and the adverse opinions of his brethren on the bench. He will probably find discretion the better policy, and for a time at least, and, I trust, permanently, cloak his factious purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 36.
 Richmond, March 21, 1864.

I. Special attention is directed to the Ninetieth Article of War, and paragraph 877, Army Regulations, requiring the proceedings of general courts-martial, and orders respecting the sentences of such courts, to be transmitted with as much expedition as practicable to the War Department. The observance of these rules, especially capital cases and trials affecting the commissions of officers, also of paragraph 871 of the regulations, prescribing the manner of making up and securing the court record, is enjoined upon all concerned.

II. Every court-martial record, which should be kept distinct and separate in each case, must be indorsed with the name, rank, or description of the party, and the court by which he was tried, to which should be added the action of the reviewing officer, confirming or disapproving the sentence, duly attested by his signature.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 10.
 Richmond, March 21, 1864.

Beyond the Confederate lines and within the lines of the enemy are many liable to enrollment and military service. You will endeavor to enroll and bring into service all such persons as are within the ages of eighteen and forty-five. Those above forty-five should not be enrolled, the purpose being to leave them at home, where their services are needed, and not to subject them to the risks of becoming prisoners of war.

In the immediate neighborhood and in rear of the Confederate Army, where the lines are liable to fluctuation, a careful discretion

