
may be exercised in extending this exemption to persons of the latter class.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

THOS. GOLDTHWAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 21, 1864.

Mr. Joseph W. Tucker is hereby authorized to engage two assistants for special service against the enemy. Their operations to be governed by the rules and regulations, to be subject to the restrictions imposed by, and this authority to be revocable at the pleasure of this Department.

The compensation for service to consist of a percentage on the amount of the enemy's property destroyed, to be awarded by an officer or officers charged with that duty by this Department, in no case to exceed 50 per centum.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary ow War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 21, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Among the acts passed by the last Congress there is one to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States, to provide for the public defense, to which your attention is directed. The President has caused to be published the regulations for the trade by sea and overland to Mexico. The act prohibits the export of cotton, tobacco, naval and military stores, sugar, molasses, and rice, except under the regulations of the President for the Confederate States.

The second section of the act provides that any of the said articles that are laden for exportation beyond the Confederate States, or to any portion of them occupied by the enemy, shall be forfeited, together with the slaves and animals that may be employed or collected for the purpose of aiding therein.

The third section prohibits the landing of such articles, except under a permission and the giving of a bond by the exporter to convey them to their destination.

The fourth section authorizes the collector of the port or district, or such other officer be designated by the President, to take into their custody any of the articles before mentioned when there is reason to believe they were intended for exportation, or, when in wagons, carts, or other vehicles, they are apparently on their way toward the territories of a foreign nation, or toward the territory of the Confederate States in the occupation of the United States, or in the vicinity thereof, or toward a place whence such articles are intended to be exported, until bond be given, with sureties, that no violation of the act of the regulations is designed. The object of the act was to place the commerce in these articles entirely under the control of the Government, that it might secure necessary supplies. There may be an occasion presented of securing supplies that arnecessary for the Army. When these supplies can be secured

