
owned by the Medical Department and is engaged in the manufacture of whisky and alcohol the sole use of suck and wounded of the Army. The distillery was purchased by this Department for the purpose of dispensing with the system of contracting for alcoholic stimulants, as it has been found that a large quantity of whisky manufactured by contractors is of an inferior quality and their contracts were not it other respects faithfully carried out. It is also believed that a large quantity of whisky made by contractors has been sold to private parties when it should have been delivered to the Government, thereby consuming more grain than war required to fill their contracts. Major Badham has been instructed to turn over grain to the medical purveyor in charge of the Government distillery at Salisbury in order to obviate the necessity of the department going into market to purchase, which would enhance the price paid for grain by the Quartermaster's Department, and the 30,000 bushels referred to in the within communication is for a whole year's supply for the distillery. There is no distillery at Charlotte belonging to this department, nor am I aware that there is one there. The Attorney-General has decided that the Confederate Government has the express power "to supplies any means may be used which are necessary and proper to obtain supplies for that support. Therefore a State has no power to interfere with the Confederate Government in the manufacture or even contracting for such supplies. In conclusion, I would state that it is absolutely necessary for the comfort and welfare of the sick and wounded of our Army that the Government, distillery at Salisbury should not be interfered with or the supply of grain cut off.

I may add to the above that on inquiry I learn that a greater coolness of temperature than for many months of the year prevails in the Southern States when corn os more abundant is essential to the ready and proper distillation of spirits, and that this circumstance prevented the easy solution of the difficulties presented by your remonstrance which I should have sought in the removal of the Government laboratory.

I trust your objection will, under the circumstances, be withdrawn.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[JANUARY 12, 1864. -For Murrah to Magruder, with reference to the status of Texas State troops, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 926.]

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 1. Richmond, January 13, 1864.

I. The attention of commandants of conscripts is specially called to General Orders, Numbers 3, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, 1864, herewith printed. * By these general orders the acceptance of substitutes into the Army is forbidden, and all persons who have heretofore been exempted from military service by reason of having furnished substitutes are rendered liable to such service.

II. Commandants will forthwith proceed with the enrollment of all persons who have been exempted by reason of having furnished substitutes. A district roll will be kept of the persons thus enrolled, containing the name of the substitute, the date of the substitution, the company and regiment in which the substitutions was made, and, as far as practicable, whether the substitute is still in service; and if not whether lost by desertion, discharge, or casualty. This roll will be forwarded with monthly reports.

III. Principals of substitutes are subject to the same regulations prescribed for other persons liable to military service; but the fact

---------------

* See p. 11.

---------------

