
by the exportation of these articles by land into the country occupied by the enemy the Department supposes that it would be prudent and lawful to do so; but great circumstances is necessary for the execution of any plan of the kind, and all such traffic must be subject to the inspection and control of the department commanders, and should be under the supervision of trustworthy officers, who would under no circumstances abuse if for any personal advantage or to promote speculations by their friends and connections.

In all cases sureties should be taken for the fulfillment of the contracts, and the delivery of the supplies should be a condition precedent to the allowance of the permission. The permission should be countersigned by the commander and strict scrutiny should be habitually made into the manner of the fulfillment of any such contracts. If at any time it should be discovered that any mischief results the system should be abandoned. No trade is lawful except such as is thus carried on, and the directions in the fifth, sixth, and seventh regulations of the overland trade to Mexico are applicable to any such traffic.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Major Gens. George E. Pickett and J. C. Breckinridge, Generals G. T. Beauregard and Joseph E. Johnston, lieutenant Gens. L. Polk and J. Polk and J. Longstreet.)

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 11.
 Richmond, March 22, 1864.

I. When owners, overseers, or managers of such farms or plantations as are specially enumerated in the fourth article, tenth section, of the late military bill, or whose services are of more importance as agriculturists than in the Army, who were enrolled during the month of January last, are still in the camps of instructions and have not volunteered, or otherwise have been enlisted, the equity of the act should prevail and their cases be acted on as if the enrollment had never taken place.

II. Upon general principles of justice, equity, and necessity the Government is disposed to relieve persons between seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty, members of the Society of Friends, Dunkards, &amp;c. When they are in a condition to be detailed for agricultural pursuit it may be done under the conditions imposed upon other classes of producers. When there are clerical employments or artisan or mechanical labors that they can perform they may be selected for those objects. Every case, however, should be referred to this Bureau for its action, allowing the parties to remain at their employments until action is taken.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

THOS. GOLDTHWAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., ORDNANCE BUREAU, Richmond, march 22, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On September 15 last Mr. McRae wrote that the whole amount advanced to Major Huse and others for account of War Department

