
The credits accruing to the various bureaus from the shipments of cotton have been more than anticipated and expended (as shown by recent letters from Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co. to the chiefs of bureaus) by the agents of said bureaus. The Medical Department alone has a small credit, and this is more apparent than real, as I am informed that orders more than sufficient to absorb the whole amount were long since sent out.

Your letter of September 26, 1863, gave Mr. McRae power to transfer from one bureau to another any surplus credits for which it may not have immediate need, but I do not suppose that it is your intention to withhold payment from the creditors of one department to satisfy the claims of those of another. (This is basis of objection made to transfer by F., T. & Co.)

I have thought it my duty to inform you of the foregoing facts before preparing for your signature the instructions called for by your indorsement on a late letter of Mr. McRae, which I have the honor herewith to return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

P. S. - If the cotton now on hand belonging to the War and Navy Departments is transferred, as recommended by me, to the Treasury Department, the disposition of proceeds will, under the new regulations, be under the control of the Treasury Department and agent of Treasury now abroad. If Mr. Mallory declines to transfer the cotton of his Department, the War Department will, I suppose, be compelled to ship as formerly.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 37.
 Richmond, March 22, 1864.

I. The attention of medical examining boards is called to paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 34, current series. * Such boards have no power to retire an officer, but will forward the certificate of disability (giving the officer examined a duplicate thereof) and the application, through the Surgeon-General, to the Adjutant and Inspector General, that the "certificate of retirement" may be issued from this office. No other certificate of retirement will be respected.

II. Each officer retired under the provisions of the act will, immediately on the receipt of the certificate of retirement as set forth in the preceding paragraph, or as soon thereafter as practicable, communicate to this office the military or post-office (giving county and State) at which he may be found. Whenever any permanent change is made in his location in his location he will immediately report such change to this office.

III. The certificate of retirement, as provided in paragraph I, will be numbered and forwarded to the officer so retired when he is on duty in the field through the general commanding the army or department to the regiment or battalion to which the officer may belong. When he is absent from his command it will be forwarded directly to his address at the place where he appeared before the Board of Examiners (unless a different direction is requested by the officer) and a notice of the fact will be sent from this office to the commanding general.

---------------

*See p. 214.

---------------

