
IV. When an officer presents himself for re-examination, in compliance with paragraph VII, General Orders, No. 34, it will be the duty of the Board examining to specify on the new medical certificate the number of the certificate of retirement as issued from this office.

V. Each officer retired under the act, and not assigned to duty, will report by letter to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office monthly giving his address, as required by paragraph 167, Army Regulations.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MOBILE, March 22, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received your letter of March 14 desiring [me] to act as commissioner under the recent act of Congress for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in the military department commanded by Major-General Maury, and also desiring me to give counsel to the commander of conscripts and the enrolling officers in cases that may arise in which the interposition of that writ may be claimed.

I have communicated your letter to General Maury, and notified him that I will be ready to act as called upon. To-day I have received in the Richmond Enquirer a copy of the general orders upon the above-named act of Congress, and now report that my services will be rendered to the best of my ability as they may be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. HAMILTON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, Ga., March 22, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: The General Assembly of the State of Georgia has passed a resolution, a copy of which is herewith transmitted, in which they decline to express any opinion as to the wisdom of the act passed by Congress enrolling such persons as had been enrolled under the State laws, and recommended that I as the Executive interpose no obstacle to its enforcement, and also requesting me to open a correspondence with you and request you to exonerate from the penalties of said act such persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty who did not volunteer or enroll within the time specified, supposing their enrollment under the State law to be legal.

Having given my views upon this question in my message to the General Assembly and submitted it to their decision, I yield to their recommendation.

An act was passed by the General Assembly of this State, approved December 14, 1863, to reorganize the militia of the State of Georgia, which required the enrollment of all made white residents who were then or who should be of the age of sixteen years, and not over sixty years, for military service, according to the provisions of said act, which enrollment was immediately ordered and made; after which Congress passed an act declaring that "from and after the passage of

