
the same all white men, residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of seventeen and fifty, shall be in the service of the Confederate States during the war. "

Under the fifth section of said act it is made "the duty of all white residents of the Confederate States between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty to be enrolled within a certain time, and any persons who shall fail to enroll himself without a reasonable excuse therefor shall be placed in service in the field for the war. "

Instead of constituting a reserve for State defense and detail duty, these persons, honestly believing that as both acts required the same State defense, and as they were enrolled by State authority for that purpose it was legal, failed to enroll themselves in Confederate service, which, I think, "is a reasonable excuse therefor. " I therefore respectfully request that they be allowed thirty days after notice given to volunteer, organize, and elect their officers. And as it is important that your decision be made known immediately, with your consent I will publish your reply to this letter if you conform to the wish of the General Assembly and grant the privilege requested for the persons now made subject to enrollment.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure.]

A RESOLUTION in relation to the recent military act of Congress.

The General Assembly do resolve, That this General Assembly, declining to express any opinion as to the wisdom of the act passed by Congress enrolling such persons as had been enrolled under the State law, recommend that His Excellency interpose no obstacle to its enforcement, and the Governor is requested to open a correspondence with the Secretary of War and request him to exonerate from the penalties of said act such persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty who did not volunteer or enroll within the time specified, supposing their enrollment under the State law legal.

PETER CONE,

President pro tem. of the Senate.

L. H. KENAN,

Secretary of Senate.

THOS. HARDEMAN, Jr.,

Speaker House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk House of Representatives.

Having given my views upon this question in my message to the General Assembly and submitted it to their decision, I yield to their recommendation. This 22nd of March, 1864.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

SECRETARY OF STATE'S OFFICE, GEORGIA, Milledgeville, March 22, 1864.

I certify the above is a true copy of the original resolution now on file in this office.

Given under my hand and seal of office.

N. C. BARNETT,

Secretary of State.

