
[First indorsement.]

MARCH 31, 1864.

CONSCRIPT BUREAU:

Under you regulations no penalty has yet been incurred, has it? Suggest anything you wish included in answer to the Governor.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, April 2, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The instructions of this Bureau, under sanction of the Secretary of War, to the commandant of conscript for Georgia allow until the 1st of May for the enrollment of the classes indicated by Governor Brown. This entirely exonerates these classes from the penalty provided by Congress, and seems to meet Governor Brown's recommendation.

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Colonel and Superintendent.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 23, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The act of the last Congress to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States provided for an embargo upon the exportation of cotton, tobacco, sugar, rice, molasses, and military and naval stores from the Confederacy, except under the regulations of the President. The regulations for export by sea and overland to Mexico have been published. There is another branch of the same trade that the public necessity alone justifies, and which cannot be specially regulated, except by communication with the general commanding the lines on the frontier. The act prohibits exportation into any portion of the Confederate States occupied by the enemy, and authorized the forfeiture of the articles exported, and the vehicles, and slaves employed in the business. It authorizes the collectors of the districts, and such other officers as may be designated by the President, to take into their custody any of the articles subject to forfeiture, when there is reason to believe they are intended for exportation, or when it vessels, carts, or wagons, or any other carriage or vehicle whatsoever, or in any manner apparently on their way toward the territories of a foreign nation, or toward the territories of the Confederate States in the occupation of the United Stats, and not to permit the same to be removed until bond shall be given, with satisfactory sureties, that no violation of this act and the regulations under the same in intended.

The third section of the act provided that these articles may be laden under a special permission, and upon taking a bond to secure the delivery of the articles at their destination.

It is necessary that this Department shall authorize a trade in these articles with the border counties, and even Maryland, for ordnance supplies, and to obtain subsistence from Northern Virginia, and the Department has placed the subject, so far atence and other supplies, except ordnance stores, under the charge of Major B. P. Noland. He contracts for articles, takes the bond, and receives those

