
that may be imported in return; that is, he superintend the operations. The permissions will all be issued from this Department, and none will be granted except for this object, except in a few cases, for the supply of soldiers' families outside of our lines. A contraband trade in the prohibited articles cannot be permitted for individual advantage, and the duty of the commander is to prevent the same.

The fifth, and seventh articles of the regulations in respect to the overland trade with Mexico are applicable to persons engaged in the trade elsewhere, and contain directions as to the proper course to be pursued by the commander in all such cases.

With the statement of the act, the rules of the Department respecting it, and by reference to the regulations in respect to the overland trade with Mexico, so far as applicable to your lines, will enable you to give instructions suitable to the case. The act does not contemplate any action in respect to imports by the military authorities; but if any illicit trade in prohibited articles is discovered notice should be given. A copy of the Treasury regulations as to such articles is forwarded with this letter. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, March 23, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,
Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the effect of the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, amending the law establishing military courts, which requires that "charges shall be referred to said courts and their proceedings reviewed by the army commander, as in the case of general courts-martial. " This converts military courts practically into courts-martial and sacrifices the chief benefits that were anticipated from the creation of the former.

When I recommended the establishment of military courts, in the autumn of 1862, the inadequacy of the courts-martial to enforce discipline in the Army had become apparent to my mind from the experience of the campaign in Northern Virginia and Maryland, which had just closed. The importance of prompt and certain punishment of offenses had been strongly impressed upon me, and as it was impossible to accomplish this object by convening courts-martial in the midst of active operations, I thought that great good could be attained by having a tribunal to attend the Army to try and punish offenses as they were committed, so as more effectually to restrain them than could be hoped by a trial and punishment after the lapse of a long time and when the immunity of one offender had encouraged many others to follow his example. The same considerations made me look for better results from the military courts when the Army was stationary, as their proceedings, if conducted according to the original plan, could be much more expeditions than those of courts-martial.

One of the chief sources of delay in the latter courts was the necessity of forwarding all charges to my headquarters for examination before being ordered to trial, and subsequently of reviewing the proceedings of all the courts. Much time was necessarily lost in both these particulars, as the numbers of cases was so great that they could

---------------

*See p. 206. For Lee's reply, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 842.

---------------

