
not always be reviewed as soon as received, without the sacrifice of other and more pressing duties. These difficulties it was thought would be obviated to a great extent by allowing the corps commanders to send charges directly to the military courts of their respective corps for trial, and to review the proceedings of those courts, and it was found in practice that such was the case. The labor of reviewing was divided among several, and the time necessarily consumed in the transmission of papers was also saved.

The act of Congress above referred to has entirely taken away these, which were the chief benefits of the military courts, and restored all the objectionable features of the system of courts-martial courts, and restored all the objectionable features of the system of courts-martial. In fact I would prefer the latter, as they do not require the additional transportation and subsistence necessary for the military courts. While the army is stationary there is absolutely no difference in point of efficiency between the two courts, and although the military courts might sit while the army is moving, the necessity that the charges to be tried shall first be sent to me to be referred to these courts, and that their proceedings shall be reviewed by me, makes the courts of no practical use during a time of active operations, owing to the impossibility of my discharging these duties under such circumstances, and the great loss of time that must always occur, especially when the troops are separated, as almost always happens.

If the corps commanders and commanders of cavalry divisions, each of which will have a court, be authorized to refer charges to the military courts and review their proceedings, they will continue to prove useful to the Army. If the present law is to continue, they are expensive incumbrances.

If you should desire it I will forward to you the outlines of a law which will embody the principal features that experience has shown should characterize the military courts, to be presented to Congress at their next meeting, and I hope their wisdom will see proper to remedy the objections above pointed out in the existing constitution of those tribunals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Firs indorsement.]

MARCH 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the President, who may be interested to learn General Lee's well-considered opinion of the objections to the recent legislation of Congress relative to military courts and the amendments that are desirable.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 1, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I do not find in the law referred to anything which requires the commanding general to refer all charges to the military courts. It seems tome to be placed just where the Articles of War, the Regulations of the Army, and practice in relation to general courts-martial had before fixed it. The revision of the proceedings by the commanding general is made obligatory wherever it was requisite in the case of a general court-martial.

J. D.

