
of having furnished a substitute may be assumed as prima facie evidence that the principal has no other claim for exemption, and will therefore demand careful examination when new claims are presented.

IV. To aid in detecting frauds in substitution which have been committed by officers and others, commandants will endeavor to procure all substitute papers, examine them, and if found to be irregular or supposed to be fraudulent, will forward them to the Bureau, with testimony and opinion.

V. Cases of fraudulent, irregular, and improper, and improper exemptions have been reported to the Bureau; certificates of exemption have been counterfeited, and it is feared officers are not free from liability to grave charges in granting exemptions.

Commandants will forthwith, by special inspections and otherwise, proceed to a rigid revision of all exemptions.

By command of Colonel J. S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, va., January 13, 1864.

His Excellency J. E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: General Beauregard has of late on several occasions expressed serious apprehensions that the enemy were strengthening their land forces and contemplating at attack on the line of railroad, and in consequence has called for re-enforcements. Unable to spare them from other sources, it is deemed advisable to inquire of you whether the residue of the 15,000 men organized, as the Department has understood, under the call made upon you last summer, and not yet brought into service, could be command in whole or in part aid to General Beauregard. They might, without leaving the State, f than be objectionable, be substituted for other troops at Savannah, or along the line within the limits of Georgia. General Cobb likewise writes that the term of service of the local forces under his command will expire in February, and in such event it would be of great importance that either they should be continued in the service, or a portion of the 15,000 not employed as above should be prepared to take their places. Will you be so kind as to inform me what course you will feel at liberty to adopt under the circumstances, so that a more formal call, if necessary, be made upon you?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

COMMITTEE ROOM, CONFEDERATE RELATIONS,

January 13, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your communication* to me of the-, inviting attention of the Legislature to the policy of withdrawing all able-bodied male

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

