
is made, and will, thereupon, if he shall conclude that there is a cause for impressment, proceed to give the notice required by the third section of this act.

IV. The officer making the impressments will in all cases commence by giving a written or printed notice, which shall express all the particulars contained in the section aforesaid, and he will take care not to impress more of the supplies of any owner than the act of Congress permits.

V. If any question should arise as to the quantity of the meat in possession of the owner, or whether a reasonable allowance has been made under the conditions of this act, or in reference to the rate of compensation to be paid, the difference will be settled, according to the fifth section of the act. The decisions of the arbitrators appointed under this section will be conclusive upon both the impressing officer and the owner, and the settlement will be made according to the award.

VI. A report of all impressments under this act, whether by officers in the field or by officers of the Subsistence Department, will be made to the chief of the Bureau of Subsistence by the officer making it.

VII. The attention of officers in the field who may be required to make impressments under this act is particularly directed to the conditions of the sixth section, and they are specially directed to conform in all cases to the same. Any deviation from this order will subject the officers concerned to punishment.

VIII. No impressment under this or any ore of milch cows or of the breeding stock of any farm or plantation.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 12.
 Richmond, Va., March 24, 1864.

The following is prescribed as the form of the bond required in the second clause, fourth article, tenth section, of the late military bill, and with slight alterations may be adapted to the cases of agricultural details:

THE CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, STATE OF --- ---.

Know all men by these presents, That we (name of principal), of ---- County, in the said State (name of surety), of --- County, and (name of surety), of --- County, in the said State, are held and firmly bound unto the Confederate States of America, in the penal sum of (double the estimated value of produce to be delivered, in words, not figures) dollars, to be paid to the said Confederate States of America; for which payment, well and truly to be made and done, we bind ourselves, and each of us, our heirs, executors, and administrators, jointly and severally, firmly, by these presents.

Sealed with our seals and dated this --- day of ---, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- ----.

Whereas, the above bound (name of principal) has applied for the exemption of (himself or name of person exempted) as ("overseer" or "agriculturalist," as the case may be), under the fourth of the tenth section of the act of Congress, approved 17th February, 1864, entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," there being upon the farm or plantation of the said (name of owner of farm), for which exemption is sought (number in words) able-bodied slaves between the ages of sixteen and fifty, within the meaning of said act; and which application is to be granted upon the satisfactory execution of this bond.

