
I beg leave respectfully to call your attention to the fact that whilst Brigadier-General Pillow was charged with these duties, under the direction of General Johnston, in the Department of Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi, he was unable to suppress desertion and disaffection by such details as Generals Johnston and Bragg were then able to afford him, and that upon repeated applications, approved by General Bragg, the Honorable Secretary of War was at last induced to allow the organization of a sufficient number of companies which you now desire to perform this duty. This power was left discretionary with Brigadier-General Pillow so far as the number of companies was concerned. Under the discretionary power so granted, Brigadier-General Pillow raised over twenty companies in this State as a supporting force to his system of conscription. When this force was organized little less than a reign of terror existed in a large portion of Alabama. The operations of this force and the inclemency of the past winter have for a time produced comparative quiet and confidence and greatly reduced the number of deserters and recusants. It is reasonable to expect that during this spring and coming summer the number of deserters will increase, and an ample supporting force will be indispensable necessary.

Under present regulations the Bureau of Conscription is charged with the duty of returning all absentees and deserters from the Army. Monthly reports of such are rendered by the various regiments in the field to the Bureau of Conscription and the War Department, and veteran soldiers in the field look to the Bureau of Conscription to return those who have deserted the post of duty. Brigadier-General Pillow having been ordered to the field, and the entire control of this service having been transferred to Colonel Preston, he directed me when in Richmond recently to inspect and report upon the condition of the supporting force organized by Brigadier-General Pillow, stating that he did not believe that it would be necessary to retain all that Brigadier-General Pillow had organized under discretionary power, but that so little was known of the condition and material of which these companies were composed that no order could be made relieving them until inspected and reported upon. On my arrival at this place, on my return from Richmond, Brigadier-General Pillow showed me a letter from the Honorable Secretary of War authorizing him to organize for field service such companies of the supporting force as Colonel Preston should turn over to him, after all parties liable to conscription should have been taken out. Brigadier-General Pillow insisted that I should at once turn over, to him all but seven companies. This I was not authorized to do, but believing that Brigadier-General Pillow had retained whilst superintendent of conscription more companies than were actually necessary, and being anxious to contribute whatever I could consistently with orders to secure him a command in the field, I telegraphed Colonel Preston for authority to turn over at once such companies of the supporting force as I did not need. This authority was granted by telegram, leaving me, of course, responsible for any error that might be committed by turning over too many companies, or by turning over companies out of which the conscripts had not been taken. Under that authority I turned over to Brigadier-General Pillow what purported to be thirteen companies out of twenty-five reported to me. This is as low as I feel that I could safely reduce the force under the power granted me by Colonel Preston, unless he were to direct otherwise. I regret that Brigadier-General Pillow seems to think that I am not disposed to assist him in obtaining a

