
command in the field, and I regret that anything should occur at this time to embarrass Colonel Preston's system of conscription, but I rely with confidence upon your sound judgment, and upon the promises you have so kindly made that you will furnish whatever assistance may be required for this service, and thank you most heartily for your expressions of confidence made known to Major Thompson in his interview and communicated to me by him. A copy of this correspondence will be forwarded to Colonel Preston by next mail, asking instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, your friend and obedient servant,

H. C. LOCKHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commandant for Alabama.

[MARCH 26, 1864. -For Magruder to Smith, inclosing correspondence with the Governor of Texas in reference to State troops, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 1087.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
March 26, 1864.

Hon JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to suggest that in my opinion a plan might be adopted which would sensibly lessen the issue of Confederate money without doing injustice to the rights of any one. Since I have had the command of this army large amounts have been paid to citizens for articles consumed or destroyed by the troops, or for damages of different kinds. These payments have all been made in money, although much of the property paid for was such as the owner would probably never have sold, or at any rate not for a long time. In the situation in which we are placed it is probably necessary to give every inducement we can to the people to sell us what we require, and we cannot avoid paying them in the way that they prefer. But such need not be the case with reference to such things as wood for fuel, taken by the troops. The wood they use is not generally a source of income or revenue to the owner, nor in most cases, if it were not burned by them, would it be cut for many years. It contributes tot he value of the real estate, but can hardly be regarded as personalty. There is no reason why it should be paid for in money, as the owner would be equally well of if paid in bonds or certificates of indebtedness, to constitute the foundation of a claim hereafter.

I respectfully recommend that this plan be adopted, and that it be extended to all claims resting upon the same grounds. When property usually sold in market or in the ordinary business of the owner is taken or destroyed there may be some equity in his claim to be paid in current money; so in those cases where property is destroyed that must be restored, such as fences, houses, &amp;c. But in all other cases a great deal of money might be saved by giving bonds or certificates. If this cannot be done to the whole amount of the claim, part at least might be thus settled.

As I take it to be desirable to make the issue of the new currency as slow as possible, I respectfully suggest that actio

