
be taken at once. In many cases persons have received more for wood used by the troops, and which but for such use would now be standing, than was originally paid for the land itself. It is evident that if all the property of this kind is to be converted into currency the volume of it must be greatly augmented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[MARCH 26, 1864. -For Davis to Vance, in relation to the business of blockade running, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 841.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 28, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter calling my attention to the serious inconveniences resulting from the recent legislation of Congress respecting the military courts. *

I concur fully with your view, and my recommendations for the action of Congress were of an opposite tendency and sought to give greater facilities for their action and to relieve both the commanding general and the President from the burden of reviewing the cases decided. I was not consulted in reference to the act passed, and I think it very probable some misapprehension existed in consequence of an impression prevailing (correctly, I believe) that the President considered it incumbent under the Articles of War that the records should be reviewed by the command general. I will take pleasure in calling the matter to the notice of Congress at this next session, and will endeavor to procure such legislation as will conform to your views, and while adding to the efficiency of the military courts yet lighten the labors now injudiciously cast on you and other commanders in the field.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 28, 1864. -For Smith to Davis, in relation to the intentions of Governor Murrah with reference to the Texas troops, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 1095.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 29, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 26th instant and to express my obligation for the counsel you suggest in regard to the use of certificates of indebtedness. My own judgment fully approves the policy you recommend, and it was owing in some measure to suggestions and urgency on my part that there

---------------

*See p. 246.

---------------

