
was made in the recent currency bill a provision for the issue and use of certificates of indebtedness. These certificates have been made, by the provision allowing 6 per cent. interest and exemption from taxation, so tempting in comparison with other Confederate issues that it is hoped with confidence they will be received in payment not only of such claims as you more specially refer to, but likewise in part on general purchases though preference, or at least without objection, by the people. They will, so used, greatly diminish the volume of the currency it will be necessary to issue, and every effort shall be made by the Department to make them as available to this end as possible. No one can be more thoroughly satisfied, or perhaps none has better opportunities to feel the necessity of reducing our redundant currency and of maintaining it at some fixed reasonable standard. It is very difficult to correct the excesses to which we have been incautiously led in the issue of notes circulating as money, but I am hopeful, with the perception of the evil that now prevails, both with the people and their representatives, there will be a steady reduction of the notes issued to the reasonable amount required for circulation, and an inflexible determination to maintain the circulation steady.

In my opinion almost any sacrifice ought to be made to obtain credits requisite to carry on the war rather than to recur to the most expensive and mischievous of all modes-the issue of a redundant currency. To aid I shall endeavor to obtain supplies from abroad, and even through our lines by an exchange of our products. Even in our own limits I expect to introduce and rely upon to a considerable extent a system of barter. I am happy to think in all this I shall have, as I infer from your letter, your approval and co-operation.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 29, 1864. -For Lee to Seddon, in relation to the subject of exportation, with copy of general orders for the guidance of the army, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 842.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 40.
 Richmond, March 29, 1864.

I. The enlistment of deserters is a serious evil in the service. The attention of the Army is therefore directed to the Twenty-second Article of War, which provides that "no non-commissioned officer or soldier shall enlist himself in any other regiment, troops, or company without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop, or company in which he last served, on the penalty of being reported a deserter and suffering accordingly; and in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned officer or soldier, or shall not, after his being discovered to be a deserter, immediately confine him, and give notice thereof to the corps in which he last served, the said officer shall by a court-martial be cashiered. "

II. a strict observance of this law, and the arrest and trial of all who violate its injunctions, are required.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

