
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 29, 1864.

His Excellency WILLIAM SMITH,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Your letter of the 22nd instant,* in regard to the State force in the city of Richmond, has been referred to the Conscript Bureau with this indorsement:

The men in these militia organizations come, in my judgment, under the liabilities to military service declared by the act of the Confederate Congress. They are none of them "troops of war" kept by a State in time of war in the contemplation of the Constitution. Being thus liable, those capable of active service in the field between the ages of eighteen and forty-five must be at once conscribed and devoted to the old organizations, either by their own selection or by assignment. Those who would belong to the reserve forces, being already in organizations similar in a great degree (though under State authority) to those contemplated for the reserve, and by their union with others not liable to conscription, holding perhaps together a larger local force than might otherwise collect, need not at once be called into Confederate service, but may be allowed to remain as they are until further orders. The claim to them cannot be surrendered, but the contingencies of the future must determine whether they may not be more usefully employed in their present organizations than in new reserve companies for Confederate service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, March 29, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received the inclosed letter+ from Mr. Boyden to-day. Mr. B. resides in Salisbury, but you will see that the letter was written from the residence of C. I. Pierson. I have written Mr. B. in reply that he misinterpreted my letter in supposing that all persons who had sued out writs prior to the orders from your Department of the 10th instant were to be put upon the same footing as those who were discharged that the parties were held for military duty. In the cases referred to by Mr. Boyden the returns were under the orders of Colonel Mallett, he having received orders before yours of the 10th instant from the Conscript Bureau. Mr. B. states the return and says that a motion will be made to discharge the parties upon the ground of the insufficiency of the returns-I presume for the reason that they do not correspond with the orders of the 10th. I have explained to Mr. B. the whole matter and said to him that I had neither power no inclination to interfere further, and also that I did not believe the general would regard any discharge granted in any such case. How many cases there are of this kind I know not. There were some 115 or 120 of the Salisbury cases.

I received your last letter. Am I to receive any commission as commissioner, or any other instructions that those embraced in the order of the 10th of March, 1864?

Very respectfully,

THS. BRAGG.

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted.

---------------

