
[MARCH 30, 1864. -For Smith to Martin, calling out State troops to report at Marshall, Tex., see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 1099.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 30, 1864.

W. N. ESTELLE, Esq.,

Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: You will find herewith inclosed the orders relative to the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus with the act on that subject. *

The Department desires that you will undertake the charge of commissioner for carrying into effect the act and orders under its in the State of Mississippi. The orders sufficiently express the duties you have to perform. You are also requested to afford counsel to the commander of conscripts and the enrolling officers in cases that may arise in which the interposition of that writ may be claimed.

You are authorized to detail one or more assistants from the class between forty-five and fifty, or to designate some gentlemen above that age to aid you if the duties become too onerous for your personal attention.

Congress failed to make an appropriation to carry into effect this act, but will doubtless do so at its next meeting in May. You will keep an accurate account of the expenses and send it to this Department previous to the meeting of Congress. A reasonable and proper compensation will be allowed to you for the duties you may be required to perform.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to J. M. Forbes, Saltville, Va., appointed commissioner for State of Virginia, and to Alexander, R. Boteler, Richmond, Va.)

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 13.
 Richmond, Va., March 31, 1864.

Commandants of conscripts will forthwith proceed, in compliance with General Order, Numbers 33, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, rapidly to enroll all persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years, allowing them until the 1st day of May next to join any company for local defense which has been formed under General Orders, Numbers 86, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, last series, for the war, or any other company for local defense which has been accepted into the service and which by the terms of its enlistment is liable to service anywhere within the State, or to form themselves into voluntary organizations of companies, battalions, or regiments, and elect their own company officers in conformity with existing law, as provided in the sixth section of the act of Congress to organize forces to serve during the war, published in General Orders, Numbers 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. Those who do not before the 1st day of May next

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 31, March 10, p. 203.

---------------

17 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

