
volunteer or organize themselves into companies will be formed into companies, battalions, and regiments under regulations to be prescribed therefor.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. QUARTERMASTER'S DEPT., RAILROAD BUREAU,

Richmond, March 31, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: The necessity of more rapid communication with Wilmington has long been felt, but has failed of accomplishment from a want of harmony with the railroad officers. I am satisfied that we can expect no lasting improvement until the three roads between this city and that are under one management and worked as one corporation. I am los satisfied that this can never be done if the wishes of the present officers are consulted. Three presidents and as many superintendents will be sure to find reasons why no good could result from such an arrangement. I would therefore recommend that the six officers of these roads above named be convened and the wishes of Government be unfolded to them, at the same time assuring them that the temporary amalgamation was a military necessity and must be complied with. The terms should be liberal, as the end, if attained, is beyond price. If the Government would take the roads with all rolling-stock, shops, machinery, tools, &amp;c., just as they stand, and agree to pay an annual interest of 12 1\2 per cent. until the war closes, and then to replace the roads, &c., in as good condition as received, there would be no reasonable objection to turning them over to the Government. It is not an object to stickle about terms if the companies can be brought to agree to it; and so important do I consider the arrangement that I urge it upon your consideration even to the extent of an impressment.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 1, 1864.

As this proposition involves the exercise of large powers, and may involve very heavy expenditures on the part of the Government, it is respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for his sanction.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[MARCH 31, 1864. -For Smith and Magruder to Murrah, urging, in view of the situation, that every armed man be put into the field, and referring to the demoralization caused by the action of the State authorities, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 1103.]

[MARCH 31, 1864. -For Polk to Seddon, in relation to the operations of the Bureau of Conscription in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, with indorsements, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part III, pp. 723-726.]

