
GUYTON, Ga., March 31, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I trust you will pardon the liberty I take in calling your attention to the above extract* from the Savannah Morning News.

You here see an act of great injustice about to be perpetrated on our brave soldiers in the field. Nine-tenths of the militia officers of Georgia are between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, and thus, under Governor Brown's protection, they will escape all military service. The idea of keeping up such a militia organization is simply absurd. Their commands will consist of boys from sixteen to seventeen, and of men between fifty and sixty, who had no voice in the election of said officers, and who would much prefer men from among their own number. There are few of the people of Georgia, men and women, who do not, after God, place all their trust in you, and confidently look to you to interpose your authority to stop this outrageous wrong. All between the ages of seventeen and fifty should, as by law they are required to do, immediately take their places in the ranks, and particularly these same unpatriotic militia officers. Relying on your sense of justice, I trust you will give the foregoing lines your attentive perusal.

With the assurance that you and yours are daily commended to the care, protection, and guidance of our Heavenly Parent, and sympathizing deeply with you in your many cares and perplexities,

I remain, your obedient servant,

J. C. MATHER.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription for attention.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, April 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commandant of Georgia for attention. By order of Colonel Preston:

THOMAS PINCKNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPTION,
Macon, Ga., April 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major Rowland for attention.

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Commandant.

[Fourth indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS CAMP COOPER,
Macon, Ga., May 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Browne.

The statement made in the extract appended to the within letter is no doubt true. Many men between eighteen and forty-five have been

---------------

*Inserted as an inclosure, following.

---------------

