
by the War Department, and I would, therefore, respectfully suggest that all permits for trade in those sections be granted by the general commanding, who shall require them before being valid to be indorsed by the chief commissary of the State or district, or some officer specially charged by the chief or district commissary with the control of that business. On the North Carolina border General Pickett could grant the permit, and Major R. Tannahill, the chief district commissary, should indorse it, and in the Southwest General Breckinridge's permits should be indorsed by Major Joseph Cloyd, the chief district commissary.

Agents for railroad companies are now at work in North Carolina with permits from General Whiting, exchanging cotton for bacon, pound for pound, while our agents are exchanging two and three pounds of bacon for one of cotton. The trade should be under the control of designated officers, and thus uniformity and regularity could be attained and fraud and speculation prevented.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Virginia.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 4, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

If your judgment approves, will you give the requisite instructions? If not, I should be pleased to have the benefit of your counsels. I am inclined to make the modification of requiring the permit from the commissary and the approval by the general rather than as suggested.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

Circular list.

COLUMBUS, Miss., April 1, 1864.

The undersigned, commissioners for the State of Mississippi under the act of Congress regulating impressments, establish the prices following, to be paid from this date by the Government until further notice, for property impressed or taken for the public use "in the hands of any person other than the persons who have raised, grown, or produced the same, or persons holding the same for their own use or consumption,"g districts:

First District: Composed of the counties of Carroll, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Holmes, Issaquena, Kemper, Lowndes, Monroe, Noxubee, Oktibbeha, Sunflower, Tallahatchie, Yalobusha, and Yazoo.

Second District: Composed of the counties of Amite, Attala, Bolivar, Clarke, Claiborne, Coahoma, Copiah, Franklin, Jasper, Jefferson, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Leake, Marion, Neshoba, newton, Pike, Rankin, Scott, Smith, Tunica, Wayne, Wilkinson, Winston, and Washington.

Third District: Composed of the counties of Calhoun, De Soto, Itawamba, Lafayette, Madison, Marshall, Panola, and Pontotoc.

Fourth District: Composed of the counties of Adams, Covington, Greene, Hancock, Harrison, Hinds, Jackson, Perry, Simpson, Tippah, Tishomingo, and Warren.

