
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 2, 1864.

PETER HAMILTON, Esq.,

Mobile, Ala.:

There will be no objection to your detail of any person to assist you in the performance of the duties of commissioner under Orders Numbers 31 who may not be liable to service in the field. An exempt from disability or other cause may be detailed, but the Department desires that the details shall not exceed the exact necessity for service. Several cases of hardship and injustice arising from arrests in the Department of Alabama have been reported tot this Department, and lately a Mrs. Knox was sent to Richmond without any charges being sent or cause assigned for such a proceeding. The Department expects of you to examine all such persons and that your direction to discharge a person under arrest shall be sufficient. If there be a reasonable cause for arrest or detention you will perform what is required by Orders Numbers 31.

There is not the slightest disposition upon the part of this Department to use the power conferred by the act of Congress for the arrest of parties except to maintain the efficient execution of the acts of Congress for the organization of the Army and to protect the country from the invidious operations of the enemy. It desires that a candid investigation shall take place in all cases, and that justice be awarded to all persons charged with offense in any form. It desires that the administration under this law shall be such as to vindicate those who made it under the extraordinary circumstances of the time for having intrusted the powers it confers with this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 2, 1864.

Honorable THOMAS BRAGG,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Your letter of the 29th ultimo has been received. It is not supposed any commission is necessary to enable yo duties imposed upon you under the letter of appointment already in your possession.

The Department has not issued any instructions other than those contained in General Orders, Numbers 31, of the 10th of March, ultimo. It desires that as little obstruction be made to the operations of the civil tribunal as sis compatible with the execution of the acts of Congress relative to the organization of the Army. When a case is presented in which there is a reasonable claim for relief from the service under the law, and when there is a bone fide effort to test the validity of the claim, the Department has no desire to prevent the litigation of such a claim. Its object is to employ the power given by the act to prevent those who desire to evade the service from availing themselves of the crude opinions and injurious efforts of some judges who seem to have come to the conclusion that by diminishing the Army and obstructing the authority of Congress they are performing a public duty. The Department desires that all cases in which persons

