
have been or may be arrested shall be examined under your directions, and that none shall be retained in custody against whom there is not a valid cause for arrest and detention. That in the cases in which the courts can render adequate security the parties charged shall be placed at their disposition and control, and that no person shall be retained in the military custody whose conduct has not fairly warranted such a detention. These cases are comparatively few, and when they are discovered a report should be made of the facts and the evidence to the Department as is provided for by General orders, Numbers 31.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 2, 1864. -For Magruder to Murrah, in regard to organizing Texas State troops and the enforcement of the conscript law, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part III, p. 739.

[APRIL 2, 1864. -For Magruder to Nichols, in regard to the failure of the Governor of Texas to organize the State troops or to execute the conscript law, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part III, p. 729.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 79.
 Richmond, April 4, 1864.

* * * *

XXXIII. Colonel Robert H. Chilton, senior assistant adjutant-general of the Army, is hereby assigned too duty in the Bureau of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, and will be charged with the superintendence of the inspecting branch of that department. This assignment to take effect from the 1st instant.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS,

Lynchburg, April 4, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: There is an impression generally entertained that the Honorable Secretary of War has decided that officers of the second-class militia organizations who may be between eighteen and forty-five years of age are not to be interfered with, but are to be permitted to remain at home as militia officers, and that it is only intended that the privates between these ages shall be sent off. In a letter to me, under date of February 10, 1864, Governor Smith, through his aide-de-camp, Colonel French, wrote me as follows:

Neither officers nor men of the second-class militia, nor of the home guards, if not otherwise relieved, are exempted from conscription by reason of being attached to such organizations. If between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, they come under the provisions of the conscript law, unless exempted in accordance with the provisions of the same.

