
I would be exceedingly surprised, after this, to see these officers exempted. In the second-class militia of Lynchburg a large number of the officers are young men. The conduct of this organization in responding to my calls upon them does not entitle its officers to favor. My dispatches will show that on the last occasions when I called upon them, the battalion absolutely declined going. Individual officers and men would have done their duty, but in such small numbers as not warrant any organization. I question whether these gentlemen between eighteen and forty-five years of age had any right in the second-class militia in the first instance, either as officers or men.

I wish to call your attention to the fact that this battalion failed to go to the assistance of neighboring counties when they were in danger of raids, because the Governor, it was supposed, could not force them and had not ordered them to go. The undersigned on these occasions had called on them to go and had informed them of the occasion of the call. I would state that in August, on my first call, about 250 responded; on my second call about 100 went, but on my last calls (which have been several in number) they have utterly declined, as I have stated.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,
April 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 20, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

It is presumed the officers of the second-class militia between the ages of eighteen and forty-five are not exempt from conscription. The law evidently makes no distinction in their favor.

By order:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

APRIL 23, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The Secretary of War allows the Governor to certify the officers where exemption is proper for the administration of the State. They are not exempt otherwise.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Richmond, Va., April 5, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE,

Aide-de-Camp to the President, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: You are hereby assigned temporarily to the duty of superintending and directing the conscript service in the State of

