
committee have instructed me to lay before you the facts and views herein communicated for your consideration before adopting any conclusions or taking any definite action on the subject. They should probably say, however, that they so far feel the force of them as to be disinclined to recommend to the favor of the House the policy of a forcible withdrawal of the slaves from the quarters of the State embraced by your suggestion by the military intervention of the Confederate Government. But they trust there will be fund no room or occasion for any conflict to arise between the authorities, respectively, of the two governments, at least in the conclusions they shall arrive at. They are persuaded that the Confederate Government, even if not concurring entirely in the views above set forth, would yet readily refrain, in a matter of so much delicacy and so vitally affecting our citizens, unless from the clearest conviction of an overruling necessity, from exercising a power which any State might deem seriously objectionable and prejudicial to her most important interests.

Hoping to learn from your reply that the Confederate Government does not, in view of all the circumstances, propose to pursue the policy to which you invited the attention of the Legislature of Virginia unless with their concurrence, I am, very respectfully,

WYNDHAM ROBERTSON,

Chairman.

[JANUARY 13, 1864-For Lee to Preston, in relation to the necessity for a strict execution of the conscript law in order to strengthen the armies in the field, see Series I, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1087.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Richmond, January 14, 1864.

I. Whenever ordnance stores are lost or damaged in any brigade it will be the duty of each brigade of district commander, at the request of his ordnance officer, or of any officer accountable for ordnance stores, to appoint as often as necessary a board of survey, to consist of three officer, to assess the value of or damage to such stores.

II. The decision of this board, with the approval of the brigade or district commander will be final; and it will be the duty of the brigade or district ordnance officer to notify the company commander to stop the amount on the muster-rolls when privates are found chargeable; and when officers are found chargeable, instead or reporting to the Secretary of War as required by paragraph 921, General Regulations, he will notify the brigade quartermaster of the chief quartermaster of the district to have the amount stopped at the next payment. Duplicate of such notification in the case of officers and privates to be sent to the Chief of Ordnance at Richmond, to be by him transmitted to the Second Auditor of the Treasury.

III. The brigade of district ordnance officer will furnish the brigade inspector or other officer having charge of that duty a statement of all stopPAGEs made by the board of survey against officers and men, and the inspectors will see that these stopPAGEs are actually made.

IV. The same instructions will be adhered to in the artillery, where the officers in charge of the artillery of a corps or of a department will call the board of survey.

