
Georgia, and to this end, after full conference with the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription, you will proceed without unnecessary delay to such point or points in that State as you may deem necessary for the proper performance of this duty. The Adjutant and Inspector General will issue the necessary orders.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, April 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In a conversation yesterday with the President he expressed his regret that the compulsory organization of the reserve forces was not in process, the 1st of April being the latest day he was willing to allow for volunteering. He wished me to see the necessary orders were issued. As this is a matter on which the Honorable Secretary of War has probably acted heretofore, I simply bring to your notice the President's emphatic expression and wishes.

Yours, very truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Indorsement.]

I saw the Secretary on receipt of this letter and invited his attention to General Orders, Numbers 33, of this year. I suggested his sending for the chief of Bureau of Conscription in order to impress on him vigorous and immediate action, which I have reason to believe he has done. On referring to the act above referred to, the Secretary was of the impression that the thirty days when volunteering would cease would be the 15th of April, which is thirty days after the publication of the order.

S. C.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 14.
 Richmond, Va., April 5, 1864.

I. Circular Numbers 13, current series, is hereby revoked.

II. Commandants will retain out of the reserve classes a sufficient number to compose their camp guard and supporting force, and proceed as rapidly as possible to organize into companies persons of the said reserve class already enrolled.

III. Commandants will instantly designate proper rendezvous and order all persons of the reserve classes to report a such rendezvous on the 16th day of April, instant, for the purpose of electing company officers and being organized into companies.

IV. The instant organization of these classes is deemed of the highest importance, and all such persons as do not appear at the rendezvous on the day appointed must be enrolled and assigned at the discretion of the commandants. Unless otherwise instructed, commandants will forward the muster-rolls direct to this Bureau.

By order of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

