
from the action of Congress upon the currency. Therefore we assess the average value of artillery or wagon horses or mules, impressed since the passage of the currency bill of the 17th of February last, at $600. This award will entitle each person to receive higher compensation accordingly as each horse or mules recently impressed may be considered as being a first, second, or third class artillery or wagon horse or mule, whether the parties appeal to our Board or not; and the impressing agents and officers should forthwith call on all of those persons of whom they impressed horses or mules and propose a settlement upon the foregoing basis, but allowing to each person only such prices as first, second, and third class artillery or wagon horses or mules may be estimated at, assuming our average appraisement of $600 as a fair medium valuation. This, then, would allow a maximum price of $800, and a minimum price of $400, making $600 the average price-thus allowing more for first-class horses or mules and proportionately less for the inferior, as they may fall below the grade of first class. Payment of whatever amount may be awarded to be made in the old issue of Treasury notes as circulated before the 1st of April, or else in the new issue, but with a deduction in such cases of 33 1/3 per cent. from the additional sum allowed in each case.

E. W. HUBBARD,

ROBERT GIBBONEY,

WM. B. HARRISON,

Commissioners for Virginia.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

All appeals and communications for the Board of Commissioners should be addressed to D. C. Chilton, clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the State of Virginia, Richmond, Va.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 81.
 April 6, 1864.

* * * *

VIII. Colonel William M. Browne, aide-de-camp, is temporarily assigned to the duty of superintending and directing the conscript service in the State of Georgia, and to this end, after full conference with the with the superintendent of the bureau of Conscription, will proceed without unnecessary delay to such point or points in that State as may be deemed necessary for the proper performance of this duty:

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, April 6, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th [2d] instant was received this morning. I infer from it that I am to examine into cases in which parties are held for military service, and who claim not to be liable under the law. For instance: A man claims to be over forty-five years of age has been sent to camp here as a conscript, and claims that he is only liable to be enrolled for home defense, being between forty-five and fifty years of age. Again: A foreigner has been sent to Camp Holmes as a conscript. He claims never to have obtained a domicile here,

