
and that he is not liable to military duty of any kind under the law. Am I to investigate and decide such cases? The two named have doing so until they are reported to me by the department commander in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 31, March 10, 1864? Would it not be more convenient and save time by requiring such cases to be reported to me by the commander of conscripts? The commander of conscripts showed me a letter to the Conscript Bureau desiring to also the answer from the Bureau. It was to the effect that no authority of the kind could be given to him, and if made, it must be at his peril, and must be reported through the Bureau to the general commanding the department. Nothing, perhaps, tends so much to the encouragement of deserters from the Army as this harboring and concealing o deserters when at home, and unless such persons in the interior of the State are arrested by subordinate officers with their guards, who go in pursuit of deserters, the mischief is likely to continue. The power is a very delicate one, and I fully appreciate what is said in your letter as to the arrest and detention of persons under the late act of Congress. A few examples, however, would have a salutary effect. I think the parties, where there is probable cause, should be bound over to the superior courts of their counties to answer to the court for the offense, which is now indictable under a late act of Assembly. If examined by a commissioner they might be required to enter into recognizance a magistrate or judge for their appearance before they are discharged from custody by the military officer.

Excuse these inquiries and suggestions, as I know you are occupied incessantly with matters of more importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THS. BRAGG.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 15.
 Richmond, Va., April 7, 1864.

In pursuance of instructions from the Secretary of War, commandants of conscripts will grant details until the 1st day of June, 1864, to all persons liable to conscription on the 10th day of April instant who are certified by the Commissary-General to be in the service of his department on the said 10th of April and as necessary thereto.

By order of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, April 7, 1864.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

The act of last Congress to organize forces to serve during the war requires enrollment of persons between seventeen and eighteen and between forty-five and fifty at such times and places and under such regulations as shall be prescribed by President. Orders Numbers 33, from Adjutant-General Cooper, issued March 15, and received by Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Lockhart on the 29th, prescribes thirty days' notice from publication of order in county or district by enrolling officer. Colonel

