
Lockhart issued his order on the 30th of March. Telegram from Colonel Preston of the 5th instant orders rendezvous on the 16th of April, stating the War Department construes Order Numbers 33 to mean notice to commence from day of its publication. The construction placed on it is absurd. This order is inconsistent with law and with order from Adjutant-General. The order cannot be enforced. It is impossible to comply with it. The attempt	will only do harm-no good. Let me hear from you.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the President.

Governor Watts has misunderstood or been misinformed as to the construction of the Department. I have considered that companies may be at once formed of all men who have been enrolled under the General Orders, Numbers 33; and that to hasten enrollment reserves may be appointed at any time within the thirty days allowed by law, but that the privilege of entering the reserve organizations will only be lost by failure to enroll for thirty days after the publication of the order in each district.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 7, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter inclosing a resolution of the General Assembly of Georgia recommending that no obstacle be interposed to the conscription under recent laws of the Confederate Congress of such persons as have been enrolled under the State laws, and desiring that the Secretary of War of the Confederate States be requested to exonerate from any penalties imposed by the Confederate law on such persons so enrolled as had failed to comply with the called-for enrollment under the Confederate law within a specified time.

While I will not disguise the feelings that even greater satisfaction would have been experienced from the cordial approval by your General Assembly of the wisdom of the Confederate law, yet it is gratifying to have the evidence afforded by the resolution of the Assembly of the spirit of harmonious co-operation and patriotic zeal that animate their deliberations. I take pleasure in responding to their request, that on reference to the Conscript Bureau, which is charged with execution of the Confederate law, I am informed that no measures have been taken which as yet have imposed penalties on those enrolled under the late law, and that opportunity has been and will be afforded all such to report themselves or volunteer before they will be subjected to the proscribing penalties. I should add the additional pleasure I have found in the assurance that your own original objections to the Confederate law will be relinquished in deference to the decision of your Assembly, and my hope that a spirit of wise conciliation

