
and forbearance will always avoid any conflict, so much to be deprecated between Confederate and State authorities.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, April 7, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: As you are aware, I submitted an application to you in February last for the appointment of brigadier-general to command a portion of the reserve forces in this State to be organized under the late law of Congress. I inclose copies of the indorsements made upon the application by yourself and the Secretary of War, by which it will be seen that the Honorable Secretary of War, by which it will be formed by volunteering before the term of enrollment has expired, and in case of a sufficient number of regiments being organized under Colonel Gartrell's influence in that time to constitute a brigade, I see no difficulty in thus making the desired appointment," &amp;c., and at the same time he gave me written authority to raise and organize regiments by volunteer enlistment. Since that time I have been actively engaged in raising volunteer companies, and have a sufficient number to constitute two or three regiments. On the 31st ultimo the Secretary of War dispatched me in the following words: "General Cobb has been assigned to the command of the reserve forces of Georgia. Report to him at Macon. " I did so, and General Cobb has ordered me to take all necessary and proper steps to organize regiments as rapidly as possible, and at the same time informed me that he had written on the 5th instant to the Adjutant-General for full instructions, and had recommended my appointment, and earnestly requested that my commission be forwarded to me at once. I think you will concur with me in the belief that under all the circumstances I have been quite successful in getting up volunteers. Governor Brown's message to the Legislature greatly retarded my operations, but since the action of the Legislature in turning over all persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years to the Confederate Government has become generally known, volunteering in this section of the State has progressed rapidly. I wrote the Secretary of War yesterday asking him to present my case for your consideration. Should you honor me with a commission, I pledge an honest effort for the faithful discharge of all my duties.

Hoping for a favorable response, and with renewed assurances of my highest regard,

I am, very truly, friend and obedient servant,

LUCIUS J. GARTRELL.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 15, 1864.

Secretary of War for attention and advice.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Has the letter of General Cobb referred to been received? If, so, submit with this.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

