
V. Ordnance sergeants of regiments will remain habitually with their regiments and keep themselves constantly informed as to the positions of the brigade ordnance train.

VI. The use of the sword-bayonet having been generally disapproved by boards of officers in the field, to whom the question of its usefulness was referred, its manufacture has been ordered to be discontinued. The triangular bayonet will be substituted.

VII. Hospital funds within $5,000, accrued at general hospitals, may be transferred to other general hospitals of the order of the medical director or the Surgeon-General.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 14, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: I am duly in receipt of your letter of 7th instant. Before it came to hand I had directed that the following telegram be sent to the agent of the Department at Wilmington:

" No reply yet from Governor Vance. The Secretary of War wishes you to arrange to let Don go out, leaving the question of ownership of one-third of the cargo to be determined after full conference with Governor Vance," and had received a reply as follows: "Suggestion in your telegram relative to Don anticipated. She has proceeded to sea. " I am most anxious, in reference to the blockade trade, to do whatever will most subserve the use of the Army and people. After I found that the few steamers owned by the Government were inadequate to carry out cotton to purchase supplied and monitions urgently needed, I sent an officer to Wilmington and charles to confer within owners of steamers and make the best arrangements possible to secure a portion of the carrying capacity of their steamers for the Government, and wrote at the same time to Generals Beauregard and Whiting, placing the necessities of the Government before them. Arrangements were them made whereby the several owners conceded at least one-third of their carrying capacity on payment of reasonable freights therefor. Under these arrangements the Don and Hansa have heretofore been leaded. I am aware that the owners and agents of this line (who are all foreigners, as I am advised) were prepared to make any concession as to inward freights to be relieved from carrying out any cotton for the Government, their sole interest lying in getting out of the country as much cotton as possible. Indeed, I have found no difficulty in securing as much freight room inward as I desire from the ports which the steamers run.

Under these circumstances I think you will with me, Governor, that to supersede mine, are less advantageous to the country that these established by me. We are both laboring in the same cause and for the same end, and I will not willingly allow any conflict with you through officers acting under my authority, and I feel that I may ask the same of you. Our wants for meat, lead, saltpeter, shoes, clothing, &amp;c., are most urgent at this time, and every bale of cotton I could send out has been devoted to such purchases

