
Am now beginning to doubt his good intentions. I say doubt, for after watching him closely I am not satisfied in my own mind, or arrived at any conclusion, whether some of his shortcomings are to be attributed to weakness or bad purposes. These are my real sentiments, and my reasons for them are these: Since his first elevation to power he had changed many of his former State's rights principles, as in case of conscription. His whole policy on the organization and discipline of the Army is perfectly consistent with the hypothesis that he is aiming at absolute power. Not a word has come from his of military usurpation in the orders for martial law by Bragg and Van Dorn on the whole system of passports and provost-marshals, which is utterly wrong and without authority of law. After all that may be said or written by myself and others against these usurpations, not one word has escaped Mr. Davis showing his disapproval of them. Again, it is well known that the subject of a dictatorship has been mooted, talked of, and discussed in private and in the public journals, and that the most earnest advocates of such a course, the virtual doing away with Congress and the Constitution, have been editors near him-right under his nose; editors of journals recognized at the time to be the organs of the Administration. Now, it seems to me strange that this should be so, and men holding and advocating such sentiments for months should hold such near relations to him if such sentiments were distasteful to him. These are bad signs to me, yet they are not conclusive evidences of bad objects or intentions on his part. They leave me in doubt, but certainly awaken my suspicion and watchful jealousy. They teach me to be on my guard, and they should, in my opinion, put the whole country on their guard. The price of liberty is eternal vigilance. But again I assure you I feel no more hostility to him that I do to you and great numbers I meet with who see no danger in these things. My hostility and wrath (and I have enough of it to burst ten thousand bottles) is not against him, or any man or men, but against the thing-the measures and the policy which I see is leading us to despotism. If you can understand and appreciate this position and these feelings, then you can understand me; and if you cannot, then you do not understand me, and cannot. but I trust you do. How you could have got the impression, or entertained the thought, that I had an antipathy to Mr. Davis, or was hostile to him, is strange and unaccountable to me. You surely have heard me in conversation speak of his weakness and imbecility, but certainly with no bitterness of feeling, and what I have said on this subject has always been more in sorrow than anger. I had no more feeling of resentment toward him for these than I had toward the defects and infirmities of my poor old blind and deaf dog that you saw when you were here. Poor old Ris; he is dead now and gone to his long rest. Peace to his ashes and honor to his memory. While I deplore his infirmities I certainly have no feeling of unkindness to him. As to what you say about the Administration, one word: I hardly know what idea you attach to this term as used by you. If you mean the Cabinet, then they are sustained by neither the Congress nor country, and when their recommendations were rejected by Congress, if they had had any self-respect they would have resigned their places. If you mean the acts and messages of Congress, then I am confident not one-tenth of the people of this country approve them. I would stake my head upon the issue that not ten districts in the Confederacy could be carried in a Congressional election for a candidate running on the advocacy of the four leading measures of the last Congress,

