
and pledged to sustain them as the settled policy of the country. This cry of sustaining the Administration, you will allow me to say, with all due respect to you, is nothing but a stupid, senseless cachinnation. Nobody approves it. I heard that General Cobb, in his speech at Milledgeville, said all these acts of Congress were proper, wise, and just; and yet I do know that General Cobb spoke very differently to me of some of them before they were passed. Why will men thus degrade themselves by attempting to bamboozle the people; and how are we to get better laws if bad ones, that all feel and know to be bad, are not denounced and true principles proclaimed?

I said but little about the tax and currency question In Milledgeville, because money at best, in my estimation, is but trash. Greater and more vital interests were in jeopardy.

Now I am done with all these matters with you. I wished to put myself right with you on certain points. I hope I have done so. Hereafter I will write on other matters. I do not know yet when I can get to see you. It still continues to rain, and I cannot get my corn in the ground. I must see after that before I can leave home. But I must add, in conclusion, that you are, I think, mistaken in supposing that the late movement in Georgia was started with any view toward the organization of a party against Mr. Davis or his Administration. I know all about that movement, if allusion is made to Governor Brown's message. I advised it from stem to stern and approve it. I don't mean the language, but the policy and the course taken, and I know I had no such object, thought of none such, nor dreamed of any such. It is the proclamation and vindication of great essential truths that I desired to see set forth at the right time and on a proper occasion. But again enough.

What I written to you is with that freedom and frankness I always use in writing to one who holds such high place in my esteem, andl so consider it and appreciate it. Let me hear from you when you have leisure to write, and as we cannot agree on these great questions let us entertain ourselves on other topics.

Yours, truly,

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 83.
 Richmond, April 9, 1864.

* * * *

XXIX. Paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 81, current series, is hereby revoked, and the appointment of Major C. J. Harris as major and enrolling officer in the Provisional Army, Confederate States, not having been confirmed by the Senate at its last session, and he thereby ceasing to be an officer, Colonel William M. Browne, aide-de-camp, is temporarily assigned to the duty of commandant of conscripts for the State of Georgia, and will forthwith proceed to assume the duties thereof under instructions from the Bureau of Conscription.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 10, 1864. -For Forrest to Polk, in relation to raising troops in West Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 769.]

