
large profit. The Government should promptly do one of two things-either have burnt every pound of cotton in this region indicated, or make some arrangement to convert it into such articles as the Government needs or the money. I have not written a letter or received one from any person in Vicksburg, or anywhere else in the Yankee lines, since the fall of Vicksburg, and unless upon matters of interest for the Government and appertaining to my official duty do I expect to communicate; nor have I received an article from there. Our officers are overrun with applications for passports to go to the enemy's lines, and pickets annoyed and corrupted by their attempting to pass without passports. Since the commencement of the war I have not purchased any article to sell again, and do not intend to do so during the war. Under the above state of facts it is important that the Government should act promptly on the cotton and trading question, and also on the passport question.

Not being known to Mr. Memminger, I address this to you, and if upon consultation it is deemed advisable to procure mules, cast-steel, shoe thread, trace chains, &amp;c., and numerous other articles, by exchange for this cotton, I think I can accomplish it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. PAXTON.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Ruffin, Commissary Department.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, April 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The narration of the within writer discloses nothing new to me. I have heard it all before, and more than once. Part of it has been caused by the Federal occupancy of the territory in question; but much of it was to have been anticipated as the inevitable result of the Government policy and of Mr. Memminger's administration. Until both are changed I can see nothing better in the future than is presented by the past. Suppose the Government, as advised by Mr. Paxton, shall now become a party to these transactions, which once it might have directed, if not controlled, it will be necessary to get the cotton from Mr. Memminger. Can that be done? About the 20th January last I heard that there were 3,000 bales of cotton, more or less, at Tuscaloosa in bad condition, with ropes burst and bagging rotted, preyed upon by thieves and eaten by cows. I wanted at least a part of that cotton for an important contract. Mr. Memminger replied that he could not spare it; he wanted it himself; so I had to instruct my agent to buy cotton for his purposes. He had lately applied for funds for that purpose and I have none to send him. Under the state of facts evidenced by this and other similar cases I see no chance of getting the cotton except upon a change of policy. If the policy shall be changed, then I presume the trade will be carried on under Mr.

