
APPOMATTOX, VA., April 11, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The people of this county or already suffering much for corn, and unless something can be done to supply them to condition of things by the middle of May must be painful in the extreme. This is no pretense set up to accomplish a purpose, but is sober and lamentable reality. The county court has appointed two agents, viz, Mr. N. H. Hancock and Mr. T. H. Trent, with instructions to make immediate and earnest efforts to procure and send on corn for the use of the families of the soldiers. This will probably be handed you by Mr. Tenth, who will explain more fully the condition of our people and the views of the court. If the Confederate Government can directly or indirectly aid them in their undertaking it will perform a most laudable and meritorious service. It has been thought that by releasing for a short time a portion of the cars appropriated to the Government use it might effect the end desired. Of course I do not know the state of the Government supplies, and much must depend on that. But I beg leave again, in conclusion, earnestly to bespeak whatever aid can possibly and properly be rendered. The need, indeed, is urgent.

I remain, very truly, &amp;c.,

THE. S. BOCOCK.

[APRIL 11, 1864. -For Vance to Seddon, recommending suspension of conscript law in the mountain counties of North Carolina, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 324.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85.
 Richmond, April 12, 1864.

* * * *

XXV. Colonel W. M. Browne, aide-de-camp, assigned to duty as commandant of conscripts for the State of Georgia, is empowered to relieve from conscript service in Georgia, subject to approval by the superintendent of Bureau of Conscription, such officers as he may deem incompetent or unnecessary to the service, promptly reporting his action, with the reasons therefor, to the Bureau of Conscription.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

April 12, 1864.

Major B. P. NOLAND,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Virginia, Richmond:

MAJOR: I beg leave to suggest to you, as the officer charged with the management of the system of exchange and barter for provisions, some considerations which I think may be found useful, and which may probably have occurred to your own mind. Whatever vigilance may be used by the military authorities, it will be found difficult to

