
better be framed, had it not? If you concur, will you draft such a one as you deem appropriate and consistent with this law?

J. A. S.

RICHMOND, April 12, 1864.

Major R. P. WALLER,

Quartermaster, Nassau, New Providence:

SIR: Inclosed is a list* of all the shipments of cotton made to Nassau since the commencement of your operations at that place, and on which Mr. Heyliger was authorized to draw for your benefit. Recently they have not been large, some of the cotton shipped on account of this department having gone direct to Liverpool. What they will be in future it is impossible to tell, as the recent legislation of Congress and the regulations announced by the War and Treasury Departments in execution thereof have yet to be tested. This and other uncertainties of a similar character have prevented this department giving you any definite response to your repeated inquiries respecting the stability of your position at Nasspect for funds. Nor is it practicable for me to say now how long the services f a purchasing agent may be required at Nassau or to what extent and in what manner the funds he may require will be provided. I can only state that as you are now there, and in your past transactions have made your purchases and shipments in a manner satisfactory to the department, you will be expected to remain as long as the presence of any officer may be deemed necessary at Nassau, and, moreover, that no effort will be spared to meet your expenditures. Nassau, it is true, was resorted to in the first instance to relieve the pressing demands of the winter now closed; but so many supplies have been attracted to that point, from which they can be promptly drawn and at prices but little in excess of European rates, that the prospect is it will continue to be availed of.

I have just written to Mr. Heyliger to see if he has ever received a report of sales of cotton from Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co. It has been drawn for at an average of 25 pounds bale, which appears low. I hope there may be a surplus available for you in the future. Your last report shows an indebtedness of several thousand pounds sterling. Still I must look to you to continue your purchases as best you can. It occur to me that you can operate to advantage in this way: It is understood that vessels that bring in supplies under contract for the Government will be allowed to carry out cotton delivered in payment, dependent on the restrictions recently imposed. Such cotton has been expended heretofore at the rate of 10d per pound in exchange for supplies taken at prime cost, with 75 cent. added for profit and risk and freight from Bermuda or Nassau at the rate of 25 pounds per ton. To facilitate purchases you might assume the risk and take the supplies at a fair market price, and freight payable, as stated, at Wilmington. In every such transaction you must make a special report and furnish the party with a certificate showing the amount of cottt for each shipment. On presentation of that at this office I will provide for the delivery of the cotton at Wilmington.

You will suspend for the present the shipment, or rather purchase, of blankets, and forward as largely as you can shoes and woolen cloths, taking care to secure a good article of each. Shoes especially

---------------

*Accidentally omitted; see letter of April 28, p. 351.

---------------

