
will be much needed during the spring and summer months. Do not, however, let any of your operations interfere with the provision you were instructed to make in favor of Mr. Sharp, as it is of the utmost importance that the machinery he goes for shall be received. After that give the preference to shoes, as the demand for them during the campaigning months will be heavy. You are authorized to purchase to any extent you may be able the necessary articles in advance of the receipt of cotton or funds. You may rely upon receiving one or the other at no distant day.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE, FOURTH DISTRICT VIRGINIA,

Dublin, April 12, 1864.

Major B. P. NOLAND,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Virginia, Richmond:

MAJOR: Yours of the 7th reached me yesterday. In accordance with last paragraph I immediately telegraphed Captains Wade, Shields, and Venable to hold all breadstuffs and bacon now on hand, collect as rapidly as possible, and hold subject to my order, and to inform me at once the stock on hand. I inclose their replies, which please return me. In yours of April 1 you informed me that "Major King will be directed to turn over to you all subsistence under his control except at his depot, and confine himself hereafter to issuing to troops supplies received from your department, at the post commissaries. "

Mr. Glendy, my principal cattle agent, has just returned from Monroe and reports that there are parties purchasing cattle there for Mr. Ludington, who purports to be the agent for Major King (and I have no doubt is), under the authority of Major-General Breckinridge. Mr. Glendy says there are some 425 head of cattle held over by Major King from last year, and some six men employed to attend to them, as he was informed, and these men are also engaged purchasing for Mr. Ludington, the agent of Major King. He has purchased about 400 poor cattle, agreeing to pay for them the maximum of the old schedule, in some cases paying 30 cents, paying no attention to the scale of prices. I have engaged the services of a valuable man in Monroe, as agent of that county. I hope he will not be interfered with. My agents can purchase the entire stock of the district in a few weeks if started out at unlimited prices. The question is, major, has Major King, with or without the authority of General Breckinridge or myself, the management of purchases of stock in this district? He cannot put it on the ground of an urgent necessity, because if such really did exist the stock now being purchased cannot be ready for slaughter before August-should not be before October. Some months ago a question was submitted to you from the Commissary-General which you referred to me, if King was paying too much for grazing. The question I believe was submitted by King himself. I saw then that he was but paving the way for this operations, which is but the renewal of last year's business, and then felt confident that Ludington, the contractor of last year, would again be engaged in the business. I have seen to-day a copy of the Richmond Enquirer, which contains the new schedule, showing an advance in price. These purchases were made under the schedule of $16, $18, and $20. I am very

19 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

