
for the use of all the troops in the field. When I learned that you had purchased the steamer Advance I did not wait for an application, but at one directed the agent at Wilmington to exempt her from the requirements made of all other steamers. The Don and Hansa are upon a different footing. They are already engaged in carrying out one-third of cargo for account of the Government., The owners made overtures to you in order to be relieved from what they regarded as an onerous obligation. When advised of these facts I do not think you will insist on thus relieving them by your contract from their engagements with the Government-engagements they were actively executing at the time you entered into contract with them.

If for special temporary purposes connected with your supplies at Bermuda you wish the exemption of the Hansa and Don for present trip, or indeed longer time, I shall give orders to meet your wishes. I am sure that you will agree with me that, as general thing, it will be better for the Confederate Government to send out cotton to procure supplies for our armies than for the individual States to undertake the matter. Some States have no ports, others are within the occupation of the enemy. The troops from such States must be supplied by the Confederate Government only. If each State undertakes the export of cotton and the import of all supplies necessary, we shall have great jealously among the troops from the different States and great embarrassment in questions connected with railroad transportation. There can be objection to a State exerting every effort for the comfort and well-being of its soldiers and people, but such efforts should be outside of and not interfere with those of the Confederate Government for the comfort and well-being of the whole Army and country.

I will, on this full representation of the considerations that control the Department, leave it entirely to you own judgment and patriotism to determine whether any and what allowance should bed made the Government of the last cargoes of the Hansa and Don, but trust that upon their return you will consent to have them resume their place in carrying out one-third for the Government, and will so advise me on the receipt of this.

I ought, in addition, to intimate to you that General Whiting, from some correspondence he has seen with Mr. Andrea, has formed unfavorable opinions as to his interest in our cause and the purely selfish ends at which he is aiming.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 15, 1864.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I have received from your honorable body, through the hands of your secretary, a copy of the report and resolution adopted by you in executive session on the 9th instant.

The resolution is in the following words:

Resolved, That the Senate do advise and consent to the appointment of the military officers nominated in the four several messages of the President dated on the 8th instant, all of whom are from States west of the Mississippi River, for the reasons stated in the foregoing report; and that the action of the Senate herein is not to do construed as sanctioning or recognizing the right of the Executive, in

