
much in want of impressment powers for my agents. I am in hopes they will be here by to-day's mail. Every day's delay will be felt. The details have not yet reached me or my agents. Some of the last detail I am in hopes will not be renewed after June, if it is possible to secure competent men in their place.

I have seen General Breckinridge on the subject of Major King's purchasing though Ludington. He says he authorized it and has asked for the permission from Richmond. He desires, he says, to secure for his department provisions which will not b forwarded to other commands. He is simply looking out for his own troops by making purchases through his own commissary and agents. I inclose Captain Wade's requisition for funds, approved. I have none as yet, though I have received notice of a small amount, $50,000 being transferred to me.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH CLOYD,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Fourth District.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COM. OF SUBSISTENCE FOR VIRGINIA,

Richmond, April 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Subsistence, with request that orders be sent to Major King to turn over all cattle and other articles of subsistence in his hands except amount at his depot, not exceeding thirty days' supply for General Breckinridge's command, to Major Cloyd, chief commissary Fourth District.

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary for Virginia.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 28, 1864.

Captain RIELY:

The Adjutant and Inspector General thinks this matter has been already settled by the Secretary of War, to whom the question presented on other papers was referred.

H. L. C.

File.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, April 15, 1863.

SIR: It is determined to establish as soon as possible a thorough system in the collection of supplies that can be inaugurate at an early day, by which competition between the commissaries and agents of this Bureau and the army commissaries and all other Government agents will be entirely prevented. This system, briefly shadowed forth, is as follows:

A chief purchasing commissary of this Bureau will be selected for each State in the Confederacy, who will divide his State into districts (say some four or five, with a chief purchasing commissary or agent selected for each district, whose duties shall correspond in his district with the duties of the chief commissary in the State, these districts to be subdivided and sub-commissaries or agents selected for each subdivision) who will control and direct all purchases and business done by these district commissaries or agents and through them their

