
such chief State commissary of this Bureau as may be indicated by the Commissary-General, giving notice of requirements ahead of his actual wants and the points at which his supplies will be needed. And whenever the commissaries in one State or district need supplies which cannot be obtained in their State or district, they will draw them from the most convenient commissaries or agents from points in other States or districts. It may very frequently occur that some articles of subsistence ought not to be purchased in some States or districts because of very high prices. Whenever this occurs the same rule will prevail.

It is impossible to give in a circular all the detailed directions which might be desired; much must of necessity be left to your discretion and judgment, but enough has been said to let you understand the system that is to be inaugurated, and great reliance is placed upon your judgment and energy in establishing it at an early day.

Very respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence, C. S. Army.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, April 13, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave again to call your attention most earnestly to the discrimination against this branch of the public service in the matter of furnishing funds. It has become my duty on several occasions before to refer to the effect of making so many requisitions for funds 'special," and to the fact that the Quartermaster's Department was not furnished by the Treasury at all in the proportions contemplated by the appropriations made by Congress. As all public funds were turned in by disbursing officers previous to 1st of April, the warrants signed since that date afford a prompt illustration of this continued injustice. The appropriations to this department alone amount to a larger sum than all the other bureaus of the War Department combined, and it is but fair to ask that at least one-half of the warrants signed should be in its favor; otherwise Congress has is conceived its duties in so apportioning the appropriations. I am informed that the warrants signed at the Treasury for the bureaus of the War Department from the 1st to the 12th of April, inclusive, amount to $5,144,575, of which only the sum of $410,000 were for this department, though the sum of $13,460,000 had been requested. I am unable to perform the duties assigned me or to keep in operation the immense machinery of this department if this discrimination is persisted in. I respectfully ask that the Secretary of the Treasury be requested (when all amounts required cannot be furnished) to sign the warrants for each bureau within the month in proportion to the appropriation made by Congress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

