
[Indorsement.]

APRIL 15, 1864.

I will see the Secretary of the Treasury, and, besides, have an eye to the requisitions, with a view to more equal distribution.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., April 13, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your dispatch of the 7th received and referred to the Secretary of War, who replies that the Department considers that companies may be at once formed of all men who have been enrolled under General Orders, Numbers 33, and that to hasten enrollments rendezvous may be appointed at any time within the thirty days allowed by the law, but that the privilege of entering the reserve organizations will be lost by failure to enroll for thirty days after the publication of the order in each district.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
Richmond, April 13, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a communication from the Chief or Ordnance, to which I invite your special attention and beg that you will favor me at an early day with your views.

A serious difficulty not mentioned by this report will soon arise-indeed is now felt-in regard to our field artillery. The supply of horses on the present extended scale cannot possibly be kept up, and were the supply sufficient they cannot be foraged without endangering the subsistence of the troops.

Will you indicate what should, in your opinion, be the provision of field artillery in an organized army?

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, ----, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I beg to call your attention to the very large proportion of artillery now in the armies in the field.

The number of pieces is as follow: General Lee's army (not including battalion of Washington Artillery at Petersburg), 197, of which about one-half are rifles, including eight 20-pounder Parrotts and one 2-pounder Whitworth; General Longstreet's corps, 27, of which fourteen are rifles, including two 20-pounder Parrotts; General Johnston's army, 123, of which about one-fifth are rifled pieces; General Polk's corps, 24, of which sixteen are Napoleon guns and three rifles.

I respectfully submit that a maximum be fixed for the artillery, not to exceed five pieces for each brigade of infantry.

