
Three pieces for every 1,000 men, for a full organization, is the largest allowance of modern equipment. It is possible, however, that as the organizations recede from their maximum of strength it no longer becomes a safe rule to apportion the artillery exactly by the strength present.

I propose, therefore, to apportion it by brigades or by regiments, and as our brigades are generally composed of five regiments and scarcely exceed 2,500 men now, and are more probably reduced to 1,500, five guns to a brigade would be an ample allowance. Of these one might be reserve.

The equipment of so much artillery overtaxes our means and necessarily renders the equipment of the whole less complete than it would be if reduced to moderate limits.

By the rule suggested, allowing twenty pieces to the division of cavalry, as at present (quite too much), the artillery of General Lee would be reduced to about 170, including Eshleman at Petersburg, instead of 213. Besides, an increase of thirty pieces has been asked and is preparing under the requisition of General Pendleton, approved by General Lee.

I earnestly invited your attention to the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 31st ultimo,* and am pleased to hear that it is not your desire to interfere with the execution of the conscript law through the regular administration of the Bureau here, but that you seek only that the military police of your department shall be administered by yourself. To this, of curse, no objecrtained. the Conscript Bureau may, indeed, give, as it has been directed to do, valuable aid in returning or notifying the presence of deserters and stragglers to the commanding general; but he certainly has the power and is at liberty to employ any portion of his command in the arrest of deserters and stragglers. No special organization for such purpose can or ought, however, to be formed by him which shall be composed of conscripts,, or which will prevent the regular organization under the terms of the late law of the local reserve forces. When such reserves shall have been, as they are now being, enrolled and organized, companies of them, to such extent as may be necessary, are liable to be called out under the authority of the President, to be assigned to such duties.

It is the contemplation of the President to assign for each State some officer of rank, at least of brigadier-general, who shall be charged with the duty of organizing the local reserves and directing the calls for their services when needed. Such officer within the limits of your department will probably be placed by the President under your general direction, and through him the companies of local reserves can doubtless be commanded by you for police purposes.

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 723.

---------------

