
shoes and cloths, are greatly needed. The pressure for blankets has ceased for the present. If arrangements cannot be made to ship the articles wanted at a very early day direct to Wilmington from

Bermuda, I have to request that you will immediately forward the same to Nassau, from which point there is no difficulty in securing freight room. You can do the to any other supplies belonging to this department that may hereafter reach Bermuda, where they are likely are fair facilities for reshipping to Nassau, and I presume the charges are moderate between that point and Bermuda.

Your duplicate accounts (vouchers withheld) forwarded by the City of Petersburg have been received. They show that over 5,600 pounds has been drawn for by you against the funds of this department. Please write at an early day and explain the nature of some of the disbursements. But one lot supplies, some 1,500 pair shoes, have been received through you from Bermuda. The draft in favor of Williamson was given at a time when this department had no funds abroad, and it was not intended that the Ordnance Bureau should be reimbursed in sterling. The Secretary of War, in fact, had directed the amount to be paid here. These items, with the freight charges on 65 B. C., are the only ones about which this department knows anything. The pay of signal officers at Bermuda is hardly chargeable to this department, especially as at that point next to nothing in the way of quartermaster's stores has been received. These explanations are, of course, only desired with a view to adjusting these expenditures as between the bureaus chargeable.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

P. S. -Reshipments to Nassau will not, of course, be desirable at any time when the vessels engaged in the trade may be diverted to Bermuda, by reason of the establishment of quarantine as to such as come from Nassau.

RICHMOND, April 13, 1864.

COLIN J. MCRAE,

Financial Agent Confederate States, Paris:

SIR: Yours of 25th December advising me that you had advanced 50,000 pounds to Major Ferguson has been received. I am gratified to see from the contents of this letter, as also from one addressed to the Secretary of War, that you are fairly impressed with the importance of responding liberally to the wants of this branch of the service. Until recently it has drawn nothing from abroad, and its losses by capture have been so heavy during this winter that it still requires, I can assure you, all the aid that can be extended.

The demand for shoes will soon be greater than ever, when our armies resume active operations, and the limited quantity of wool in this region of country compels me to look abroad for material for clothing. The only relief that spring brings is int he item of blankets, and even these will have to be accumulated during the summer and fall for next winter's use. I regret, therefore, that Major Ferguson was disappointed in the receipt of 25,000 pounds, for which a draft was remitted, but at the same time I feel confident that you will continue to aid him, as you have done in the past, to the full extent of your power.

