
To meet the indebtedness of Major Waller at Nassau I was compelled, with the sanction of the Secretary of War, to appeal to you for assistance. The Commissary, Ordnance, and Mining and niter of freight awaiting shipment at Bermuda, so they would appear to need shipping facilities rather than funds to purchase supplies. The supplies of this department have been drawn through Nassau, where no delay has been encountered. There is nothing there awaiting shipment, but, on the contrary, an indebtedness of nearly 10,000 pounds for stores long since forwarded.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42.
 Richmond, April 14, 1864.

I. At the end of each month monthly inspection reports, in accordance with forms last furnished, will be forwarded to this office from the headquarters of the different Confederate States armies. These reports to embrace all troops, of all arms, serving with each army. The cover of all documents relating to inspection duties will be marked on the upper left-hand corner, "Inspecting Department. "

II. To secure more full and complete information to this department, army inspectors will forward, with their own reports, those of corps, division, and brigade inspectors, indorsing the latter with such remarks as will indicate changes which have occurred since previous reports, or give a more clear and full idea of the condition of the Army and the relative efficiency of its different organizations and commanders.

III. Thorough inspections, under arms, of all troops of the armies will be made by the inspectors of the different commands with which they are respectively serving, as follows: Tri-monthly of brigades, semi-monthly of divisions, and monthly of corps. Inspectors at army headquarters will inspect monthly so much of the army as their other duties will permit, stating in their reports the extent of such personal inspections. To avoid harassing the troops by too frequent inspections, the ranking inspectors will inspect, when practicable, at the same time with the subordinate inspectors and at the stated periods of their inspections. At all inspections the ranking inspector will be accompanied and assisted by his subordinates of the commands inspected-for example, the corps inspector by the inspectors of the division and of the brigade to be inspected.

IV. The requisite inspection blanks will be furnished from this office upon timely requisitions, the receipt of which will be acknowledged by army inspectors, who will look to their proper distribution.

V. The commander of each army will have a report of all inspectors serving with it forwarded to this office, giving their names in full, their rank, and the command with which they are serving.

VI. The following is substituted for paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 35, current series, which is hereby revoked: Officers of the Conscription Bureau will send to the general commanding the army of department in which the commands captured last served such officers and men belonging to them as have themselves escaped capture. The general commanding will assign them temporarily to depleted organizations, or such other duty as he may direct.

VII. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 86, 1863, is modified to this extent: The minimum number prescribed by law for a company of

