
infantry is sixty-four privates; for a company of cavalry, sixty privates.

VIII. Soldiers over the age of forty-five years will be discharged from service in the Army at the expiration of their present term of enlistment. Those under eighteen years will also be discharged in like manner when the enlistment expires, unless they are at that time liable to conscription.

IX. Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 34, and paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 37, 1864, are thus modified: Medical examining boards will forward the original applications of officers (who desire to be retired under the act to provide an invalid corps) and their certificates to the general commanding the army or department to which the officers belong. The general commanding will forward them, with an indorsement of his opinion in each case, through the Surgeon-General to the Adjutant and Inspector General. Certificates of retirement of officers will be issued only from this office.

X. All authorities heretofore given to raise troops, or to recruit for any particular command, are hereby revoked.

XI. The ordnance depot at Savannah (heretofore regarded as a field depot, and under the command of the district commander), having assumed the proportions of an arsenal, will hereafter be designated as the "Savannah Arsenal," and, like other arsenals, will be subject to the supervision of the Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, to whom its commanding officer will report directly.

XII. Officers to whom soldiers on detached or detailed duty report will take possession of their descriptive lists, and, in accordance with instructions thereon given, will prepare and certify t the muster-rolls, upon which they receive the pay due them. Payments will be made such soldiers, when in the field, at the end of every two months; when at posts, at the end of each month. Upon these rolls annual settlements of clothing accounts may be made with soldiers on detailed duty at posts.

XIII. To prevent their detention on their way home, soldiers leaving the Army on furlough of indulgence will, instead of being furnished with descriptive lists, be paid at their commands to the close of the month preceding the dates of their furloughs, upon detached rolls, signed by their company commanders.

XIV. Sick or wounded men sent to hospitals will be paid as heretofore, upon hospital muster and pay rolls. Those who, on account of wounds or ill-health, are permitted to go to their homes may be paid upon descriptive lists by the nearest quartermaster or assistant quartermaster.

XV. When soldiers are ordered to rejoin their commands, officers with whom they have been on duty, surgeons in charge of hospitals of which they have been inmates, and quartermasters and assistant quartermasters paying those sick and wounded at home will (after carefully noting upon their descriptive lists payments made to them) return such soldiers their descriptive lists, to be delivered to their company commander, and will also transmit, through the general commanding the army to which they belong, duplicates of the same to the latter.

XVI. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to provide compensation for officers who may heretofore have performed staff duty under orders of their superior officers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That when any officer or private of any legally constituted military organization may have heretofore,

