
by order of his proper superior officer, performance any staff duty appropriate to such command, he shall be entitled to receive for the time he was so engaged in the discharge of such duties: Provided, That there was not then present fit for duty any officer duly appointment for the discharge of the same.

Approved February 11, 1864.

AN ACT to provide tobacco for the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there shall be furnished to every enlisted man in the service of the Confederate States one ration of tobacco, under such regulations as the Secretary of War may establish.

Approve February 17, 1864.

XVII. The Commissary Department will carry out the provisions of the above act in providing and issuing tobacco to enlisted men. The ration is fixed at three-quarters of a pound per month.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87.
 Richmond, April 14, 1864.

* * * *

II. Col W. H. Fowler being commissioned as superintendent of army records for the State of Alabama and as agent to adjust the claims of deceased soldiers from that State, commanding offices of the armies in which Alabama troops may be serving are requested to afford to him such facilities in the discharge of his duties (as set forth in the subjoined circular) as may not conflict with the interests of the service.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF ARMY RECORDS, STATE OF ALABAMA,
January 25, 1864.

THE OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS AND OTHERS INTERESTED HEREIN FROM THE STATE OF ALABAMA:

The Legislature of Alabama at its recent session instructed the Governor to appoint a superintendent of army records to ascertain the names, rank, organizations, and facts concerning troops from the State that have been or may hereafter be mustered into the service of the Confederate States, that he same may be compiled into an historical record, to be preserved in the archives of the State, for the benefit and satisfaction of the living, as a grateful tribute to the memory of the dead, and as a welcome presentation to our posterity, who, in freedom hereafter, will proudly hail this glorious roll of the patriot sons of Alabama.

I am engaged in this work; but the difficulties in my way are serious, owing to the delay in its commencement, the sad want of systematic records, the imperfect returns to the War Department, the loss of rolls, and the numerous changes and vicissitudes of organizations. The work is, however, eminently worthy to be attempted, and the purpose of the Legislature in ordering it is highly commendable. I therefore earnestly request all officers and soldiers from the State, the relatives and friends of those who have died or fallen in the field, and all parties interest herein to aid me promptly and vigorously in obtaining the information required.

It is very desirable that allcers of companies, battalions, regiments, and batteries from Alabama shall forward to me forthwith complete lists from the beginning, in the nature of muster-rolls, of the men and officers of their respective commands, showing the name, rank, age description, residence, place, date, and term of enlistment; when, where, and how service terminated; meritorious facts [acts] of individuals or organizations; alterations and changes in commands or officers; notes of such as have been wounded, captured, died from disease, or killed, and when and where; promotions, resignations, discharges, transfers, permanent desertions, and such succinct narrative of organization, service, marches, battles, incidents, &amp;c., as may be essential for perfect record; and of organizations that have been merged into others or broken up from any cause. I will be glad to receive information from any source that will facilitate investigation.

