
tion of these regulations, and the eleventh section of the act furnished a remedy to every citizen aggrieved. In the report from this Department which has been submitted to Congress, a copy of which is sent to Your Excellency with this letter, you will find a statement of the difficulties under which the Government labors in providing for the subsistence of the Army, and how much of the evils complained of is the result of inexorable necessity. * The Department has heretofore, and will in the future exert itself to confine these evils within the exact limits of that necessity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INST. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 2. Richmond, January 5, 1864.

For the information of all concerned, and to correct prevalent misapprehension, it is announced that there exists no mandatory provision of law securing to enrolled conscripts the right to choose in what company or regiment they serve. They cannot be assigned to companies from other State, and in general their wishes are to be consulted as the choice of companies, where no considerations for the good of the service intervene to prevent compliance. Assignments once made by commandants of conscripts is good faith, in the exercise of their discretion, will not be considered as fit subject for complaints.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

AN ACT to continue in force an act entitled "An act to provide for the compensation of certain persons therein named," approved May the first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act entitled "An act to provide for the compensation of certain persons therein named "approved May the first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, which, by its own limitation, would expire on the first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be and the same is hereby, continued in force until the first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.

Approved January 6, 1864.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, January 6, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Unless the planting interest in the South can be carried on successfully the armies of the Confederacy cannot be supported. Without iron the planting interests cannot be profitably carried on.

---------------

* See VOL. II, this series, p. 990.

---------------

