
nominating officers to the Senate, to fix the time at which they shall take rank anterior to the preceding session of Congress, or at any time during such session.

By the first four lines of the resolution I am informed that the Senate acknowledge the legality and concur in the propriety of my action in regard to these nominations, by their advising and consenting to the appointment as proposed. This is the whole action usually taken on nominations, and seems to exhaust the authority over appointments vested in the Senate by the Constitution.

The reservation, however, in the present instance, that the Senate is not to be considered as sanctioning or recognizing the right of the Executive to do in the future what the Senate have approved of his doing in the cases before them, as explained in the report to which the resolution refers, imposes on me the necessity of this communication.

On referring to that report I confess to my surprise at finding myself apparently charged with a violation of the Constitution, although no foundation exists for the implication conveyed in the report. I feel sure, therefore, their neither the committee nor the Senate could have intended or sanctioned such a charge; but I could not in justice to myself fail to call your attention to the language employed. It is as follows:

---------------

* * * The only difficulty presented to the committee is, that the date at which the officers nominated are to take is anterior to the last session of Congress.

The committee are of opinion that the Constitution contemplates that all officers appointed in the recess of Congress shall only hold under such appointment to the close of the next session of Congress, and that they should be renominated, if it is intended to retain them in their officer, to the Senate at its first session after their appointment. This has not been done it this case.

---------------

The Senate cannot but agree with me that the plain inference from these passage is that the Constitution has been violated by my having appointed these officers during the recess and retained them in office without nominating them to the Senate at its next session. It has thus become incumbent on me (while satisfied that neither the committee nor the Senate could have intended to make such an accusation) to repel any inference that might hereafter he drawn from my silence on the subject, by stating that not only had no appointments of these officers been made prior to the nominations on which the Senate has just acted, but that the fact of the necessity for the appointments only reached the Executive since the commencement of your present session, by communication received last month from the Trans-Mississippi Department.

Upon the point suggested in the close of the resolution, that the Executive is without the right to make a nomination to a military grade, coupled with rank from a date prior to a former session of the Senate, it is not deemed proper to anticipate any future disagreement with the Senate by presenting reasons for the opposite conclusion as being the only one consistent with the laws for the regulation of the Army, s well sa with long-settled usage and the necessities of the service.

When the occasion shall arise I cannot that the Senate will, notwithstanding this resolution, refuse to abandon its own constitutional power to act on nominations at its pleasure, according to the merits of each case and the good of the service. I am confirmed in this conclusion by observing that the resolution was passed without a call for the years and nays, and therefore with probably less than the usual consideration, as well as by further reflection that as Executive nominations which meet the disapproval of the Senate on any ground

