
I also request all commanders of companies to send me full descriptive lists of their dead, to aid me in the performance of other important duties with which I am charge din settling claims of deceased soldiers.

Surgeons and chaplains can assist me materially by furnishing such memoranda as they can procure of Alabama troops, deaths in hospitals, &amp;c.

Names and facts sent to me by the relatives or intimate friends of deceased soldiers will be very valuable.

It is my intention to visit our various organizations personally; but this may be impossible in many instances, and will consume much time, so that I again urge commanders to assist me by the prompt preparation and remittance of the lists above described. Such record as is designed is due to our soldiers-will be serviceable to them, to their representatives, and to the State, and I confidently expect the cordial aid indicated above.

Let each Alabamian into whose hands this circular may fall consider himself as personally addressed, and set about immediately to forward the matter presented, and I also request every officer of all grades and branches of the service from our State to send me his address (autographic), rank, location, &c., for preservation, reference, and correspondence when necessary.

Address:

W. H. FOWLER,

Colonel, Richmond, Va.

III. Colonel W. H. Fowler, agent for the State of Alabama for records, &c., will be allowed by commissaries of subsistence to purchase such rations as an officer of his grade in the field is entitled to. He will be afforded transportation to the various armies in the field in the discharge of his duties as State agent.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
Richmond, April 14, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have just addressed, this date, to the Commissary General a note, of which the following is a copy:

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
Richmond, April 14, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that it is the desire of the President that the present arrangement of paying toll, in grain, to the mills for grinding our meal or flour in the Department of Henrico be discontinued immediately; and that the whole of the supplies received shall be devoted to the use of the troops.

This has become a military necessity and admits of no delay in its execution.

This note is addressed you as immediate information. An appropriate order as your authority will be issued to you from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

I respectfully request that you cause the appropriate order to issue immediately to the Commissary-General so as to arrest at once the operation of the arrangement which the President desires to have terminated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

