
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Tallahassee, April 14, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

DEAR SIR: I received from you by telegraph the following communication:

MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., April 13, 1864.

The Confederate Government refuses to permit the States to export their own products upon their own ships, unless they will allow that Government to occupy half the room of the vessel. Will you unite with me and other Governors in asking Congress when it assembles to remove the restriction?

I promised by telegraph a reply by letter. Most respectfully I decline to unite with you and other Governors in asking Congress to legislate upon the subject. I am not sensible of the political propriety of the Governor of a State, or the Governors of States, asking Congress to legislate upon that or any other subject. My judgment does not approve of any direct attempt by persuasion or otherwise to be made by the Governor of a State, or the Governors of States, to influence the legislation of Congress. Whenever the acts of Congress shall be considered injurious to any one of the States, or Congress shall fail to legislate wisely upon subjects intrusted by the Constitution of the Confederate States to its legislation, exclusive of the right of legislation by the States severally, joint resolutions by the General Assembly, approved by the Governor of one State [or more States], instructing the Senators and Representatives of the State in Congress, seem to me to be more consistent with the sovereignty and dignity of the State; more probable to command respect, and better adapted to the government of the State as well as the Government of the Confederate States.

It is true that Congress is expected to be in session prior to the General Assembly of this State, or of Georgia, but is it not prudent to defer any anticipated benefit from the legislation which you would suggest, rather than unauthorized by any precedent in a matter of doubtful political propriety to attempt, as you propose, to influence the legislation of Congress? Permit me in candor to say, and most respectfully, that I am not convinced of the necessity of any further legislation of Congress upon the st of Congress, approved February 6, 1864, and the regulations to carry it into effect, approved March 5, by the Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of War, and the President of the Confederate States, impose no restrictions "upon the Confederate States, or any one of them, from exporting any of the articles enumerated in the act on their own account, nor is a bond required of the State in any case. "

I apprehend that if each of the States should undertake to supply the wants of their citizens respectively, whether in military service or at home, the result would be alike disastrous to the Confederate States and the several States.

The Government of the Confederate States has better recognized advantages and superior facilities to provide for the armies in service than any one of the States, and to supply the wants of citizens not connected with the Army, if their necessities can only be supplied by traffic with the citizens of foreign nations, it is better to rely upon individual enterprise than upon the respective State authorities.

Might not attempt on the part of the States, separately, to relieve the necessities of the armies and citizens by trade with citizens of

