
foreign nations destroy the confidence and respect which those nations entertain for the ability of the Confederate States as belligerents under a government of their own choice; embarrass Congress under the obligations imposed by the Constitution "to provide for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States; " cause our armies and citizens to suffer, and endanger the stability of the Confederate Government, if not entirely destroy it, by a separation of the States?

The safety of the people and preservation of their rights under the Government of free, sovereign, and independent States, confederated for mutual protection, demand the utmost confidence and generous support of the State governments to the maintenance of the Confederate Gon of sacred trusts which have been confided to it. It is best, therefore, where it can be honorably done, to avoid all conflicts and competition between the State and Confederate authorities for political power, or commercial privileges, at all events during the existing war. When the independence of the Confederate States shall have been achieved and recognized by other powers, and the din of war shall have ceased, the rights of the States and the constitutional powers of the Confederate Government will be adjusted by an intelligent, brave, and free people, to secure the enjoyment of civil liberty to themselves and their posterity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1864.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER,

Lloyds Post-Office, Essex County, VA.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have your note of the 11th with its inclosures. *

I have not been unmindful of the necessity for prompt action in the matter to which you refer, and have made attempts to engage for the service in Canada several gentlemen deemed competent, but they have declined for various reasons. The subject is too delicate to permit my entering into details until I have the pleasure of seeing you. I confine myself to saying that two persons specially qualified are now on their way here from the south, and I have reason to hope they will depart on the duty intrusted to them in a few days. One of them, the general agent, is well known to you. I think our friend, whose letter you inclosed, ought not to expect any further action in his favor at present. You are aware that the business in which he is now engaged was not suggested by me, but was devised by himself as offering a provision which he represented as perfectly satisfactory. I understood that he would rely on his success for remuneration, and was so confident of the result as to declare distinctly that if this expenses were paid he would ask nothing more. A considerable sum has been spent in affording him the opportunity, and he now seems not to have proceeded beyond Halifax before indicting a doubt of success. I cannot appoint a consul there, as he could not get an exequatur, or commercial agent, as none is required; and do not see that anything further can now be done for him, although quite disposed to render him any proper service, as well as anxious to oblige you.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

