
I had previously heard of our soldiers who had sought refuge in Canada, after escaping from captivity, and have made provisions to aid their return to the Confederate States. Will you not be here before the meeting of Congress?

As ever, very truly, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CIRCULAR. CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, No. 16. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., April 15, 1864.

The circular issued from this Bureau on the 10th day of October, 1863, directing enrolling officers to "respect the certificates of agents authorized by the Secretary of the Navy, given to persons engaged in the construction of ships, gun-boats, engines, sails, or other articles necessary to the public defense under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy," is hereby revoked, and in future no such certificate will be respected. Hereafter details for such service will be governed by the regulations pertaining to details for service in the other departments.

By order of Colonel Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, No. 17. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., April 15, 1864.

Persons detailed for bureau service in accordance with special instructions from the War Department should not be disturbed by the officers of conscription. The orders for the reduction of the details are addressed to the chiefs of the bureaus, and the reductions are to be made by them and under their directions. It is only when the details are terminated that the jurisdiction of this Bureau attaches to such persons so as to authorize their removal. Upon any such case coming to the knowledge of enrolling officers they should report the fact for action by the War Department, giving in full all the circumstances of the case that can be collected.

By order of Colonel Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 43. Richmond, April 16, 1864.

I. By the provisions of an act of Congress entitled "An act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the common defense," approved 17th of February, 1864, the exportation of cotton, tobacco, military and naval stores, sugar, molasses, and rice from the Confederate States, except under such uniform regulation as might be made by the President, was prohibited; and the President was authorized to employ any portion of the military and naval forces of the Confederacy in order to prevent the

20 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

