
VII. Information will be given from time to time from this Department to the commanding generals of the conditions on which transportation by land be made.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, April 16, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to express the hope that you will suspend, for the present at least, the enrollment and conscription of the State reserves in North Carolina from seventeen to eighteen and from forty-five to fifty years. Their enrollment now, with the present prospect of their being called to the field from their corps, causes the most general consternation and gloom. I have no hesitation in assuring you that the partial abstraction even of these men from their corps at any time between this and August would be followed by the most distressing consequences.

In addition to these considerations I beg leave to remind you that the authorities of this State would be left powerless, without the shadow of a militia organization to enforce obedience to law or respect. Having no second-class militia, as most of the States have, I presume it cannot be the intention of the Confederate Government to reduce a sovereign State to this dangerous and humiliating condition. Such a course would be utterly at war with the genius of our new Government and repugnant to all the professions of the Administration.

Our Legislature will convene again in the latter part of May, when I have no doubt steps will be taken to provide such a militia force as the exhaustion of the country will allow. Till that time I insist that you will leave the present organization untouched. In the meantime the Home Guards, now thoroughly organized and pretty well officered, are entirely at your service in case of emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Macon, April 17, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a copy of the order to Captain Ashcraft authorizing him to raise troops for State service. He has not been commissioned and will not until discharged from Confederate service. Can you inform me whether he has been discharged or has leave of absence?

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

