
[Inclosure No. 1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. STATE OF MISSISSIPPI, No. 25. ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Macon, December 24, 1863.

Captain T. C. Ashcraft is hereby authorized [provided the Confederate authorities will grant him a leave of absence for that purpose] to raise a regiment of cavalry for the State service, to serve for two years or the war. The regiment will consist of then companies, and each company will consist of not less than sixty-four men, exclusive of officers and non-commissioned officers. The company officers will be elected by the men, and hold their offices during the pleasure of the Governor. The field officers will be elected by the regiment, or nominated by the company officers and appointed by the Governor, as may be hereafter ordered.

By order of Charles Clark, Governor and commander-in-chief:

W. H. McCARDLE,
Colonel and Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. STATE OF MISSISSIPPI, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S No. 7. OFFICE, Macon, January 25, 1864.

I. As many mounted volunteers [not liable to conscription in the Confederate service] as may offer will be received and mustered into the State service, to serve during the war, unless sooner discharged by the Governor. All able-bodied men between the ages of sixteen and sixty years will be accepted. They will be received by companies. Full companies will consist of not less than seventy-seven men, officers included. Each company will have one captain and three lieutenants, to be elected by the men.

II. The companies will be organized into battalions and regiments, as may be hereafter ordered. Each regiment will have one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major, to be appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the company officers. Battalions of not less than five companies will be entitled to one major, and those of six or more companies to one lieutenant-colonel, and one major should the latter be deemed necessary; these officers to be appointed in the same manner as the field officers of regiments. Regiments, battalions, and companies will be subject to reorganization or consolidation.

III. All commissions will be held during the pleasure of the Governor, and will be revoked by him when he deems that the interest of the service requires it. Vacancies will be filled by promotion, appointment, or election, as the Governor may in each case determine.

IV. When full companies cannot be conveniently formed a less number will be received as follows: Twenty or more men or more, with two lieutenants, two sergeants, and two corporals. These fractions will be combined into companies as may be hereafter ordered, and until such combination be made the lieutenants will hold the rank of junior second where the fraction has but one, and of second and junior second lieutenants where there are two.

V. All men hereafter mustered into the State service will be allowed to remain at home until ordered to active duty, and when so ordered they will be entitled to receive a bounty of $50 [having previously been

