
inspected], and thereafter they will receive the same pay and allowances as the like troops in the Confederate service.

VI. The officers and men will furnish their own horses, which in all cases will be appraised and regularly mustered. The same compensation for the use and risk of horses and pay for them when killed will be made as is allowed in the Confederate armies.

VII. All pay and allowance to officers and men will cease while they are absent from duty, whether with or without leave, unless on leave upon a surgeon's certificate of absolute disability.

VIII. The power to remove all officers is retained by the Governor to enable him to hold them to a rigid accountability for the order, discipline, and good conduct of their men.

IX. The Regulations for the Army and the Rules and hed by the Confederate Government have been adopted by the Legislature of Mississippi for the government of the State forces. They will be rigidly enforced against all delinquents.

X. All companies accepted and mustered into service will, until ordered to the field, be assembled at least once a week for company drill.

Xi. The Confederate Government has agreed to furnish all the arms required, and they will be placed in the hands of the troops as rapidly as they can be assembled.

XII. From the number of companies already offered it is believed that a sufficient number of volunteers will be raised to aid the Confederate Government in effectually protecting the State, and thus obviate the necessity of a draft from the militia.

XIII. Any gentleman desiring to enter the State service is authorized to raise a company, under the restrictions and in compliance with the terms of this order.

By order of Charles Clark, Governor and commander-in-chief:

W. H. McCARDLE,

Colonel and Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, No. 18. WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., April 18, 1864.

In pursuance of instruction from the Secretary of War, commandants of conscripts will grant details until the 1st day of June, 1864, to all persons liable to conscription on the 10th day of April instant who are certified by the Quartermaster-General to be in the service of his department on the said 10th of April and necessary thereto.

By command of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 91. Richmond, April 19, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XXXVI. Joseph Jackson, Jr., having been commissioned by the Governor of Virginia as "recorder of Virginia forces" serving during

