
are always subject to rejection without assignment of reasons, experience will show that no advantage can arise from the Senate's curtailing its own discretion in future cases by binding its own judgment in advance.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ATLANTA, January 15, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

I am satisfied that I can raise a large and efficient force if the authority I have asked for to organize troops for the war from Senate Guard is granted. Rest assured it is the best policy. It is important that I receive an answer at once.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, January 15, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: We beg leave, in view of the condition of the military service as connected with the organization of our Kentucky troops, to make some suggestions which may render those troops more effective. At present they are dispersed in small bodies with the different armies in the west and southwest. The terms for service for which they engaged are drawing to a close. There does not exist amongst them any desire to abandon the cause in which they so heartily embarked; but there does exist a strong wish amongst the infantry to change the character of their service. It is an opinion, founded upon all the facts within our reach, that great benefit would result to the country by organizing these troops in a State organization, and in mounting them as far as it can be done. The following would be some of the results of such an organization:

First. It would gratify a natural desire existing among soldiers for a charge, and would go far toward satisfying their craving to see their homes; for next to the enjoyment of their own firesides would be the satisfaction of a camp home amongst their own exiled people.

Second. The concentration of the Kentuckians would be an inducement to call together at once from all parts of the Confederacy all stragglers and people from the State not yet attached to military organizations. It would also be inducement held out to Southern men yet remaining in Kentucky to enlist in the organization. The benefits resulting from such a concentration would, in our opinion, far outweigh the temptations held out to individuals to leave the ranks.

Third. The concentration of these troops in the vicinity of Kentucky in a position to act in concert with any general movement of our Western army would have a most beneficial result. We think by the opening of the spring campaign there could be assembled in East Tennessee, or such other position as may be deemed00 effective Kentuckians. Combining their movement with those of the main army, they could enter Kentucky. Most of them are veteran troops. Fighting as infantry, they would be numerous enough and sufficiently effective to drive before them any cavalry force likely to be sent against them. The result would be either that they would

