
the existing war, commanding officers of armies in which Virginia troops may be serving are requested to afford to him such facilities in the discharge of his duties as may not conflict with the interests of the service.

XXXVII. Joseph Jackson, Jr., "recorder of Virginia forces," will be allowed by commissaries of subsistence to purchase such rations as a colonel, Provisional Army, C. S., in the field is entitled to. He will be afforded transportation to the various armies in the field in the discharge of his duties as recorder, &amp;c.

XXXVIII. William B. Johnston, having been appointed by the General Assembly of South Carolina as agent for the collection and record, for deposit in the State archives, of the names of the gallant sons of South Carolina who have fallen in their country's defense, from whatever cause, commanding officers of armies in which South Carolina troops may be serving are requested to afford to him such facilities in the discharge of his duties as may not conflict with the interests of the service.

XXXIX. William B. Johnston, State agent of South Carolina for record of deceased soldiers, will be allowed by commissaries of subsistence to purchase such rations as a colonel, Provisional Army, C. S., in the field is entitled to. He will be allowed transportation to the various armies in the field in the discharge of his duties as State agent, &c.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES, Macon, April 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,
Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In accordance with directions from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, I have the honor to inform you that the regiments and battalions on the inclosed list herewith returned, with the exceptions of the First, Second, and Twenty-third Battalions, formed the late Georgia State Guard, and were mustered out of service on or about the 4th day of February, 1864, their term of enlistment having expired. The First and Second Battalions are accounted for on the list. The Twenty-third is composed of the employees at the Athens Armory, and has never formed a part of my command. Brigadier Gens. A. Iverson and H. R. Jackson served with me and reported through me to the Department on March 3, 1864, as my letter to you of that date will show. General Iverson has since been assigned to the command of a brigade of cavalry in the Army of Tennessee, and General Jackson was assigned to duty with my present command on April 6, 1864, by orders from your office.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding.

