
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Richmond, April 22, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the letter of General Bragg submitting to me by your direction an inquiry as to the legal status of certain general officers, to wit:

First. Those appointed under sixth section of the act "to provide for the public defense," approved 6th March, 1861, and the amendatory acts of 18th September and 6th October, 1862.

In relation to this class it is stated 'some have been left out of command by the great reduction of the rank and file, rendering a consolidation of brigades and divisions necessary; some by the breaking up and dispersion of their commands, as in the cases of the garrisons of New Orleans and Vicksburg; some have left their commands from sickness, wounds, &amp;c., and prolonged absence has rendered it necessary to fill their places. "

Second. Lieutenant-generals, who may have been relieved of their commands by various casualties, as in the case of Lieutenant-General Pemberton at Vicksburg. His command, as exchanged, has been assigned to other corps. So, also, of Lieutenant-General Holmes, first relieved from duty in Arkansas, who reports here for assignment.

The acts authorizing the appointment of brigadier and major generals in the Provisional Army are the following:

Act of 6th March, 1861, to provide for the public defense, section 6:

That the President is hereby authorized to organize companies so tendering their services into battalions or squadrons, battalions or squadrons into regiments, regiments into brigades, and brigades into divisions, whenever in his judgment such organization may be expedient; and whenever brigades and divisions shall be organized, the President shall appoint the commanding officers for such brigades and divisions, subject to the confirmation of Congress, who shall hold their offices only while such brigades and divisions are in service.

By the acts of 8th May, 1861, "to raise an additional military force to serve during the war," and 11th May, 1861, "to make further provision for the public defense," the troops therein authorized to be received were directed to be organized according to the provisions of the foregoing act of 6th March, 1861.

Act of 13th October, 1862, "to increase and regulate the appointment of general officers in the Provisional Army:

That the President be, and is hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint twenty general officers in the Provisional Army, and to assign them to such appropriate duties as he may deem expedient.

It will be more convenient to consider the case of major and brigadier generals separately from that of lieutenant-generals. They may be divided into two classes: First, major and brigadier generals appointed under the acts of 6th March, 1861, and 8th and 11th May, 1861. These are all governed by the sixth section of act 6th March, 1861, above cited.

The intention seems too plain for doubt. It was to prevent the accommodation [accumulation] of supernumerary generals, which would cheapen the honor of promotion and be a useless burden upon the Treasury. The President is not authorized to appoint major and brigadier generals at his discretion. No such appointment can be made unless there is an organized brigade or division, to the command of which the appointee is to be assigned, and by the express words of the act, whenever the brigades or divisions go out of service the generals are no longer to hold their offices. The office depends

