
upon the organization; is lawful only when that is complete; continues only while it exists, and expires with it, unless there be some other organized brigade or division to the command of which the officer may be and is assigned. It was not the intent of the act so to blend together the organization and the office that neither could exist apart from the other. Its chief purpose, as has been said, was to prevent the Army from being burdened with supernumerary and useless officers. Whenever, therefore, an officer has been duly appointed to an organized brigade or division, it is within the scope and policy of the act that the President may assign him to the command of any other organized brigade or division. So, when the organization of a brigade or division is destroyed, the President may assign the general who commanded it to any other vacant brigade or division, and is not compelled to make a new appointment for this last command. I am of the opinion, therefore, that the major and brigadier generals appointed under these acts, whose commands have lost their organization by consolidation or by the cascannot be assigned to the command of some other organized brigade or division, have lost their commissions.

As to the other class-those whose long absence, from sickness, wounds, &amp;c., has rendered it necessary to fill their places, the organization of their commands remaining unchanged-it is understood that one of the main objects in passing the act of 13th October, 1862, was to furnish the President with the means of filling their places temporarily, so that they might not lose their grade by having become disabled in the public service. And it is as consistent with the policy of the law as it is with justice and humanity that such absent officers should not lose their commissions in cases where other officers appointed under the act of 13th October, 1862, have been assigned to their commands; and they may be restored to their commands upon returning to duty.

This class may present another condition. Such officer upon reporting for duty may be unfitted by his wounds for commanding a brigade or division in the field, but may be capable of discharging other duties appropriate to his grade. The President may appoint him under the act of 13th October, 1862, provided the whole twenty have not already been appointed. But can be under that act be continued in his grade under his old commission and with his old date? I think not. The act gives the President an authority which he did not before possess. It empowers him, "by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint twenty general officers," &c. It contemplates future action by the President and Senate, and not a mere passive confirmation of something which has been done before. Some of these officers were appointed under the Provisional Government. It cannot be contended that their former confirmation by the Provisional Congress would fulfill the condition of the advice and consent of the Senate, required by the act. If so, the mere will of the President to let them remain in their grade would amount to an appointment by him without the consent of the Senate, which is against the express words of the act. I think that an act which authorizes the appointment already made under a former act passed "diverso intuitu", more especially when such a construction would necessarily give a rank which antedates the pw.

Second. Major and brigadier generals, appointed under the act of 13th October, 1862. This act is general in its terms. It authorizes

