
an appointment, not for any particular command or organization, but for general duty in the Provisional Army, according to the assignment of the President; and it contains no limitation of their terms of office. I am of the opinion that the generals appointed under this act hold their commissions during the war.

The acts authorizing the appointment of lieutenant-generals in the Provisional Army are the following:

Act of 18th September, 1862, "to provide for the public defense, approved on the 6th March, 1861, be amended by adding, after the words "brigades into divisions," the words "and divisions into army corps," and each army corps shall be commanded by a lieutenant-general, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall receive the pay of a brigadier-general.

Act of 6th October, 1862, "to provide for the organization of army corps," which is substantially the same with the one last cited, and seems to have been passed by an oversight, as it contains no provision not in the former act, and effects its purpose in precisely the same way.

Act of 13th October, 1862, authorizing the appointment of a general and lieutenant-generals, section 2:

That the President may, be and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint lieutenant-generals in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, when in his discretion it shall be deemed necessary for the command of any one of the military departments.

Section 3:

That the officers appointed under the provisions of this act shall continue to hold the rank herein provided so long as they shall efficiently discharge the duties in command of said several departments, and no longer, but will resume thereafter their former rank in the service.

The lieutenant-generals may be divided into three classes:

First. Those appointed under the acts 18th September and 6th October, 1862. These acts are amendatory of the act of 6th March, 1861, and are to be understood as it their provisions were inserted in the body of that act. Their effects is to enlarge the organization of the Provisional Army and to create a higher grade of general officers. But the policy of the former act is not changed, and the officers of this higher grade are subject to all of its provisions. Lieutenant-generals, therefore, appointed under these acts hold office only while in command of an organized corps. Those whose commands had lost their organization, and those relieved of their command while the organization of their corps remains unchanged, may be assigned to any other organized corps; but if there be no such corps to which they can be assigned they lose their commissions.

Second. Lieutenant-generals appointed under the act of 13th October, 1863, authorizing the appointment of twenty general officers, for the reasons assigned in relation to brigadier and major generals, hold their commissions during the war.

Third. As none of the cases presented have arisen under the act of 17th February, 1864, the construction of that act is not called for now, and it would not be proper to express an opinion.

GEO. DAVIS,

Attorney-General.

