
purpose of fuller information. I trust now, however, that arrangements have been made by which the conscript act and provost duty may be effectively carried out, as suggested in your letter, by the employment of reserves instead of able-bodied men liable to military duty. It would seem that where these reserves are composed of reliable citizens, and a resort to military force is requisite, either in enforcing the conscript act or for the preservation of the community from evils of other sorts, that those acquainted with the localities and who cannot go to the field for active duty are the proper agency to be used. I am well assured that in this and all other measures for vigorously and successfully prosecuting the war to a triumphant issue that the Confederate Government will receive your hearty co-operation and assistance. Please accept the assurances of my continued regard and esteem.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Mobile, Ala., April 23, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER, C. S. Army,
Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I respectfully suggest to the consideration of the War Department the establishment here of a military school for the education of young officers. There are many young gentlemen serving as privates in the ranks who would derive much benefit and be enabled to render better service if the means of education were afforded them. Mobile seems to me to be the best place in the southwest for the establishment of military schools, and at this time there are several officers on duty here, graduates of military colleges and men of good ability and attainments, who will gladly aid in organizing a good system of military education. I have requested Colonels Burnet, Beltzhoover, Sheliha, Brown, and Quattlebaum, and Major Trueheart to submit to me a project for military education, which, if desired, I will transmit to the War Department for the consideration of His Excellency the President.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 17, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 21, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I believe there is a law for the establishment of a military school, but it has not been considered practicable to establish and put it in operation during the war. The best military education just now must be found in the field. Note and please look up the law and let me see it.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

