
the rank of lieutenant-colonel, four assistant quartermaster with the rank of major, and such other officers in that department as are already provided by law.

Act of 20th of March, 1863:

That form and after the passage of this act the rank, pay, and allowances attached to the office of Quartermaster-General of the Army of the Confederate States shall be those of a brigadier-general in the Provisional Army.

Two views have been taken as to the proper construction of the act of 26th of February, 1861, for the establishment of a general staff, and the amendatory act of 14th of March, 1861:

First. That they create a distinct and separate office of Quartermaster-General, to which in every instance an appointment must be made, and to which the rank of colonel is annexed. If this view be correct, then the nomination and appointment of Colonel Myers, on the 15th of February, 1862, must be understood as a nomination and appointment to the office of Quartermaster-General with the rank of colonel ut res magis valeat quam pereat, because only so understood was the action of the President and Senate in conformity with the law. This appointment was made under the Provisional Government, and by the terms of the Constitution of the Confederate States could continue only until his successor was appointed. [Constitution, Art. VI, clause 1.] Upon the appointment, therefore, of General Lawton upon the 27th of January, 1864, assuming that to be duly and lawfully made, Colonel Myers was displaced from the office of Quartermaster-General; and as that was the only office which he held, it follows, of course, that he is no longer in the Army of the Confederate States.

Second. That the acts aforesaid did not create a distinct office of Quartermaster-General, but merely a post of duty to which any officer of the Army might be assigned, and afterward withdrawn and assigned to other duties at the discretion of the President. If this view be correct, then the nomination and appointment of Colonel Myers on the 15th of February, 1862, must be understood to be an appointment to be colonel in the Quartermaster's Department and an assignment to duty as Quartermaster-General. And this view is thought to be sustained by the provisions of the sixth section of the act of 26th of February, 1861, authorizing the President to assign officers of the Quartermaster's Department to duty in the line of the Army, and by those of the eighth and twenty-sixth sections of the act of the 6th of March, 1861, "For the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States," and the second section of the amendatory act of May 16, 1861, which authorize the President to assign officers of the line, even the highest, to staff or other duties at his discretion. Conceding this view to be the true one, its effect, so far as the Quartermaster-General is concerned, will be to make the acts for the organization of the staff to read as follows:

There shall be one colonel in the Quartermaster's Department, who shall discharge the duties of Quartermaster-General, and who may be assigned to the command of troops by orders from the President specially so directing.

Then comes the act of 20th of March, 1863, which provides that the rank, pay, and allowances attached to the office of Quartermaster-General shall be those of brigadier-general. Now, the view of the organization of this department which we are now considering denies that there is any such distinct office as that of Quartermaster-General. What, then, is the intention of the act? It did not mean to place an additional officer in the Quartermaster's Department. Its language is not appropriate to that end. It speaks not of persons, but of

