
occupy the center of the State, collect supplied, and gather strength and interrupt the enemy's communications, or that heavy infantry detachment must be sent from the enemy's main army to drive them from the State. In the latter event it will prove a legitimate military diversion, when a small detachment will be enabled to occupy the attention of a large of the enemy and to that extent lighten the task of the main army.

Fourth. The political result of such on organization would be highly favorable. The hopes of the Southern sympathizers in the State still cling with great tenacity around the Kentucky organizations. Dispersed as these organizations now are, their identity is almost lost. If assembled one body they will be enabled to excite anew the hopes of our people, and we believed that the awakened interest of the men themselves and of the people in this organization would in the present political condition of Kentucky largely increase the strength of the force.

Fifth. The results of such an organization would, in our opinion, be most effective if the public interest admitted of our being associated with this force; for it is probably not assuming too much to state that we may be enabled to combine in a great degree the military and political elements of the State which are favorable to the country. But while it is our own opinion that our service would be more effective with this than with any other matters connected with the defense of our country, we will cheerfully submit to any decision which your Excellency may make in reference to a subject which appeals so strongly to our sympathies and to our patriotism.

r, to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servants,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

JOS. H. LEWIS,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 16, 1864.

Secretary of War for consideration and remarks.

The proposition has two main features, vis, the assembling of the Kentucky troops into one corps, and the mounting of these troops when assembled. It is also indicated that they should be sent to Kentucky.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the President.

I have had several conferences, as well members from Kentucky as the generals signing this letter, on the subject presented. I find it difficult to reconcile with my convictions as to the interest of the service to convert all the troops from Kentucky into mounted men. The infantry brigade, though much reduced, is among the most reliable in the service, and the hot before our armies of more value than three times the number of mounted men. It would be

