
things; not of an officer, but of the rank, pay, and allowances to be attached to a certain office. If such had been its object, it would have followed the style of the former act, and have declared that the Quartermaster-General's Department 'shall consist of one Quartermaster-General, with the rank, pay, and allowances of a brigadier-general, one assistant quartermaster-general, with the rank of colonel, &amp;c. " I think the true meaning is, not to add to the force of the Quartermaster's Department, but simply to increase the rank, pay, and allowances of the highest officer in it. It is as if the act had said, "that hereafter the highest officer in the Quartermaster's Department shall be a brigadier-general, instead of a colonel, as heretofore. " And the necessary result is to abolish the office of colonel in that department, and to substitute for it that of brigadier-general. It makes no difference how this act was intended to operate, whether by elevating the then colonel to the grade of a brigadier-general, or by authorizing the President to appoint him or some one else to the higher grade. Either way the office of colonel is abolished. And as that was the only office held by Colonel Myers, it follows that he no longer holds any office in the Army.

Under the view first taken it still remains to inquire whether General Lawton has been duly and legally appointed Quartermaster-General. his nomination to the Senate was "to be Quartermaster-General, to rank as brigadier-general from April 13, 1861; " and he was confirmed "to take rank from the date of confirmation. "

An important question of constitutional construction is presented. Is it within the functions of the Senate to diminish the rank assigned in the nomination of an officer? That the Senate cannot add to the rank so assigned is admitted. It cannot originate an appointment. It has no part of the nominating power. That is intrusted solely to the President. The constitutional action of the Senate is confined to an affirmation or rejection of the President's nomination. It was upon these principles that Coxe's case was decided by Attorney-General B. F. Butler. On the 7th of February, 1837, the President of the United States nominated Coxe "to be a lieutenant in the Navy from this date. " The Senate the following resolution:

Resolved, That the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of John R. Coxe to be a lieutenant in the Navy, to take rank next after Lieutenant Elisha Peck.

The effect of the appointment according to the confirmation of the Senate would have been to place Coxe on the register above 162 lieutenants.

The Attorney-General, upon a reference of the question to him, decided that Coxe could not be commissioned at all. Not according to the nomination, because that had not been confirmed; not according to the confirmation, because the Senate had exceeded its powers.

In this opinion I fully concur. The case did not call for a decision of the other question, whether the Senate can diminish the rank assigned in a nomination, and so far as the Attorney-General's reasoning intimated any opinion upon that point it was an obiter dictum. It is not a ruling precedent; but there is a precedent in point which is cited in the same opinion:

On the 4th of May, 1822, President Monroe nominated Colonels House and Fenwick and Major Eustis for promotion in the Army, with dates of rank in each case from a prior day specified in the nomination. On the 8th of May, 1822, the Senate acted on these nomination. In each case the question was divided, and the vote taken first on the proposed nomination, and then on the date of

