
rank. The former was decided in the affirmative, and the latter in the negative. The President, as I learn from the Adjutant-General, must have regarded the action of the Senate as complete, because he issued the commissions in conformity to the decision of that body. Nothing being said as to the date of rank in the commissions, the officers receiving them of course took rank from their appointments. [See Opinions of Attorney-General, U. S., 3-190.]

Mr. Butler adds:

These cases would seem to show that in the judgment of the Senate and of President Monroe, the date and rank may be separated from the office itself. This, perhaps, may be done where the President nominates, as in the cases referred to, with rank from a prior day, and the Senate strikes out the rank altogether, thus reducing it to the date of the appointment. -Ibid.

In exact conformity with this precedent has been the action of the President and Senate of the Confederate States in the case of General Lawton. In a former opinion I have had occasion to declare that I would be reluctant to advise any departure from settled practice, or respectable precedents, in appointments to office, unless impelled by an imperative sense of duty to the Constitution. Such cases can seldom or never constitute a lis pendens, so as to present the questions arising in them for judicial determination; and unless practice and precedents are to have the weight of authority nothing can ever be settled. There can be no uniformity of action, and frequent and painful conflicts may arise between the President and the Senate. I find nothing in the Constitution militating against these precedents, and a well-settled principle of law sustaining them. Omne majus continet in se minus is not less a maxim of law than a conclusion of logic, and is of familiar application in many cases. Thus, the Constitution of the Confederate States, following that of the United States, gives to the President the power to pardon offenses; and upon this principle it has been held without question, from the earliest time, that the President is not compelled to exercise the full power, but may a portion only of the sentence. So a power in a settlement to lease for twenty-one years is well executed by granting a lease for fourteen years. [3 M and S., 382.] So where there is a custom within a manor that copyhold lands may be granted in fee simple, a grant for any less estate will be upheld under the custom; and so where an act done under a power is greater than the power authorizes, it will be held good to the extent of the power; as, where there is a power to lease for ten years and a lease is granted for twenty years, it will be held in equity to be a good lease for ten years under the power. [Woodf. L. and I., 32.]

Upon this principle a nomination to take from the date of confirmation is necessarily contained in a nomination to take rank from a prior day. Where the Senate adds to the nomination a rank not given by it, it goes beyond the act of the President and originates a nomination; but when it cuts down the rank from a prior date to the date of confirmation, it adopts a portion of the act of the President, and it is to that extent the nomination of the President and the confirmation of the Senate. And when the minds of the President and Senate have met, and the appointment is made in conformity with the confirmation, I see no good reason why it should not be valid. I would have more hesitation in adopting this conclusion if the action nation and confirmation together do not make an appointment. Confirmation is merely the expression of the Senate's assent that the appointment may be made. The appointment still remains to be

21 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

