
made, and that must be the voluntary act of the President. He may make it according to the confirmation of the Senate, or he may withhold it and send in a new nomination. [Marbury vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137.]

I think, therefore, that the appointment of General Lawton to be Quartermaster-General has been duly and legally made.

GEO. DAVIS,

Attorney-General.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Returned to the Secretary of War.

The opinion closes case.

J. D.

[APRIL 26, 1864. -For Davis to Murrah about the relief of certain counties in Texas from the operation of the acts of conscription, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 985.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 27, 1864.

Honorable JACOB THOMPSON:

SIR: Confiding special trust in your zeal, discretion, and patriotism, I hereby direct you to proceed at once to Canada, there to carry out such instructions as you have received from me verbally in such manner as shall seem most likely to conduce to the furtherance of the interests of the Confederate States of America which have been intrusted to you. *

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Similar letter to Honorable C. C. Clay, Jr.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, Montgomery, April 27, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: With the assent of my predecessor and with my approbation since I came into office several gentlemen who had been drill officers in the conscript camp at Talladega were allowed permission to raise companies of boys between sixteen and eighteen years old. Ten companies have thus been raised, and most of them have been in the Confederate service for four or five months. They were all raised before the passage of the recent law requiring the enrollment of these young men. This battalion or regiment has for its officers, field and company, Major J. L. Davidson, Capts. B. F. Yniestra, James A. McCaw, J. L. Walthall, and R. H. Redwood, and Lieuts. H. H. Foy, W. H. Kelly, Theo. Bethea, R. T. Norred, W. H. King, Richard Neely, and John W. Simmons. All of them had been drill-masters at Talladega with the rank of lieutenants, first and second. The separate compa-

---------------

*For Thompson to Benjamin, December 3, 1864, reporting operations, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XLIII, Part II, p. 930.

---------------

