
nies were first organized and were placed on detached duty, and some months since they were formed into a battalion of seven or eight companies and elected their field officers. I understand there are now ten companies. The authority of General Pillow was given to raise these companies. The young men composing the companies are of the very best material, many of them sons of the most influential citizens of the State. They are now as well drilled as veteran soldiers. I have been informed that it is in contemplation to disband these companies and turn them over to the conscript officers, and the young officers themselves, all of whom have seen actual service in the field, will be turned over likewise to the conscript officers for enrollment. I would regard such action as a great calamity-one doing the grossest injustice to the officers and young men who compose the battalion or regiment. Although these men were all mustered into the Confederate service, yet, inasmuch as at the time of their organization the men were all a part of the State militia force, over which the Confederate States had no control except through a call on the Governor, I have regarded them as a part of the State troops in the service of the Confederacy.

Now, I ask that this organization shall not be broken up; that the officers, field and company, may be permitted to remain and receive their commissions. The most patriotic motives prompted these young men to volunteer before any law made them liable to Confederate service. They volunteered under promise given them that they would be received into the Confederate service with the officers of their own choosing. The officers they have selected are all gentlemen of education and high qualifications as officers. No better organization exists in our service. For two or more months they have been stationed at Selma doing regular duty. To break up their organization would do them injustice and produce great dissatisfaction among our best people. I cannot believe the facts were known or it would never have entered the head of the War Department to interfere with them. I have had no correspondence with the Secretary of War on this subject and may be misinformed as to the intentions of the War Department. I, however, appeal to you as the Commander-in-Chief in behalf of these young officers and men.

I have the honor to remain, with great regard, your friend and obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

In this case, as stated, it would seem proper to receive the companies as organized either in the reserve or active force. If you should upon examination concur, please have the necessary orders given and respond to the Governor's letter. Otherwise return the letter to me with objections.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 6, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Order the organization here to be retained and considered part of the reserve forces. The great majority must be too young for field service as regulars.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

