
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 28, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the operations of this Department:

In the brief period since my last report the inclemency of the season has enforced comparative inaction on the armies in the field. Operations on our part have been mainly defensive, but have been varied by some brilliant affairs of an offensive character, executed generally by cavalry detachments. The enemy have essayed several serious invasions and various marauding incursions. The results have been almost invariably Honorable to our arms.

The large force thrown into Mississippi, with the purpose of marching to the attack of Mobile, expended itself along less than a third of its contemplated course in discreditable ravages against non-combatants and hasty damages of the railroad, speedily repaired. A decisive repulse of the formidable cavalry column designed to co-operate with them from Tennessee, by not half its force of recently recruited men, under the bold leadership of General Forrest, followed; and then at the first intimation of the assembling of a force adequate to encounter them, the main army, some 25,000 or 30,000 strong, beat a hasty retreat. Their whole plan of campaign was effectually broken up, and besides the losses sustained in men and material, by straggling and capture, their troops returned exhausted and discouraged to their strongholds, whence they have not ventured since to emerge.

More signal disaster punished their invasion to subjugate Florida. They were met promptly and gallantly by General Finegan, with a smaller number of hastily collected troops, and completely defeated, with heavy loss and utter rout, in the decisive battle of Olustee. Driven back to the protection of their ships of war, they received large re-enforcements, and for a time threatened the renewal of their invasion, but their most bloody experience of the prowess of our forces, and the great consequent discouragement of their troops, doubtless induced despair of success. They have since withdrawn nearly their entire force and relinquished as desperate the invasion of a State so courageously defended.

Various raids of the enemy have been made by cavalry, generally in indefensible portions of the Confederacy, and for the most part for purposes of mere rapine and destruction. They have been conducted with a precipitation most wasteful to their men and animals, and indicative of constant apprehension, but have been marked by a malignant spirit and practices of infamy and barbarity that would have disgraced brigands or savages. Their warfare has been almost exclusively on peaceful citizens, and their avowed object has been the destruction of private property; the taking off of the slaves, even by force; the waste of stores and the means of subsistence; the destruction of animals and implements of husbandry, and the privation of all means of future production and support to the whole people.

The most important of these raids, undertaken with an unusual force and a special aim, surpassed even their many inhuman enterprises in the atrocity of its discovered designs. It was avowed as an effort, with 5,000 picked horsemen, sustained by light artillery, to seize and hold temporarily the Capital of the Confederacy, and to liberate the large number of their prisoners held in its vicinity. Our

