
pickets had been thinned by the withdrawal of our cavalry for recruitment and supply, and the enemy succeeded in starting, without observation, on their enterprise, but it was conducted with a timidity and feebleness that were in ludicrous contrast with the boldness of the conception and the extent of their means. Fifteen hundred of their number detached to Charlottesville, for the double purposroad communications and distracting attention by varied attacks, with a view of subsequently reuniting with the main column, were easily repulsed by a mere handful of half-armed artillerymen with a single gun when in a few miles of their contemplated prize of Charlottesville, and compelled to fly affrighted back to their main army. Another detachment of some thousand men, under an officer [Colonel Dahlgren] deemed by them one of especial merit, was sent across the country to pass some distance above the city to the south of the James, and coming rapidly on that side, where there was least reason to expect a defensive force, and near which, on an island, were the greater portion of the prisoners, to aid in a combined attack to be made on the north side by the great body of the troops under General Kilpatrick, esteemed among their most enterprising generals. Dahlgren marked his course to the river, unimpeded by any hostile force, only by ravage and incendiarism, but failed wholly to effect a crossing, and sought to cover the timidity that shrank from trying a doubtful ford by an act of savage vengeance on his negro guide, who indeed well merited his fate, but not at the hands of the enemy, for his treachery to an indulgent master and his attempted services to a cruel foe. Baffled in this part of his plan, he hastened toward the city on the north side of the river to unite with Kilpatrick in his proposed attack. Meantime, some hours before his arrival, that attack had been made by the great body of the forces under Kilpatrick, and repulsed, by only a few hundred men on one of the outer lines of the city defenses, with such ease as, but for the limited number engaged, would almost have deprived the victory of glory. Kilpatrick retired baffled, to find another opportunity, if not to beat a retreat. Later, near night, Dahlgren approached on the road from the west, down the river, and encountered a few miles from the city the most advanced battalion of our forces, which happened to be of the local reserves, and to be composed of clerks, recently organized and untried in war. This, too, was in the open field, without defenses of any kind. Yet the charge of this selenemy's cavalry, in superior numbers, was speedily repelled, and they driven off in ignominious flight. Their only purpose seemed escape, but as they hastily pursued after the retreating column of Kilpatrick they learned that he, too, had been attacked in the night in his force dispersed. This gallant deed had been done by General. Hampton. He, approaching with about 400 cavalry, hastily summoned to the aid of the city, had been apprised of the locality of the enemy by Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, who, with a small party of horsemen, had been for many hours courageously scouting around and skirmishing with their forces. Despite his insignificant force General Hampton at once charged the enemy in his camp, and after a brief struggle routed them, capturing many men and horses. Being too weak to pursue, he was compelled to allow them to escape with impunity, but their only thought afterward seemed to be of rapid flight, and the next day they found a refuge in a supporting force of cavalry that had been sent up the peninsula to their relief. Startled by the intelligence of this disaster, Dahlgren's men seem,

