
many, to have scattered, finding their way to Kilpatrick's column, while their leader with some hundreds of his choice men crossed the Pamunkey, with the hope of evading Hampton and escaping across the country to Gloucester Point. In King and Queen they were encountered by some few furloughed cavalry and a local company, hurriedly summoned for pursuit. Ambuscaded by them, Colonel Dahlgren and a few of his men were killed, and the residue of the force under his command speedily surrendered as prisoners. Thus ingloriously and disastrously terminated an expedition inaugurated with formidable forces and with high anticipations of great results. But the disgrace of failure was exceeded by the infamy of the base designs of the expedition. On the body of Colonel Dahlgren, the chosen and specially trusted leader, were found copies oof the expedition, and the original of his address to his soldiers on starting. These disclosed, unequivocally, the nefarious purpose, after liberating their prisoners, to turn them loose, armed, and maddened by privation and every evil passion, and by them, with the aid and under the protection of the embodied forces, to sack, burn, and destroy the city, and to kill the President and the leading authorities of the Confederate Government. The dullest sensibility will sicken and revolt at the horrible brutalities and atrocities that must have attended such a carnival of crime. The perpetration of such deeds by an infuriated soldiery, under all the fierce impulses of a sanguinary struggle and in the flush of triumph, is by all nations felt to be a reproach on the character and humanity of man; but that such horrors should have been deliberately planned and ordered by the authorities of any people professing to be civilized and Christian, must inflict an indelible stigma of hypocrisy and infamy. Such fell designs might seem almost incredible of any other people, but they are supported by irrefragable evidence in the possession of the papers themselves, with conclusive indications, internal and external, of their authenticity. It is only the culmination of many inferior exhibitions of like malignity and atrocity. The captives taken in the abortive effort to perpetrate these or like atrocities must be admitted to have forfeited all rights to the privileges of civilized warfare, and might well be punished by their intended victims as the worst of criminals; but it has been thought to comport more with the dignity and self-command of an enlightened Government, as well as to be more consistent with the humanity, clemency, and Christianity that has, throughout this war, characterized our people and authorities, not to mete out bloody retaliation on the subordinate instruments of an infamous Government, but to consign them for retribution to the reprobation of outraged Christendom and the lasting stigma of recording history.

Our armies in the field are believed to be in excellent condition and spirits. Inured to war and practiced in habits of endurance, they have passed through the exposure and privations of the winter and inclement spring with remarkable health and content. Animated by an invincible resolution not to be subdued, and a zeal of patriotic self-devotion beyond all praise, they have almost universally re-enlisted for the war, and voluntarily renewed the pledge of their all-their property, their labor, and themselves-to the sacred cause of the safety and independence of the country. They have reacted on the people everywhere, encouraging the bold and shaming the timid to a more confident reliance on a future of success, and have effectually hushed the whisperings of despondency or disaffection. They were

