
never more confident and reliant on themselves and their commanders, and relatively, as is believed, more nearly than heretofore approximating the number of their enemies, they await with assurance and ardor the shock of the coming campaign.

The measures of legislation to secure meritorious officers and repress irregularities and desertion have operated beneficially on the discipline and morale of the Army. Thorough organization may not yet have been attained in forces which had to be suddenly and provisionally organized, but steady advance is being made to the attainment of the utmost discipline and efficiency. The recent assignment at the Capital of a supervising commander of all the armies, besides promoting the harmony and consistency of military movements, has brought to aid in the work of organization the experience, known administrative capacity, and acknowledged abilities of one of our leading generals, and may be expected to prove productive of salutary results.

Some deficiencies of organization yet require amendatory legislation. The staff, affording to the quick intelligence of the general his perceptive and administrative faculties, should be constituted of the best material, have the highest attainable experience and qualifications, and be animated by strong incentives to activity and improvement. Unfortunately, in our Army it has not enjoyed the repute, perhaps in consequence, commanded the merits desirable for its efficiency. From unavoidable circumstances, probably, the staff has been too much the object of favoritism through the recommendations on behalf of personal friends, or the refuge of supernumeraries and those by non-election or otherwise thrown out of the line of regular service. They have come to be considered in some measure as attaches to the persons and fortunes of their respective generals, to special duties. In consequence of this kind of estimation, probably, they have not been allowed rank consistent with their importance or regulated appropriately by the standard of merit. These evils it is most desirable to remove, and it is respectfully suggested that the remedy may be found in organizing the respective departments of the staff into separate corps with proper gradations in rank, and in affording the incentive of advance on the exhibition of qualifications or superior merit. Some increase in the numbers to be attached to the larger commands of the Army, as well as the proposed advance in rank, would also seem advisable. This is, indeed, almost a necessity in relation to the commissary and quartermaster branches of the staff service. The law has never made direct provision for the appointment of such officers to organizations larger than brigades. Experiences has demonstrated them to be essential not only to the Army as a whole, to assure harmony and unity to its movements and due distribution of supplies, but likewise, from similar reasons, to corps and divisions, which not infrequently have to act independently and at wide intervals of distance. In consequence there has been no alternative but for the general in command, or the Department, to withdraw and assign, by detail from their proper brigades, the quartermasters and commissaries indispensable to the larger organizations of the Army. Such assignments have rendered oftentimes imperative the appointment of other officers of the same branch of service to the destitute brigades; and thus indirectly, and with only the rank and legal assignment of brigade officers, have these essential officers of the staff been secured to the

