
divisions, corps, and armies in the field. This ood that in one of the acts of Congress there has been implied sanction by reference to such division and corps officers. Still, action in such cases, without more direct authorization of law, is always embarrassing to the Department, and not incapable of mischievous effects in the establishment of precedents, and it is earnestly recommended that such appointments be directly sanctioned by law.

In another particular respecting the appointment of quartermasters and commissaries it desirable the law should be made more explicit. The only authority for the appointment of these officers, not for commands in the field, but for the general service of the bureaus, is conferred by the act of the 15th day of February, 1862, which provides:

That in addition to the number of quartermasters, assistant quartermasters, commissaries, and assistant commissaries now allowed by law, the President shall have authority to appoint as many of said officers as shall in his direction be deemed necessary at permanent posts and depots.

This seems to contemplate that the officers of this class for the general service are only required at posts and depots, and are expected to be stationary there; but in reality there is an imperative necessity for a greater number to be distributed and actively engaged in all parts of the Confederacy, purchasing, accumulating, and moving supplies, and supervising the administration of the extended operations of the commissary and quartermaster's service. As such officers are all remotely connected with and report to the respective bureaus stationed at the Capital, or more immediately to a superior officer at some post or depot, the above act was, from an early period after its passage, construed to authorize the appointment of as many quarter-masters and commissaries as the necessities of the general service demanded, and such has been the continued practice of the Department. Doubt may, however, exist whether this be not a latitude of construction dictated rather by the necessity of the case than justified by the language and original conception of the act. The law should explicitly confer a power of appointment coextensive with the needs of the service, for the exercise of a questionable right of appointment is always to be deprecated. In such matters encroachment is facile and precedents dangerous, and as little latitude to excess as practicable should be left by the law-makers.

On another point of more importance ambiguity exists, which should be corrected by more explicit legislation. It is in relation to the appointment and tenure of office of the general officers of the Provisional Army. The system pervading the organization of the Provisional Army does not allow the appointment of officers at large assignable to any command appropriate to their grade of rank, but only of the officers of each special organization, on the legal continuance of which their commissions are dependent. This is clear as to the company and field officers, as may be illustrated by the fact that such officer of a company or regiment is not a captain or colonel at large of the Provisional Army, but only the captain or colonel of his particular company or regiment. The disbandment or termination of the service of such special organization loses the officers or termination of the service of such special organization loses the officers their commissions. The same principle of organization by the act of the Provisional Congress of the 6th of March, 1861, for the appointment of general officers to brigades and divisions, and by analogy, as is presumable, likewise to the commanders of corps when they were authorized. It

