
better, could reference be had to the general service alone, that two thirds of the cavalry should be dismounted and converted into infantry; but other considerations are urged earnestly, and among them, though presented with hesitancy and regret, is the conviction that without concession to the feelings of the men desertion to a great extent is inevitable. This alone causes me to doubt. Perhaps, without yielding the one point of mounting the men, the organization of the Kentuckians into one corps, with headquarters in common and with a favorite leader at their head, might suffice to arouse a State pride and give a prestige to the organization that might measurably satisfy and retain them in service. In conjunction with this, some latitude might be allowed the commander to allow temporary exchanges of service to the different regiment. The hope should be held out to them, too, of returning to Kentucky, must speedily and permanently, by defeating the enemy before them. A partial raid would lose more than it gained in men.

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

AIDE-DE-CAMP:

Address letter to General Johnston, stating application and consideration offered, and request views on the question of assembling the Kentucky troops on border of Kentucky, and as another question the propriety of converting them into mounted troops.

J. D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 16, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Atlanta, Ga:

The matter is under consideration of the President.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, January 16, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am direction by His Excellency the Governor to request you to furnish him with a copy of your order declaring that soldiers appointed to military academies cannot be discharged.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ARTHUR,

Private Secretary.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., January 16, 1864.

Major J. C. JOHNSTON,

Commandant of Conscripts, Bristol, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the superintendent to write to you and say that he directs that you will forthwith remove your camp of

3 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

