
for it, the number allowed by the law would be at once exceeded without meeting the deficiencies of the service. An invidious distinction would be established between officers of the same grade in the Provisional Army, founded solely on the accident of appointment, which could not fail to be prolific of jealousies, rivalries, and discontents.

In view of the whole subject, it is recommended that all general officers of the Provisional Army, like the supernumeraries, be made independent of their commands, and assignable, according to rank, to any appropriate command or duty.

A slight extension of the power of appointing, chaplains for the Army is likewise desirable. There is, happily, a large religious element and much devotional feeling in our Army, which every consideration of policy, no less than grateful duty, requires should be consulted and fostered. At present, chaplains can only be appointed to posts and regiments. Now, the men of one of the most important branches of service, the artillery, are not regimentally organized, but formed either in detached companies or arranged in battalionm cannot be afforded the guidance or consolations of religious ministry. It is suggested that a chaplain should be allowed to every ten detached companies, or to two battalions, when so situated as to permit to them a common ministration.

The act of the late Congress for retiring disabled officers and men has been put in execution, and is working beneficially for the Army. Its provisions, however, do not seem to have been commensurate with the claims of equity and gratitude due to the gallant soldiers who have been shattered in health or maimed by the exposures and wounds of service. It is confined in its operation only to such as are still on the rolls of the Army, and has no respect to those who may have been, by resignation or otherwise, heretofore put out of service. No adequate cause, either in reason or justice, can be perceived for such limitation. Indeed, on the score of merit, the cases of those who had continued, while incapable of active duty in the field, on sick leave, or in positions of light duty, rather cumbering that aiding the service, appear less entitled to consideration than those more disinterested officers who sacrificed their commissions, often their sole dependence, from Honorable sensibility, lest they should block the promotion of the inferior officers on whom their duties had been cast. Not a few cases of this kind have been known to the Department, in which the acceptance of the resignation, while constrained by the interest of the service, has been done with pain and regret at the necessity of allowing the self-sacrifice which a sense of honor imposed on the gallant officer. The sole consideration which can exist to prevent the extension to all such resigned officers of the privileges accorded by the act to those still in service, is the ungracious one of economy, which, in a liberal view, would be as inapplicable from true policy as from a due regard to the sentiment of justice and gratitude involved. As very many of these disabled and scarred veterans are still capable of much service at posts or other light duties, their restoration to rank would probably prove much more a gain than a burden to the country, while it would manifest grateful appreciation and secure some partial provision for the honored sufferers of our campaigns. It is, therefore, earnestly recommended that the privileges of the act be extended to embrace those who, from like causes of disability or wounds in service, have heretofore resigned or been discharged.

