
The corps of engineer troops authorized by the late Congress, after not a few impediments and delays resulting from the reluctance of commanders to part with, by details, their veterans from the line, have at last been organized in the main of new material, and have been provided with the requisite trains and implements of service. They have been the object of special interest and care to the able head of the Engineer Bureau, and to his intelligent supervision and persistent efforts are mainly due their efficient organization and complete provision. They are composed for the most part of picked men, and embody many valuable mechanics and skilled laborers, who, guided by the intelligence and experience of officers selected from their peculiar qualifications and training as engineers, cannot fail to prove eminently advantageous in facilitating the movements and providing the defenses of our armies. Their merits and value are already warmly appreciated and acknowledged by the generals who have enjoyed the advantages of their services, and it is not doubted they will so advance, with increased experience and practice, in estimation and utility, as to fully vindicate the wisdom of their organization.

The boards of examination, the military courts, and the provisions of the late law allowing officers to be dropped on the recommendation of commanding generals, are operating favorably on the discipline and efficiency of the Army. Grave doubts have, however, been expressed by one of our most distinguished generals whether changes by a law of the late session in relation to the military courts have not so closely assimilated them, in the necessity of referring charges and having them reviewed in each case by the commanding general, to general courts-martial as to have diminished their efficiency in facilitating the dispatch of cases and promptitude of punishment. Modification of the law in these respects is therefore respectfully suggested. Indeed, the mass of business cast on the reviewing authorities-the commanding general, the Department, and the President-by these various modes of removing incompetency and punishing offenses, cannot be dispatched without neglecting other duties of higher import. The responsibilities, however, entailed are of so grave and delicate a character, and involve so much of personal discretion, that they cannot be discarded or consigned to others. Remedial legislation in these particulars is urgently demanded. It is with deference suggested that an officer, to be connected with the Adjutant-General's Bureau, and to be designated the Judge-Advocate-General, with the rank at least of colonel, to be aided by assistants, one to be with the commanding general of each separate army in the field, with the rank at least of lieutenant-colonel, be authorized, whose duty it shall be to review in the first instance all the sentences of the military courts, courts-martial, and examining boards, with the right of appeal within a limited time, where the cases were tried in the field and the sentence deprived the accused of either commission or life. This appeal might be first to the general commanding, who might either decide it finally or suspend execution and refer it, through the Judge-Advocate-General, to the Department, to be decided by it, or, at its discretion, submitted to the President. In all cases not arising and tried with an army in the field, the review might be, in the first instance, by the Judge-Advocate-General, subject to the right of like appeal, when life or commission was the forfeiture of the sentence, to the Department, which should either decide or submit to the President. Of course, the privilege of interposing by Executive clemency, vested in

