
the President, would remain unaffected, and application in appropriate form might be made to him in all cases. By the plan proposed, or some similar one, all venial cases and a large proportion of grave ones would be disposed of without burdening the commanding general or the Department. So only those of special gravity would come to the Department, or claim the action of the President, while the gracious prerogative of mercy would in all be preserved to him. Promptitude and certainty in the disposition of all cases would be reconciled with due consideration and full revision.

More important advantage to the service, it is believed, would result from the extension of the power now intrusted to the Executive, of assigning to commands, with temporary rank, officers of the Confederate Army, to officers likewise of the Provisional Army. The power has been both useful and convenient with respect to the former, and the considerations that recommend it apply with daily increasing force to officers of the Provisional Army. In the service, the power of promptly rewarding and advancing decided merit presents an invaluable incentive to improvement and the display of high qualities. The right, too, of selecting from all ranks or branches of the service, without being restricted by the gradation of permanent rank, the officers who may have shown qualities eminently adapting them for special commands, must conduce greatly to the development and command of the highest qualifications of leadership. Surprise has not unfrequently been felt and expressed that, though happily blessed with not a few generals distinguished alike by skill and success, yet with our armies, composed in large degree of such inttivated men, and characterized by such high courage and proclivities for war, more of conspicuous ability and military genius have not been elicited and displayed. That these rare and inestimable gifts exist latent within our armies cannot be doubted, but our system, especially in the Provisional Army, has not been calculated to foster or discover them. Officers are in that army made strictly dependent on and confined to limited organizations in special branches of the service, and, whatever their peculiar qualifications, cannot be permanently assigned nor be advanced, save by the accident of promotion by seniority, or even on the display of distinguished valor and skill, except in their limited organizations. As the officers of the Provisional Army improve in experience and military attainments it becomes more and more important that they should not be confined to special branches of service, but have varied or enlarged spheres of action, so as to be prepared for more general commands, and that their special capacities should be utilized to the greatest advantage. Besides the benefits attained by temporary assignments, grave inconveniences would likewise be avoided. All advancements, when made, especially with officers not trained by military education or experience antecedent to the war, must necessarily be in large measure experimental and of doubtful results, and yet they are permanent, however unsuited or inefficient. Unless positively incompetent, the officers must remain or inefficient. Unless positively incompetent, the officers must remain in their new commands, scarce equal to their duties and incapable of inspiring confidence or enthusiasm, and yet often by their rank overshadowing or blocking the way to their superiors in all the endowments for command. It would have been far better to have tested, by temporary assignment, the qualities of the officer for the increased rank and command before he was irretrievably fixed in it. It is often found that an admirable captain proves ommand of a regiment, or an accomplished colonel fails in the wider command of

