
a brigadier, and not unfrequently in even higher rank will the distinguished subordinate general prove inadequate to wider or independent command. The officer-especially in an army so improvised and hastily organized-should be tested and approved in each important advance by command with temporary assignment before being permanently established in his increased grade. In short, the practice of such assignments would afford the highest incentives; would give enlarged experience and opportunities of display; would foster and elicit special merits and military genius, and would assure in permanent commands approved capacities.

Serious inconvenience has been caused officers in the field and much suffering in some instances to officers at posts by the late law giving but restricting the former to one ration and allowing the latter the privilege of purchasing only one. It is respectfully recommended that the law be so amended as to give officers in the field one ration, and to allow to all the privilege of purchase, subject to such regulations as may be imposed by the Department. This cannot possibly result in any injury to the public service, while the object of the late law will be attained, which was obviously to confer a benefit and not work a hardship.

In this connection it is appropriate to advert to the peculiar and rather anomalous provision of the existing law regulating the pay and allowances of general officers. No difference in these respects is made among them, with the sole exception [under the present exceptional rates of prices of trivial effect], that to the general actually commanding an army in the field there is an added allowance of $100 a month. No distinction otherwise in pay or allowances is made from a brigadier up to a general. As with increase of rank and command additional expenditures and charges are imposed, the simple consideration of justice would demand correspondingly increased pay and allowances. Equality in such cases is inequity, but, in addition, it is contrary to all experience and practice to have no consideration in compensation to increased dignity and more important service. A singular illustration of the present inequity of the law is presented by the fact general recently assigned to the duty of directing, under the President, all our armies, and required to incur all the expenses of a residence at the capital, is deprived of the additional allowance he would have had as a general commanding an army in the field, and receives no more than the latest brigadier. It is surely only right that pay and allowances should have an appropriate relation to rank and extent of duties, entailing, as they must, larger expenditures, and it is confidently hoped that our general officers of the more advanced grades will not longer be enforced to the embarrassments, privations, and destitution of attendants by which, under the present compensation allowed and the restrictions on the subject of rations, in the midst of their anxieties and high responsibilities, they are now annoyed.

Attention is likewise called to the necessity for some adequate provision to defray the expenses of officers traveling under orders. The present allowances are insufficient to bear the charges, which no economy, or even parsimony, can avoid, and the inadequate pay of the officer little enables him to discharge such expenses. The simplest justice requires that at least the necessary expenses incurred in obedience to orders should be defrayed by the Government.

Some provision should likewise be made to compensate the commissioners directed to be appointed by the act suspending in certain

