
been made to restrict the details to the narrowest limits consistent with the continuance of efficient service in the bureaus, and they have not been made without strict scrutiny and assurance, as far as practicable, of their positive necessity. Instructions, too, have been given and efforts are being made to diminish gradually these details and to supply their places, as fast as substitutes can be found, from the disabled or infirm or from the reserve classes. The steadfast aim of the Department has been, and will continue to be, to place in our armies in active service every able-bodied man, liable to bear arms, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five. If such result be attained it cannot be doubted armies will be maintained as large as the resources of the country would, in consistency with the permanent welfare of the people, justify, and fully adequate to achieve and assure independence and peace.

Another embarrassment in the administrative departments has resulted from the limitation by law to the compensation allowed to detailed men from the armies, who are generally skilled workmen or experts, and withdrawn on that account. Only $3 a day is by the law allowed them, and at existing inordinate rates it is, in the places where their duties compel their presence, simply impossible for them to support life, much less secure reasonable comforts or aid their families. What adds to the grievance is, that to the foreigners and others working by their sides three or four times as much compensation has to be given to retain them in their employments. Some additional provision for such detailed men must be made, and it is suggested that at least support, quarters, and clothing be secured to them. It is impracticable to provide them by any fixed rate of pay, for in our exceptional circumstances the necessary amount would vary largely in different localities and in brief intervals of time. In this connection, too, it is not inappropriate again to invoke earnestly consideration to the wholly inadequate compensation afforded to the clerks and employees of the Department. The financial measures of the late Congress, it is hoped, will, in their full development, compel reduction of inflated prices, but as yet they have been inoperative to afford any relief. Without means other than their salaries it is impossible for the clerks to obtain bare subsistence. They are faithful and laborious officers, and every consideration of justice and policy demands that they should receive at least a fair support. With the fluctuation of prices this cannot easily be secured by a moderate compensation in currency. Provision should be made to supply them wclothing, or a part of the funds appropriated for their pay being employed in the purchase and export of cotton, they should receive a limited proportion, say a third or fourth, of their salaries in sterling exchange.

The supply departments are experiencing increased difficulties from the scarcity existing in considerable portions of the Confederacy, and from the reluctance in all to sell under the expectation of advancing prices. The great resource is, and it is feared will have for some time at least to be, impressment. While it is certainly most desirable this mode of supply should be dispensed with, or at least made as equitable and regular as practicable, yet facility and rapidity of execution are indispensable. Some features of the late law regulating impressments, it is suggested with deference, retard and obstruct its operation, and might be modified to the great convenience of the Government and without serious prejudice to the citizen. The requirement, too, of

22 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

