
local appraisements, without appeal to a general arbiter, seems a very defective mode of securing only just compensation, and is rather calculated to stimulate grasping desires and to foment the discontents which always spring from inequality and diversity of prices. Such appraisements, it is submitted, do not afford a fair criterion of just compensation under the exceptional circumstances of the Confederacy. A much juster rule would be the cost of production with a fair profit thereon, to be determined by selected officers of undoubted probity and intelligence. Recurrence to such system of general regulation, rather than to the fluctuating estimates of local appraisers, is earnestly recommended. Some positive provision and some regular process of enforcement against citizens resisting or evading impressments are also desirable, as the law is now almost without the sanction of a penalty or a mode of legal execution. Military coercion is ever to be deprecated as a dependence for the administration of law.

The expediency of the tithe tax has been fully vindicated, as it has proved a most valuable resource for the subsistence of the armies and the most acceptable form of imposition on the producers. It should certainly be continued, and, in my judgment, on some leading articles of subsistence, such as meat, wheat, rice, and products of the sugar cane, should be increased. Some delays have arisen in its collection from the lack of adequate transportation, and form the want of harmony between the assessors and collectors. As the supervision of both classes of officers is now reposed in the same department, more unity of action may hereafter be expected. In the amendments made to the law, however, at the last session, too limited a time has, according to the judgment and experience of the officers charged with its execution, been allowed for collection before the privilege of commutation. That period is limitedthin which all collections must be completed. With the means of transport and storage possessed, this is physically impracticable throughout the whole of the Confederacy. An extension of the period to at least eight months is therefore recommended.

Under the legislation of the late Congress efficient regulations have been adopted to make our great staples more available for providing funds and sustaining our credit abroad by exportation. Adequate precautions have, likewise, been taken to assure, on the export of these leading articles of commerce, when taken out of the Confederacy for private gain, fair returns of useful supplies for the Government and people. The period is yet too brief to allow full realization of the benefits to be expected from this policy, but enough is shown to vindicate its wisdom and call for its maintenance. It would be at once a great triumph over our enemies, and not un unprofitable lesson to neutral nations, that the malice of the former, as exhibited in their futile efforts, by a pretended blockade, to cut off the commerce of the Confederacy, and the stolid indifference of the latter to their violation of the law of nations and recent treaty stipulations, should, by the enhancement of prices consequently falling on consumers abroad, and especially their own people, prove the effective means of sustaining our credit and securing adequate supplies to the Confederacy. This is perfectly practicable by sufficient increase in the number of vessels, and by greater attention to affording facilities for evading the blockade, and rendering more directly the aid and countenance of the Government to the provision of the staples at the ports, and to the enlistment of private enterprise and capital in the trade.

