
The universal appreciation of the value of these great staples suggests the inquiry whether, as they cannot be exported at an approach to their production, they may not be employed within the Confederacy to mabroad they will our external credit. This subject belongs perhaps more appropriately to another department of the Administration, from whose matured thought and larger experience more reliable counsel may be obtained; but the great interest of this Department in utilizing all means of supply and securing acceptable securities for purchasing may excuse the suggestion. It is believed a plan might be devised by which the quantities of these great staples, which could be readily obtained for the Government, by the tithe and the exaction of the tax on them, as on gold in kind, rather than value, might be so disposed of as to provide a tempting mode of investment to capitalists, whether at home or abroad, and thus assure large available means for meeting the disbursements of the war, without the further issue of a redundant currency.

Of all the difficulties encountered by the administrative bureaus, perhaps the greatest has been the deficiency in transportation. With the coasting trade cut off and the command by the enemy, through their naval superiority, of all our great rivers, reliance for internal trade and communication has been necessarily on the railroads. These were never designed nor provided with means for the task now incumbent upon them. They have, besides, suffered much from inability to command the supplies of iron, implements, and machinery they habitually imported, and from many sacrifices and losses in the war. The deficiency of skilled labor has also been a great embarrassment, even in requisite repairs. It is impossible they can be maintained in efficiency, or that even the leading lines can be kept up, without the direct aid and interposition of the Government. Some of the shorter and least important roads must be sacrificed and the iron and machinery taken for the maintenance of the leading lines and for the construction of some essential and less exposed interior links of connection. They will also have to be supplied with sterling funds, or means of exporting our stathem, and facilities of purchasing and importing necessary supplies of machinery and the like. The Government will have to assist, by the construction of cars and locomotives, and to give facilities for procuring labor, and especially skilled labor, oftentimes even by details from the Army, in which, during the first stagnation of business attendant on the war, a very large proportion of the machinists and mechanics entered. It is recommended that by appropriate legislation aids in these various modes be authorized. In return for such privileges full command over all the resources and means of transport possessed by the roads whenever needed for the requirements of the Government should be established. It may be, indeed is, believed now to be absolutely essential for the support of leading armies that on certain lines all the means of transport that can be commanded should be exacted. The roads should be run under unity of management, without reference to their local limits or separate schedules, and with the rolling-stock possessed by all, or which can be drawn from other sources. There should be the full power of commanding all this, and at the same time of requiring the continued service, as far as needed, of all officers and employees of the roads, so that there should not be even temporary [which might be fatal] delay or embarrassment in conducting the transportation. There should be also the power of at once

