
instruction to some safe and convenient point in the neighborhood of Lieutenant-General Longstreet's army. It is not advisable for you select a station immediately within or contiguous to the lines. On reaching your station you will immediately proceed to active operations on enrolling conscripts and arresting deserters. Until further orders you will have authority to enroll Tennessee and Kentucky conscripts. You will apply directly to Lieutenant-general Longstreet for such supporting force as you may deem necessary, and report the same to this Bureau. You will also apply to General Longstreet for the use of such officers as you may think needful as enrolling officers, asking him for their temporary assignment. Your requisitions will be filled as early as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS PINCKNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 2. Richmond, Va., January 18, 1864.

In addition to the copy of special orders detailing disabled officers and soldiers, furnished for the information of the Bureau, commandants will also forward to the Bureau a copy for reference to the commanding officer of the command to which such officers or soldiers belong.

From the omission to forward such copies additional labor is imposed on the Bureau, which its clerical force is insufficient to execute and which properly belongs to the office from which the order is issued.

By command of Colonel John. S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 18, 1864.

His Excellency THOMAS H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th instant, earnestly requesting that Government iron contractors in Alabama be authorized to sell to some of their iron to make and repair agricultural implements, was referred to the chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau for consideration and remarks. I have the honor to invite your attention to the following copy of his reply:

The Government supplies in Alabama will permit the diversion of a considerable quantity of cast iron for agricultural purpose, but very little rolled iron. The loss of the Tennessee rolling-mills and the virtual suspension of the Etowah mills have thrown all the requisition from the Army of Tennessee for wagon-tire and horseshoe upon the two Alabama mills controlled by the Bureau. These requisition can be met with great difficulty, and only by drawing largely upon the Navy. Major Hunt has been instructed to call upon the Governor of Alabama, explain the poverty of our resources, and to urge a concert action from the State authorities in starting additional rolling-mills.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

