
taking possession of and removing the iron on roads which must be sacrificed to maintain or construct others more essential, leaving the just compensation and all other questions of possible litigation to be settled by subsequent equitable and satisfactory processes of investigation and decision. The delays incident to previous settlement, often by vexed litigation, are fatal to the imperative uses which demand the sacrifice, and if permitted local and private interests will almost invariably invite them. No reflection is intended on the zeal or patriotism of the officers or members of these railroad companies. On the contrary, it is gratefully acknowledged that they have generally manifested a most commendable disposition to meet the requirements of the Government, and to make even large sacrifices for the common cause. Still, the measure of sacrifice which the need demands is dimmed to their perception by special interests, and is not unfrequently too great to be acquiesced in without the exhaustion of all means of procrastination and prevention. The boards of directors, too, where they would individually make the required sacrifice, feel constrained, by conscientious regard for their representative trust, to interpose all the obstruction and delays in their power. As the immediate possession and use of the iron in such cases is a pressing necessity, no alternative appears to exist but to give the power of seizure in the first instance, with the fullest precaution for after liberal settlement, and it is earnestly recommended this

The distance and difficulty of communication cause imperfect knowledge of the transactions in the Trans-Mississippi Department since my last report, yet operations there are in the main believed to have been scarcely less encouraging and successful than on the eastern side of the river. It is true that number the pressure of superior numbers, from strategic considerations mainly, our forces retired from Little Rock, and have allowed the enemy to advance to considerable distance in the interior of Arkansas; but in such movements they expose themselves to imminent hazards, and will probably have only been lured to more complete destruction. Similar tactics in the war of our Revolution achieved the decisive triumphs of Saratoga and Yorktown, and the remembrance of these glorious results should enable the people overrun to endure the many sacrifices such policy of withdrawal must entail.

In Texas and Louisiana the invasions of the past winter have either accomplished ridiculously small results, in comparison with the formidable commands employed, or have been successfully repelled. In Western Louisiana especially the various advances of the enemy into the interior have met from our forces, under the skillful leadership of General Taylor, repeated and signal discomfitures. Of the most formidable of their invasions, attempted apparently for the subjugation of the whole country by several converging columns of their land forces, aided by a formidable fleet of gun-boats on the river, we are as yet imperfectly acquainted with results, as the wise policy of our able commander has withdrawn the scene of conflict to the far interior. We have only meager and glozing accounts through the journals of the enemy, yet they suffice to show reiterated disasters sustained and afford grounds for sanguine hope to us that they have met the retribution of fearful losses and may have been entirely captured or destroyed. Another San Jacinto may signalize the annals of the southwest and illustrate the fearful risk to an invading army of pressing, with the purpose of subjugation, to the interior defenses of a free and gallant people.

