
The abundant productions of this fertile region have fortunately precluded all deficiencies of supplies for subsistence to either the armies or the people. In this respect they are fully provided. Their needs are rather of munitions and manufactured stores. Even before the interruption of communication with the east efficient means had been adopted for the establishment of foundries, arsenals, and manufacturing establishments of various kinds and for the development of the mineral and other internal resources of the country. These efforts have been since pressed with increased vigor and with most creditable success. No long time elapse before, in all material respects, the Trans-Mississippi Department will be made self-sustaining for war. Meantime, most liberal contracts and all other practicable measures have been adopted to afford them requisite supplies by importation of arms, munitions, and quartermaster's stores. These have been at least partially successful, and have met the most pressing wants. The deficiency most to be deplored is of a full supply of arms, and this has resulted from no want of foresight or exertion on the part of the Government, but from casual miscarriages and unexpected and most unjustifiable seizures of large cargoes by neutral powers. The subsequent rendition of them, with acknowledgment of error, at distant points, by no means remedied the mischiefs the injustice had inflicted. Notwithstanding the frustration in this way of well-concerted arrangements for supplies of arms and munitions, others have been rewarded with success, and measures now in train of execution, it is confidently hoped, will soon remove existing deficiencies. It is not improbable this has been already more speedily and effectively accomplished by the triumph of our arms and the capture of the abundant stores of the enemy. It is certainly mortifying to think that brave men are kept from the field, when their all is staked, by the want of arms; yet, if they can be supplied by the spoils of victory, they will find, in their equipment, at once encouragement and an inspiration of generous emulation to gallant achievements. They will know, too, the value of their arms and how they should be both guarded and used.

The legislation of the late Congress for the Trans-Mississippi Department was both liberal and provident. Provision was made for the peculiar needs incident to its comparative isolation from the supervision of the central Government and all the agencies of a partially independent government were authorized. In the same spirit has been the action of the Executive. Added rank and dignity have been bestowed upon the able commander and administrator at its head, and to him have been intrusted the full measure of executive powers, which, under our constitutional system, could be exercised by other than the President. Thus, full confidence has been manifested by both branches of the Government in his fidelity, capacity, and judgment, and all the incentives to effort and all the means of accomplishment which could be commanded have been imparted. It is not doubted such unusual trusts are merited and will be justified in their exercise, and that continuing confidence and sanction to his administration of affairs will be assured by its happy results. Accounts concur in representing him as enjoying likewise the esteem and confidence of the people of the department. They, notwithstanding the sacrifices and losses to which they have necessarily been subjected, are believed to be resolute, hopeful, and reliant both on themselves and their leaders. Portions of their country may be overrun or temporarily occupied by the hosts of their unscrupulous foes, but they

