
of military service, or to repress uprisings of disaffection or disloyalty. In short, by their representatives, the people, not reluctantly, but eagerly and fearful rather of shortcoming than excess, have, through regular constitutional action, commanded for their country and its cause the labor, property, and lives of all. In the consciousness of such devotion and sacrifice to a righteous cause they may well feel reliant and indomitable, and await with constancy and faith the shock of coming battle. They have, too, much to encourage and every incentive to nerve and animate. Our enemies exhibit unmistakable evidences of despondency, of approaching bankruptcy, and internal convulsion. They will be, during the year, in the throes of intense political struggle, distracted beyond all precedent by the jars and strifes of acrimonious factions contending for the prize of almost despotic power and madly extravagant expenditure. To a large proportion of their people, and among them the wisest and the best, the vile faction who are the authors and prosecutors of the war are scarce less odious than to ourselves, and with nearly as much reason, since its triumph is the practical subversion of their Constitution and laws, and the precursor of speedy destruction to their, as surely as to our, liberties. If any redemption remains to the people of the United States from the wickedness and madness that have urged them to this war, it can only be by recurrence to the principles of self-government in the people of the State and to the counsels of peace.

All the indications of the incipient campaign, too, are auspicious and inspiring. Cheering accounts of success greet us from every quarter of the Confederacy. Since the penning of the first PAGEs of this report the notes of decisive victory, imperfectly heard from the remote confines of the trans-Mississippi, have been swollen by the acclaim from Paducah and Fort Pillow, and have culminated in the shouts of complete triumph at the brilliant achievements of a young and rising general of North Carolina on his native soil. Many minor successes contribute to justify grateful exultation, but all should fail to excite presumption, and only animate to greater effort and to humbler trust in the blessing of Heaven on our arms.

The greatest incentive yet remains. Our only outlet to existence and safety is through the portals of victory. We have burned the ships behind us. It will not do to fail. Subjected to the hate and brutality of our malignant foes, to what depths of penury, misery, and baseness should we not be crushed? Our Confederacy would be extinct; our States broken up; our institutions, social and industrial, uprooted, and our people stripped of property, liberty, and all rights, now in coming generations, the thralls of Yankees and their allied hordes of miscreant foreigners, held to the tasks of drudgery and infamy by the insolent ministry of our slaves in arms. No conquered people would have ever writhed under such masters, nor have been steeped in such bitterness and infamy. For this end, shall we have made such priceless sacrifices of blood and treasure, and done and dared as our Army and people have in this war? Shall the hosts of our gallant dead-our "noble army of martyrs"-in vain have attested with their lives the sacredness and truth of their country's cause? Are they to live in memory not enshrined amid the halo of fame for the inspiration and reverence of future generations, but branded for warning and execration, with the lasting stigma of a rebel's name and a traitor's fate? Are the thousands and tens of thousands of the invalided, the scarred and maimed heroes of this

