
war, instead of being followed through life with the homage of honor and gratitude, to drag out a wretched existence, the conspicuous objects of detestation, obloquy, and contempt? Shall we and ours, from the honored sires and beloved mothers to the maiden in her purity or the prattling innocent, with all our homes and means, be the victims or prey of Yankee insolence, cupidity, and hate? We cannot, in sober verity, afford to be conquered. Such existence offers no boon to tempt nor consolation to reconcile. IN contrast, on the other hand, through the vista of no distant time, see the Confederacy of our choice established in power and dignity; our States in the benignant exercise of acknowledged sovereignty; the courage and virtue of our people tested and approved; our institutions, social and industrial, vindicated and freed from the malignant intermeddling of fanatic or insidious enemies, confirmed on the basis that so happily reconciles capital with labor and harmonizes dependence with protection, and the desolated homes and ravaged fields of our favored land restored and flourishing under the benignant smiles of peace and plenty. Let our people "look on this picture, and then on that," and choose. For it is a matter only of choice and the will to fulfill it. We have the numbers, the resources, and the means adequate to our certain redemption and triumph if only they be commanded, concentrated, and wielded with energy and unity by the will of a people unalterably fixed never to succumb, but to prefer release in the gravethe horrors and infamy of lasting slavery. We have only to act in this spirit, and humbly confiding in the favor of Heaven, we may be assured no distant day will witness the confusion and discomfiture of our enemies and the permanent attainment to us and our posterity, through the achievements of victory, of peace, freedom, and independence.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES, Macon, Ga., April 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,
Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I feel it my duty to state to you that the number of the reserve corps is likely to fall below the estimate, as well as the reason for it. It is attributable to the course of the Governor of Georgia. If Governor Brown had complied with the requirements of the law of Congress and exempted those only who were necessary for the proper administration of the State government, we should have had several thousand more men in the service than we can get under his proclamation. That you may be fully apprised of what he has done I herewith inclose a copy of his exemption proclamation and a copy of a letter I addressed him on the subject, to which I have received no reply.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

