
officers under the old organization are protected by law till their commissions are suspended, which takes place in each senatorial district so soon as the Governor issues his order to that effect, which is to be done in ten days after the new organization in the district is completed. The officers and guards of the penitentiary, the officers and employees of the cotton card factory in Milledgeville.

If I have omitted any officer whom the law makes it my duty to protect, the fact will be made when the omission is discovered.

As some of the enrolling officers in this State, from ignorance of their duty or disregard of the orders of their superiors, assume to command the officers of the State, and to sit in judgment upon the legality of their commissions, all the above-mentioned officers are hereby notified that the enrolling officers have no jurisdiction over them, and they will obey no orders from any Confederate officer. If they are seized by force and carried from their homes they will at once notify me of the fact.

Upon the demand of the enrolling officer, it will be the duty of each State officer to exhibit his commission if he has it with him; if not, to get and exhibit it in a reasonable time. In case of deputy sheriffs, deputy clerks, jailers, and constables, the law provides that the order of appointment by the person or court having the power of appointment shall constitute the commission.

The enrolling officers have no jurisdiction to try the legality of a commission issued from this department or from the court or person in whom the law vests the power to give commissions. In case any doubt arises as to the legality of a commission held by any person, or the enrolling officer has reason to suspect that it is a forgery, or that the holder is practicing any other imposition, such enrolling officer is respectfully invited to forward a statement of the facts to me at this place, and I will inform him promptly whether the person claiming to be an officer is such in fact, and will afford him every facility in my power to arrest any person who may have escaped under such false pretext. If the enrolling officers will adopt this course there will be no reason for conflict or misunderstanding.

In case of deputy sheriffs and deputy clerks of the several counties, the law does not limit the principal sheriff or clerk to a single deputy, but authorizes him to appoint "deputies. " As I am satisfied, however, that one deputy is quite sufficient in any county, unless it may be in the office of sheriff in the larger cities, and that some of the counties may not need a deputy at all, I have thought that I carry out in its spirit, if not its letter, the resolution of the Legislature when I refuse to protect more than one deputy for each clerk and sheriff ixcept in case of the sheriffs of the counties embracing the larger cities, who upon their oaths declare that a second deputy is necessary, as above provided.

I regret to learn that able-bodied young men have in some cases been elected to inferior county, district, or militia offices to the exclusion of old men competent to fill the places; but as the constitution and laws give me no control over the decisions of the people in such cases, and no right to interfere with them in the exercise of the elective franchise, I have no discretion, but am obliged to commission those who are legally elected, and under the general rule of law am obliged to extend to them the same protection which is afforded to other commissioned officers. I know of individual cases where I regret this necessity imposed by a general rule of law, and would give the office to older men over whom they have succeeded, and send them

