
to the Army if I could do so in the legal discharge of my duty. But I must yield to the choice of chose who have the right to make the selection.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES, Macon, April 21, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,
Governor, &amp;c., Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: I have been assigned by the President to the command of the Georgia reserve force to be organized under the late act of Congress, calling the men between seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty into the service. Impelled by both duty and feeling I desire to make this force as efficient as possible. We are pressed on all sides by the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, and our own State is threatened both on the sea-board and the northwest. At no time since the war began has there existed so urgent a necessity for calling into the field every man capable of serving the country, and whose services are not more valuable at home than in the field. It is only necessary to state the proposition to receive your responsive approval. In your recent address to the people of Georgia, of the 9th instant, declaring who are exempt from military service, I find the following paragraph:

I regret to learn that able-bodied young men have in some cases elected to inferior county, district, or militia offices to the exclusion of old men competent to fill the places; but as the constitution and laws give me no control over the decisions of the people in such cases, and no right to interfere with them in the exercise of the elective franchise, I have no discretion, but am obliged to commission those who are legally elected, and under the general rule of law am obliged to extend to them the same protection which is afforded to other commissioned officers. I know of individual cases where I regret this necessity imposed by a general rule of law, and would give the office to older men over whom they have succeeded, and send them to the Army if I could do so in the legal discharge of my duty. But I must yield to the choice of those who have the right to make the selection.

This expression of feeling authorizes the conclusion that Your Excellency desires to place in the military service of the country all that class whom you regret to find avoiding their duty by holding State commissions, but whose presence at home is not required for any State service. This class I fear is large, and with Your Excellency's co-operation I think can be withdrawn from their official retreats, and be brought into the service of their country, where their presence is called for by every consideration of duty and patriotism.

Allow me to call your attention to the language of the act of Congress under which these exemptions are made. It is as follows:

The Vice-President of the Confederate States, the members and officers of Congress, and of the several State Legislatures, and such other Confederate and State officers as the President or the Governors of the respective States may certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the Confederate or State governments, as the case may be.

You will perceive that Congress intended that those, and those only, should be exempted whom the Governors of the respective States may certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the State governments. I submit that the sweeping exemption of all civil and military officers of the State was never contemplated for a moment in the passage of this act; if so, the law could have so declared; but

