
the object was to enable the Governor of each State to retain all who, in his judgment, were necessary for the administration of the State government. Hence the law, reposing confidence in the sound judgment and patriotic devotion of the State Executives, put these exemptions under the control of the Governor, whose certificate was alone required to authorize the exemption. If I am right in this view of the subject I should respectfully ask Your Excellency to consider whether all the officers exempted under your certificate are necessary for the proper administration of the State government. Allow me to allude to some of these officers in detail.

First. The number of sheriffs and their deputies. The business of the courts is almost entirely suspended, and I seriously doubt if there is a county in Georgia where a single deputy is required in either of these offices. Sheriffs require a jailer in each county, but beyond that none of them have the least use for a deputy. In these two offices of sheriffs and clerks of courts there are probably over 400 deputies not needed at home for the business of their offices.

Second. There are in Georgia over 2,000 justices of the peace and over 1,000may safely say that one justice of the peace can do all the business of any district in the State, and one-fourth of the constables could do all that appertains to that office. Could not all these offices be as well filled by men over fifty, and by not exempting any justice of the peace or constable of military age? I am sure no injury would be done to this branch of the State service, whilst the ranks of our Army would be considerably increased. I have been informed of districts where there has not been a justice of the peace for several years, but to obtain exemptions these offices have been sought and are now filled by men both liable and capable of doing military duty.

Third. The number of militia officers commissioned in the late organization of the active militia of Georgia is unknown to me, but from the best data in my possession I say they exceed 3,000, including field and staff officers and company officers. As all the men composing the active militia have been transferred to the Confederate service, I do not see that their services are required for the proper administration of the State government. I would respectfully suggest that when the militia over fifty and under seventeen are called out there will be found in their number those qualified to fill all the offices without withholding from the service for that purpose the able-bodied young men who now hold commissions as military officers. I do not know what proportion of the officers to whom I have alluded are between the ages of seventeen and fifty, but I am quite sure the State service would not suffer any grievous injury if all such were put into the regular military service of the country. There are doubtless other officers of the State with whom, and their necessity for State service, Your Excellency is better acquainted than I am. My object is to call your attention to all who at this trying and critical juncture can be induced or required to come forward and stand by their brethren in arms, in the defense of the rights and liberties of our State and Confederacy. I am aware that the Legislature at its late session resolved. "That all civil and military officers of this State shall be exempt. " To this, however, I would respectfully reply that the act of Congress did not submit this question to the respective Legislatures, but to the respective Governors, for decision, and I insist that the Legislature could not require the Governor to give a certifi-

