
cate that all civil and military officers of the State were necessary for the proper administration of the State government if, in point of fact, he did not believe that such was the case. They had no right, either legal or moral, to tax your conscience with a certificate which the laws of the country had submitted to your own decision. If, therefore, you believe, as I infer from your published address is your belief, and as I am sure every intelligent and patriotic man in the State will agree with you in saying, that all of these officers are not necessary to the proper administration of the State government, I submit that you would render the country great benefit by so modifying your certificate as to limit the exemption to those officers who are necessary to the proper administration of the State government, and allow and require all others to go into the military service of the country. I feel quite sure from my knowledge of the members of the Legislature that they did not contemplate such a result from their action as it now appears is likely to follow. Your action, I feel confident, in giving to the military service of the country all not necessary for the administration of the State government, will give to the members of the Legislature, in common with your fellow-citizens generally, real and sincere gratification.

It is to be regretted that the condition of the country demands so large a withdrawal of its population from the ordinary pursuits of life, but this is a necessity which cannot be avoided, however much it may be deplored. Besides, it is not justices of the peace, deputy sheriffs, clerks, and militia officers who are needed at home, but farmers and mechanics, and it is far better that as many of the latter and as few of the former as possible be withheld from service, as just as the number of sinecure deputies and militia officers at home increases, so the necessity for calling into the field more of our farmers and mechanics is increased. As it is important that the reserve force should be efficiently organized at the earliest possible day, I request your early attention to the subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS FOR EAST LOUISIANA, Mobile, April 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON,

Superintendent of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I have temporarily established my office at this place. I have received reports from some of my officers exhibiting the fact that conscription in East Louisiana has thus far proved a failure. This failure arises not for the want of material upon which to operate, for such material is there and can be made available, but is entirely owing to the laxity and irregularities of officers sent there. They have been subject to no control; they have not been established at any regular posts; they have been furnished with none of the laws and orders touching conscription; they have not been paid since they entered the State; they have not been supplied with blanks, books, or stationery, and, in short, had they been disposed to exercise industry and energy, they could have accomplished nothing without organization as prescribed by your Bureau and an efficient and recognized head of the department. I

