
[JANUARY 18, 1864. -For Smith to Murrah, in regard to the organization of a force for the protection of the Indian frontier of Texas see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part II, p. 886.]

AN ACT to provide for holding election for Representatives in the Congress of the Confederate States from the States of Missouri.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That election for Representatives in the Congress of the Confederate States for the State of Missouri may be held as follows, until the Legislature of said State shall otherwise direct: That each voter shall be allowed to vote one ticket, containing the name of one person for each one of the seven Congressional districts of said State, and the persons receiving the highest number of votes for the Representatives districts, shall be commissioned as Representatives by the Governor of said State.

SEC. 2. Such election shall be held upon the first Monday in May next, and upon the same day of each second year thereafter during the war.

SEC. 3. Such election shall be held by the officers authorized, or person appointed or provided by the laws of said State for the purpose of holding such elections, and shall be conducted according to the mode prescribed by the laws of said State, except so far as the same are modified by this act.

SEC. 4. In such election, any citizens of the Confederate States who shall be qualified to vote for a member of the most numerous branch of the State Legislature of said State, shall be entitled to vote at the place or places in said State, at which he would entitled to vote in an election for such member of said Legislature.

SEC. 5. But in case such citizen shall be in the military service of the Confederate States, or in case he shall be driven his home by the occupation of his country by the public enemy, or by the movements of the enemy's troops, or in case the election cannot be held at the usual places of holding the same, by reason of such occupation or movements, them such citizen shall be allowed to vote at any place of voting in said State, or in the camps of the Army, as herein after provided.

SEC. 6. Such elections for Representatives, when held I the camshall be conducted as follows: In every army corps, division, or command, the colonel of each regiment, or other officer in command of any less body on detached service, shall appoint two judges and three clerks to open and hold such election, who shall hold the same and make out the poll books and returns, under the same rules and regulations, as far as practicable, as if the same were opened and held at the usual places of holding the same in said State, and shall allow all persons entitled to vote therein.

SEC. 7. The returns of such election in camps shall be forwarded by the several commanding officers, appointing the judges and clerks as aforesaid, to the highest officer in grade, and the senior of the grade from said State, for which the same is held in the encampment or Army, in which the same is held, whose duty is shall be, at once, to forward the same to the Governor of the State, or the same may be, if more convenient, forwarded by such commanding officer directly to the Governor.

SEC. 8. In case the exigencies of the public service prevent the holding of the elections in any camp under this act, at the time provided by law, the same may be held at any time within ten days after

