
have already taken steps with a view of bringing about this organization, and I am encouraged in the belief that out of the disorder that has spread itself throughout Eastern Louisiana, system and order can be inaugurated and that portion of our country brought within the influence and control of your Bureau. I deem it most important that I repair at the earliest practical moment to my field of action, and earnestly though respectfully urge that a quartermaster and commissary be sent me at this place as soon as possible. I cannot enter upon the discharge of my duties without them, and will therefore wait at this point for them to report to me. In the absence of a disbursing officer I have the honor to inclose an estimate* for funds required in my department. I would be glad if it could be referred to the officer desiter-General as my quartermaster. I need not repeat how absolutely essential it is that in a country where towns are few, where there are no post quartermasters and commissaries, that the quartermaster of our bureau should come to us prepared to supply the wants of the department.

Asking your indulgence for the earnest manner in which I represent my wants.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

FRANK CLARKE,

Major and Commandant.

[First indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., May 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel J. S. Preston, superintendent, with the recommendation that application be made for the assignment of a quartermaster to report to Major Clarke for duty.

JOHN CLAIBORNE,

Major and Quartermaster in Charge, Bureau of Conscription.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, May 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General, with the request that a quartermaster be assigned to duty with Major Frank Clarke as soon as possible.

JNO S. PRESTON,

Colonel and Superintendent.

[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 31, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General with the recommendation that Captain Israel Gibbon, assistant quartermaster, be ordered to report to Major Frank Clarke, commandant of conscripts for East Louisiana, for assignment to duty.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

