
GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 44.
 Richmond, April 29, 1864.

I. The number of general staff officers, and the grade of each, allowed to the several commands in the field are established as follows:

1. To an army composed of two or more corps: A senior assistant adjutant and inspector general, and an assistant adjutant and inspector general, not to exceed the grade of colonel, each of whom may have two assistant adjutant and inspector generals, one not to exceed the grade of lieutenant-colonel, and the other of major. One of the assistant to the senior assistant, adjutant and inspector general, selected with a view to his special qualifications for the duty, will be charged with the examination of court-martial records. A surgeon as medical director, who may be assisted by one other surgeon. A surgeon as medical inspector.

2. To an army corps: A senior assistant adjutant and inspector general, and an assistant adjutant and inspector general, not to exceed the grade of lieutenant-colonel, each of whom may have one assistant adjutant and inspector-general, not to exceed the grade of major. A surgeon as medical director and inspector.

3. To a division: A senior assistant adjutant and inspector-general, and an assistant adjutant and inspector-general, not to exceed the grade of major. A surgeon as chief surgeon and inspector, who will also have charge of the field infirmary.

4. To a brigade: An assistant adjutant and inspector-general, of the grade of captain. A brigade quartermaster and a brigade commissary, each of the grade of major, as now authorized by law. The senior surgeon will act as brigade surgeon and inspector. He will also have charge of the field infirmary, and perform at the same time his duties as regimental surgeon.

5. Each general officer will have the aides-de-camp allowed by law- one for a brigadier-general and two for all other general officers.

6. Cavalry divisions and brigades may each have an assistant adjutant and inspector-general, not to exceed the grade of major, in addition to the number allowed infantry divisions and brigades.

II. Senior assistant adjutant and inspector-generals and assistant adjutant and inspector-generals may be required to alternate their duties.

III. The number and grade of the preceding general staff officers attached to the headquarters of a military department will be assimilated, according to the above scale, to the number of troops constituting the military force in the department. Special assignments in addition may be made by the War Department when the extent of country and nature and scope of duties may require it.

IV. The assistant adjutant and inspector-generals will not be of higher grade than is herein designated. Should the general prefer an officer having a lower grade, he may be assigned to duty with the command.

V. General officers will report to the Adjutant and Inspector-General all officers of the several staff department now serving in their respective commands, and will at the same time recommend for reassignment such as may be required under the provisions of this order.

VI. All assignments of general staff officers will be made by order from this office, and they will not be changed except by like authority.

VII. Commands will not be allowed a greater number of staff officers than is herein established; nor will officers of the line be

