
assigned to staff duty without special authority. Should it be deemed insufficient for the transmission of orders on the battle-field, couriers and guides (authorized in General Orders, No. 17, last series) will be employed by general officers, who will announce them in orders as persons accredited to convey their instructions and other communications.

VIII. Vacancies will be filled by selection from the officers of the department in which they occur.

IX. These orders being confined to the general staff proper, the organization of the other departments will not be affected by them.

X. Promotions in the general staff of the Army will be by selection and not by seniority, except in cases of known competency for higher grade.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[APRIL 29, 1864. -For Anderson to Brent, in reference to execution of impressment law in East Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 847.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVES OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Raleigh, April 29, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office:

GENERAL: After a full conference with Colonel Mallett, commandant of conscripts, and on examination of the reports of his enrolling officers in different parts of the State, I am pained to report that there is much disaffection in many of the counties, which, emboldened by the absence of troops, is being organized in some places to resist enrolling officers and persecute and prey upon the loyal and true citizens. At present my orders do not authorize me to act, as the reserve force is as yet without organization. I therefore respectfully suggest that my powers be extended so as to enable me to use any troops that may be available for the suppression of this insurrectionary spirit; and further, that in organizing the reserve force that I be authorized to separate the two classes, and as far as I may find necessary call the junior class (i. e., from seventeen to eighteen) into immediate service. This will take but little from the agricultural interest, and that little will be more than counterbalanced by the quiet and confidence incident to the security it will give to those that remain. An early answer is respectfully requested.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Mary 3, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL [MAY] 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg for his consideration and counsel.

23 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

