
I had supposed it would be more judicious to mingle the youth of seventeen and eighteen with the older men. This, however, had reference rather to the morale and management of the former than to three individual interests to which General Holmes refers. There are, I suppose, no additional troops available for the service recommended.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 29, 1864.

Special instructions have been given about calling out the reserves. I do not think the officer charged with the organization and equipment of reserves should have his duties complicated by any geographical command beyond what is necessary for that purpose, and it is especially objectionable that military officers should be at all mixed up with the unfortunate political dissensions in our States.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

MAY 31, 1864.

Conference with General Holmes has obviated the necessity of any instructions.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, April 30, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit my report concerning the operations of the conscription service from the 1st of January to the 1st of April, 1864. This report indicates but a very meager portion of the work which has been performed. The results are the scanty gleanings from an almost unlimited and nearly exhausted field of labor, every inch of which has to be searched, analyzed, and classified in every relation to the great problem of recruiting and maintaining the armies.

No attribute which pertains to society or civil economy but has been subjected to the scrutiny and action of this Bureau and its agencies. With the incompetent means under its control, all has been done which could be effected by zeal and diligence. The result indicate this grave consideration for the Government, that fresh material for the armies can no longer be estimated as an element of future calculation for their increase and that necessity demands the invention of devices for keeping in the ranks the men now borne on the rolls. The stern revocation of all details, an appeal to the patriotism of the States claiming large numbers of able-bodied men, and the accretions by age, are now almost the only unexhausted sources of supply. For conscription from the general population, the functions of this Bureau may cease with the termination of the year 1864.

Papers A, B, C, and D are the reports of the officers of this Bureau relative to matters with which they are respectively charged and exhibiting statements and views which I deem worthy of your consideration. *

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

