
producers, those on whom the country and the Army must depend for supplies, are the classes having much less than "fifteen hands," and down to single laborers on farms. As numerous as this class is, it has already been drained of men to a point which requires great caution in making further abstractions. My opinion is that the agriculture of the country cannot safely spare more than a very small additional draft. I am not sure that the public defense would not be strengthened instead of weakened by adding to the labor thus employed.

III. In manufactures and mechanical arts the like necessities seem to exist. Perhaps no civilized country was ever so barren of manufactures and mechanical arts as the States of the Confederacy at the beginning of the war; and certainly no country, since the blockade was established, has needed them more. No one article of clothing or mechanical production was supplied within these States, so that, under the blockade, it has become an absolute necessity, even for the meager supply now existing, that every manufacturer and mechanics should be kept to his art. As the stock which existed at the beginning of war approaches absolute exhaustion this necessity of course increase. Prudence requires great caution in further diminishing this class. The Army and the people must be fed and clothed, and the munitions of war must be furnished, and the persons engaged in these purposes are already too few for the ends. It is in the class of non-producers that the enrolling officer must chiefly look for his recruits to the Army, and it is in determining who these non-producers are that the conscript authorities are engaged in hourly contest with every authority, every prejudice, every interest, and every fear which exists in the Confederacy. Governors and judges demand some local convenience; others, pecuniary or other interests, and the needs of every occupation are magnified into public necessities. Towns and cities demand able-bodied men for police; banks and brokers, for clerks; charitable institutions, for wardens; public functionaries, for subalterns, and all on the plea that such are necessary for the public good. There is one universal effort to keep men from the field. Since I took charge of this Bureau no authority, association, or individual has offered one man to the military service. Against all this the conscription authorities are daily contending. The results evince that the officers have been doing their duty.

IV. I regret that I am compelled to report that in no department of Government has the law been rigidly complied with in the matter of details. The plea of public necessity has been so strenuously urged and so distinctly proved that continuations have been allowed beyond the contemplation of law. I respectfully recommend that as soon as the reserves are organized the law be rigidly enforced.

V. The functions of conscription are now narrowed down to a system of delicate gleaning from the population of the country, involving the most laborious, patient, cautious, and intelligent investigation into the relations of every man to the public defense. There are but few left whose appropriate duties in those relations have not been defined, and it thence becomes the province of the conscription agents to weigh and determine whether those relations may not be disturbed for the purpose of sending more men into the field and distributing them for the general service.

The efficiency of the Bureau in these investigations has been seriously impaired by the failure to retain in office about seventy officers, selected by you for their peculiar fitness for and accurate training in these duties.

