
the preventing cause may cease; the time for holding the same to be fixed by the officer authorized to appoint the judges and clerks.

SEC. 9. Such officer shall be authorized to administer the proper oaths to the judges and clerks, or they may administer the same to each other.

SEC. 10. Every person concerned in holding such election shall take an oath to support the Constitution of the Confederate States, and to discharge his duty, in holding such election, faithfully and impartially.

Approved January 19, 1864.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION Numbers 3. Richmond, Va., January 19, 1864.

In view of the great increase of special applications for exemption and the facilities with which signatures are obtained, it has become necessary to prescribe regulations for proceeding in such cases to prevent the allowed of exemption in case specially presented and supported by many signers, with some show of testimony, but without real merit. The officers of conscription will therefore be governed by the following instructions:

I. Every application should be sworn to by the applicant and verified by the affidavits of at least two respectable citizens who are personally acquainted with the facts testified to by them.

II. Applications so verified should be carefully, particularly, and vigilantly investigated by the local enrolling officers, and report of the facts, with their opinion in approval or disapproval, forwarded through the proper official channel, with the application, to the commandant.

III. The investigation should not be confined to an examination of the papers alone, or into the truth of the statements therein made, but should be directed with a view of ascertaining all the facts and circumstances of the case, and the exact condition of the parties with relation thereto, than an intelligent opinion on its merits may be formed. For this purpose inquiries should be instituted of persons unconnected with the application. The report should be somewhat in detail, setting forth seriatim the facts developed in the investigation, giving briefly the reasons for the opinion expressed, and instead of being of paper.

IV. In expressing his own opinion of approval the commandant will state whether he recommends permanent or temporary exemption; and if temporary, for what length of time:

V. No application will be considered unless investigated in accordance with these instructions.

By command of Colonel John. S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

