
N. -SUMMARY.

From the reports now in this Bureau, it appears that for the months of December, January, February, and March 7,513 conscripts were assigned to the Army, 2,325 volunteers were assigned to the Army, 8,306 deserters were returned to the Army-18,144 increase to the Army.

The reports of the number of persons exempted by law and orders of the War Department are not complete. The number so reported in North Carolina has not been fully reported, and the commandant has been directed to furnish this information.

In Alabama and Mississippi the number exempt by law and orders up to 1st of January is given, but not the number exempt by boards of examination.

The total number of persons detailed in Alabama and Mississippi is not known, as the reports of the number detailed is up to the 1st of January, 1864.

Taking the number detailed in those States at that time, there are 13,142 conscripts detailed.

Upon the same reports, exclusive of North Carolina, there are 20,435 conscripts exempted by law and orders, 5,847 conscripts exempted by boards of examination.

The commandants of Alabama and Mississippi have been written to furnish a complete report of the operations of conscription in those States and as soon as their reports are received they will be forwarded. It is a matter of much difficulty to obtain accurate reports from these States, owing to the confusion of the service and to the very meager reports (in some instances none) from no records having been kept. All these details and exemptions are now revoked, and new ones will have to be issued under the late act of Congress, which went into operation on the 1st of April, 1864.

[APRIL 30, 1864. -For Davis to Chesnut, relative to the organization of the reserve force in South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 329.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, April 30, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just received a communication addressed you by Colonel Bayne of the 2d instant,* and indorsed by you on the 4th, requesting a reply to certain inquiries of the Quartermaster-General respecting contracts to pay for supplies for his department in cotton. Since the late act of Congress and the regulations issued in execution thereof, it seems to me that the policy of the Government on that subject is changed, and that no new contracts should be made for the delivery of cotton in payment of contracts. It would be better to put an end to some of the existing contracts and take to the Government the benefit of the entire shipment of Government cotton. The difficulty which meets every arrangement is transportation; and inasmuch

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

