
GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 45.
 Richmond, May 2, 1864.

I. To prevent straggling in the Army, commanding officers, upon the receipt of orders to move from one command to another, will forward to the general commanding to whom he is ordered to report a field return, which will exhibit the present strength of their commands. When their destination is reached a like return will be made to the same commander, upon which the number and names of the absentees and the cause of their absence will be stated. Similar returns will be forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector-General. Officers will be held strictly accountable by commanding generals for any straggling that may occur with their troops.

II. Special attention is called to the appropriation by impressment of horses for cavalry service. It is without warrant of law and will not be allowed under any circumstances whatever. Commanding generals and inspecting officers will promptly report to this office any violation of this order.

III. Prisoners captured south of Richmond will be sent direct to Andersonville, Sumter County, Ga.

IV. Special agents to make purchases or secure shipment of supplies will not be sent to any foreign port except in cases of most urgent necessity, of which necessity report will be made immediately to the Secretary of War. All purchases will be made by agents under orders from the Secretary of War, or by officers charged with the export and importation of cotton and purchase of foreign supplies, or by officers or agents acting under express authority from the general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department.

V. All horses impressed by the Government sold or in any manner assigned to officers will be immediately restored to the Quartermaster's Department, to be appropriated to the public service as contemplated by law. Such sales and assignments by order of a commanding general are prohibited and will not be sanctioned.

VI. Every officer hereafter appearing in behalf of a prisoner on trial before a military court of court-martial will do so only upon the condition and understanding that he is under a pledge of honor that he has not and will not receive compensation therefor.

VII. The Bureau of Conscription will proceed at once to organize into companies and cause to be mustered into service the reserve forces in the several States enrolled in pursuance of General Orders, No. 33, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, current series. For this purpose district enrolling officers are authorized to act as mustering and inspecting officers. They will superintend the election of company officers, and forward the muster-rolls certified by them, with the certificates of election, to the commandant of conscripts for the State in which such companies may be organized, to be by him turned over to the general commanding the reserve forces.

VIII. Upon receiving the muster-rolls the general commanding the reserve forces will issue orders placing in commission and upon duty the officers named in the certificates, if competent; and, reserving copies, will forward the original rolls, with certified copies of their orders inclosed, to this Bureau for file. If there be reason to doubt the competency of an officer elect, his qualifications and fitness for commission will be inquired into and reported upon by a board to be convened by the general commanding, in accordance with General

24 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

