
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, January 19, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have seen Major J. J. Walker, acting commissary of subsistence for the State, and he has explained in a satisfactory manner what his agents in the different counties of the State are doing, and the object of the census of property being taken . While those complaints of the illegal conduct of agents were being made, a little explanation by sensible officers would have avoided all the difficulty. The impressment of private property is always odious and ought to be avoided whenever possible. It is a better policy for the Government to pay double price than to make impressments. If we fail to achieve our independence in this contest the failure will arise from breaking down the spirits of the people by acts of tyranny by our own officers.

The impressments of property only aggravates the price and creates opposition to the Government and our cause. The practical operation of the impressment system has been disastrous.

So far as Major Walker himself is concerned, I should never fear anything from his acts that was wrong. He is a man of fine common sense and of high character, and he takes pains to perform the most onerous duties in such a manner as to retain the good will of all with whom he has to do, but many of the impressing officers care neither for God nor man.

The object of this letter was simply to say that Major Walker's explanation was entirely satisfactory.

Very respectfully,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT.

Richmond, Va., January 19, 1864.

R. S. McCULLOH, Esq.:

SIR: In granting you a passport to go beyond the limits of the Confederate States, you are authorized, under an act to organize bodies for the capture and destruction of the enemy's property by land and sea, approved 17th of February, 1864, to engaged on of the enemy's property on the high seas or the rivers, lakes, and harbors in the United States or the Confederate States of America, or on the territory of either or both of them. You will be governed, however, by the laws of nations, destroying only army and navy supplies and such other property as may be directly serviceable to the enemy in waging war against the Confederate States of America. Passenger vessels will be exempt from injury at your hands. You are also authorized it instruct and organize outside the limits of the Confederate States a company of men, not to exceed twenty in number, to act under your orders in the performance of the service in which you are hereby empowered to engage, taking strict care to observe the laws and rights of neutrals. You will forward a muster-roll of the company to this Department. Your services will be rendered without pay or other compensation than the percentage of loss or injury caused by you to the enemy's property, to be awarded by the board of officers appointed for that purpose by this Department to

