
Orders, No. 39, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, series of 1862.

IX. Each company of infantry must consist of at least sixty-four privates; of cavalry, sixty privates; of artillery, eighty-four privates.

The muster into service of new companies in the reserve forces having a less number of privates is positively prohibited.

X. Paragraph XVII, General Orders, No. 42, current series, is thus amended:

The tobacco ration issued to enlisted men will be one pound per month.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 26th ultimo I had the honor to address the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury asking his construction of the thirteenth regulation. My letter is returned with the following indorsement:

* * * * *

When cotton is delivered by the Government to a vessel for freight or supplies upon a contract approved by the Treasury Department, the whole quantity can be shipped without hindrance, and the Government only claims one-half the remaining tonnage.

I have not understood that contracts for supplies and munitions of war would require any other approval than yours, and I have supposed that such cotton as the War Department might pay for importations, or freight upon the same, would become entitled to the privilege of the thirteenth regulation upon the certificate of the agent of the War Department at the port of entry that it had been so paid. The Honorable Secretary of the Treasury's indorsement seems to convey a different impression, and I have the honor, therefore, to request specific instructions upon these points. In this connection I beg to invite your attention to a question of some importance which it would be well to decide distinctly at once. From what appropriation will be cotton needed to pay for importations and freight on same be purchased? Will the importations and the freight be paid for o ut of the $20,000,000 appropriation for the purpose of making "purchases of cotton, naval stores, and other produce, under the direction of the President, to meet the engagements of the Government and to purchase necessary army, navy, and other supplies?" Or will each bureau and department provide out of its appropriation the funds to purchase cotton to cover cost of the importations for its account? My own opinion is that the first view is the correct one. The second would entail upon the agents of the War Department the very complications it has been so long the object to get rid of. Every bureau and department would have a cotton account, and it would be difficult, if not impossible, to bring forward to the ports the proportions needed by the several bureaus and departments. The plan proposed is to have at each port one stock of cotton and one disbursing agent, who would pay for such importation and freights as were chargeable, to any department of the Government. It is the simplest and best, and, as it seems to me, the one contemplated by the language

