
of the $20,000,000 appropriation, as well by the "regulations for the purchase, transportation, and shipment abroad of tobacco, cotton, &amp;c.," established by yourself and the Honorable Secretaries of the Navy and the Treasury, and approved by the President, for, manifestly, if you had not so thought, the seventh regulation, which provides for the transfer to the Treasury Department of the cotton, &c., now owned by the various departments, would have been omitted, inasmuch as such departments would have to make other purchases to pay for importations and freights.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 2, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB:

GENERAL: I have regretted being unable sooner to reply to the inquiries of your letter to General Cooper on the subject of local reserves, but hope that no inconvenience has resulted, as I had full conference with Colonel Browne, of the President's staff, before his departure to superintend conscription in Georgia, and requested him to confer with you and explain fully the views of the Department.

There is no doubt that before the expiration of the thirty days after notice allowed by the law organizations may be formed by volunteering under the law, and that such should be received with the officers elected by the men. Upon the expiration of the thirty days the men enrolled (being called together in each county on more convenient divisions) will be arranged into companies and allowed to elect their officers, and then turned over to you for organization. I would have preferred to have the men simply enrolled and turned over to you, but I did not see how, without a double set of officers, the agencies of the Conscript Bureau could well be dispensed with in the arrangement into companies and the preliminary steps to organization. Further than may be necessary for the purposes of organization, I do not deem it desirable to have these local reserves either placed or kept in camps. My own conviction of policy is very decided that the men of the reserves should be as little taken from their homes and avocations, as possible, and should only be called into service in great emergencies or to repel raids. This opinion is likewise entertained by the President in somewhat less degree, and he may be disposed to call them into service somewhat more freely.

The general rule, however, will undoubtedly be retention at home. The possibility of doing this and yet holding the men organized and ready for service just as quick and for as brief a period as may be necessary, constitutes the great advantage of this organization over that of militia or State forces.

I will ee as large a measure of exemption from active service as may be at all consistent with defense. Some few companies or regiments may constitute an exception, as some of the local forces will be required for guards in towns and at bridges or prisons, and I think some of the organizations already formed as special service ones (which contemplated something like general employment) should be selected, or some should be formed specially of material most easily to be spared, with a view to these kinds of service.

