
In the selection of officers men in active service cannot be chosen from the field even for promotion except under the liability of having their acceptance approved by the superior officers, and, indeed, I do not think it advisable attention should be called to the selection of such, as the refusal of the superiors in the field is the most probable, and the officers thus precluded would be apt to feel aggrieved.

Many very efficient officers may be obtained from the invalided and retired class or from those by various circumstances thrown out of active service, and it is very desirable the selection should be from them. The companies heretofore formed for special service should be required to conform their engagements to service in the State, and then be retained as reserves. If they do not consent they can, whenever desirable, be disbanded and the material organized into companies of the reserves. They will probably prefer generally to maintain these organizations and will readily conform.

You will exercise your discretion as to the various branches of the service into which you will throw the reserves. There should undoubtedly be some cavalry and artillery, but the proportion and the localities where to be raised or stationed are for your judgment. Every effort will be made to properly arm and equip the reserve forces, and requisitions should be made by you or the proper bureau as for armies in the field. Of course, with our limited resources, those organizations most likely to be called on from the exposure of the localities, and those reputed to be kept most constantly in service, will be prepared and first supplied. In regard to the care of the arms, I had supposed they might be safely intrusted to the possession of the men; but if you think otherwise, and that they had better be kept stored in convenient depots, you will adopt that course.

Quartermasters, surgeons, &amp;c., should, as far as practicable, be found among the men of the reserves, and should hold office ansation as the men when in service. Some few might be necessary for more permanent service, and should be so appointed.

In relation to brigadiers, General Jackson will probably be assigned you, and Colonel Gartrell appointed as soon as his brigade is organized. The President conceives he cannot properly appoint before such organization. The same rule will be followed should other brigadiers be required.

I believe I have covered all the points of your letter. I did not answer fully your last letter, because I had explained my views in reference to the policy of pursuing the conscript system rather than relying on volunteering, and I had no satisfaction in recurring to a subject when I had the misfortune to dissent from one in whose judgment I habitually placed great reliance.

With my best wishes, most cordially yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., May 2, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. GEORGE T. ANDERSON:

SIR: I hereby acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th ultimo,* accompanied by the resolutions which purport to have been "almost unanimously adopted" by the men composing your brigade,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

