
condemning my action in convening the Legislature in extra session, and denouncing my message and the action of the Legislature as "unwise and unpatriotic" and intended to 'subserve partisan interests. " The preamble also speaks of the willingness of those whom you denounce to sacrifice everything to 'self-aggrandizement and personal ambition" and of "prostituting the dignity of high office to the accomplishment of unholy ends. "

Those who deal thus with the actions and motives of others should be prompted only by the most lofty patriotism and the purest motives, and should themselves be above suspicion of "personal ambition for self-aggrandizement" or of a desire to 'subserve partisan interests. "

How will the motives and acts of those who were the originators and managers of this meeting, and who covered the President with laudation so fulsome as to be offensive to modest merit, while they denounced the acts and impugned the motives of the Governor and Legislature of their own State, stand the test of the just rule above mentioned?

If I mistake not, the name of the chairman of the meeting, who is a brigadier-general, has been mentioned by his friends for promotion to the position of major-general. Neither the Government nor the Legislature of his State has any power under the acts of Congress to grant the promotion. It can come from the President alone.

The secretary of the meeting, himself a lieutenant-colonel, can be made colonel only at the will of the President. The orator of the occasion, now a captain, cannot expect promotion from the State authorities. The same may probably be said of most of the others who were prominent in this meeting. While I do not charge upon them a desire to "accomplish unholy ends" for 'self-aggrandizement," I must leave it to others to say whether the judgment of condemnation pronounced by them was entirely unbiased by personal ambition and a desire for self-promotion. I apprehend the way-worn private soldier upon his weary march by day and his lonely watch by night, who serves his country only for his country's good, while he meets the enemy in deadly conflict at the hazard of his life, can look for no personal promotion from the President which will give him high command or historic fame, has taken a more just and less excited view of this subject.

The helpless families, so dear to many of the gallant men whom you command, as well as of thousands of other brave sons of Georgia now in military service, were dependent upon the action of the Governor and Legislature of your State for bread.

The act of Congress which you so highly approved had depreciated the Confederate currency in the treasury of the State till it would no longer purchase the bread which they must have or they must die of hunger. In this condition of things the extra session which you denounce was called. The currency with which bread can be purchased was provided, and provision was made which it is hoped will secure its transportation to and save their lives.

Was this an "unhallowed purpose; " and did it accomplish an "unholy end?" I am willing for the hardy sons of toil who obey your orders and whose wives and little ones at home are dear to them to judge, and I am content to abide their decision.

The Governor and Legislature of your State whom you denounce have appropriated for this year nearly $10,000,000 to feed and clothe the suffering wives, and widows, and orphans, and soldiers, and to

