
put shoes upon the feet and clothes upon the backs of soldiers themselves, who are often destitute and cannot get supplies from the Confederate Government. Is this an "unholy end" for which they deserve your denunciation?

But you and those who act with you complain of the resolutions passed by the Legislature in response to my message, on the subject of the suspension of the habeas corpus, and those relative to the terms upon which peace should be sought. Whatever may be the opinion of those officers who managed the meeting over which you presided, I venture to say that not one private soldier in every ten in your brigade believes it is the right of Congress to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and authorize the President to arrest the people and send them in irons to the islands or dungeons of other States, and confine them at his pleasure, and to deny to the courts the right to inquire into the cause of the imprisonment, or to place the case upon the docket, and give the accused the benefit of the speedy and impartial trial guaranteed to him by the Constitution of his country.

This is not the constitutional liberty which so many Georgians have died to defend. He who possesses this control over the personal liberties of the people has in his hands the powers of a monarch, call him by what name you may.

Again, I apprehend the private soldiers under your command, whose official promotion and self-importance do not depend upon a continuance of the war, will be unable to discover any dishonor in the resolutions of the General Assembly of their State upon the subject of peace. The Legislature has declared that negotiation as well as the sword has its proper to perform in terminating this bloody struggle. The terms of adjustment proposed by the Legislature are the identical terms by which South Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, and the other States of the Confederacy stood the day that each seceded from the Union. If they were right then, why are they wrong now? What soldier, who has no stars and has no office, would not be glad to see the struggle transferred upon these principles from the battle-field to the ballot box, as proposed by the resolutions of the Legislature of your State, which seem to meet your hearty condemnation.

In conclusion permit me to remark that I have the most reliable information from your brigade since the meeting that what purports to be the almost unanimous action of those who compose it, meets the sanction of but a very small fraction of it. The resolution were, as I am informed, prepared by some of the officers before the men were convened. When called for to ratify what the officers, without consulting them, had concocted, a comparatively small part of the brigade attended, and of those present a smaller part voted, and of that small number part voted against the resolutions, and the meeting adjourned amid cheers which resounded through your camp for him whom it was the purpose of the managers of the meeting to condemn.

All know the great advantage which the officers have over the men in the management of an affair of this kind. The officers are accustomed to command, the men to obey. They cannot meet their officers on an equality and condemn their action, but it seems they can by spontaneous acclamation in the camps, when they feel that injustice has been done, testify their approbation without being individually marked by those who have the power over them.

Begging you to assure the men under your command that I shall continue to do everything in my power to protect and defend the great principles of constitutional and personal liberty for which they

