
withdraw him from that service, except in the cases provided by those laws. This power has not been delegated to the State Executive under the act aforesaid, or any other act.

The facts disclosed by the papers show that Russell was in the service at the date of the act of 17th of February, 1864, and held no office in the State at that time; that he was reduced to the ranks by the sentence of a court-martial, and under the Army Regulations became liable to service in the brigade to which he belonged ; that subsequent to this he procured his election, and that upon that election this claim was made on his behalf by you. This question has been frequently presented to the Department, and when the laws and regulations have been explained the decisions of the Department have been acquiesced in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1864.

Lynchburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th of April, 1864, inquiring whether officers of the second-class State militia organization between eighteen and forty-five years of age are liable to conscription, has been received.

The Secretary of War directs me to say that if such officers obtain the certificate of the Governor of the State certifying that they are necessary to the further administration of the State government according to the act of Congress of the 17th of February, 1864, and General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, paragraph XI, their exemption will be allowed; otherwise they are liable to conscription. You will inform the enrolling officer accordingly.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 103.
 Richmond, May 3, 1864.

* * * * *

X. Major J. C. Denis, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty as commandant of conscripts for the State of Mississippi, and will report to the chief of Bureau of Conscription for orders.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 3, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully report that I have given my attention to the Yankee deserters from U. S. Army since the month of November last,

