
and I desire to bring before you a subject [I] deem of much importance.

It is important to encourage desertion so far as it can be safely done. The obstacles in the way of this are, first, the bad character and conduct of these people; second, the prejudice of our citizens against them.

First. I cannot doubt that many of these people are destitute of principle, and of the worst habits. Many, I suspect, have been professional thieves and burglars at home. All of them are restless and unwilling to submit to the scant fare, the regular labor, and the restraints to which our people cheerfully submit. The consequence has been the greater part of those put out to work have deserted their employer and are roaming through the country, and some of them commit serious depredations on the persons and property of our people.

Second. The prejudice of our people against them is great. Public opinion has compelled men who wished their service to decline taking them, and in one instance I was informed that if a gentleman in the interior of the State took a deserter who might have been useful to him he would be mobbed.

To avoid incarceration of these people and to promote desertion, some new mode of disposing of them ought to be devised. To this end I have conversed with the vice-consul of France. At first he seemed reluctant to enter into any arrangement, but from a recent conversation I entertain hope I can make an arrangement with him as to Frenchmen and others willing to go to Mexico by which we may get rid of many of these people, the substance of the arrangement to be: The Confederate Government to send them to some port at which they may be sent out of the United States; the men to be sent out at the expense of their Government, and with such papers as the consuls can furnish them; no arrangement to take effect until reported to and sanctioned by you.

If you approve this plan I will proceed to make such arrangements as I can and report it to you for approval.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. S. BAXTER.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 3, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Mr. Baxter suggests that he can probably make arrangements with the French consul by which we can be relieved of all Frenchmen deserting into our lines from the Yankee Army. The scheme suggested is for the Confederate Government to send to some port and the French Government to furnish means of transportation out of the country. He asks the authority of the Secretary to prosecute his negotiation with the French consul, any arrangement, however, to be subject to the approval of the Secretary of War before it is complete. It is undoubtedly very desirable to encourage desertion in the Federal Army, and if we can, in the mode suggested, be relieved

