
of the delicate question of policy as to their treatment, it will be very desirable. This question is one of great difficulty and continual embarrassment.

B. R. W., Jr.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 5, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Such negotiations may be carried on, to be finally submitted when arranged. It will relieve an embarrassment.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fourth indorsement.]

MAY 6, 1864.

Referred to S. S. Baxter.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 20.
 Richmond, Va., May 4, 1864.

I. The following extract from General Orders, No. 45, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, current series, is hereby made a part of this circular: *

II. In the organization of the reserves the officers to be elected must be chosen from the class of reserves. No departure from this rule will be allowed. No person between the ages of eighteen and forty-five is eligible to an office in this corps.

III. Enrolling officers will carefully exclude from the Reserve Corps persons who are not clearly proved to be within the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years.

IV. Applications in cases of special merit for the admission of persons as privates, who have been exempted on other than State exemptions or for State service, may be considered and referred to this Bureau; but all such as may be admitted will, when the cause of exemption ceases, be liable to transfer to the general service.

V. All exemptions are made for the benefit of the Government, and the duties of exempts are defined by the causes for which the exemptions are granted. To these duties they must be held as rigidly as they would be to the proper duties if serving in the field. The policy of the Government is that every man between the ages of seventeen and fifty shall perform service which tends to the military strength of the country, and the system of exemptions and details is intended to prescribe and define certain modes of doing this service and the persons allotted to it.

VI. As soon as the company organizations are completed, and the rolls turned over to the generals assigned to command the reserves, the jurisdiction of this Bureau ceases over that class of forces. All applications for renewals of details, or any other proceedings concerning the reserves, must be made direct to the generals commanding. It is understood that after the company organizations are completed the generals commanding entirely supersede the authorities of conscription, so far as this class is concerned.

By order of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See paragraphs VII, VIII, IX (here omitted), p. 369,370.

---------------

