
convence in the city of Richmond, Va., the said compensation in no case to exceed 50 per centrum of the loss or injury inflicted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of war.

RICHMOND, January 21, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I am informed that the authorities of the State of North Carolina hold a large quantity of woolen goods, party imported, beyond what can possibly be needed for some time to come to meet the wants of the troops from that State. As all the manufacturing resources of the State have been devoted to the service of the soldiers therefrom, and the State besides has enjoyed, through its enterprise, unusual facilities for drawing supplies from abroad, it occurs to me that there may be on hand excess of other necessary articles, such as shoes and blankets, that be spared for awhile to aid the service at large the stress of the winter months. At all events, I venture to bring the matter to your attention, confident that your public spirit will lead you to do whatever you can to aid the troops of the Confederacy.

Just at this time we are greatly in want of woolen goods and cloth (heavy) of any description and blankets; shoes, too, would be acceptable. The recent heavy losses experienced by this department in connection with the blockade has restricted somewhat its resources, and if you advance for awhile any of the supplies referred to they will be acceptable, and I will come under an obligation to return the same early in the spring, when the pressure now upon me shall in part have passed by.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLA.,
Charleston, S. C., January 21, 1864.

General A. C. GARLINGTON,

Adjt. and Insp. General, State of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

GENERAL: The letter of His Excellency Governor Bonham, of the 19th instant, * to the commanding general, now at Savannah communicating a copy of his letter of the 17th ultimo + to the War Department, has been received and I deem it in place to acquaint you with the position of these of these headquarters in the absence of any orders from superior authority in the premises.

The troops in question having been called out for six months' service, it is construes, and in that service from the time they assembled at their homes and quit their usual private avocations for military duty. It is presumed the War Department supposed they would be they would be called out on the 1st day of August, and hence specified that day as the beginning of their term of enrollment. As you are aware, however, the call from there headquarters was not issued for a month later, because it had been urgent on the commanding general as of the utmost importance that these men should not be withdrawn from the

---------------

* Not found.

+ See VOL. II, this series, p. 1058.

---------------

