
contracts, even on a comparatively small scale. To furnish such things to the whole Army is obviously impossible. Potatoes, both sweet and Irish, have been issued to hospitals and troops as far as obtained; but it would have been unsafe to make large purchases of them, even if to be had, for army consumption. To say nothing of loss by freezing in transit during the delays of transportation, the incessant efforts and appeals of this Bureau have never enabled it to engage transportation enough to meet the supply of essentials to subsistence and to accumulate the most meager reserves. Indeed, but for the seasonable purchase of coffee, wherewith to supply the deficiency of meat, serious evils would have resulted from want of necessary food, which, though procured, could not be distributed for want of transportation.

The Bureau still looks forward to the importation of supplies-first, of meat, and next, of other articles, even to breadstuffs-from beyond our lines, as the cheapest and safest reliance for feeding the Army. True commercial principles, not less than sound policy, would seem to recommend that whenever and wherever cotton, worth abroad six times as much as gold and about one hundred and twenty times as much as Confederate currency, can be exchanged for any article the Government needs, that the occasion for exchange should be embraced with alacrity, not only as affording subsistence to the Army and relief to the currency, but as relief to our people.

This has been the uniform view of this Bureau. Very early it favored the appointment of a commercial agent abroad, who should be enabled to furnish all the wants of the Government, its own included, as they might be developed. But this, it is understood, was discountenanced by the Government on the ground that private enterprise was a better reliance than Government efforts. It adopted and urged the acceptance of the first propositions made for trade beyond the Mississippi and through the blockade and has done so persistently ever since. Its efforts have sometimes been disapproved of and at others sometimes foiled by failures in obtaining ocean transportation. That more active efforts would have been abortive is proved by the ill-success that has attended the later enterprises of the Government, and if attempted by this Bureau could only have resulted in an accumulation of supplies to a greater extent than those now at the islands, and a still greater loss than attends their delay at those points for want of steam transportation hither.

Respectfully submitted.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, May 5, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: The inclosed copies* of a correspondence between His Excellency Governor Brown, of Georgia, and myself are respectfully [submitted] to your consideration, because I think it probable the effort proposed by him to influence the action of Congress upon the subject may be made, and my judgment disapproves of it entirely.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures, but see Milton to Brown, April 14, p. 303.

---------------

