
[First indorsement.]

Returned by Honorable Secretary of the Navy.

B. N. H.

[Second indorsement.]

Prepare letter of acknowledgment, and thank for sentiments in support of general cause and interests.

J. D.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, May 5, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your letter of the 21st ultimo, which bears no postmark, was laid upon my table since my return from Atlanta.

I regret to see that you seem to have fallen into the error, now so common among Confederate officers, that the States derive their powers, and the people of the States their rights and privileges, from the will of Congress; when in fact Congress and the Confederate Government derive all the powers they possess from the delegation of the respective States.

You say:

I am aware that the Legislature at its late session resolved that "all civil and military officers of this State shall be exempt. "

To this, however, I would respectfully reply that the act of Congress did not submit this question to the respective Legislatures, but to the respective Governors; and I insist that the Legislature could not require the Governor to give a certificate that all the civil and military officers of the State are necessary for the proper administration of the State government, if, in point of fact, he did not believe that such was the case. They had no right, either legal or moral, to tax your conscience with a certificate which the laws of the country had submitted to your decision.

Now, the fundamental error into which you have fallen is in assuming that Congress, and not the State Legislatures, have jurisdiction over State officers, and that the acts of Congress, when in conflict with the Constitution, are the " laws of the country. "

The State Legislature has declared that all civil and military officers of the State shall be exempt. Congress has declared that such State officers as the Governors of the remay certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the State government are exempt. Now, if I understand your position, it is this, that Congress has the jurisdiction over this subject-matter, and is the higher power; and as Congress has referred this question to the Governor, you hold that if the should differ from the Legislature, and should believe that part only of the State officers should be exempt, he may, by virtue of the authority conferred upon him by Congress, set aside the act of the Legislature, and protect only part of the State officers, when the Legislature has said he shall protect them all.

If Congress has the constitutional power to conscribe the officers of the States, you are right, as Congress in that case would also have the power to exempt such as it might think proper. Having the sole jurisdiction over the question, it might exempt such as the Governor should select, and independently of the act of the Legislature conscribe all the balance. If on the other hand Congress has no power to conscribe the Sate officers and the States alone have jurisdiction over their own officers, Congress cannot confer upon the Governor

