
the power to turn over to conscription State officers while in the faithful discharge of duty, in the teeth of an act of the Legislature declaring that they shall be exempt.

The whole question in dispute thus seems to turn upon the jurisdiction of Congress over the State officers, and I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that the supreme court of your own State has decided it against you in the very case in which they held that Congress has power to conscribe "the population of the States. " The court uses this language:

We have said that "the power to raise armies" is unlimited as to the use of means. We have not said that it is unlimited as to the subjects upon whom it may operate. There are certain first principles which underlie all governments and all organized society, the violation of which the framers of governments are not supposed to intend, and the attempted violation of which will always be arrested.

Again they say:

The Government of the Confederatmed by the sovereign people of the respective States for specific, well-defined purposes; but they retained for other purposes equally well defined their several pre-existing governments.

To enable it to accomplish one of the purposes for which it was instituted, we say they granted it unlimited power in the use of means to raise armies from their population. But if ever that Government shall apply those means to the enrollment of the officers and agents by whom the State governments are operated and without whose agency their machinery must stop, it will manifestly transcend its limit by violating the intention of those who conferred the power.

Congress, therefore, having no jurisdiction over the officers of the States and no power to enroll them by a former act, referred the question to the Legislatures of the respective States to say what officers they claimed as exempt. The Legislature of this State in response said it claimed all the civil and military officers of the State.

By a subsequent act Congress referred the question to the Governor, but it is very clear that both Congress and the Governor are bound by the action of the Legislature upon this subject-matter, as it alone, subject only to the restrictions imposed by the State constitution, has jurisdiction over it, to determine what officers are necessary to prevent the machinery of the State government from stopping.

If Congress had passed an act declaring the State officers subject to enrollment it would have been in violation of the Constitution and void; and our own supreme court have in effect pledged themselves that they would so declare it. Their language on this point is:

In the population of the States there is ample scope and verge for the exercise of the power in question without invading the departments of the State government. So far the Congress has recognized the limit here pointed out by an act of exemption directory of their enrolling officers. We have said that they may be safely trusted for its observance, and we now add that, in our opinion, if ever regardless of it, the judicial interposition sought and refused in this case might properly be invoked.

In my address to which you refer, after referring to the acts of Congress and the resolution of the Legislature, I have said:

In conformity to the resolution of the General Assembly I have certified to the President that I claim as exempt all civil and military officers of this State.

Their exemption is not claimed by the State under the act of Congress nor accepted as matter of grace or favor from Congress; nor does the certificate so state. It is claimed as matter of reserved right under the Constitution and by virtue of the resolution of the General Assembly of the State independently of any legislation which Congress has or can enact.

