
In speaking of the resolutions you are pleased to say that you feel quite sure, from your knowledge of the members of the Legislature, that they did not contemplate such a result from their action as it now appears is likely to follow. By this I presume I am to understand that when the members voted for a resolution to exempt all civil and military officers they did not understand the meaning of the language they used, and when they said all they only meant part.

I dismiss this part of your letter with the single remark that from a tolerably intimate acquaintance with most of [the] members I am happy to be able to assure you that I entertain a very different opinion of their capacity, and think you have done them injustice by greatly underrating their intelligence.

I am fully aware of the importance of adding to our armies all the men who can be spared without so crippling our agricultural and mechanical interests as to make it impossible for us to support the armies in the field and the women and children at home. I have never failed to do my part in this particular. Prior to the extension of conscription from seventeen to fifty the President never made a requisition upon me for troops that I did not fill. To his last call Ii responded with more than double the number required.

You gree with me that it quite as important that the armies be clothed and fed and the helpless wives and children of the soldiers be supported as it is that we keep armies in the field, and that the conscription of so large a number as to leave no means of support at home would be as fatal an error as we could possibly commit. With 200,000 or 250,000 brave men in the field well fed and comfortably clad, and their families at home well supported, with all the advantages we have as the invaded party, we are in no danger of subjugation. With 500,000 men in the field destitute of food and clothing and their families at home naked and starving, we would be weak indeed, as our armies so situated must soon disband and we would be ruined. In your zeal to increase your command it is possible you may carry conscription to an extent that will so seriously cripple the agricultural and mechanical interests of the State as to prevent the production of the necessary supplies another year, and thus ruin the cause you attempt to serve. As so much depends upon your orders whether bread shall be made in this State for another year, I beg to remind you of your duty to grant the most liberal details to farmers and other laboring men. When no immediate assault is expected by the enemy both common sense and patriotism dictate that the reserves should not be kept in camp, but that they should be detailed and sent home to labor in their fields and shops, to produce supplies to sustain their own families and the families of those who are absent in other States defending our rights.

If the policy adopted last fall with the portion of the Home Guards called into the field under your command is adopted with those now called out, and they are kept in camp away from their agricultural pursuits when there is no immediate use for their services, the most deplorable results must follow. You cannot be ignorant of the fact that after all the efforts the State authorities can make there is great danger that many soldiers' familihis summer for bread, and that if there is enough in this State there is certainly no surplus. If this is so when all who are to constitute your command were at home last year, what may we expect another year if they are all taken away from their fields and workshops?

