
Your enrolling officers are now dragging from their homes hundreds who leave helpless families with no prospect of support, to be added to the long list already in so deplorable a condition. They have not the number of slaves necessary to entitle them under the act of Congress to exemption, and if you do not grant them liberal details or furloughs when not needed to meet an assault of the enemy, their families must suffer.

Again, others with constitution wrecked and health ruined, are being forced by your enrolling officers to conscript camps or assigned by boards of surgeons to what is called second-class duty.

If you do not interfere for their relief many of these wretched men must linger out upon a sick couch a miserable existence for a few short weeks or months and fall victims to an unwise policy without the hope of being able to render any valuable service to the country.

I have reason to believe that it is severe rigor in the exercise of conscription which has caused the people in many counties and districts in this State to elect men within conscript age to fill county officers. They have felt the necessary of having some able-bodied men at home to attend to home affairs and to look to the wants of the suffering families of soldiers.

You say we need farmers and mechanics and not justice of the peace, deputy sheriffs, clerks, and militia officers at home. You seem, however, to overlook or ignore the important fact that probably nine tenths of the justices of the peace, deputy sheriffs, clerks, and militia officers of this State within conscript age, who are exempt, are neither farmers nor mechanics; and that a large proportion of them have been elected by the people to keep them at home as farmers and mechanics, as well as officers; far from the annoyance of conscript officers and the uncertainties of obtaining details which must be had at the sacrifice of much valuable time in running the red-tape round prescribed by Confederate officers to obtain them.

You refer to the number of justices of the peace and constables in the State, and express the opinion that a smaller number would be sufficient, and that persons over fifty years of age could as well fill these positions.

As I have already shown, the Legislature, which has the sole jurisdiction over this question, has not left it to you or me to say that a smaller number is sufficient. They have laid down the rule, and I have no discretion but to execute the law, nor have I any power to say what shall be the age of the man who receives the commission. The constitution and laws of this State leave the selection to the voters and not to the Execute. My duty is to commission those who are legally elected, and not to dictate to the people who they shall elect. As stated in the address to which you refer there are some individual cases in which selections are made which I regret, but I have no right to reverse the decision in the legal exercise of the elective franchise. I have not said the officers are not necessary, the Legislature has decided that question, but I have expressed regret that in some individual cases the people had not selected a different class of men to fill them.

The same remark may probably be made with reference to the militia officers, the number of whom has been greatly overestimated by you. With occasional exceptions, the people have elected farmers and mechanics who are among our most useful citizens at home in producing supplies and relieving the necessities of soldiers' families.

