
The law requires me to keep up the militia organization which may be useful for police purposes, and may be needed to suppress negro insurrection in the counties, as well as to arrest deserters from the army, which by proclamation, I Have required them to do.

In enumerating the civil and military officers in this State, you must not forget, the important fact that a very large proportion of them are exempt from conscription, independently of their offices. Many are over age of conscription, others are wounded soldiers, or exempt from physical debility or other causes; and many hold both civil and military offices, as, for instance, justice of the peace and captain of the militia, while others hold the officer of clerk of the superior and inferior courts, and in some instances ordinary also. Thus you see that you do very great injustice if you count each office as filled by a separate individual, and each individual as protected by the office. A man is over the conscript age and holds the offices of ordinary, clerk of the superior and inferior courts of his county; here three offices are filled and nobody is exempted on account of either of them.

You refer to the great necessity for calling men into the field immediately to meet the enemy now pressing us on the sea-board and on the northwest.

In this connection I beg to remind you that the State had a militia organization which would have been thorough and complete by this time, ready to meet the enemy for this emergency, which has been much disorganized and crippled that its most active material might be taken to form your command, which I fear you may not be able to organize in time to meet the enemy on the front, where the great collisions of arms occurs. If you should not, it may be very unfortunate for the State that the organization which she had prepared for her own defense has been disturbed.

Our gallant, self-sacrificing troops at the front, who stand like a living breast-work between their homes and the enemy, who have undergone much suffering for food and clothing, know the importance of having a sufficient force at home to make supplies for themselves and their families, and of maintaining the government and sovereignty of their State, for which-as well as for the achievement of our independence-they left their homes and took up arms.

These men also know how much the agricultural and mechanical interests of the country upon which their bread depends are crippled by the annoying detail system, which hinders so much of a farmer's time in keeping his papers right, to enable him to cultivate his land and make bread by the permission of the Government.

They also have the intelligence to see that it would be infinitely better that those whom it is the policy of the Confederate Government to leave at home to produce provisions should be left free from this annoyance to make all the supplies in their power, the surplus to be turned over under proper laws to the support of the Army and the families of soldiers at home. They do not therefore complain when a useful farmer or mechanic is elected to a State office, and left at home to attend to the double duty of making supplies and discharging the functions of his position; nor do they labor to raise a clamor and excite prejudice against the government of their State, which is exerting all its power and energies to clothe them when naked, and to feed and clothe their helpless families at home.

This outcry against the State government and State officers comes up from the almost countless swarms of Confederate officers, agents,

25 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

