
and detailed men who, as the favorites of power, have obtained safe and comfortable positions in the rear, while their less-favored comrades, who seldom get furloughs or details, are required to meet the enemy in front. This class of protected men-vastly more numerous than all the protected State officers-all in the pay of the Government, who can be found in every city, town, backwoods village, railroad car, and hotel in the State, or almost anywhere else but in front of the Army, who are much engaged it attention to their own private business and speculations or in earnest, industrious efforts to manage and control the politics of the State, while their fellow-soldiers are required to meet the enemy on the battle-field, seem to feel the necessity of diverting public attention from themselves, which they conceive can be best accomplished by raising public clamor, and attempting to excite public indignation against the State government and the State officers who are exempt from military duty. The chief difference between the two classes is, that the State officers are exempt from the fatigues and dangers of the battle-field without drawing pay from the Government during the time they are so exempt, while the Confederate officers and agents of the class referred to enjoy the same exemption from danger and draw regularly as much pay from the Government as those who are exposed to the greatest peril.

I am perfectly willing for the army in the field as well as the people at home to decide upon the respective merits of the two classes, and to say who most deserve to be "withdrawn from their official retreats" and brought into the active service of the country, where the enemy is to be met and the victory lost or won. In your earnest efforts to fill up the ranks of the Army with State officers, let me beg of you not to forget the numerous class above referred to, a large number of whom I feel quite sure could be spared from their retreats for duty in the field, and no injury done to the service, "while the ranks of our Army would be considerably increased. "

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[MAY 5, 1864. -For Polk to Davis, in relation to raising companies for local defense, see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 579.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, May [6], 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The regimental organization and the command of the reserves having been provided for the by assignment of a general officer to each State for those purposes, I have the honor respectfully to submit that authority be given this Bureau to organize, equip, and place in conscript services in each Congressional district one company, to be composed of persons of the reserve classes and such others as may be declared unfit for active service in the field. These companies to contain not more than 100 men, to be either cavalry or infantry, and to be kept on duty at the discretion of the commandants of conscript under the order of this Bureau, but to be subjected to

