
extraordinary calls by the generals commanding the reserves, and in all things except the assignment to this special service to constitute a part of that corps. It is suggested that this arrangement will be beneficial-

First. As giving to the conscription authorities a permanent local force essential to the efficient performance of their duties.

Second. That these companies can be mainly constituted of non-producers, and thus will not affect injuriously the productive industry of the country.

Third. That they will form a nucleus for the rapid rendezvous of the regiments, and may be placed on guard in charge of the stores and munitions for such regiments; and,

Fourth. Being composed mainly of sedate persons, having personal interests in the localities, they will constitute an unexceptionable police.

For these reasons I respectfully recommend that the arrangement be allowed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Conscript Superintendent.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 6, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The authority may be given as guards are required in each camp and for conscript duty, but the persons selected should be of those least required for industrial pursuits.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, May 6, 1864.

General COOPER:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Assistant Adjutant-General Clay's note of the 4th instant informing me of the Secretary's decision in regard to the cases of the Marylanders whose term of service has expired, and can only say that I deeply regret the conclusion to which the Department has arrived in regard to the subject presented. Some of these parties are now in the Maryland Line, having been ordered to it since they enlisted, and will doubtless re-enter it if discharged; but their ground of complaint is, that they are endeavored to be conscripted into said line; not allowed their free choice. In plain words, they consider that the Government is violating faith, and the effect is anything but beneficial to the service. If they should be discharged and leave the front with the enemy before them, the infantry will be theirs; but if it is their right, they should be permitted to enjoy it. I don't believe that there are twenty Marylanders in the Virginia army who would leave it if discharged under such circumstances; but I am equally sure that if there be any of that description the attempt to hold them forcibly will fail to accomplish its object after their term has expired. This very question has been fully elaborated in the Richmond papers within the past week in criticism on the action of the Yankee Government in holding their troops under corresponding circumstances, and you may rely upon it that acts savoring of bad faith will have the same effect everywhere, and

