
such conduct heretofore evinced on the part of persons seeking promotion has had no little agency in paralyzing the efficiency of Maryland organization. At this very moment men are here from Charleston, having reported to the provost-marshal here, whose term of service has expired. They applied for transfer to the Maryland Line near a month ago, but, as they say, their applications are disregarded, and that they are, in spite of such applications and the assurances of the Government given in the late general order to that effect, endeavored to be forced to re-enlist at Charleston. They are leaving their posts, availing themselves of any route to escape, as they say, acts of despotism. Such was the language of one of these men whom I met on the street here this very day, and when I admonished him that he was incurring the penalty of a deserter, he replied, the Government might shoot him if they pleased, but that he would not go back to Charleston, having served his full term of enlistment. I merely give you facts. This part II learn has registered his name with General Winder. The class of people who are here for plunder would gladly see such cases brought before the courts, to be used by them as a plea for not doing their duty. I can only report my conviction that the Department is, in my judgment, acting under very bad advice.

Yours truly,

GEO. P. KANE.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 17, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

I cannot concur in these views. The Marylanders who have entered our service and cast their lot with us are surely to be regarded as residents, and are only required to do as our own citizens and other residents. The case of the enemy's soldiers cited in illustration has no analogy. Had all Yankees of the ages of these soldiers been subjected to like military service, could there be either surprise or complaint if they were retained in service? The injustice with them is, they were expressly receipted and exempted even from draft, but are still, notwithstanding, forced to remain in service. I see no cause to change the decision or course of the Department.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 25, 1864.

Major RIELY:

This is a correspondence that cannot have a different result from being extended. A previous letter to Mr. Kane explained to him the views of the Department and its determination upon the question involved. I do not think it essential, therefore, that the Secretary's indorsement should be communicated to Mr. Kane.

H. L. C.

