
agricultural districts until had secured their harvests, and he was induced in that way to postpone the call to the last possible moment, leaving the men meantime at their homes, engaged on their farms, or other occupations from which they had only been detached as is understood, one day to organize and elect company officers early in July and another subsequently, 31st July, to elected field officers.

In view of these facts the commanding general has not felt authorized to discharge these troops until he shall be officially apprised of the views of the Department, for which he asked on the 12th of December, 1863.

Especially does he not feel warranted to act without orders, since he was expressly notified by telegraph from the Adjutant and Inspector General on the 5th of October, 1863, that he had: no right to discharge the six-months' regiments * * * without authority from that office. "

Be assured these headquarters have every wish to discharge these troops whensoever it may be authority done, and it hoped orders of the War Department will soon be made known.

The Governor does not say in his letter that he has received an answer to his to the Honorable Secretary of War, but it is presumed he has not from the context of his communication to the commanding general.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 21, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 16th requesting me to furnish you with a copy of my order declaring that soldiers appointed to military academies cannot be discharged.

In reply I have the honor to say that the Department has uniformly declined to grant discharges in such cases, on the ground that the best school of instruction, as well as the most honorable service, is now in the field. I am very reluctant to deprive the youth of the country of the opportunity of mental improvement, but all considerations of private advantage must now yield to the paramount duty of defending the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT appropriating on hundred thousand dollars for the use and benefit of the Cherokee Nation.

Whereas, by the forty-fifth article of the treaty between the Confederate State of America and the Cherokee Nation, the said Confederate States promised to collect and pay over to the Cherokee Nation the annual interest upon the several sums of money invested by said nation in stocks of certain States of the Confederate States; and whereas, by reason of the war with the United States, it is impracticable to make such collection; and whereas, there is good

