
[First indorsement.]

MAY 23, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

It is gratifying to have the assurance presented by this report of the diligence and ability with which the work of the Piedmont road has been prosecuted by the engineer in charge. As much misapprehension has existed on this subject, and some reproach in popular estimation has been cast on both the engineer and the contractors, it is deemed only just to them to submit the report to your consideration.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 25, 1864.

Read with satisfaction and returned to Secretary of War.

J. D.

OPELIKA, ALA., May 8, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

GENERAL: I returned yesterday from my tour of investigation as to the secret treasonable society alleged to exist in this State. I met Colonel Falkner and Mr. A. R. Hill, who gave me their written statements herewith inclosed. Mr. Burke, who joined the society for the purpose of disclosing its secrets, became alarmed for his safety and has left this region of country. I was not able to communicate with him. I can find him at no distant period, I think, if it should be deemed necessary. Under these circumstances I was compelled to take his disclosures as made to Falkner and Hill and forwarded in their statements. I am satisfied that the society embraces more than half the adult males of Randolph, Coosa, and Tallapoosa Counties, a large number in Calhoun and Talladega Counties, and a considerable membership in some of the other counties in Alabama. It extends into portions of Georgia. I state as a fact that the society has no regular times or places of meeting, and has no organized "lodges" or "communities. " Men who have studied the obligations, signs, &amp;c., and who can communicate them well are styled "eminent," and pass through the country giving the "degree to all whom they regard as fit subjects. The society is nameless, or, rather, has such name as any particular "eminent" may choose to give it for the occasion. Its general designation is the Peace Society. No records are kept. Each initiate is an independent, dissevered link in a perfect chain. He is told by his eminents who are his associates or brethren, but meets them at no "convocation" of the order. Hence the difficulty of procuring evidence. You prove one man to be a member, but outside of his statements you have no other proof of other memberships. It is a society without officers, a community without members.

But it is no less sijects than its organization. Its obligation and its professed object, peace, are not objectionable, but its real teachings are as varied as the communities or even the men to which they are imparted. If the initiate is an ignorant but true man he is told that the object of the society is to procure an Honorable peace; if disaffected as to the policy of the Government he is told that the aim is to procure a change of rulers; if a traitor, to produce muting among our soldiers, to destroy our loyal citizens, and to take the State back into the Union on any terms. A designing politician

