
could precipitate the whole society into a measure that would appal many of its members if they could see the end of their actions or had results presented before them. I am inclined to the belief that no action will be taken by its leaders so long as our arms are victorious; but should great disasters befall us, the widespread distrust which marked the past winter would ripen into treason, and find in this society an organization that would prove disastrous to our cause.

Under these circumstances I scarcely know what to do. If you wish a further investigation I will cheerfully give it. A shrewd detective would be of great service if unknown in this section of country. I can enter no county in any of the cotton States east of the Mississippi River where I am not recognized by some citizen, officer, or soldier. If I take a step the door of information is closed against me as an officer in the Army.

I shall leave in the morning for Columbus, Ga., on inspection, and shall defer further action in this matter until I hear from you. I may say that I believe Mr. Parsons, a prominent, talented Yankee lawyer at Talladega, is one of the most prominent members if not the head of this organization.

I thought some time since that Colonel Seibels (late candidate for C. S. Senate) was connected with this order, and procured the statement of Major HolDowd (the latter the commissary at this place and both most reliable gentlemen) in reference to him herewith inclosed. I have found nothing further to connect him with the order. I have not been able to see Colonel Holly, to whom reference is made in this statement. If deemed necessary I will see him, although I have made considerable effort to do so. It is due Colonel Falkner to say that he enjoys the reputation of being a man of honor and a patriot. He is certainly a man of no mean abilities. Mr. Hill is an honest man, of good sense, but not of great ability. Should a detective be sent out, I will cheerfully give him all information in my possession and all aid in my power.

Since writing the foregoing I have heard of the raid on the railroad between Richmond and Petersburg.

The forwarding of this report will be delayed a short time. It will be forwarded by my wife as soon as communications are re-established. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Adjutant and Inspector-General.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 15, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War. If approved, an intelligent officer from Louisiana can be sent to investigate this subject more thoroughly, with authority to employ detectives.

By order of General S. Cooper:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*In connection with paper, see Clanton to Polk, May 9, 1864, Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 588.

---------------

