
[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXHIBIT A.

Statement of myself in regard to a secret organization and disloyalty of certain citizens.

First. Are all present constitutional men?-Answer. I am.

It now becomes necessary that you take upon yourselves an oath or obligation, which oath or obligation does not conflict with your political or religious feelings.

The following is a synopsis of the obligation:

First. I promise and swear that I will not reveal or make known any of the secrets of this order to any person or persons, except it be to a brother of this order, and not to him or to them that I may hear so to be, but to him or to them, after strict trial and lawful information, I may believe him to be entitled to the same as I myself am now about to be.

Second. I furthermore promise and swear that I will not cut, carve, mark, scratch, chop, &amp;c., upon anything, movable or immovable, under the whole canopy of heaven, whereby any of the secrets of this order might become legible or intelligible through my unworthiness.

Third. I furthermore promise and swear that I will not give it to an old man in his dotage, to a young man in his nonage, to a woman, or to a fool.

Fourth. (I have forgotten in toto.)

Fifth. I furthermore promise and swear that I will always be found aiding a brother of this order, that when I hear the word spoken or see the secret sign given I will rush to his relief, and would feign myself his enemy to accomplish his relief.

Sixth. I furthermore promise and swear that I will always be found aiding a brother of this order, his widow or orphan, they applying to me and I finding them worthy.

Seventh. I furthermore promise and swear that I will not wrong a brother of this order nor suffer it to be done by others if in my power to prevent it.

Eighth. To all these and those, my solemn oath or obligation I bind myself under no less penalty than that of having my head cut open, my brains taken from thence and strewn over the ground, my body cast to be beasts of the field or to the vultures of the air should I be so vile as to reveal any of the secrets of this order.

The above is as correct an exposition of the obligation as I am able at.

The root and branch, as I understand, is to set on foot some tricks which would in the end become masters of the Government, according to the lectures of James Wood and Thomas Lambert.

The intention of this secret organization is alone in opposition to the maintenance of a Confederate Government. I had long and instructive lectures from both Wood and Lambert; they were bending their energies to make me an earnest worker of the order, that I might make this thing tell more effectually when I arrive at my command, then stationed at Mobile.

This thing was introduced to me by W. C. Brown, Jr. After talking on the war subject he asked me how I would like to look into an order which had for its object the bringing about a speedy peace. I answered, "Quite well. " He (Brown) then stepped away and beckoned to his friend to come thither, who was James Wood, who, after a few remarks, proceeded to confer the obligation which I have previously given. He (Wood) stated, as I was going to join my command soon I would be a very good hand to introduce the order in the army at Mobile. James Wood also said that Parton Vardenon was then gone to Virginia to introduce it in our army, and, if possible, to communicate it to our common enemy. He further stated that J. W. Joiner was gone in the direction of our Western army to get it through the

