
lines in that quarter; and further, Wood said his son-in-law, John H. Paster, had been home on furlough and had also been initiated, and was going to the Tennessee army, and would soon have the army well posted in this thing.

The original of the above was handed me by Judge John T. Heflin, of Talladega, but I did not learn the name of the man who made the disclosure.

James Wood has since been taken up by our cavalry and hung. Thomas Lambert, I learn, has run away and is supposed to have gone to the Yankees.

J. FALKNER.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Statement of Major E. Hollis and Captain W. C. Dowd in reference to a conversation between Colonel Seibels, of Montgomery, Ala., and Colonel J. J. Holly, of Tallapoosa County, and with Colonel Holly.

About the 1st of March last Colonel Seibels and Colonel Holly were sitting on the veranda of the Exchange Hotel in Montgomery, when Major Hollis and Captain Dowd stepped to the window to go out. They, Seibels and Holly, were talking in a low tone. Colonel Seibels remarked to Colonel Holly that the arrangement was made and he was going on. Captain Dowd immediately stepped back and Major Hollis went through the window on the veranda and was introduced by Holly to Seibels. Holly remarked to Seibels that he (Hollis) was all right. Hollis took a seat a short distance off and heard Seibels mention several names, amongst them Hon. James Johnston and Dr. Tuggles, of Columbus, Ga., and George Reese, of West Point. The conversation was in an undertone and aroused his suspicious. That night he asked Holly what Seibels was up to. He replied that Seibels said that the Lincoln Government would not hear any proposition from the Jeff. Davis Government, and that he, Seibels, was anxious to know what could be done; that he was going to Washington; that the Arkansas, or Sebastian, platform had taken in Arkansas and would take in Alabama, and that the proposition was that slavery should be abolished in the present century, or should commence with the end of the present century. Hollis thinks the former. Colonel Holly stated that he (Holly) did not approved of it, and thought it would result in a great deal of harm. The foregoing is the substance of the conversation.

E. HOLLIS.

W. C. DOWD.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

Statement of Colonel Jefferson Falkner and Mr. A. R. Hill, of Randolph County, Ala. (post-office, Wedowee), in reference to a secret society.

Some time about the 1st of March, 1864, Theophilus Burke, a citizen of Meriwether County, Ga., was induced by said Falkner and Hill to join a society, said to be organized for the overthrow of our Government. He did so. He was initiated into the society in Randolph County, Ala., by William Kent, of that county, known to be disloyal. He saw the obligation, herewith filed, marked Exhibit A,* and said it was the obligation of the society. The fourth point in the obligation he could not recollect. He stated to Mr. Hill that their object

---------------

*See p. 395.

---------------

