
was, as soon as their strength would admit, to commence hostilities against the Home Guards (county reserve) and secessionists. J. Falkner states that he showed Burke what purported to be a copy of the oath or obligation of the order, or a part of it, and that after Burke joined he stated that the paper was correct as far as it went, but did not contain all the obligation. (Exhibit A, hereto appended, is the copy.) Said Falkner states, from the best information he can get from Burke and other sources, that the object of the society is twofold-

First. The organization of a political party opposed to the present Government.

Second. By means of getting a majority of the people at home committed to them, and as many of the soldiers as possible, to either overturn the present Government or, by opposing and refusing to support it, to compel the present Government to make peace on such terms as can be obtained, let them be what they may.

The grip of the order is given by taking hold of the hand as usual in shaking hands, only the thumb is turned with the side instead of the ball to the back of the hand, when the following dialogue ensues; "What is that?" "A grip. " "A grip of what?" "A constitutional peace grip. " "Has it a name?" "It has. " "Will you give it to me?" "I did not so receive it, neither can I so impart it. " "How will you impart it?" "I will letter it with you. " "Letter it and begin. " "Begin you. " "No; you begin. " "Begin you. " They then spell the word peace by calling a letter alternately, beginning with any letter except the first. This is the password. The ordinary signs of recognition are given as follows: The party giving the sign takes up a stick or something of the kind in his hands, holding it in both in front of the body and carelessly throwing it to the right, using both hands. This is to be recognized by putting the right hand to the lock of the hair on the right side of the head as if pulling off something and throwing it to the right. Another sign consists in tapping three times on the toe of the right foot with a switch or stick and then waving it to the right. Another sign consists in taking a switch, stick, or whip and setting it on the right thigh and then leaning it to the right. The sign to be given by the soldier on the battle-field is by the soldier carrying his gun with the muzzle inclined to the right, or an officer carries his sword with the point inclined to the right, and if on horseback, with the hilt resting on the thigh. The sign of distress is given by extending the right hand horizontally and then bringing it down by three distinct motions; or, if the sign cannot be given, then the words "Oh, Washington!" are substituted for it. An expression used as a means of recognition is, "I dreamed that the boys are all coming home. "

In the opinion of Mr. Hill two-thirds of Randolph County are members of the society; Colonel Falkner thinks a majority. Lieut. Colonel E. B. Smith, commandant of the reserves of Randolph County, is a member; R. S. Heflin, ex-State senator and now a lawyer of that county; Dr. R. L. Robertson, also a prominent Methodist preacher; W. W. Dobson, a justice of the peace; William Kent, an influential citizen and one of the prominent officers of the order; Davis A. Perryman, late enrolling officer and a justice of the peace; Captain William T. Smith, now at Demopolis commanding a company raised for conscript duty, and a large number of other citizens of Randolph County are members of the order. Colonel Falkner has been informed and believes that Henry W. Armstrong and A. A. West, the two members of the Legislature from that county, are members of the order.

