
Mr. Burke, said that Lieut. N. B. D. Armon, the district enrolling officer at Talladega, is a member. Mr. Hill states that about the 1st of April last he, as an officer of the reserves, arrested T. J. Pennington, a deserter from the Army, with a forged furlough, sent him to the conscript camp at Talladega, and that Pennington (a member of the order) gave the sign, and that a lieutenant vouched for him, and he was thereupon released and got back to the county as soon as those who carried him to Talladega. He has not since been heard from Mr. Burke also stated that the Board of Surgeons at Talladega on the 1st of April were members. Colonel Falkner has learned through Burke that L. E. Parsons, a prominent lawyer of Talladega, is a member. L. McKee, a most prominent member of the order, told Burke that the battle of Missionary Ridge was lost and the surrender of Vicksburg was occasioned by the order. Burke also learned from the members of the order that Colonel Hannon (Army of Tennessee) and a large portion of his regiment were members of the order; that Captain Hannon, of same regiment, and most of his men were members of the order. The names of the members of the order as above furnished are given by Burke and Captain M. D. Robinson, the enrolling officers of the county. Both Cr. Hill believe it to be correct, from what they know of the men.

JEFFERSON FALKNER.

ABNER R. HILL.

CLINTON, LA., May 8, 1864.

His Excellency H. W. ALLEN:

SIR: At the time of Colonel Sandidge's departure for Richmond the enemy were moving so as [to] envelop this section of the country, and not being able to foresee the result of these movements, I did not feel at liberty to proceed to Richmond with Colonel S. I, however, wrote to the President a communication in which the following subjects were fully and forcibly placed under his consideration, to wit:

First. The appointments of commissioners to audit and pay the claims of our citizens for forage, subsistence, transportation, property, &amp;c., impressed (whether legally or not) for Government use.

Second. The grossly illegal manner in which impressments have been made in this State, and the great abuses of private property by Confederate officers.

Third. The high-handed and lawless manner in which Confederate officers have violated and are still violating the rights of persons and things in this State.

Each one of these subjects was fully and strongly placed before the consideration of the President, and will be as efficient in provoking the application of the necessary remedy as a personal interview would have been, and perhaps more.

If Colonel Sandidge should need my presence he will telegraph to me. Your letter accrediting me to Richmond limited my authority to the matter of the negotiations of the bonds; but under the general terms of the credentials in the hands of Colonel S., I presumed to speak at large, and very plainly, in reference to the gigantic abuses of power by inferior officers, which are in derogation of and insulting to the authority and dignity of the State of Louisiana, and which are not demanded by any exigency of public safety or general success. I should, perhaps, send you the original communication, that you might judge whether my expressions have transcended your

