
wishes or your views. The evils are enormous, and demand prompt and effective correction. The lives, liberties, and property of our citizens are disposed of with the same facility of subordinate military officers as if each of them was a hereditary despot in the district or department assigned to his command. Citizens of this State are taken, conveyed into the State of Mississippi, and executed without trial, civil or military. Six or eight have suffered death by the peremptory orders of Colonel Dillon. I believe the Constitution of the country provides that "all prosecutions shall be by indictment or information; " that "the accused shall be entitled to a speedy trial before an impartial jury of the vicinage," and that "he shall have the right to be confronted with his accuser and with the witnesses against him. " I believe that the authority of the State and the guardianship of her tribunals over the rights and immunities of her people is original and reserved, and I am at a loss to know by what authority any military commander of whatever grade, from the President to the corporal, assumes to annul these great conservative provisions of the Constitution; to move across the lines of State sovereignty as if they did not exist, and by simple military orders to deprive our citizens of life.

I am at a loss to know in what article of the Confederate Constitution the power is lodged which authorized the military power of the country to try and punish offenses committed by citizens or persons not enrolled in the Army of Navy. The pretext, I believe, is that the civil tribunals are too slow; they are neither sufficiently fast nor reckless for the purposes and wishes of many military commanders, who are neither the wisest nor the purest men which the country affords. This invasion of the just and constitutional authority of the State. Property of citizens of the State is taken by military seizure, carried out of the State, and underconfiscation is turned over to the quartermaster and consumed without any previous conviction of the owner for having violated the laws either of the State or of the Confederate Government, and without any action ad rem to procure the legal condemnation of the property. The constitution of the State, her jurisprudence, her tribunals, her original and undelegated custodianship over the civil rights of her citizens, her territorial lines, are all set aside and annulled by a military proceeding which has no use or respect for one nor the other. The evil here strikes deeper than the mere loss of property. It is the loss of principles, the reintegration of which may excite a bloodier revolution than the present. It is to be regretted that military men cannot keep in view the great cardinal principles of our Government, and preserve the harmony of its structure and action, even through the convulsions of war. There is no want of possibility, and the intelligent and upright mind can exercise all the necessary and proper powers of the military commander without invading in the slightest particular the just and peculiar province of the civil power. The evil results from the ignorance and recklessness of men in military power, who at once imagine themselves to be the exclusive and absolute authority in the district assigned to their command over all questions of property, liberty, or life, and the idea that such authority is restrained by any

