
Alabama has an immense quantity of iron ore, and many of her people are making iron, but all or nearly all have contracts with the Confederate Government to deliver all they make to the Government authorities. The Consequence is that the planters, even in the best iron regions of the State, cannot get enough iron to make and repair their agricultural implements. Now, sir, the object of this communication is to ask that the contractors be authorized to sell to planters some of the iron they make. I have numbers of letters showing the necessity for such instructions to your contractors and agents. It is useless to enlarge on a subject which must be fully appreciated at a glance by the Secretary of War. Will you grant this right?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Railroad, January 6, 1864.

Governor VANCE:

I regret to learn that because of an interest of your State in the steamer Don, objection is made to its conforming to the regulation about taking out Government cotton. The necessity of the Government really require adherence to this regulation, and I earnestly hope that you will not encourage or all in your name the infringement of it.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND HOUSE,

Richmond, January 6, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to a weak point in the enemy's lines to which your mind may not have been directed. I allude to the Irish element in the Northern population. A resident of twenty years in Philadelphia, seventeen of which I was a wholesale bookseller, publisher, &amp;c., and having quite a number of that class in my employment in biding, printing-office, and store, coupled with the fact that my parents were natives of Ireland, n naturally created in my mind a sympathy for them, more especially as they were, about the time of my going to Philadelphia band of bigots. The interest I felt and manifested for them soon gave me quite an extensive acquaintance among them. I merely mention this fact to show you that my estimate of their character and knowledge of their views upon our question is not based upon superficial information. As soon as civil was seemed inevitable I began the tedious tack of selling out and collecting, in order that I might hasten to this my native place. The regular routine of business broken up, I had much leisure time, which I used to the best advantage for the furtherance of our cause. Partly from the calls of business, together with a desire to see and converse with the Irish operatives in the coal mines of Pennsylvania, I visited during the summer of 1861 the counties of Lehigh, Carbon, Schuylkill, Berks, &c. I asserted that the native American and Know-Nothing were identical with the Black Republican party. I reminded them

