
reason to believe that the citizens of said nation are greatly in need of the money thus due them: Therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sum of the hundred thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, for the use and benefit of the Cherokee Nation.

SEC. 2. The said sum of money shall be forwarded without delay by the Bureau Indian Affairs to the proper representatives of the Cherokee Nation.

SEC. 3. It is hereby expressly understood that said one hundred thousand dollars is to be returned by the said Cherokee Nation when peace shall be ratified between the United and Confederate States, or that the said Confederate States shall be reimbursed out of the interest on said stock which may them be due and collected Approved January 22, 1864.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received from Colonel W. H. Stevens, chief of construction Department of Northern Virginia, an estimate of $500,000 as required to meet the just claims presented, or to be presented hereafter, fort the loss of slaves who have been impressed I the State of Virginia, and have escaped to the enemy or have died whilst engaged in labor on the Richmond defenses of form diseases contracted whilst thus employed. This estimate is based on an average valuation of $2,000 for each slave thus escaped or deceased. A consideration of the losses sustained another portions of this State, especially in the p in the war, gives the sum of $708,000 as the entire estimate for the State of Virginia. Reasoning by analogy, for want of absolute date, and extending the calculation to the other States of the Confederacy, in all of which heavy losses have been sustained among the negroes impressed for labor on the defenses, the Bureau has arrived at the sum of $3,108,000 as the minimum probably required to meet this class of expenditures. I have therefore the honor to submit an estimate of $3,108,000, and to ask an appropriation of this amount for the purpose indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. RIVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[JANUARY 22, 1864. -For Murrah to Magruder, in relation to reorganization of Texas troops, see Series I, VOL. XXXIVV, Part II, p. 905.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 7. Richmond, January 23, 1864.

I. Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, is hereby revoked.

II. Enrolling officers will proceed as rapidly as practicable in the enrollment of all persons made liable to military service. Previous to enrollment as conscript all such persons will be allowed to volunteer: Provided-

1. The company selected was in service on the 16th of April, 1862.

