
consideration of State jurisdiction or State sovereignty is received with open and violent contempt. How far these things may have passed under your own observation, and many have excited your official solicitude for the dignity of the State and the immunities of her citizens, I am not able to say. Doubtless you have seen enough to induce the conviction that the evil is not only enormous, but dangerous, and the inspire you mind with the determination that it must be checked.

Major Corkern is proceeding slowly with the organizations of the State troops. A few days since an order was issued by the provost-marshal-general of the district annulling the State organization and forbidding enlistment in its ranks.

Major Corkern is proceeding, so far as I can learn, strictly according to law. He came to me for advice, and my advice was to disregard all such orders, maintain his organization, and proceed to complete it according to law and the orders received from you; that whether the State had the right and power to form troops of her own out of any material she pleased was not a question to be disposed of by the order of a provost-marshal or any other military officer in the Confederate service. It was a question to be settled in the event of any difference between the Governor of the State and the President. He will stick to his position-he appears to be one of the sticking kind-and I am glad of it.

We are rejoiced to hear of the brilliant success of our arms on Red River. We may hope that great and happy results will flow from it, and that this miserable abolition spawning of which Hahn is the appropriate head may no longer disgrace the soil and character of the State. The crushing out of that dirty thing is a result most devoutly to be wished, and the power once in our hands, its very root should be extirpated from the land. Not a man should be suffered to breathe the air of our State who would avail himself of the hours of her misfortune to assassinate her civil and political life. We may be thankful that they have all marked themselves for retribution, and when the authority of the State shall re-enter its wonted field the purgation will be prompt and thorough.

We have the rumor here that Texada and Elgee have taken the oath to the United States Government. I cannot believe that it be true.

Is it possible?

I should like to be in the field again; and if I was with the proper command I could render great service to the country in this district. I know all the country intimately. I know the people, and can draw them into the service and retain them. I could introduce and maintain both military and civil order here; could annoy the enemy and defend the country. The people and the soldiery from the river to the lakes desire it, and I am ready and willing to undertake it. I suppose, however, that Mr. Davis would consider it a personal favor to me to grant me such a command, and consequently would not do so. I have no personal ambition to gratify in the matter, but am simply willing no personal ambition to gratify in the matter, but am simply willing to assume the position as a matter of public duty. If the idea meets your concurrence, and you are of opinion that my services would be of any value to the State and to the Confederacy, I commit myself to your hands, to do as you may think best. I should be glad to hear from you if convenient by the return of Mr. Gayle.

Very truly, yours,

PRESTON POND, Jr.

