
BRUSSELS, May 9, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Herewith I have the honor to transmit the letter which His Holiness Pope Pius IX addressed to Your Excellency on the 3d of December last. Mr. W. Jefferson Buchanan has obligingly undertaken its conveyance and will deliver it in person.

This letter will grace the archives of the Executive Office in all coming time. It will live forever in story as the production of the first potentate who formally recognized your official position and accorded to one of the diplomatic representatives of the Confederate States an established court palace, like that of St. James or the Tuileries.

I have the honor to be, with the most distinguished consideration, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

A. DUDLEY MANN.

[Inclosure. *]

PIUS NINTH-POPE.

ILLUSTRIOUS AND Honorable SIR: Health! We have received with all fitting kindness the gentlemen sent by Your Excellency to deliver us your letters bearing date the 23d of September last. We certainly experienced no small pleasure when we learned from the same gentlemen and the letters of Your Excellency with what emotions of joy and gratitude toward us you were affected, illustrious and Honorable sir, when you were first made acquainted with our letters to those reverend brethren, John, archbishop of New York, and John, archbishop of New Orleans, written on the 18th of October of last year, in which we again and again urged and exhorted the same reverend brethren that, as behooved their distinguished piety and their episcopal charge, they should most zealously use every effort in our name also, to bring to an end the fatal civil war that had arisen in those regions, and that those people were animated with the same feelings of peace and tranquillity which we so earnestly inculcated in the letters mentioned as having been addressed to the aforesaid reverend brethren. And would that other people also of those regions, and their rulers, seriously considering how grievous and mournful a thing is intestine war, would be pleased with tranquil minds to embrace and enter upon counsels of peace. We indeed shall not cease with most fervent prayers to beseech and pray God, the omnipotent and all-good, to pour out the spirit of Christian charity and peace upon all those people of America and deliver them from the evils so great with which they are afflicted.

And of the most merciful Lord of compassion himself, we likewise pray that He may illumine Your Excellency with the light of His grace, and may conjoin you in perfect love with our self.

Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, December 3, in the year 1863, and of our Pontificate the eighteenth.

PIUS P. P. IX.

---------------

*This translation was obtained from the U. S. Treasury Department, in which the original, in Latin, is on file.

---------------

26 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

