
markets to secure their already extravagant rates, that these complaints, urged as they are by these self-serving parties, come teeming in.

It would be difficult to conceive of a batch of complaints with a development of facts in regard to the complaints which would more aptly illustrate and verify the above-quoted view than this under consideration. Mr. Mark. E. Cooper, being an agent of the Navy Department, is not responsible to this Bureau, yet he submits a report through Captain Means, which the latter so indorses as to render it of undoubted veracity; and from his report it appears that Montague's property has not been impressed, but his feelings have been so much disturbed in consequence of the interruption of his schemes for speculation that he has given vent to his rage by an expressed apprehension of an insurrection by the people. Robertson and Rutland both evince (according to Major Trout's showing) considerable illiberality and unwillingness to aid property in supplying the wants of the Government, although the latter urges no complaint for himself. The former (Mr. Robertson), it appears, made his own selection (from his herd of twenty-odd cattle) of the two cows for the impressment of which he complains; and this selection, too, seems to have been made contrary to the suggestions of the impressing agent and the advice of his friend. Moreover, Mr. Myers, the agent, reports to Major Trout that he has never carried out the impressment in this case, nor had any cattle whatever from John E. Robertson. Indeed, these complaints and this revelation of the complaint's conduct in the premises are of a character not very creditable to the latter, to say the least of it. With regard to the circulars or notices of impressment here questioned, this Bureau may, in justice to itself, submit a reference to the indorsement by it of 16th of January last on the letter by the Hon. A. P. Aldrich, inclosing notice served on J. J. Brabham, &amp;c., the concluding sentence of which indorsement was as follows, viz:

It is requested that the War Department cause a form of impressment notice to be drawn up, so that all may be uniform.

Major Trout is certainly well protected against the charge of willful or gross misconduct in the use of his circular or impressment notice, first, because it is the production of Senator Orr; and secondly, because this notice seems to have been well sustained by the law and orders as they then stood, and the notice used by Mr. Heriot seems to have been equally well sustained by them at that time also.

Now, while this Bureau recognizes in the law and orders a grant of power to the officer (when ordered to impress) of a discretional character as to the amount he may impress from each individual of the articles required, limited only by the exempting clauses in the law and orders and by the decision of the appraisers as to the quantity to be exempted, yet it does not fully approve in its officers any system of tithing by impressment which is not controlled by the circumstances in each case. This Bureau had already at the time the within reports were called for instructed these officers through Major Guerin the policy of the Government in procuring its supplies to destroy breeding stock, but to draw from the surplus of that which is fit and designed for consumption. "

In reply to the view taken by Governor Bonham that "the people of the towns and cities, may of them refugees, &c., are absolutely in want of the necessaries of life, and the reason is that these circulars have deterred many citizens from selling," &c., it is proper to say that the law makes such exemptions from seizures as in the wisdom of the legislators were thought sufficient to enable the citizens to

