
hold their necessary supplies, which provision, together with that contained in General Orders, No. 144, series 1863, is, it would seem, amply sufficient and cannot be augmented without dangerously relaxing the entire system of impressment, so indispensable at this time as a means to aid in the procurement of army supplies.

Further, in vindication of these officers it does not appear from the within papers that the above provisions have been denied by any of them to the citizens. It is also respectfully submitted that the officers and agents for impressing in the State of South Carolina have (so far as this Bureau is advised) done as much to palliate and as little to harass the citizens under the onerous consequences of impressment in that as in any other State in the Confederate States.

Therefore, that the officers here charged should receive no additional admonition whatever, is respectfully submitted.

A. F. EDWARDS,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

Approved and respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that copies of Major Trout's paper and the affidavit of Mr. Myers be furnished to Governor Bonham for his attention, as furnishing matter for executive animadversion. This Bureau believes that subsistence is more than usually abundant in South Carolina this year, and that there is not much danger of suffering, as supposed.

L. B. ssary-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, March 2, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Inclosed I send you copies of a circular served upon many citizens by Major Trout, one by Captain Heriot, and copies of communications from citizens of this State, C. Montague and John e. Robertson, one under oath; also a printed slip by J. S. Hair, an agent of the Government. These afford illustrations of the complaints made by many citizens. You will perceive that Major Trout forbids the removal or disposal of the surplus at the peril of the owner, and Captain Heriot also forbids its removal or transfer. The effect of this course of conduct has been that the poor of the country, the people of the towns and cities, many of them refugees from States now in the hands of the enemy and from our own sea-coast, are absolutely in want of the necessaries of life, which can only be purchased at ruinous rates; and the reason is that these circulars have deterred many citizens from selling a bushel of meal or flour to the needy at home, and from bringing it to the cities, towns, and villages, through apprehension of interference by impressing officers. The slip published by J. S. Hair, agent, is one of many of the same kind, showing that the Government is unable to provide depots for the tax in kind or to transport it. It is not improbable that one-half of the tax in kind in South Carolina yet remains to be disposed of by Government, and yet you will see by these papers that the agents are either taking grain to send elsewhere or compelling the citizens to withhold it from the non-producers, refugees, and the poor. The attorney-general has given the opinion that "the service of this circular cannot be supposed to act as a lieu on the property of the person to whom it is

