
addressed, and the threat of personal peril arising from the disregard of a general notice of this character is not, I think, authorized by the act. "

I call your attention further to the matter mentioned in the statement of Mr. Robertson that stock cattle-cows with calf-are being impressed. I have heard of similar cases. I have desired to avoid even the appearance of a conflict with the Confederate Government, and have therefore abstained from making any publication to the people of this opinion of the attorney-general, as desired by resolutions of the House of Representatives herewith inclosed, and of their rights, but prefer first to ask you to require these agents to undo the mischief they are working. The surplus products of the county above its absolute wants cannot get out of the Confederacy and will not be destroyed, so that when the Government shall have transported its tax in kind to where it is needed it will still be able to find this surplus, and most probably in the hands of those who above all others should feel the operations of the law of impressment. I ask your early attention to this subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Chesterville, S. C., December 12, 1864.

J. M. RUTLAND,

Executor:

SIR: As division commissary for this district I desire to purchase all the produce now in your possession, amounting, as I am informed, to cattle, hogs, wheat, flour, bacon, sirup, &amp;c. I am authorized to pay you the prices fixed by the commissioners of South Carolina for the same, and will pay in currency at my office. Upon your refusal or declining to accept the above offer, the emergency of the Army Carolina, require that I should impress the same, which I hereby do, except the necessary supplies for your consumption. If you decline to accept, you are also notified that any effort to remove or dispose of the same will be at your peril. Should you decline to sell as proposed in paragraph 7, then, upon your making affidavit that the above is the growth and produce of your farm, you will immediately select one loyal citizen and I will select another, and in the event of their disagreeing then they will select an umpire, and after being duly sworn shall assess just compensation for the aforesaid. If you have not grown, raised, or produced the same for family use (which you must also verify by affidavit) then you shall be paid for the same 35 cents net for beef, 40 cents per pound gross for hogs, sheep $15 per head, it being the prices given by the commissioners of South Carolina under the fifth section of the impressment act.

Respectfully, &c.,

T. B. TROUT,

Major and Division Commissary.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

SUMTER, January 16, 1864.

Mr. JAMES CALDWELL,

Statesburg, S. C.:

SIR: I propose to purchase in behalf of the Confederate States of America the sorghum molasses and surplus corn, bacon, lard, and

