
pickled beef now on your hands belonging to yourself or others, and hereby offer you for the molasses $4 per gallon; corn, $2. 50 per bushel; bacon sides, $1; hams, 90 cents; shoulders, 85 cents; lard, $1; and pickled beef, 50 cents per pound, in currency. Should you decline the price offered, I will be obliged to impress the said property; in which case compensation will be made according to the act of congress for the regulation of impressments. This is sufficient notice under the act to bind the said property until the completion of the negotiation, so that there can be no removal or transfer of the same.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN O. HERIOT,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]

COLUMBIA, January 18, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF SOUTH CAROLINA:

The affidavit of the subscriber showeth that, having been in Union district last week, for the purpose of procuring food for his own and other families of the city of Columbia, he was informed by various planters of the district that a certain man, purporting to be acting by the authority of the Confederate States, by the name of McClure, had seized or notified them that if they would not sell him their wheat that he would take it; that he left, and another young, hearty, stout-looking man, by the name of Cooper, came to same district in a few days to carry Mr. McClure's plan into execution; that the subscriber received a message from the said Cooper to go and see him; that on Sunday evening last deponent went to see the said Cooper, and that Cooper told deponent not to remove the flour he had bought and paid for some time before until he received an affidavit from him and the others for whom he had purchased that it was for their own use; that deponent hold him that Lincoln or the devil could not devise any better means of breaking up this Confederacy than the plans he told me of; that he came to Mr. John Long's late last Sunday night, and that Long told me that Cooper appointed him an agent, and that he was to get $5 a day for acting while he was absent; that this wheat was to be sent to Augusta immediately, and then sent to Charleston for the use of the Navy; that Mr. Long told deponent that Cooper told him they were also going to take the corn and peas and deal them out to the citizens as they needed them. These and a great many more unreasonable propositions and questions were asked the subscriber, one of which was the number of persons in subscriber's family, and how long a barrel of flour would last him; and that Cooper told him that negroes must not get flour; that subscriber told him he would not get corn down the road, and would not let the negroes perish; that Cooper was otherwise impertinent; that subscriber fully believes that if these wolves are suffered to harass the country in the way they propose that an insurrection of the citizens is imminent, and that anarchy will ensue; and that great discontent prevails already and threats made to withdraw their sons from the Army; and when Cooper was told of this by deponent that he said they would be soon put down; that Mr. Long told deponent that Cooper said that we did know what kind of crops we were going to have next year, and it was best to store the flour, and when Long asked C become of the poor, that he answered that they would take care of them themselves.

C. MONTAGUE.

