
Personally appeared before me C. Montague and made oath that the above statements are true.

T. J. GOODWYN,

Magistrate ex Officio.

[Sub-inclosure No. 4.]

RIDGEWAY, FAIRFIELD DISTRICT, December, 1863.

His Excellency Governor BONHAM:

DEAR SIR: As a citizen of this State I think it my duty to inform you of some of the acts of the impressing agents, or sub-agents, or treble agents, or whatever you may call them, as I do not know their titles. On this day one of Major Trout's agents impressed two of my cows with calf, I protesting against it. I only own twenty-five head of cattle, consisting of cows and yearlings. He said he had made it his rule to impress one-tenth of all the cattle in this neighborhood. I asked by what authority he acted. He said he had done so to make it equal. I asked him how he knew there were that many. His answer was that he knew. I told him I objected because I had no beef-cattle, and that I wanted to increase my stock. I have eighty negroes or more on my plantation, and that I wanted the milk; as I only had about thirty hogs to kill, as it was cheaper to buy them before the war than to raise them, but if the agents were to go on in this way we will have no stock cattle, and I am afraid nothing else. I have inclosed you his impressment bill* on one of my neighbors. I asked him if he intended to give me a receipt from what he impressed. He said no, but he said he would take a receipt from me for the money. I told him he must give me a receipt, so as to show the next agent that came along. If the Government wanted the cattle, or if I had any beef-cattle, they could have them, but I did not believe they wanted stock-cattle. He said he would impress all my corn. I told him no; that I had agreed to support Doctor Powell and family, consisting of twenty-seven in white and black, and four head of stock, at $2 per bushel; and Doctor Powell was medical purveyor of A. P. Hill's division, and depending on me for supplies.

I have stated to you the facts of the case. I hope you will inform me how to act in this matter. If it is law there will be starvation in the country. We are willing to pay one-tenth to the Government, but nobody to receive it as yet. The agent pretends to be acting under some other authority. I am very sorry to intrude on you so much. I will be governed by your directions.

Hoping you will reply right off, I am, yours,

JOHN E. ROBERTSON.

[Sub-inclosure No. 5.]

Notice.

There will be no more corn received at Chappell's Depot until further notice, as there is not room to put it in.

J. S. HAIR,

Agent from Government, Chappell's Depot.

JANUARY 21, 1864.

[Sub-inclosure No. 6.]

1. Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested by his proclamation to publish a brief statement of the provisions of the impressment law of the Confederate States, to be prepared by or

---------------

*See sub-inclosure No. 1, p. 405.

---------------

