
under the advice of the attorney-general and solicitors of the State, and that he be requested to add thereto such recommendations to the people as he shall think fit and proper.

2. Resolved, That he be requested to forward to our Representatives and Senators in Congress the wish of this General Assembly that they will urge upon the President and other departments of the Government a prompt correction of the evils and abuses of the system of impressment as administered to this State.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, April 26, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the replies of Major Trout and Captains Means and Conner to the several papers transmitted, with the letter of Captain A. F. Edwards of the 16th of March. I have delayed sending these replies until I should receive that of Major Trout, which came to hand last night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Chief Commissary.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

OFFICE OF DIVISION COMMISSARY,

Chesterville, S. C., April 16, 1864.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Commissary of Subsistence:

MAJOR: The package of papers referred to me from your office under date of March 20, 1863 [1864], has my attention. I will simply premise that the delay in answering the complaints urged against my agents and myself has been caused by pressing business and having no assistance in my office. I have taken the liberty of numbering the papers so as to answer more intelligibly.

In answer to paper No. 1, indorsed "Major Trout's circular," I simply inclose one of the printed forms used, together with an affidavit of Mr. H. H. Devereux in relation to the authorship of this notice, which authorship certainly led me more readily to sue that form. *

Be paper No. 2 it appears that Mr. Robertson (John E.) complains of my agent having impressed two of his cows with calf, he protesting. + He likewise forwards the impressment notice and advocates the cause of Mr. J. M. Rutland, executor of the estate of Peay, in Fairfield District. In answer I beg leave to submit the attested statement of Mr. Franklin Myers, my agent in Fairfield District; also his letter to me (a copy thereof) dated December 18, 1863. This letter will exhibit the fact that the amount impressed from Mr. Rutland, executor, was far below the proportion adopted by Mr. Myers; and I will here state that in adopting a rule of this kind several of my agents were guided by their own judgment, and did it simply with a view to equalize the burden to the people. In carrying out this rule some of the agents caused the cattle to be penned; then he selected one head, the next choice to be given to the Government being accorded to the owner of the cattle, and so on alternately until the one-tenth was exhausted. The parties were, however, notified that in case of further need another draft would be made upon them.

---------------

*For affidavit, see p. 412.

+See p. 407.

---------------

