
2. The company selected it at the time of volunteering below the minimum number prescribed by regulations.

3. No person made liable to service under this order will be permitted to join or will be assigned to any company which has more than sixty-four privates on the roll until all the companies in the service from the State of which the volunteer or conscript is a resident shall have the minimum number prescribed by regulations.

4. Upon the company being selected, the volunteer will receive from the enrolling officer a certificate to the effect that the has so volunteered, and no volunteer will be received in any company except on such certificate.

III. Persons who fail to make selection according to the provisions of this order, and at the time of enlistment, will be assigned according to existing regulations.

IV. All officers in command of companies authorized under this order to receive conscripts or volunteers will forthwith sent to the commandant of conscripts of the State accurate certified rolls of their companies, and without such roll, showing that they do not exceed sixty-four privates, there will not be assigned any conscript or volunteer.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 24, 1864.

WYNDHAM ROBERTSON, Esq.,

Chairman Committee on Confederate Relations,

House of Delegates of Virginia:

SIR: I regret that other more pressing engagements have prevented me from sooner acknowledging you communication of the 13th instant relative to the forced withdrawal of able-bodied male slaves from localities within the lines of the enemy or exposed to their inroads. The aims which were contemplated in the proposition heretofore made by me to obtain the sanction of the Legislature of Virginia to such removal were chiefly two: First, to save such slaves to the owners and prevent the abstraction of such much productive and valuable labor from the Commonwealth; and secondly, to prevent their being seduced or compelled by the enemy to recruit his armies and increase the resources employed by them in the atrocious warfare waged against us.

In reference to the first of these ends, I am free to admit that information gathered by me from inquiries made and manifestation of sentiment in different exposed localities lead me to concur in the opinion you express as to the repugnance and apprehension entertained by owners of the effect of such proceedings upon their slave property. They should be able to form the best judgment as to the means of preserving their property, and the Department is disposed to defer to their judgment and relinquish all idea of acting with a view to the preservation of the slaves to their owners of the Commonwealth. In the second point it is that the contingencies may occur which would render it an imperative military duty on the part of the Government to remove, as far as its power allowed, able-bodied men who were about to be, and without such action would certainly be, placed in the Army of the enemy. Heretofore the enemy have used mainly seduction, and, except in very limited localities and those

