
I note that Governor Bonham's letter is dated on March 2, 1864; the action of the Legislature was in December, 1863. The difference in time has made a great change in circumstances. In December last the tenth only of wheat, peas, &amp;c., was the only portion being taken up by the tax-in-kind department, from whom our department received the tenth. This forced us to purchase corn, and failing to obtain it by purchase, to give notice that we would impress; but little, however, was taken in that way in this division. No bacon was then coming in, and hogs we could not obtain; consequently beef-cattle were an absolute necessity. These were not included in the tenth, and I was directed to make strenuous efforts to obtain as many as possible.

Finally, I beg leave to submit that in none of the districts under my charge has there been any complaint, except where the agents, misunderstanding their instructions, have created some excitement; and in some instances I have met with approbation from those whose property has been drawn upon by my orders for the suavity I have exercised to them in pursuance of my duties. I beg leave to submit herewith papers numbered 4, 5, 6, and 7; also to refer to a letter (a copy of which I have means of obtaining) written by William M. Shannon, esq., to General Beauregard, complaining of the foraging parties in Kershaw District from some command on the coast, in which he speaks of the action of Mr. J. H. Devereux, my agent in that district, as perfectly satisfactory. My only desire has been to perform my duty to the Government, and it was my openly declared intention in taking charge of this division not to come into conflict with the people, and I am satisfied that as a general thing I have been successful.

I am, major, with respect, your obedient servant,

T. B. TROUT,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Paper No. 4.]

CAMDEN, April 6, 1864.

I state with pleasure that I have never heard of any complaints against the commissary agent at this point. We pretty generally complied with his requisitions cheerfully, feeling that although it was a sacrifice to give our stock, that our Army needed it, which was sufficient impressment for me.

JNO. M. DE SAUSSURE.

[Paper No. 5.]

CAMDEN, April 9, 1864.

I state with pleasure that I never heard of any complaints against the agent of the Commissary Department at this place, and if any abuse of the law has taken place it is unknown to me. I have not any general intercourse with the people of this district, but I have heard frequent discussions among individuals as to impressments, and have not heard Mr. Devereux's conduct censured.

G. J. WITHERS.

[Paper No. 6.]

CAMDEN, April 8, 1864.

I certify on honor that while in the employ of the Commissary Department, under T. B. Trout, major and commissary of subsistence, I endeavored to discharge my duty in strict accordance with his orders, and that in doing so I never found it necessary to abuse or trespass on the rights of my fellow-citizens. I never selected cattle intended for the use of the Army, always leaving to the planter to

