
give what he could best spare from his stock. I made no case of impressment; the people generally complied with request to sell me a portion of their stock.

JOHN CANTRY.

[Paper No. 7.]

CAMDEN, April 6, 1864.

I certify on honor that I never received an order from T. B. Trout, major and commissary of subsistence, that required me to purchase or impress cows heavy with calf, but on the contrary have been instructed by him to reject such cattle as unfit for beef. With reference to my abusing the authority vested in me, I appeal to the gentlemen whose certificates accompany this certificate.

J. H. DEVEREUX.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

OFFICE ASSISTANT COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Alston, March 27, 1864.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Commissary of Subsistence, Charleston:

MAJOR: A copy of the complaint of C. Montague to the Governor of South Carolina, with your indorsement, has been received. I would respectfully state that Mr. Cooper is a Navy agent, acting under the orders of Secretary Mallory, and is entirely independent of me. He is authorized to purchase and impress if necessary anywhere in the States of North and South Carolina. He is instructions are to report to district commissaries wherever he may design operating, only with a view to prevent any conflict between them as to prices. While I do not in the least consider myself responsible for his acts, yet from my knowledge of his operations in my district I am willing to indorse him as a zealous, energetic, and skillful agent, and have been informed by a superior officer in his department that he was the best agent the Navy had. Mr. Cooper and myself have had frequent interviews, and he has unreservedly told me his plans and what he was doing, and I have invariably found his statements corroborated by the testimony of others. He has never to me indulged in the expression of such sentiments as those attributed to him by Mr. Long. There are some circumstances connected with Mr. Long's statement (within my own knowledge) that would make me extremely cautions in receiving it to the detriment of Mr. Cooper's reputation. From Mr. Montague's own statement it appears that he gave Mr. Cooper occasion to be what he terms "impertinent. " Mr. Cooper (although a Government agent) is, I presume, in some respects like other men-can be provoked to strike back. In this case I think it probable he might have thought it best to obey the Bible injunction, "Treat a fool according to his folly. " It is by no means impossible to provoke a man to say harsh things, and then make an ex parte statement apparently injurious to him. This thing has been very often done against that much abused class of men known as Government agents, or, as Mr. Montague would say, "wolves. " When a man is pursuing a straightforward, upright, and Honorable course he seldom refuses to make the necessary showing when demanded by one who even has the shadow of authority. It appears that Mr. Cooper had no intention of taking from any other speculator perhaps thought it best to ask the proof. Instead of feeling a just pride in vindicating

