
himself, and showing that he was not aiming to evade the obvious intention of the law, he accuses Mr. Cooper of hitting upon a better plan for breaking up the Confederacy than had ever entered into the minds of Lincoln or the devil to devise; complains to the Governor and calls Mr. Cooper "impertinent," "wolf," &amp;c. It really appears that he thought every one should know Mr. Montague, and that was sufficient, and that it was high treason even to question him. Unfortunately we seldom hear of our Governor except as he occasionally flings at the General Government and its agents. With your permission I will refer this matter to Mr. Cooper, feeling assured that he can and will vindicate. I disclaim being responsible for his acts only so far as my most cordial approval of those of those that have come under my observation will go. I will take pleasure in forwarding to you Mr. Cooper's report as soon as received.

I am, major, yours, very respectfully,

S. C. MEANS,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]

OFFICE ASST. COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE, DIV. No. 5,

Florence, March 22, 1864.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Commissary of Subsistence, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I am this morning in receipt of copy of circular issued by Captain Heriot, which as an indorsement of your own. I have the honor to state that in a circular issued by me to the agents instructions were given to make due allowance for the wants of non-producers, and I am sure such allowance has been made. Since I have been in charge of the division but one impressment has been made. Notices have been served in one or two instances, but have been withdrawn at the parties' request. As far as my agents report, I think planters have as little to complain of in my division as in any part of the Confederacy.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. CONNER,

Captain and Division Commissary of Subsistence.

[Sub-inclosure No. 4.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,

Kershaw District:

Personally appeared before me, a magistrate of this district, John H. Devereux, who, being duly sworn, deposeth that in August, 1863, he was in the employ of the Commissary Department, and that he had occasion to visit Anderson Court-House, S. C. While there an impressment was about to be made, and the question arose as to which was the best form for serving a notice; that the Hon. James L. Orr was present, and the question was referred to him; that he, the said James L. Orr, told deponent to draw up a form; that deponent did so, but as the form did not meet his views the said James L. Orr did with his own hands draw up and write on paper a form; and deponent further stated that this form was placed in an impression copying book by Captain K. L. Simons, assistant commissary of subsistence, the officer in charge of that purchasing division, and a copy taken; that the copy was given to deponent, the said Captain K. L. Simons keeping the original. Deponent further stateth that from this copy he had printed

