
a number of forms, one of which in October, 1863, he sent by mail to Major T. B. Trout, assistant commissary of subsistence, Chester Court-House, and at the same time stating that the forms was prepared by the Hon. James L. Orr. Deponent also stated that the said Major T. B. Trout, assistant commissary of subsistence, did have printed and put into use a number of these forms, and that he, the said deponent, believeth that Major T. B. Trout, assistant commissary of subsistence, adopted this form in consequence of the authorship.

J. H. DEVEREUX.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st day of April, 1864.

J. K. WITHERSPOON,

Magistrate, Kershaw District.

[Sub-inclosure No. 5.]

WINNSBOROUGH, March 31, 1864.

Major T. B. TROUT:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your inquiries relative to the complaints made against me as an agent of the Government by Mr. John E. Robertson, in behalf of himself and Mr. Rutland as executor, I desire to submit the following statement:

That soon after my appointment as agent, knowing that Mr. Rutland as executor had a good many beeves, I called on him to purchase some for the department. He seemed not at all inclined to accommodate me, and I soon found out that if I got the number of beeves I supposed I was entitled to I would have to impress. In fact, he informed me that I could only get them according to law. I then served him with notice of impressment, which notice, through inexperience, was improperly filled out, as I discovered next day. I then served him with another notice properly filled out. After the notice was served and the persons were to be selected by the parties to appraise the property, Mr. Rutland selected Mr. John E. Robertson. To him I objected, because I believed he was not a loyal citizen required by the law, and would not act impartially in the matter. I concluded for several reasons that he was not loyal, and especially because I had just heard him say that he thought we (meaning the seceded States) had best compromise on the best terms we could and get back into the old Union; and previously I had heard him say that he thought the sooner this dammed Government fell to piece the better it would be for us. Indeed, it seems strange that Mr. Robertson, wholly disconnected with the parties interested in Colonel Peay's estate, should manifest so much interest in the welfare thereof and attempt to guard it against this deponent, who is a first cousin to all the parties interested therein. Mr. Robertson himself was served with a notice of impressment, which has never been formally carried out. After this notice Mr. Robertson exhibited to deponent some twenty-odd head of cattle, from which deponent selected yearling, and Mr. Robertson objected to that and pointed out two cows which he said he preferred to part with and could spare best, as they were old. Deponent and Mr. Jones, the friend of Robertson, both suggested to Robertson he had better retain these cows as they were with calf. Robertson still insisted he could part with these two best. Deponent would here boldly express the opinion that Mr. Robertson was not influenced by any pure or laudable motive in making the representations he has done to His Excellency in this behalf. I am sure that he has suffered nothing at my hands as an agent of the Government that will justify him in the course he has taken.

