
In conclusion I would suggest that Mr. Rutland, being a man and a good lawyer, would at least be as able as Mr. Robertson is to defend himself of he thought himself aggrieved.

Yours, respectfully,

FRANK MYERS.

SOUTH CAROLINA,

Fairfield District:

Before me personally appeared Frank Myers and made oath that the matters stated in the foregoing letter as facts are true, and that the opinions therein expressed be believes to be well founded and correct.

FRANK MYERS.

Sworn to before me 31st March, 1864.

W. E. AIKEN,

Magistrate ex Officio.

[Sub-inclosure No. 6.]

WINNSBOROUGH, December 18, 1863.

Major T. B. TROUT,

Chester:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you a letter from J. M. Rutland, executor of the estate of Peay, in this district. I began buying, and when parties refused to sell I impressed one-tenth of every man's cattle. Rutland has 300 head of cattle. I require of him thirty head as the quota, and you see what he says. I did do wrong in agreeing at first to let him off with eight, but I immediately reconsidered the matter and came to the conclusion that I must discharge this duty impartially and make him furnish what all of his neighbors had done-one-tenth of the number. His statement as regards my visiting one man and taking none is incorrect. You will please instruct me how to proceed in this matter. Write to me at Ridgeway.

Yours, respectfully,

FRANK MYERS.

P. S. - Shall I impress corn? No one will sell, and I think there is 10,000 bushels of surplus corn int he neighborhood where I now am.

F. M.

[Inclosure.]

LONGTOWN, December 18, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I received your letter by Nap., and read it with surprise. It seems to me that you are entirely at sea on the subject of impressment. You first claim everything except a bare support for the place. Your next claim one-tenth of the hogs, cattle, sheep, bacon, &amp;c., and next one-tenth of the cattle, and finally firmly agree that you will accept eight beeves as the quota of this estate; and I am told in one instance you have visited a citizen of this place who objects to furnishing of his cattle, and that you have acquiesced, or at least did not impress. To be candid with you, I think it is your duty to find out where there is a surplus of hogs and cattle, and take from such surplus only what is necessary to satisfy the present necessities of that portion of the army which you are acting for. We have no surplus on this estate except of corn, fodder, peas, and a little wheat. We have raised no cattle except for our own use for several years.

