
and I can safely make affidavit that we have raised neither hogs nor cattle except for our own use, and that we have no more than we need for use. I consented, however, to spare eight beeves to you, and I am perfectly certain if others will do as much in proportion you will get more beeves than you will need for months to come. Besides your adopting the rule of impressing one-tenth of a man's entire stock, and taking your tenth in number altogether of beef-cattle is entirely arbitrary and unjust, and without authority, even where there is a surplus, unless it can be shown that the necessities of the army imperatively demand it. I am still willing to comply with the agreement made with you this morning, but I will not consent to go beyond it, and if you get more you will have to take it be force, and if it comes to that perhaps you ought to be careful not to overstep the limits of your authority. I don't wish to be offensive, but I wish to speak plainly. I think your demands on the community at this time, if you require of others as you seemed disposed to require of me, amount to a great deal more than the army you are acting for has any use for at present, and I know something of its numbers as well as well as you, and of course can judge as well as you.

Respectfully, yours,

J. M. RUTLAND,

Executor.

P. S. -Since receiving your letter I shall not drive in the eight beeves unless I hear from you again.

J. M. R.

MARION, May 10, 1864.

Hon. W. P. CHILTON:

MY DEAR SIR: It is evident that if the army bill of the last session of Congress is carried into effect by sending the reserve to the camp of instruction this month it will be productive of incalculable misery without any corresponding benefit. I do not pretend to know what the military necessities of the country are, but I am informed that it is not the purpose of the Government to call the reserves into the field at this time, there being no necessity for it, but that with the view of organizing them into companies, regiments, &amp;c., the reserves are ordered to the camp of instruction, and when these organization are completed they, the reserves, will be furloughed home. Some weeks will be required to effect this. Nine-tenths of the reserves are laboring men, who make their living by their own manual labor on their farms. To take them from their farms at this season of the year and keep them away for a few weeks would result in the loss of their crops. After their corps are "laid by" they would much better spare three months from home than ten days now. I therefore earnestly solicit you to urge the Secretary of War to suspend the order to send the reserves to the conscript camp.

Yours, truly,

W. M. BROOKS.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Honorable Secretary of War, asking his particular consideration of the within suggestions.

W. P. CHILTON.

