
RICHMOND, May 10, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BROWN:

Your telegram of the 9th to the President in relation to the steamer Ada has been referred to this Department. On the 12th of April a telegram was sent to you stating that the act of Congress imposing restrictions on export of cotton required that the regulation of trade should be uniform. Therefore the requirement that one-half of the cargo of every outward-bound vessel should be for account of the Confederate States cannot be relinquished as an exception in your favor. April 27 Mr. Lamar applied for a clearance for this steamer, and was informed that she could not go until she complies with the regulation.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPTION, STATE OF GEORGIA,
Macon, Ga., May 10, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: It having been reported to me from many counties in the State that men enrolled under the act of Congress 17th of February, 1864, "to organize forces to serve during the war," are claiming exemption from service by virtue of their election to civil State offices subsequent to date of enrollment, and under the erroneous impression that you will protect them in their claims, I have the honor, very respectfully, to request you will not countenance claims for exemption from military service on the ground of election to State offices subsequent to enrollment in the C. S. Army. It [is] my earnest desire to avoid, by myself and by my officers, any real or apparent conflict with the officials of the State, and am therefore very desirous that Your Excellency should make such declaration as would remove the difficulty to which I have referred and which is of constant occurrence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Commandant.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., May 11, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Circumstances have arisen which make it necessary that I should again call your attention to the claim which the State of North Carolina has against the Confederate Government for cotton loaned it some twelve months since. The cotton loaned was part of that purchased by the State and pledged to parties in Europe, who upon such pledge advanced the money necessary to purchase and bring over army supplies. The terms upon which this cotton was so pledged were that the party holding the obligation might at any time, on sixty days' notice, received the cotton from the State. This notice has now been given, and the credit of the State requires that the cotton shall be delivered. The cotton loaned to the Confederate Government was

