
loaned with the distinct understanding that it was to be returned at any time when called for, and at the port of Wilmington, and yet, in answer to repeated applications, I have received but 300 bales, leaving 1,500 still due. In the present juncture of military affairs it is impossible to command transportation, and unless your order your agent in Wilmington to pay the debt due the State her credit must suffer. Should the credit of the State abroad receive this blow it will very seriously cripple me in my efforts to bring in supplies of food and clothing, which efforts up to this time have been attended with a fair portion of success, and this blow will most unnecessarily be inflicted by the Confederate Government. The Government has now lying in the town of Wilmington, in charge of the Navy Department, a large amount of cotton, and the War Department, I am informed, has also a large amount there. I submit to you, sir, that I should not be met by the answer that the cotton was loaned to the War Department and that cotton belonging to the Nannot be used. The loan was made to the Government, and justice demands that it should be paid, even at some inconvenience. I will be most entirely satisfied with an order on your agent at Wilmington to deliver to my agent 500 bales of cotton per month until the debt is discharged, and as I am so moderate in my demands I have every hope that I will not be disappointed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 23, 1864.

To Colonel Bayne for attention and remarks.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The same exigency (demand for transporting food for the Army) prevents the War Department from bringing its cotton to Wilmington. The cotton has been due to the State a long time, and I propose to pay as desired at the risk of not having an adequate supply for shipment; and I inclose orders with letter I respectfully propose should be sent to Governor Vance. The quantity of cotton due is, I think, about 1,000 bales.

THOS. L. BAYNE.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,
Macon, May 12, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor, &amp;c., Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant reached me to-day, and I reply at once, to correct some of the misapprehensions under which you are laboring; and I must express my regret in finding that I was mistaken in the inference which I drew from your published proclamation, that you would co-operate with the Confederate authorities in their efforts to carry to the Army all men who could serve the country better in the field than at home. There was certainly nothing in the language I quoted from that address to induce me to look for a labored argument from you in justification of the course of those who were seeking the evasion of duty under the cover of State commissions.

27 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

