
In imputing to the officers of the Confederate Government the doctrine that "the States derive their powers and the people of the States their rights and privileges from the will of Congress," you have done them an injustice, of which I presume you were fully conscious at the time your penned the charge. To suppose otherwise would be to impute to Your Excellency a degree of ignorance which it would be offensive to intimate. The only ground upon which you can justify such an imputation in this correspondence is the act that I addressed you under (what now seems to be) the mistaken supposition that Your Excellency had determined to comply with the act of Congress calling upon the Executives of the several States to "certify" what officers were required for the proper administration of the respective State governments. I did not suppose that I had subjected myself to so grave and unjust a criticism by manifesting confidence in the Governor of my State to the extent of believing that he would comply with an act of Congress of which he had made no official complaint and with the provisions of which the Executives of other States had cheerfully and promptly complied. I did not suppose that the sons of Georgia, who had manifested their devotion to her, her rights, and sovereignty in every way in their power, would forfeit their claims of loyalty to that sovereignty and those rights by complying themselves and expecting others to comply with the laws of the Confederate Government. They supposed a law that could be enforced in Virginia and the other States of the Confederacy, and cheerfully responded to by Governor Smith and the Executives of other States without impairing the rights or violating the sovereignty of those States, might be enforced in Georgia with equal impunity and responded to with equal cheerfulness; and I venture, even at the hazard of incurring again Your Excellency's rebuke, to say that such would have been the case if teorgia had, like the Governor of Virginia, witnessed in person the privations and sufferings of our brave soldiers in the field and shared with them, as he did, the hardship of the camp and the dangers of the battle-field. It was the personal knowledge by Governor Smith of the wants of our Army and the necessity of bringing to their support every able-bodied man who could be spared from his pursuits at home, that induced on his part a cordial co-operation with the Confederate Government, increasing the number of the Army and thereby adding to its efficiency. A similar experience on the part of Your Excellency might have induced similar action.

It was quite natural that I should have induced into the error of supposing that Your Excellency intended to comply with the act of Congress from another consideration. I saw in your published address that you had furnished to the authorities at Richmond the certificate which the act of Congress required. It is true you state the fact that the Legislature had declared that all civil and military officers should be exempt; still you did not say that the Legislature demanded the exemption, but that you claimed it. Your language is: "I claim as exempt all civil and military officers of the State. " If, as you now intimate, you regarded the act of Congress as an infringement of the sovereignty and rights and compromise those rights by a pretended compliance with a law of Congress which you considered and intended to treat as a nullity?

I submit that it would have been more candid and dignified to have said to the Confederate Government that your refused to comply with a law that you had determined to nullify.

