
Not only so, but in the very certificate you furnished in response to the law of Congress, you do not content yourself with informing the President of the action of the Legislature, but you add:

I therefore hereby certify, in conformity to the resolution of the General Assembly of this State, that I consider all civil and military officers of this State who hold commissions or have been appointed as directed by the constitution and laws of this State to be necessary for the proper administration of the government of this State.

This [is] a plain, unequivocal certificate that you consider all military and civil officers in Georgia necessary for the proper administration of the State government. Now, I am informed that there are at least ficers in the State. In your message to the late extra session of the Legislature, alluding to the act of Congress, you say:

If the act is executed in this State it deprives her of her whole active militia.

Well, the act is being executed in Georgia with the concurrence and approval of the Legislature, and, according to your own official statement, there is now no active militia in the State.

How, then, are these 2,726 militia officers necessary for the proper administration of the State government? To what use or purpose are they applied? The only legitimate use to be made of them is, that they should take military charge of themselves, for they constitute in and of themselves their sole and entire command. You have solemnly stated that you consider them necessary for the proper administration of the State government. Such is your certificate to the President, but in your reply to my communication you no longer pretend that such is the case; you now put your action purely and simply upon the resolution of the Legislature, and seek to place upon that body the odium and responsibility of withholding these and other sinecure officials from the Army. I cannot pass unnoticed this attempt to throw upon the Legislature the just indignation universally felt at the effort to keep able-bodied men out of the service. In my former letter to you I expressed the opinion, based upon my knowledge of the members of that body, that they never intended to withhold from the Army some five or six thousand men liable to military service, as by your certificate has been done. I repeat that opinion, notwithstanding your gratuitous assumption that it reflects upon the intelligence of the body. My remark does the members of the Legislature the justice to believe that they would scorn to participate in the wrong and injustice done both to the country and our noble Army by the withholding of these sinecure officers from military service. Your defense puts upon the members of the Legislature the entire odium and responsibility of the act. I am more than willing that they shall be the judges between us as to who has done them the greater wrong-I, in saying that they never intended to screen holders of sinecures from their duty, or you, in making them responsible for what you have done yourself. Before your efforts to throw upon others the responsibility which has attached to yourself in this matter succeeds, the public will be curious to know why you did not arrest the action of the Legislature by your favorite resort to the veto power, if, indeed, you did not approve and sanction this wholesale exemption of sinecure officers.

In view of the fact that you first gave a certificate, as required by the act of Congress, and your present denial of any intention to recognize the obligation of the law, I conclude that your position is this: Your comply with the law in form, and nullify it in substance. Whatever doctrine our supreme court may have announced in the

