
entirely within their power, have not, so far so known, drafted or forced slaves into military service. Such course has, however, been threatened, and may at any time be adopted and enforced as their settle rule of action. In such event it is presumed no objection could or would be entertained by these now most reluctant to the removal of the able-bodied male slave. I may say, however, to remove apprehensions on the part of owners, that no present necessity of the kind is known to exist, and that in deference to the wishes and judgment entertained by the owners, as well as by the members of the State Legislature whose opinions have been declared, great reluctance will be felt in resorting to removal, and that it will be only done under such plain necessity as it is hoped will reconcile it to the judgment and interest of all. In such event too if circumstances allow, previous notice will be given, so as to afford the opinion to owners to remove all the slave families.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 25, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Congress has not yet acted. It is not through expedient to organize new companies, but to retain all of conscript age to fill up the old.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 4. Richmond, January 25, 1864.

The attention of commanders is especially directed to General Orders, N o. 7, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, herein set forth for their information. *

Early and vigorous action will be enjoined on the enrolling officers each one of whom should be furnished with a copy of the order without delay. To insure the publicity of the order there should be several insertions in the newspapers of general circulation.

II. Persons presenting applications for special exemption with any show of merit will not be molested until action is taken by this Bureau. These cases will be investigated in accordance with Circular Numbers 3, current series, with the least delay practicable.

By order of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 25, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: To obviate any further difficulty in regard to carrying out cotton by the Collie Line of steamers, the agents of the owners proposes

---------------

* See p. 40.

---------------

