
official have secured permanent exemption. It may relieve to some extent your feelings on this subject to know that one of the main objects in organizing this Reserve Corps is to relieve these very Confederate officers and men from duty in the rear and send them to the front, leaving the easier duties in which they are at present engaged to the men now being called out. Already has this object been accomplished in part, and some of the old veterans thus relieved are on their way to join their comrades in the field. Others will follow in due time.

The habit of speculation, whether indulged in by Confederate or State officers, or any others, is equally reprehensible, and as Your Excellency doubtless has personal knowledge of such conduct among State officers, I commend to your consideration the propriety of a thorough examination into and public exposure of all such cases.

The complaint you make that your militia organization has been broken up by the action of Congress in bringing the men who composed that militia into Confederate service, and that the proper defense of the State has thereby been weakened, is not justified by the facts unless you intend to throw every obstacle in your power in the way of the efficient organization of the Reserve Corps. Unfortunately for the good of the country you have it in your power to do much mischief in this way, though it will not go to the extent you intimate.

As all the material that belonged to your active militia is transferred by the act of Congress to the Reserve Corps, I do not see why the men cannot be as well spared from their business at home to serve in the one as in the other organization. If these very men could be spared from thies to serve in the active militia, I do not see why they may not be as well spared to serve in the Reserve Corps. The only difference is that in the one case of the force would be under your command and control, and in the other it will be under the command and control of the President. You seem to think that its efficiency would be greatly increased by having the control yourself, but in this opinion I apprehend you will find few, if any, to agree with you. One thing is certain-the Legislature entertained a different opinion, for notwithstanding your earnest protest, that body did not hesitate to say be their action in turning over these men to the Confederate authorities they preferred the President to yourself. In the correctness of that decision of the Legislature there is a very general, if not universal, concurrence. Your Excellency constitutes as far as I know the solitary exception. You say:

Prior to the extension of conscription from seventeenth to fifty the President never made a requisition upon me for troops that I did not fill. To his last call I responded with more than double the number required.

This reference to your response to the last call of the President is an unfortunate one if brought forward as evidence of your peculiar qualification for raising and organizing troops. It is true you furnished the President, on paper, double the number he asked for, but owing to your divisions of the State into territorial districts, beyond which the troops could not be required to go, the number of men obtained where their services were needed, in response to every appeal and effort that could be made, was not much greater than one-half the number called for by the President.

The anxiety which you manifest for the agricultural interest and your fears that it might be seriously injured by a withdrawal of too

