
large a portion of that worthy class of our people into the public service involve matters of grave importance which have received, and will continue to receive, the earnest consideration of the Confederate authorities. Details and furloughs for the benefit of this interest can be as freely made under the existing organization as could have been done under your militia organization. If it is not done it will not be owing to any unwillingness on the part of the Confederate authorities to make such details and furloughs, but will be attributable to the fact [that] you have withheld so many sinecure officers from the service. I am aware that some of these officials belong to this class, but a large number of them are, doubtless, of that non-producing class whose absence from home would cause no injury to the agricultural interest. If these men could have been brought into the Army a proportionate number of our farmers and mechanics could have been permitted to return to their homes. As it is, these worthy and useful citizens must be kept away from their business for the benefit of the less useful but more fortunate holders of State commissions in sinecure offices. To the utmost extent, however, that it can be done consistent with the public interest, I have no hesitation in saying details and furloughs will be granted.

In view of the deep interest you manifest on the subject, and satisfied as you must be that the resolution of the Legislature under which you profess to act was never intended to receive the construction you have placed upon it, I submit whether the circumstances would not justify another extra session of that body, that your hands might be untied and the services of your sinecure officials secured to take the place of the farmers and mechanics now kept from their farms and workshops. As in the programme of efficient defense which you had provided in your disbanded militia organization, you evidently calculated upon the services of your militia officers in the field, I am sure you do not consider it "necessary for the proper administration of the State government" that they should be kept permanently at home.

You are right in supposing that I am anxious to make the Reserve Corps- to the command of which I have been assigned-as large and efficient as practicable. It is my duty to do so, and I am happy to know in discharging that duty I am advancing the best interests of the country. The strength and efficiency of the Army are objects of vital importance, and those objects cannot be more efficiently advanced than by adding to its numbers. I regret that the zeal I have manifested in this matter should have incurred your implied censure, but am consoled with the reflection that it will be more kindly and favorably regarded by the brave and gallant men of our Army, who will see in it a desire to add to their strength, increase their efficiency, and advance the best interests of our county.

The liberty exercised by Confederate officers and men of participating in the discussion of political questions affecting the interests of their State seems to be a grave offense in your eye. I am charitable enough to believe that you would have regarded their conduct in this particular in a far different light if they could have found in Your Excellency's course more to approve and less to condemn. You should bear in mind that is your fault, not theirs.

I am, respectfully,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding.

