
RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to return to you the letter of the Honorable Secretary of the 30th ultimo referred to me for remarks. I think it is true that the policy of the Government is changed to a great extent by the late act of Congress and the regulations established as therein provided. Originally the cotton paid by the Government for supplies and freight did not diminish the quantity of cotton which private vessels were required to carry out for its account. The only exception made was int eh case of the Davis &amp; Fitzhugh contract, under a proviso that they should build or purchase new steamers and bring in entire cargoes for the Government, thus providing that the supplies might be secured, and the tonnage in the trade should not be thereby diminished. Whether or not any discrimination should be made between payments of cotton obligations given by the War Department for supplies delivered, or to be delivered within the country, or such obligations as have been given by Treasury Department for money, cannot be determined without a better knowledge than I possess of the relative wants of the Army and of the condition of the Government loan abroad. The public faith is, I consider, equally pledged in each case. In both cases, where there is no stipulation requiring the Government to make delivery of cotton at Wilmington, I think that notice should be given that payments of cotton will only be made at other ports, or at places stipulated in the obligation, leaving that port to be used by the Government for loading its own steamers, and to pay such cotton obligations as specifically require delivery there.

It is unquestionably true that every pound of cotton that goes our under the thirteenth regulation, as now interpreted, diminishes the means of the Government abroad to purchase supplies or to provide money for other use. The cotton paid by the Warr its oldest contracts is valued at 6 pence per pound; under later contracts at 10 pence per pound. The cotton paid by the Treasury will, I suppose, cost the person receiving it about 4 pence per pound. The cotton thus paid is exported without exaction under the thirteenth regulation, and diminishes the quantity which the Government can send out on private steamers. It would be cheaper price of a foreign market-say 20 pence net-and make payments by drafts on the proceeds. The object of thirteenth regulation was doubtless to encourage the introduction of new ships into the blockade trade, to appreciate the public credit, and to enable the Government to purchase foreign supplies with cotton when it had no foreign funds at its command, or at ports where it found such purchase to its advantage. Under the operation of the thirteenth regulation I am satisfied that the whole character of the trade will be changed. All owners of private vessels will provide themselves with cotton bonds, which will enable them to carry out full cargoes for their own account, and the Government will be compelled to rely upon its own steamers to carry out its cotton. There is nothing in the contacts made by the War Department which offers any profit upon cargoes of supplies delivered. The price does not cover more than cost and usual insurance and freight. The profit is made upon the cotton, which is given in payment, and as the cotton is valued at 6 pence per pound, it cannot compete with cotton delivered or bonds which may

