
be purchased at such rates as to reduce to 3 or 4 pence per pound the price of the cotton. If this view is correct, then any cotton that may be given in payment for supplies will not in reality diminish the quantity which will be sent out for the Government, but only divert it from being absorbed by cotton bonds. If the Government is still the owner of the bonds, or of the most of them, it may be a matter of general good policy to allow them to absorb all the outward tonnage of private vessels, and thus enhance their value, so as to place the Treasury Department in funds to meet all the wants of the War Department for foreign supplies. If it is not the owner, and the Government has only a small number of steamers running for its own account, the necessities of the War Department will compel it to purchase some foreign supplies in its own ports and to pay for them in cotton to avoidf exchange. No contracts are now made for delivery of cotton at Wilmington. Two have recently been authorized by you for deliveries at Mobile and the Florida ports to encourage ships, if possible, to run between Havana and Mobile and Havana and the Florida coast, and secure much needed supplies at those ports.

Colonel Helm, at Havana, has made some small engagements with parties owning vessels and arms to deliver them on the coast of Texas, stipulating that they should receive cotton in payment. Some few exceptional contracts of the kind are desirable, and it is necessary at times to purchase some indispensable supplies brought in on private account, but the general policy, I think, should be, as suggested by the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury, to pay by draft against cotton exports both for imports and freights. But no cotton can be exported for Government unless it is transported to the ports in preference to private cotton, and cotton in payments of bonds which do not stipulate for delivery at ports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[MAY 16, 1864. - For orders directing General Kemper to organize the reserves of Virginia and place them at once in service, see Series I, VOL. XXXVI, Part II, p. 1012.]

PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., May 17, 1864.

DUNCAN MACAULEY, Esq.,

No. 4 Fourth Street, Edinburgh, Scotland:

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of the 20th of January last,* and learn with much gratification that a very large portion of the inhabitants of Edinburgh appreciate and sympathize with this people in their struggle for freedom and self-government. It is quite encouraging to know that all the efforts of our enemies to misrepresent the true nature of the conflict on this continent have been without success, and that numerous associations have been formed in Great Britain for the purpose of giving effectual expression to public opinion in our favor. The names of Mr. James Spencer and Mr. Thomas Kesshaw were known to us long before the receipt of your

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

