
letter and those of men to whom we owe warm acknowledgments for generous and useful service to our cause; and I pray you to communicate to them and their associates, as well as to receive for yourself, the assurances of our gratitude, of the esteem we entertain for their persons, and of the value we attach to their disinterested and active efforts in our behalf.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

May 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: A resolution calling for information as to the number of men in the military and naval service of the Confederate States, the number that have been killed or died of wounds received in battle, and the number that have deserted, with the State of the Confederacy from which each and all of these have come, has been referred by the House of Representatives to the Committee on Military Affairs. I have been instructed by the committee to inquire whether it is in the power of the Government at present to give the desired information. Will you be kind enough to let me know, that the committee and the House may determine the propriety of approving the resolution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. SWAN.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, May 19, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Your letter* relative to the claim of exemption for D. L. Russell, Jr., as a State officer has been received, and, as I dissent from the conclusion at which you have arrived, I beg leave most respectfully to present the reasons which have influenced my judgment.

In the first place, I am unwilling to concede that the exemption of State officers depends upon the action of Congress, believing as I do that each State has the unqualified right to exempt from military service such officers as the General Assembly may declare necessary for the due administration of the government andte. The act of Congress declaring there shall be exempted "all State officers whom the Governor of the State may claim to have exempted for the due administration of the laws and government thereof" was not to confer power on the Governor to exempt State officers, for the Governors derive their power from the constitution and laws of the State, and not from congress, but to make the operation of the act of Congress depend upon the action of the Governors in claiming certain State officers for the due administration of the laws of the State. (See Jones' Reports, ninth volume, p. 186, in the matter of Kirk.)

The supreme court of appeals of Virginia, in the cases of Burroughs vs. Peyton and Abrahams vs. Peyton, has decided that Congress can have no right to deprive a State of the services of any officer necessary

---------------

*Of May 2, p. 375.

---------------

