
to the action of its government, and the State itself is the sole judge as to the officers that are necessary for this purpose.

Again, I am unwilling to concede that the Confederate Government has the right to retain in its service and refuse to discharge any conscripted citizen of a State who has been elected or appointed to an office which the Legislature has declared to be necessary for the due administration of the government and laws thereof.

You make no question as to the fact that Mr. Russell was elected to an office which I had declared necessary, but you assume that he was at the time of his election in the military service, and that "the conscription acts provide for the continuing in the Army those belonging to it, and the exemptions allowed by the acts plainly refer to persons who are not in the Army, but who are made liable to conscription. "

In my opinion you are mistaken both as to the fact assumed and the construction placed upon the law. You say that Mr. Russell "was reduced to the ranks by the sentence of a court-martial. " Such is not the language of the sentence of the court. It is as follows:

And the court does therefore sentence the said Captain Daniel L. Russell, Jr., Company G, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Troops, to be dismissed from the service, and on account of his extreme youth, the court recommends the said Captain Daniel L. Russell to the clemency of the commanding general.

What then was his status? The court sentenced him to be dismissed from the service, the commanding general approved the sentence, and the War Department directed it to be carried out, and yet you hold that he is now, was then, and had previously been in the military service.

To dismiss means to send away; to give leave of departure; not to retain; not to reduce to the ranks. The language of the court, the recommendation to clemency in consequence of the extreme youth of the party, plainly show that it was not the purpose of the court to subject him to the humiliation of being reduced to the ranks, and it is respectfully submitted that no action of the commanding general could modify or change the sentence; he could only approve or disapprove it.

You say that the first section of the act of Congress, approved the 17th day of February, 1864, entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," placed in the service those between seventeen and fifty all residents in the Confederate States not belonging to the Army, for the war. From this class exemptions were to be made. This restricted operation of the act cannot be admitted. The tenth section of first clause of the act is as follows:

That all laws granting exemptions from military service be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and hereafter none shall be exempted except the following.

After enumerating certain exemptions, it provides:

And such other Confederate and State officers as the President or Governors of the respective States may certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the Confederate or States governments, as the case may be.

The act continues in the service those between eighteen and forty-five who were then in the Army, and declared all "white men, residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of seventeen and fifty," to be in the military service from and after the passage of the act during the war.

From the date of the passage of the act, therefore, the latter class, namely, those between seventeen and fifty, are in the military service as well as those then actually in.

