
The clause of exemption is general in its terms, and not restricted to any particular class, either those placed or continued in service by said act.

In the matter of Bradshaw, Chief Justice Pearson, in commenting upon the previous exemption act, the language of which was, "There shall be exempted all State officers whom the Governor of any State may claim," says, "I can see no good ground to except from the operation of these general words State officers who were in the military service. " If such was the intention, a proviso to that effect would have been made, and there is no rule of law by which it can be made under construction. It was suggested in the argument that the exception should be made by implication from the use of the words 'shall be exempted," and it was said that the word "exempted" is restricted in its meaning to persons who are not in the military service, and "discharged" is the proper word when referring to persons who are in the military service.

This distinction may obtain in military circles, but the word "to exempt" is not a technical term. It is a plain English word, and means, literally, "to take out of or from," and its ordinary signification is, "to free from," not to subject to any service or burden to which others are made liable, as, to exempt from military service, to exempt from taxation; and it is a settled rule of construction that words in a statute are to be construed according to their ordinary meaning unless there is something to show that they are used in a different sense.

You concede the right of the Governor of a State, from whatever source that right may be derived, to claim the exemption of such State officers as he may deem necessary, provided the exempted person be between seventeen and fifty years of age and "not in the Army. " The act of the 17th of February, 1864, declares that "all white men residents of the Confederate States between the ages of seventeen and fifty shall be in the military serter the passage of this act. " If your construction be correct, the States cannot rightfully place in office (except certain officers enumerated by Congress) any citizen except he be one under seventeen or over fifty years of age. This power being conceded, Congress may extend indefinitely, upward and downward, the age of conscription, and thus absorb the whole male white population, place them in the military service, leave the States without an officer, and thus blot them out of existence.

Upon consideration of the whole case, my conclusion is that by the sentence of the court Mr. Russell was dismissed from the service and became liable to be enrolled as a conscript; that before his enrollment he was dully elected to an office which I deemed necessary, namely, a "commissioner for distributing money and provisions to soldiers' families. " I am aware of the existence of an order of the War Department which provides "that officers of the Army cashiered by courts-martial, and who may thus become liable to military duty under the conscription acts, will, when present with their commands, be at once enrolled by their respective brigade commanders. When not so present their names will be furnished by their commanding officer to the proper enrolling officer of the district to which they belong. "

This proves the position which I hold, that Mr. Russell was not in the service when elected to the office of commissioner, but be being cashiered he became a conscript. You concede my right to claim the

