
exemption of persons liable to conscription who have not been in actual service, although declared to be in service by act of Congress.

Why, then, may I not claim the exemption of one declared in the service by the order of a commanding general or the War Department? I can see no difference. State officers have been enrolled and placed in camp of instruction, and yet the commandant of conscripts and the Bureau of Conscription have uniformly discharged them upon my claim for exemption.

What difference can it make if the party has been enrolled by a commanding general after being dismissed from the service by the sentence of a court-martial? General Whiting, a letter to the adjutant-general of this State, says that "Mr. Russell had been allowed a short leave to make his choice of a company in which to be enrolled," but I indorsed upon it a positive order, directing him to remain at his home until further orders, viz, those of the 7th.

In a subsequent letter to me General Whiting says:

Previous to his receipt of these orders (of the 7th instant), which directed him to report to General Hebert at Smithville, I am informed that he had been elected a county commissioner or trustee by the bench of magistrates of Brunswick County.

The order of the 7th directed him to report at once to General Hebert or General Martin for assignment or selection, as you may choose. He had not, therefore, been enrolled as a conscript at the time of his election, but had simply been ordered to report for enrollment, which order had not been received by him.

Should I be in error upon the law of the case I must earnestly urge upon you not to wound the spirit of this gallant and promising young officer by sending him into the ranks. At the age of sixteen he left the university of the State, raised a company, served in such an acceptable manner as to win the admiration and applause of his superior officers. Major-General Whiting, in approving the sentence of the court, bore testimony to his very good character as an officer. Colonel Lamb, under whom he served, gave most flattering testimony as to his capacity and efficiency. His aged father feels most keenly and sensitively upon the subject, and on his account, in behalf of the promising young officer himself, and as a matter of justice and right, I again most respectfully insist that my claim of exemption for him be allowed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS FORT FISHER, N. C.,
March -, 1864.

Lieut. Colonel JOHN D. TAYLOR:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I would have written with great pleasure some time since my high opinion of Captain Daniel Russell's social and moral worth, but I was at a loss to whom to direct the letter, so that if my opinion was of any value it might be used to his advantage. My first acquaintance with young Russell was when, in the spring of 1862, the gloomiest period of our war, he left the attractive lecture rooms of the university to encounter the dangers and fatigues of the tented field, and I witnessed his successful efforts to raise a company in his native county when the spirit of volunteering had departed from our people. I remember well an exhibition of his patriotism in

