
refusing, on account of his age, to take command of the company he had raised and getting a senior to assume command. Afterward, when he became captain by promotion, I was pleased to see that he brought his company to a state of discipline and perfection in drill unsurpassed by any of the companies with which it was associated in the defense of this important district. I have never heard anything but commendation from his commanders, and it was subject of deep mortification to his comrades in arms when by a decision of a general indiscretion. * * * It is my sincere hope that the President, in consideration of his past services and the promise his character gives for future good, will overlook the unfortunate result of a high spirit chafed by real of fancied indignity to a father, and restore him to his command.

WILLIAM LAMB,

Colonel Thirty-sixth North Carolina Troops.

RICHMOND, VA., May 20, 1864.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

The following resolution passed by the House on the 14th instant has been received:

Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the House, if not incompatible with the public interest, whether the reasons given in his special message for suspending the writ of habeas corpus still exist, and what additional reasons now exist to such extent that the public safety requires the continuance of the suspension thereof.

In my opinion the reasons given in the special message transmitted to Congress at its last session, recommending the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, still exist in undiminished force and the present juncture especially requires the continuance of the suspension. The effects of the law for that purpose have been most salutary, and to that law in no inconsiderable degree are we indebted for the increased efficiency of the military preparations which have enabled our gallant armies, under the providence of God, to beat back the vast invading forces which still threaten us.

In my judgment it would be perilous, if not calamitous, to discontinue the suspension while the armies of the enemy are pressing on our brave defenders with persistent effort for their destruction and for the subjugation of our country.

It is a source of gratification to be able to inform you that the mere passage of the law suspending the writ was so effectual in restraining those who were engaged in treasonable practices and in dangerous complicity with our enemies that the instances are very few in which arrests were found necessary.

The effect of the law in preventing the abuse of the writ for the purpose of avoiding military service by men whose plain duty it is to defend their country can hardly be overestimated.

The sensitiveness exhibited in different parts of our country to the legislation on this subject is indicative of the love of freedom whong the people, and which should ever be cherished as the sole guaranty for the preservation of their constitutional liberties. It is not doubted, however, that if those who have expressed dissatisfaction with the law had been in possession of the information which

