
to sell an interest to the Confederacy in those steamers of one-fourth, which would give one-half of the cotton for the Confederacy and this State. I hope you will accept this proposition.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
January 25, 1864.

General S. COOPER, C. S. Army,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Agreeably to you request I give to you my reasons for believing that the establishment of a bureau of inspection under your department would prove infinitely beneficial to the Government. Outcries prevail over the whole country against the extravagances and abuses committed by the Government officers and agents in all of the department of the Army, in and out of the field. Much alleged if doubtlessly true, although in many instances exaggerated, and many, beyond doubt, originate in ignorance of their duties on the part of agents and of their rights on the part of the injured. It unfortunately too often happens that persons falsely assuming the character of Government agents impress, and between such imposition and the rightful exaction of authorized agents, made, however, in too many instances in an arbitrary and arrogant manner by those who do not duly appreciate the relations between themselves and those with whom they are dealing, a spirit of dissatisfaction is being aroused against the Government, almost amounting to disaffection, which, unless remedied, may lead to disastrous consequences. The Government, ignorant of these facts, receives all odium of sanctioning them, and, although whenever reported, it strives to correct the isolated cases brought to its notice, it effects nothing toward removing the spirit of general complaint, because such corrections are not generally known. The evils complained of are appeared to all in the vicinity of all the towns, depots, and "enterpots" scattered over the country and are publicly commented upon, but there being no particular person or department charge with correction, no one is disposed to assume the responsibility of bringing them to the notice of the Government.

The means for receiving such information and to enable the Government to apply correction would be in the organization of the buon, which might readily be done under that of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department. The benefits to be derived from such a bureau are incalculable. The strength and organization of our armies are obtained through the monthly and field returns, but nothing is known respecting their condition in the way of armament, discipline, instruction, and all interior arrangements which promote their efficiency and reliability. This is secured in this army by the tri-monthly reports received from inspectors belonging to the different organizations from the brigades up to corps. Through the system in this army officers are held to a strict observance of all orders emanating from all the headquarters up to those from the War Department. All deficiencies in drill, discipline, military instruction, arms, accouterments, transportation, and, in a word in any of the requisites for securing efficiency in the different arms of service, are brought though these reports to the notice of the commanding general. In addition to this examination of the accounts

