
it was my duty to communicate to you, and which may not yet be revealed without injury to the public interest, they would fully have approved the exercise of the power of suspending the writ, which was intrusted to Congress by the Constitution. All trusts impose duties. The power was intrusted expressly with the intent that it should be used when necessary to the public safety in case of invasion. Congress concurring with me that the exigency had arisen which required the exercise of the power, performed but a plain duty in passing the law, and such will, I doubt not, be the judgment of the people when the facts can be made known without detriment to their interest.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Richmond, Va., May 20, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the President, to forward for your attention and the proper action the following copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 5th instant:

Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, requested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible with the public interest, whether the cavalry and artillery portion of the Holcombe Legion of South Carolina Volunteers are now serving together or separate. If separate, how long they have been separated, and for what reasons they were separated, and whether there exist any commands in the Confederate Army now doing duty under legionary reorganization.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 20, 1864.

To Adjutant-General for prompt attention and response.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

ORGANIZATION OFFICE, May 28, 1864.

The Holcombe Legion consists of infantry and cavalry. No artillery has ever, within the knowledge of this bureau, been attached to it. There are special legionary organizations in the Provisional Army; that is, several organizations combining different arms of the service. It has been found impracticable for these arms to the act together in the field, and in every instance they have practically been separated from the date when each organization has gone into active service. The infantry and cavalry of the Holcombe Legion, though constituting one organization in law, have been doing duty separately since August, 1862. The legal separation of these arms in the several legions is earnestly desired by the troops concerned as well as by the War Department. To do this, however, it has been decided, requires legislation.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

SAML. W. MELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

