
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, May 20, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Commanding Reserves, &amp;c.:

SIR: In your letter of the 12th instant, received on the 16th, is the following language:

I do find in the decision quoted in your letter that our supreme court holds "that the enrollment (by the Confederate Government) of the officers and agents by whom the State governments are operated and without whose agency their machinery must stop" would be violative of the very existence of State government, and hence void.

This admission on your part is sufficient reply to your earnest and labored argument to prove that I, in certifying that all civil and military officers of this State are claimed as exempt from conscription in conformity to the resolution of the General Assembly of this State, have nullified, or attempted to nullify, the act of Congress. If the Confederate Government has no jurisdiction whatever over the State officers, and an act of Congress directing their enrollment would, as you admit, "be violative of the very existence of State government, and hence void," such an act, being a nullity, would not be the subject of nullification, as that which is absolutely void can have no force and can bind nobody. No act of mine could make void that which is already void.

In your former letter you claim for Congress the jurisdiction to confer upon the Governors of the States the power to decide in opposition to the act of the Legislatures of the States what State officers shall be exempt and who enrolled as conscripts. You now admit that the Confederate Government has itself no power to enroll a State officer; but you do not inform me where the Confederate Government gets the jurisdiction to delegate to the Governor of a State the power to do that which it has no power to do itself. You are certainly entitled to the credit of originally for the discovery that Congress can delegate to the Governor of a State the power to do a thing which Congress itself has no power to do. The States alone has jurisdiction over her own officers. You admit that Congress has no jurisdiction over them, and cannot enroll one of them without the consent of the State.

The Legislature of thonly refused to give that consent, but has expressly declared that they shall all be exempt. Congress now, after the Legislature has expressly refused to give its consent to their enrollment, refers the question to the Governor to say whether they shall be enrolled, and you insist that the Governor has power under this act of Congress, which you refer to as the "laws of the Confederate Government," to set aside the act of the Legislature and order their enrollment, though you admit that if Congress itself did the very act which you insist that the Governor should do under the act of Congress, it would "be violative of the very existence of State government, and hence void. "

I am perfectly willing to submit the question to the judgment of any candid man whether I did any "injustice" to an "officer of the Confederate Government," who claims for Congress such powers over the States, and whose opinions rest upon such reasoning when I expressed regret that he had fallen into the error of believing that the "States derive their powers and the people of the States their rights and privileges from the will of Congress. " An officer of the Confederate Government has no just right to charge nay one with ignorance

