
or conscious misrepresentation for attributing to his own mind the conclusions which necessarily result from its own reasoning.

If an officer of the Confederate Government had never been considered a very decided advocate of State's rights or State sovereignty, but had filled office in the Federal Government most of his political life with an eye to its highest official position, and while he considered his prospects bright had seemed to regard the Union as the greatest good, but when he lost sight of obtaining the highest position in the Union, if he warmly espoused for a time the cause of States' rights, to get out of the Union that he might take his chances in the new organization, and he then claimed for Congress such power over the States as I have above referred to, it might not be injustice to consider these things in forming a conclusion as to his present political opinions.

You are so much accustomed to practice upon popular credulity and appeal to popular prejudice by the cry of conflict between the State and Confederate governments that you seem to feel that an opportunity for making political capital is lost when you are left without a pretext for bewailing a supposed conflict which you so often attempt by a stretch of the imagination to discover far in the misty distance. As this cry of conflict now constitutes your political stock in trade, and you have much reason to fear "Othello's occupation gone" whenever you can no longer alarm the people with it, I can well imagine the sovereignty and rights of the State, carry out the resolution of the Legislature, and avoid all conflict or appearance of conflict with the President.

You prefer to the example of Governor Smith, of Virginia, who, it seems, has turned over the justices of peace of that State under fifty years of age to conscription. If the newspapers are to be credited, while he has done this he has claimed as exempt other classes of persons who are not strictly State officers or agen therefore, claimed by me as exempt, which sums up the whole number claimed by him to a larger aggregate than I have claimed under the resolution of the Legislature of this State.

I am not advised as to the action the Virginia Legislature had taken upon this subject. From my knowledge of Governor Smith's character I feel satisfied, however, that he has not turned over to conscription any officer of the State whose enrollment has been forbidden by the act of the Legislature. I unite with you in honoring Governor Smith for his services in the military field, which, I suppose, afford satisfactory evidence even to yourself that he is not wanting in either courage or patriotism; and yet I suppose you will not pretend that he has shared in the dangers of battle or spent much time in the field with the soldiers since he has been called by the people of Virginia to the responsible position of Executive of his State.

I have not heard of the military exploits in the field of Governor Smith, of Virginia; Governor Vance, of North Carolina; Governor Bonham, of South Carolina; Governor Watts, of Alabama; Governor Clark, of Mississippi, or Governor Allen, of Louisiana, since each, respectively, was called from the Army to preside over the executive department of his State. Take a more distinguished example. I have not heard of the instance since the war commenced in which Mr. Davis has exposed himself to the dangers of battle. Each of these gentlemen since he has been called to the discharge of executive duties has enjoyed "the same quiet and security from danger" which you say "has fallen to my lot," and I presume neither of them has

