
Congress, to give you material of which to form a command, unless I throw every obstacle in my power in the way of the organization which you are to control. Since the action of the Legislature I have not thrown the slightest obstacle in the way of your calling out and putting into your organization every man subject to your control under the laws.

You have had a fair, open field of operations for nearly two months, while the enemy were massing a heavy force upon the soil of the State, with every reason why you should expect a most formidable attack by this time. you have had all the motives to which you refer with so much apparent feeling in favor of re-enforcing and relieving our gallant men in front to prompt and stimulate you to activity and energy, and with all this time for preparation and these weighty reasons to wake you up to prompt action, without which no military commander can be useful, I fear you are not prepared, and that it may still take you weeks to complete your organization and reach the field with your command in condition to strike an effective blow for your State in this critical hour of her danger. Within as long a time as that already consumed by you the adjutant and inspector general of this state, under my direction, had organized over 20,000 militia, who would have been subject to have been called out for the emergency upon the shortest notice, and might now have been in Cherokee, Ga., ready to aid in the great struggle had not the organization been crippled that its most active material might be turned over to make your command.

Your attempt to divert attention from your tardiness in this most important and critical period, when so much depended upon your promptness, by taking up time in raising issues about the exemptions of State officers, and whether it was best that I or the President should command the militia, cannot succeed. After assuming that everybody desired that the President should command them you put me down as the solitary exception on the other side. I presume you had neglected before making the assertion to examine the journals of the Legislature upon that question.

While the resolution to turn over the part of the militia between seventeenth and fifty to the command of the President passed by a majority of the Legislature, you may probably learn from the journals and from your knowledge of the members that the minority was too large and respectable to leave any foundation in fact for your assertion.

If it should turn out that the President has been so unfortunate in his selection of a proper officer to organize and command this force as to render it useless at the time when it is most ne of the minority of the Legislature, which was in favor of retaining the State militia already organized for the emergency, may be proven to have been wiser that you are willing to admit.

While referring to the Confederate officers who hold positions in the rear you say that I know that some of them occupy their present positions not at their own suggestions, but in obedience to orders of those who have the right to assign them to these duties. I think I do know of at least one instance in which the President, having once trusted a general with a command in the front which required some qualification for the position, afterward transferred him to the rear, and I know of no reason for calling into question either the patriotism or the prudence of the President in making the transfer. Doubtless his action was prompted by a desire to promote the best interest of the service.

