
Referring to my statement in my last letter that I, in response to the last call made upon me by the President for troops, had furnished over double the number required, you say the reference is an unfortunate one, &amp;c. You then admit that it is true I furnished the President on paper double the number asked for, but you affirm that owing to my division of the State into territorial districts beyond which the troops could not be required to go, the number of men obtained when needed, &c., was not much greater than one-half the number called for by the President. In order to test this statement by the standard of truth it is proper that I refer to the call made by the President for those troops and the service to be rendered by them. the call made by the President through the Secretary of War was based upon the two acts of Congress passed 21st of August, 1861, and 13th of October, 1862, to raise troops for local defense and special service. One of these acts, as you well know, declared that troops under it in their muster-rolls to set forth distinctly the 'services to be performed. " In specifying the objects of the call the Secretary of War, in referring to those acts upon which it was based, uses this language:

Under the former of these, if organizations could be effected with the limitation prescribed in their muster-rolls, of service only at home or at specified points of importance within the particular State, they would be admirably adapted to obtain the desired ends of calling out those best qualified for the service-or employing them only when and so long as they might be needed, &c.

Under this call each company had the right to specify on paper- that is, in its muster-roll- what places it would engage to defend. If the muster-roll specified that the company would act for local defense, in the language of the Secretary of War "at home" or at 'specified points," it was a full compliance with the call, and troops so organized, the Secretary says, are admirably adapted to obtain the desired ends. Now, so far from accepting troops with the narrow territorial limits in their muster-rolls, which by the call of the President they were authorized to prescribe, I required them-except in cases of troops for the defense of certain cities, &c. - to prescribe a larger limit, covering at least one-fourth of the territory of the State. I not only furnished over double the number of troops required by the President, but I tendered them, most companies covering with their muster-rolls a much larger space of territory than the President required. Indeed, a considerable number of their muster-rolls covered the whole State as their limit. Each and every company was therefor, and each and every one was subject to do service at any moment within that limit if the emergency happened which they were organized to meet. You were the major-general placed in command of these troops; you had before you the acts of Congress under which they were organized; you knew that their muster-rolls covered as much territory as either the act of Congress or the call of the President required, and you admit that I furnished double the number called for.

Your denial that I filled the requisition according to the call of the President was made with full knowledge of the facts that the call was not only filled, but doubly filled. As you cannot plead ignorance in mitigation of your palpable misstatements, I must leave you to reconcile it with the facts as best you may. Whether you employed those called to the field "only when and so long as" the emergency lasted for the kind of service which they were called for to perform,

