
as was promised by the President, or kept them in the field at great inconvenience to them and loss to the State after the emergency had passed, that you might not be left with wreaths upon your shoulders without a command, is a subject upon which those who were then subject to your orders are entitled and doubtless have their own opinions.

Upon the subject of "reprehensible speculations" you take occasion to say that I "doubtless have personal knowledge of such conduct among State officers. " In this you labor under a very erroneous impression. I know of no reprehensible, dishonorable, or unjust speculation among State officers. If you have knowledge of any such it will doubtless be and agreeable task for you to expose it, and I commend the subject to your earnest attention.

Taking the term "personal knowledge" as used by you in connection with reports in circulation that in the bitter denunciations of me with which you are accustomed to entertain those around you, reference has been made by you to certain lands which I have purchased in Southwester Georgia, with some other property, and insinuations thrown out that I had obtained the money by unfair means, I may be justified in making such reference to my individual affairs in this connection as under other circumstances would be improper.

Before the war commenced Iproperty, which yielded me, outside of my salary, a competent income. I had inherited very little of it, but had made it by industry and energy and what the world is pleased to call good luck-as by the discovery of a mine upon lands which I had purchased for a mall price for other purposes.

Since the commencement of the war I have inherited, as the records of the county will show, over $20,000 in gold or its equivalent, which was invested before the depreciation in a manner to be worth in the currency in its depreciated condition the past winter and larger sum than would have been necessary to pay for every dollar's worth of property I have purchased, including my lands in Southwestern Georgia.

If you will take the trouble to calculate a moment you will see that $20,000 in gold last winter, or this spring, at 20 for 1 was worth $400,000 in currency; or of the gold has been invested so as to be worth 10 for 1 it was worth in currency $200,000, which latter amount in currency will a great deal more than cover all the investments in property which I have made.

As the amount of inheritance to which I have referred came to me in right of my wife and children, I feel quite sure that you will not object to this as a "reprehensible speculation" or a dishonest mode of obtaining property, if the sum inherited even amounted to all I ever made.

At the time I made the purchase of the southwestern lands and a small interest ($10,000 in currency) in iron property in Bartow County I did not choose to convert all the securities I had into currency, and I borrowed most of the money to meet the payments, and owe $50,000 in currency. I expect to pay this back whenever, in my judgment, the securities in which I invested gold, or part of my lands, will bring the best price in currency and take the least amount of property to raise the money. I believe the gratification are not apprehensive of loss. I will only add that I have the gratification to know that I never lived in ease upon the property of my wife and children while my judgment creditors were delayed in the collection of their just dues.

