
I am probably due you an apology for this reference to my individual business. I certainly am if by the use of the term "personal knowledge" you did not intend to impute anything dishonorable or unjust to me in my individual transactions. If you did, I have given you such information as will enable you in future to avoid misrepresenting me personally, if you have the will to do so, whatever may be your opinions of the merits of my official acts [as] a public officer; upon the latter subject I must confess I feel a very cool indifference.

Respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, May 21, 1864.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram of the 10th did not reach me till yesterday. The act of Congress to which you refer, which prohibits the exportation of cotton and other productions except under such uniform regulations as shall be made by th in it this express proviso, "that nothing in this act shall be construed to prohibit the Confederate States or any of them from exporting any of the articles herein enumerated on their own account. " The 300 bales of cotton upon the Little Ada belong to the State of Georgia, and I propose to export it on State account to pay for blankets for Georgia soldiers, and if any surplus to apply it to the purchase of cotton cards for the people of the State, under an act of the Legislature.

I deny your right to repeal to act of Congress by your order, or to refuse clearance to the State under any just rule of construction which you can apply to the plain proviso in the act of Congress. I therefore again demand clearance as a right, not as a favor, and waiving for the present the question of your right to ask it of the State, offer to pay export duties.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,
Macon, Ga., May 21, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am, in accordance with your directions, preparing with all earnestness the organization of the reserves into regiments. Two of these regiments are now on duty at Anderson. I expect to send a third in a few days. One is on duty here, and by the middle of next week I shall have another organized at this point. By the 1st of next month I hope to have three others organized. I fully concur in the views of the President and yourself that these men should not be kept permanently in the field, but with the demands made upon me for guards, &amp;c., I shall be compelled to keep them all in service. I trust that the condition of the country may soon authorize a different course. A circular from the Conscript Bureau positively forbids any persons between eighteen and forty-five from holding office in the reserves. I beg most earnestly that no such order will be enforced. It is a virtual disbandment of the reserves. If the officers of that age were now taken from the regiments now on duty it would utterly ruin

