
of officers of all the different departments are made, the observance of property accountability is exacted, the loss or destruction of arms &amp;c., charged as circumstances require to officers or men, and of all other public property misappropriated, leading through the instrumentality of inspectors to an observance of property accountability in officers and men which has saved thousands of arms to the Government, vast sums to the Treasury in the grater case secured to all kinds of public property, and at the same time has greatly improved the discipline and efficiency of the army.

There are very few cases of fraud which have occurred in this army, and wherever occurring have been promptly brought before a court-material. With inspections impending over them at all times, in so far as their accounts go, there has been for twelve months past a most commendable observance of regulations in the rendition of accounts, considering all the difficulties under which this army has labored. Inspectors look to the preservation of private property in the vicinity of camps, and where damages are committed, to prompt indemnity to the injured and punishment of offenders whilst stationary, and on the march prevent straggling and the depredations consequent upon such irregularities. These are some of the numerous duties required from and performed by the army inspectors, making them, where efficient, the most important officers we have. Extend a system which has so manifestly improved the army throughout the Confederacy, and what would be the probable results? Doubtless the measurable, if not entire, correction of the abuses already mentioned with a large increase of the effective force in our ranks. At almost every town, depot, and "entrepot" are to be found a number of staff officers with their retinues of detail or exempted men, drawing commutation of fuel and quarters and purchasing supplies of the Government for themselves and families, entailing enormous expenditures upon the Treasury, and depriving our armies of supplies greatly needed. The first, in many instances, as superfluous, could be sent to the ranks, and the latter, substituted by partially disabled men, might be remanded to their companies. There are also many able-bodied, stout, healthy men nominally employed about the hospitals and by conscript, tax, and other bureaus scattered over the country, who should and would be forwarded to their companies. It is necessary to proceed further in the enumeration of benefits to be derived from a system whose usefulness has been recognized and adopted by every other government, it is believed, but our own, and I am satisfied that in addition to the greatly increased efficiency which it would have secured in all departments, millions would have been saved to the Government in the more strict observance of property accountability, which it would have brought about in every branch of the service. This result can yet be obtained in the future by the establishment of such a bureau, of organized. In addition to the officers in charge of the bureau there should be ten officers (colonels) of intelligence, energy, and perfect reliability to perform inspecting duties; the Confederacy to be divided into the same number of district, which should be inspected successively by these officers; no officer inspecting the same district twice in succession, or preferably, not until he had passed over all the other district. By this means in making their reports, which should be secret and only to the communicated to parties interested as the discretion of the Secretary of War might determine, inspectors would be particularly cautions in stating facts, and act unbiased by prejudice or partiality, knowing

