
them. These regiments are employed in an important service, and I do hope, trust, beg, and entreat that the officers be permitted to remain with them. They are inefficient enough, God knows, without this final, fatal blow. The number of men fit for the field is too small to make any difference with the efficiency of the Army, whilst with this corps they are all important. Rest assured the efficiency of our Army will not be weakened by the simple act of justice to our brave privates of allowing them promotion. Don't, I beg you, don't permit this wrong, both to the service and good men.

Very respectfully and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1864.

From the time you were charged not merely with the duty of receiving companies of reserves and organizing, but with the duty of organizing the companies also, you were of course exempt from the obligation of Colonel Jordan's circular, and was free to exercise your discretion. Besides, that order went further than my intent, which was misunderstood by Colonel Preston. I did not wish active conscripts or men in the field between eighteen and forty-five eligible, but I expect many of the exempt or invalided classes to be so capable of selection. I cannot agree with you in thinking men should be taken for such casual service from the field, but I will not take away existing officers or prevent the selection of invalids or exempts, &c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, May 21, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE,

Commandant, &c.:

SIR: I am gratified to find that it is your desire, while your discharge your duties faithfully to the Confederacy, to respect the rights of the State and her officers and to avoid, as you say, any "real or apparent conflict" with the state authorities. You submit the inquiry whether I claim as exempt from conscription persons who have been elected to State offices since their enrollment as conscripts. I hold that any citizen not actually in military service may accept any office to which he may be elected, and that he is not in service till he is actually enrolled and personally notified of his enrollment. I have already informed many who have applied to me for information that if there has been actual enrollment and personal notice to the conscript that he is enrolled before he is elected or appointed to a State office the election or appointment will not protect him. Some have differed from me on this point for whose legal opinions I have much respect, and have expressed the opinion that persons in the military service of the Confederacy have the right, without the consent of that Government, to accept civil or military office under the State government, which entitles them to protection under the resolution of the Legislature of this State, which declares that all civil and military officers of this State shall be exempt from conscription. I have therefore advised such as entertain this opinion to submit the case to the judgment of the judiciary by habeas corpus if not content with my ruling;

