
and if they are sustained by theh I trust will not be disturbed in or denied the right to hear such cases, it will then be may duty to protect them.

Till the courts have decided otherwise I shall act upon the rule that all who are elected or appointed to State officers before they have been actually enrolled and personally notified of their enrollment are entitled to protection under the decision of our supreme court which denies jurisdiction over State officers to the Confederate Government, and the resolution of the Legislature, which has jurisdiction over them, that they shall all be exempt; but shall hold that those who are in the actual military service of the Confederacy cannot, during their term of service, accept office in the State without the consent of the Confederate Government.

You are doubtless aware that there are certain classes of State officers whose previous enrollment will not interfere with their right of acceptance, as the Confederate Government has already be the act of Congress given its consent to their discharge from military service when elected as members of the General Assembly, judges of the courts, clerk of courts of record, sheriffs, ordinaries, &amp;c. I shall expect you to discharge even from camps of instruction persons elected or legally appointed to fill any of the offices mentioned in the act of Congress, as I consider that they have the consent of the Confederate Government, which for the time has control of them, that they be discharged to accept these positions when legally tendered to them; but till the courts rule otherwise I shall hold that persons in military service have no right to be discharged to accept offices not mentioned in the act, as the Confederate government has given no consent in these cases.

I am happy to be able to state that there is no prospect of conflict between me and the Confederate Government upon this point. I also hold that a State officer who has voluntarily enlisted in the military service of the Confederacy has waived his right as an officer and cupon his office for protection. if, however, he volunteered under threats of coercion or of immediate enrollment and arrest if he did not do so, or his consent was obtained by fraud or misrepresentation, you will no doubt agree with me that his act in volunteering would not bind him; and I shall expect you in such case to order his discharge upon proper evidence that the enlistment was not voluntary. I will also add in this connection that under my proclamation, which has never been revoked, all military officers of this State are required and civil officers expected to be active and vigilant in the arrest of deserters and stragglers from the Army. They are therefore expected to co-operate with and assist your enrolling officers in making such arrests, as they have frequently made arrests in remote portions of the State and had much difficulty in disposing of the deserters to a proper Confederate officer and in procuring the repayment to them of money which they have paid out as necessary expenses and which they are not able to lose. I would suggest that you publish some proper regulation to meet these difficulties in future.

You are authorized to make such use of this letter as you may think proper.

Appreciating your personal courtesy and reciprocating your desire to avoid all misunderstanding,

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

