
AN ACT to provide passports for Senators and Representatives in Congress when traveling in the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State of the Confederate States to furnish, without application, each Senator and Representative in congress, Delegate and officer of each House, with a certificate under seal, setting forth the official character of such Senator or Representative, Delegate or officer; and such certificate, when exhibited, shall entitle the person to whom it is issued to ravel without other evidence, of any kind, in all parts of the Confederate States, except that it shall not entitle him to visit an army or vessel of war against the orders of the commanding officer thereof.

Approved March 23, 1864.

AN ACT to exempt railroad companies from the payment of certain duties.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all machinery and materials in any wise necessary for the construction, equipment and operation of railroads, imported by any railroad company for its own use, and all engines, cars, and other rolling-stock, for use upon any railroad, be admitted free of duty during the existing war.

Approved May 23, 1864.

RICHMOND, May 23, 1864.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN:

Your telegram of 21st instant is received. Clearance cannot be given except in conformity with the regulations of the President.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA REGIMENT,
Macon, May 23, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN, Governor,

Milledgeville:

SIR: Your letter of the 20th instant was received by yesterday's mail.

I am not disposed to consume time upon the irrelevant topics which you have dragged into the discussion, especially as you have lost sight of the practical questions involved, and seem to write for the sole purpose of indulging in personalities which you supposed would be offensive. This correspondence commenced in an effort to get you to abandon a certificate which you had given, that it appears both from your admissions and conduct was untrue. You had certified that "you considered all the civil and military officers of the State necessary for the proper administration of the government of the State. " Now, in view of all you have said on the subject in this correspondence, as well as your recent orders calling a large number of these officers into military service, do you not feel self-condemned in having certified to a statement which is untrue, and which you knew to be untrue at the time you gave the certificate? This is the whole point of controversy, and all else has been drawn in by your efforts to avoid

