
the odium and responsibility which you have incurred by conforming your action to this false certificate.

That you have been driven to abandon this pretense to the extent of calling out the officers who are not necessary for the proper administration of the State government proves that my efforts have not been wholly fruitless. Had you done so at the time and in the mode I suggested, it would perhaps have been better for the country, and at the same time saved you from the exposure to which you have subjected yourself. You reiterate your claim upon the gratitude of our soldiers for what you have done in providing for their wants and the necessities of their families. Everyone has awarded to you and your officers full credit for what you have done with the public money. In these particulars you seem, however, to be nervously apprehensive that it may be forgotten, as you never lose an opportunity of calling attention to it. I would suggest that it might not be inappropriate, in some of your future references to the subject, to give some of the credit to your fellow-citizens, who by their cheerful payment of the taxes imposed upon them have placed in your hands the means with which you have contributed to the wants of our noble soldiers and their deserving families. It is a duty in which all have participated with a cheerfulness and earnestness worthy of the object, and for which all deserve and will receive the grateful thanks of our gallant soldiers. We have not and cannot do too much for these noble men and their suffering families. In your zeal to magnify your own conduct you should not forget what is due to others equally as deserving as yourself. The men whose gratitude you seek to obtain will not think the less of you for it.

You have so often repeated the statements of your great success in furnishing more than double the number of troops the President called for in September last that I am not surprised at your loss of temper at the exposition on the fact that you simply furnished that number on paper. You should remember that you are responsible for the introduction of the subject into this correspondence, and if the exposure is mortifying to your pride you brought it upon yourself.

The acts of Congress under which the call was made are plain and simple, and could have been responded to without the embarrassment of territorial divisions which you resorted to. Your effort to escape from the exposure by the use of offensive language is quite natural to a man who has lost his tempter, and may be pardoned in one who has so many graver offenses to atone for.

In reference to the one Confederate officer who was transferred by the President from a position in front to one in the rear, you say you "know of no reason for calling into question either the patriotism or the prudence of the President in making the transfer. " Whether your description of this position as a 'safe and comfortable" one be correct remains yet to be seen; but it is evident you so considered it, and, so considering it, your application to become his volunteer aide, withou never so honored him as long as he was in the enemy's presence, is a very significant illustration of the direction which your ambition takes in time of war. It seems that not until you perceived his fitness for a 'safe retreat" did you perceive your own fitness to become his aide. Let me assure you that if that officer had then known the conviction under which you acted he would have been more impressed with your qualifications for the post to which you aspire, for whilst your opinion of that officer may not be

