
concurred in by others, no one will question the correctness of the estimate you have placed upon yourself.

It is due to myself to say that in my allusion to your "personal knowledge" of State officers engaged in speculation I did not refer to the charge made against you of dividing with some of your State contractors the large profits they were accumulating from these contracts. What I said was in direct response to your own remark about "protected men" engaged "in attention to their own private business and speculations. " I had no reason to believe that you had been "dishonorable or unjust" in your speculations, so fully explained in your letter, and I had too much respect for your sense to believe that you would engaged in any improper transaction in which you were liable to be so easily detected. As to the manner in which you have accumulated your fortune, whether by inheritance or by trading and trafficking, I neither know nor care, as it does not throw the least light upon the question involved in this discussion, which is the truth of your certificate, in which you say you consider all the civil and military officers of this State necessary for the proper administration of the State government.

I shall leave you in your allusions to my own pecuniary embarrassments in the past to the full enjoyment of all the pleasure which a low and groveling mind derives from the repetition of stale and malicious slanders. When those who originan the remembrance of their turpitude, the subject becomes eminently suited to one of your taste and instincts.

Respectfully,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOX 1122, RICHMOND, VA., May 23, 1864.

Colonel HOLLIDAY:

DEAR SIR: I think you told me that if I could give the Secretary proof that I could raise fifteen men he would authorize me to form them into a company for the special service I had suggested.

The following-named gentlemen have several times assured me that they would serve with me on such, and most of them have done so. They are from the Eastern Shore and about Norfolk, and Missouri, Kentucky, and Canada. Some are now in prison, captured with me; others are in the Confederacy, and some on Eastern Shore:

Annan, Baker, Brown, Brock, Cobb, Crouse, Chinn, Doughty, Doughty, Wheeler, Hudgins, Hamson, Morehead, Reed, Stedman, Thomas, Wheeler, McGrim, Kiedel (19). Several other have made similar promises whose names I cannot recall, and communication now is so uncertain that I cannot get their names. I entertain no doubt of my ability to get more men, provided we can get the privilege of remaining in this branch of service as long as such branch exists.

I hope you will [not] feel troubled by my sending you this and requesting you to use it if you think it will [be] of any assistance to me. *

Respectfully,

J. Y. BEALL.

---------------

*For papers relating to Beall's subsequent arrest and execution, see Series II, VOL. VIII.

---------------

