
[Indorsement.]

MAY 23, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

DEAR SIR: I have known Mr. Beall, the writer of the within, from his earliest infancy, and have observed closely his bearing and conduct since the very beginning of the present war, and I beg leave to say to the Secretary, in the first place, that he may rely with the most implicit confidence, not only on assurance given within of his ability to raise the company of men referred to, but upon any and every other statement that Mr. B. makes on the subject or on any other subject.

I consider Mr. B. one of the most gallant and patriotic young gentlemen that Virginia has produced during the war, and that he is not less noted for intelligence and his loyalty to truth and honor. I have the best reasons for speaking thus emphatically of Mr. b. and I do not hesitate to pledge my own reputation for the correctness of what I here avouch.

Respectfully,

ANDREW HUNTER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT.,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., May 24, 1864.

Colonel PRESTON,

Chief of the Bureau of Conscription:

COLONEL: The following extract from the inspection report of Lieutenant-General Polk's command, by George B. Hodge, colonel and assistant inspector-general, is respectfully referred to the Bureau of Conscription for its information. It is requested that information may be afforded the assistant inspector-general of what measures have been adopted to remedy the evils herein mentioned.

"From the commencement of his administration of the affairs of the department, the lieutenant-general commanding complains that he was embarrassed by the evils ensuing upon the inefficient administration of the conscript laws and the failure of the Bureau of Conscription, which was charged with the duty of arresting absentees, to perform its functions with the necessary vigor and energy. He estimates that no assuming command there were in his territorial limits quite 10,000 men liable to military duty absent from their commands and evading the claims of the Government for their services. In the county of Jones, in Mississippi, as heretofore intimated, there were a large number of disaffected persons who had proceeded to such extremities as to engage in a raid upon and plunder of the public stores at Paulding, in Jasper County. In the country northwest of the Tallahatchee, Captain Rison, of the Confederate service, having deserted his post and enticed away with him a portion of his command, had established and inaugurated a system of private plunder ostensibly against the common enemy, but too often without regard to the sentiments of the owners of the property. He was constantly sending messages to his friends in the army and inviting them to join him, buying them by promises of brigandage and free quarters.

"In the counties of Lawrence, Morgan, Blount, and others in Alabama the recruiting agents of the Federal Government were organiz-

