
ing mounted regiments, colluding with disaffected citizens, and carrying on with them an almost avowed correspondence. "

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 24, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of November 18, 1863, has remained unanswered until this time through no want of respect, personal or official, but from the pressure of events which have prevented an earlier response. It has been my earnest wish that every officer of the Confederacy, whether employed in a civil or military capacity, should testify his reverence for the law of the land by a strict adherence to its forms, as well as its spirit. In the presence of the enemy and with an army scantily supplied with the commonest necessaries of life, a general, whose first care must be that his troops do not suffer from want of food, should be charitably judged if in providing for them he inadvertently exceeds his legitimate authority. No instructions were issued to General Cobb, and none were necessary, the law empowering him to order impressments when the exigency requires it. The order of Captain Byers, the commissary, provides for the local appraisement established by law. If in the enforcement of their orders subordinates displayed rudeness or a disregard for the rights of citizens or acted violently and illegally, the complainants, by pointing out the individual offenders to the local commanders, would, I confidently hope, have procured redress; but accusations against undescribed persons afford no means of bringing them to justice. Hardship, privation, sacrifice, must be suffered for the sacred cause we contend, and I am sure that the people of Georgia will prove themselves in other respects, as they have on the field of battle, equal to the most trying tests to which they may be necessarily exposed.

Veryctfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MACON, MISS., May 25, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

No reply received to my telegram of the 13th instant. Justices of peace and other civil officers declared by my proclamation exempt have been forced into service. I respectfully demand your order to Captain Wren, at Enterprise, Miss., for their discharge.

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

OFFICE C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., May 26, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I have the honor to report that while on a tour of inspection of the prisons in Georgia, I had an interview with General Howell Cobb at Macon, and communication by mail and telegraph with Richmond

