
being interrupted, he requested me to represent to Your Excellency certain facts in connection with the prisons in Georgia, the importance of which is so great as to require the consideration of the authorities.

By a recent order from the War Department, all veteran troops on duty at the prisons in Georgia has been ordered to the field, and the prisoners are at present guarded by the Georgia reserve force, the regiments of which are, for the most part, officered by men who have seen some service, are acquainted with guard duty, and are capable officers. They number altogether from 250 to 300, but they are between the ages of eighteen and forty-five and therefore liable to conscription. A recent order from the Conscript Bureau directs that they should be conscripted and sent to the field. If this order is enforced new officers will have to be elected; boys and old men totally unacquainted with guard duty, drill, and discipline, scarcely one in a hundred understanding the manual of arms or capable of taking charge of a guard, will have to be taken to officer the regiments of this reserve force.

For these reasons and in consideration of the very large number of prisoners of war to be guarded, comprising as they do 18,000 drilled soldiers and 1,500 officers ranking from brigadier-generals down to the lowest grade, some courageous and desperate men, General Cobb considers it extremely hazardous for the above-mentioned order to be enforced, and earnestly requests that Your Excellency will cause it to be suspended, at least for the time being.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

T. P. TURNER,

Major, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Suspend the conscription of the officers designated within, and direct General Bragg to have further inquiry and full report.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the chief of Bureau of Conscription. Please note President's indorsement and return.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, June 1, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

The President's order has been communicated to the commandant of conscripts for Georgia.

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Colonel and Superintendent.

