
that his reports would be compared with these of the officers preceding succeeding him, whereby inaccuracies or favoritism would be exposed.

In all cases where abuses were observed, requiring immediate corrections, special reports could be made, to be submitted for the action of the War Department. A manual prescribing the general duties of such officers can readily be drawn off, questions arising under special cases to be submitted for decision by he departments. The rank of these officers ss that of colonel, as such is the grade held in some of the corps already, and it is necessary in inspecting tried and veteran troops, which would be required in passing over most of the districts, that the inspector should have that character and rank which would secure attention and defense to his wishes and respect for his office. Through their means the Government could keep itself advised of the condition of all of its forces; the capabilities of the different officers, both of these holding high commands and of those lower grades giving promise of future ability, from whom to select for promotion; the relative efficiency of different organizations; the confidence of the troops in their commanders; the general spirit among the troops, and the military and political aspect discovered in different districts, with the resources in the way of supplies to be obtained from each.

I submit the foregoing views as suggestive, not doubting, general, that your own great experience and knowledge will determine upon some plan which may lead to the results desired.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[JANUARY 25, 1864. -For Lee to Seddon, in relation to the effect of authorizing individuals to raise companies of artillery and cavalry see Series I, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1120.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, January 26, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Permit me to introduce to your acquaintance Captain D. W. Gwynn, of the Fifth Florida Battalion.

In your letter of the 29th of October, 1863, in reply to one from me of the 22d, you promised that "orders will also be given relative to the supply of arms for the service in Florida. ' Previously upon application by me for 3,000 stand of arms, 2,000 Austin rifles were sent to Columbus, but they were without wipers and were comparatively useless. These rifles were at Columbus subject to the order of the general commanding the district, but I do not known how they were generally disposed of. We have much reason to apprehend raids from the enemy, and it is very important that the troops on whose service the State is dependent for defense should be armed and prepared to make it. I request therefore respectfully that the application for arms by Major Scott, who commands the Fifth Florida Battalion, may be promptly granted. I would also respectfully invite

