
IX. The attention of post commanders is called to the Nineteenth Article of War. The monthly returns therein required will be made directly to this office. The name and rank of every officer at the post, and how and by what authority each is employed, will be reported in addition to the other information called for by the printed notes on the forms. Blanks will be furnished from this office upon requisition of commanders.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 27, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

The evils from not giving a special certificate in each case are greater than I am sure you appreciate. I directed the head of the Conscript Bureau to explain them fully to you and respectfully ask you to accord to a special certificate. Of course, officers certified to by you will be exempted, and I shall not insist on any mode of certificate you object to, but urge the uniform one least liable to abuse.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, May 28, 1864.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

A bill "to provide and organize a general staff for armies in the field to serve during the war" was passed by your predecessors and submitted for my approval at the close of the last session.

I was unable to approve it, and now desire to state my objections to it, as well as my views on this important subject, in a hope that by a comparison of opinion some measure may be framed equally acceptable to the Legislative and Executive Departments of the Government.

I believe it to be established by the experience of Europe as well as our own that it is impracticable to organize and administer armies with efficiency without the aid of a general staff, permanent in its character, trained in its duties, aspiring to promotion in its own corps, and responsible to the head of the department. Such a staff should be composed of a small body of officers, whose education, experience, activity, and special adaptation to their duties render them peculiarly competent to perform functions on which an army depends for its capacity to act with vigor. In Europe years of varied education in the schools, the cantonment, and the field fit the staff officer for his position, and a long experience int he lower grades is required before he is deemed competent to duty in a more important sphere.to make experimental appointments of officers unprepared by any previous training, and who can only acquire in actual service that experience which must serve in place of well grounded instruction. it is scarcely possible to make this experience supply the defect of previous military education, otherwise than by the organization of the officers into one corps, responsible to one head, who can assign

