
V. The number and rank of aides-de-camp allowed by the bill is believed to be greatly in excess of those allowed by other governments and quite unsuited to the nature of ours. They would rather impede than improve the service. They would encourage love of ostentation and feed a fondness for vain display, which should rather be discouraged than fostered. The experience of this war had demonstrated that the most efficient commanders, those who have most attracted the respect, gratitude, and admiration of their country, have avoided the large retinue of personal staff which this bill would seem to sanction as proper or desirable.

VI. The objection to the enormous increase in the number of officers and expenditure that would result from the passage of such a bill becomes a matter of serious concern when no corresponding increase of efficiency is secured; of still graver importance when the opposite result is to be feared.

According to the bill as passed the staff would embrace an addition of about 400 officers, involving an increased annual expenditure for pay, rations, forage, and allowance amounting to $1,138,728 above the present staff as organized by general orders under existing legislation.

If generals are to be allowed to change the staff of each army to which they may be assigned at their pleasure, it is difficult to calculate the extent to which this abuse would grow, the number of men that would be drawn from useful service to cumber the staff, or the increase of expenditure involved.

Congress will perceive that with objections so radical it was impossible for me to approve the bill passed at the last session, and that the subject was too important to be treated in a hurries message within the last few hours of the close of a Congress. Concurring in the expediency of legislation for the organization of a general staff, I have thought a full exposition of my views on the subject would perhaps conduce to the framing of a measure which excluding the provisions which have compelled me to decline approving that deviecessors.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ATLANTA, May 30, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Commanding Reserves:

SIR: Your letter of the 23d instant, mailed to me at Milledgeville, has been forwarded to me at this place. As you enjoy more leisure for bandying words and indulging in personal abuse then now falls to my lot in this crisis of our fate, while the enemy is pressing hard upon us, I shall content myself with a short reply to your misrepresentations.

Having already shown to the satisfaction of any intelligent mind, not too much warped be prejudice to see the truth when presented, that my certificate claiming all civil and military officers of this State as necessary to the proper administration of the government of this State is in strict conformity to the resolution of General Assembly, whose authority and sole jurisdiction over the question has been solemnly adjudicated by our own supreme court; and not having claimed a single officer as exempt from conscription whose office is

