
not created by the constitution or laws of the State, because considered necessary to the proper administration of the State government, I can afford to pass as harmless your naked and unsustained assertion that my certificate is untrue. You can drew no support from the fact that in a great crisis like the present the State officers for a time have rallied to the front in response to my call to aid in repelling the enemy. It is true their offices are temporarily closed and their official duties neglected till the enemy shall be repulsed, but that does not prove that their presence at home is not necessary or that their official duties are unimportant.

A judge of the superior court, who has reported for duty in the military field, has for a time suspended his official functions; but this does not prove that his office is unimportant or that he could be enrolled as a conscript and his duties suspended during the war without detriment to the public interest.

d called out the State officers at the time and in the mode suggested by you it would perhaps have been better for the country. By this I suppose I am to understand you to assert that it would have been better for the country if I had turned them over to your command. Judging from the fact that after all the militia of the State between seventeen and fifty, except the officers, had been turned over subject to enrollment by you, and you have had two months to bring them to the field, yo have not succeeded in getting ready for service as many as I now have in camp, assembled in one week after may call, I am of opinion you will find few persons so prejudiced as to agree with you that the public interest would have been promoted by placing these men under your command, which I fear, if I may judge from the past, it will yet take you months to organize. The public safety calls for men in the field now, while the enemy is pressing us, and it is fortunate for the country that the State officers were not placed in a position to be kept back by you.

While I trust I have faithfully discharged my duties to our gallant soldiers and their families, in supplying their wants, I have never arrogated to myself the credit due the people of the State for affording the means. If I am entitled to credit for the judicious and faithful management of those means my ambition is satisfied.

After I have convicted you of willful misrepresentation of the facts relative to the number of troops furnished by me in response to the last call of the President, and have shown from the record that the requisition was filled in letter in spirit, with over double the number called for, most of whose muster-rolls covered a larger part of the territory of the State than the act of Congress or the call of the President required, which facts you knew when you penned your denial, you still persist in reiterating the assertion, and attempt to escape exposure by charging that I have lost my temper in replying to your statement. While it may be a little trying to the patience of a right-minded man to see truth so utterly disregarded by one occupying so high a position, I am willing to leave it to the judgment of the unbiased who has most exhibited the loss of temper, I, in exposing your willful misrepresentations, or you, while laboring under the exposure.

When you were assigned by the President to the command of the troops called out also fall for local defense, and I assured you of my willingness to render all the aid and assistance in my power, and in the case of active series in the face of the enemy to act temporarily with you, it was not possible for you to have understood me to express

