
interests of the public service demand it, I do so. I have been directed by a telegram from Judge Campbell, Assistant Secretary of War, to restore to its former status the battalion of Major Howard, at Columbus, Ga., and I have replied to him that to do so "would destroy all my power of usefulness in this command, and therefore I ask to be relieved. " Let me ask your attention to the inclosed papers, which were forwarded to me from you office for my action. I will simply indicate the points to which I desire particularly to direct your attention:

First. The two letters of Colonel Robertson commanding of the post, showing the inefficiency of the battalion and recommending that is should be disbanded, with the approving indorsement of Generals Beauregard and Gilmer.

Second. The indorsement, by your order, referring the whole matter to me, with the announcement that upon my recommendation the battalion would be disbanded.

Third. My order directing my aide, Colonel M. J. Crawford (who was kindly acting as volunteer aide), to examine fully into the condition of the battalion, and his report stating its condition, as well as the extract from his unofficial letter showing the conduct of Major Howard on the occasion and the hopelessness of filling the ranks of the battalion.

I desire simply to add that I preferred to retain the battalion organization and fill it up, and only determined on a different course when I became satisfied that there was no hope of recruiting its ranks, and that the only way to get the small remaining material of the battalion into useful service was to disband it and let new companies be organized. This I did, and from Colonel Crawford's letter you will see that so little was left that only one company was formed and another started. With these facts I telegraphed to you for and this and other local organizations, and you replied, giving me the authority, and I have acted upon it. The company formed has reported here and is on duty, and I had hoped to have organized another regiment of reserves this week, with the assistance of the two companies from this battalion. I submit to I that if my action is overruled by the Department without even an opportunity of vindicating my conduct, I necessarily lose the respect of the men under me. It is well known that this mater was submitted to my discretion and that I acted after thorough and mature examination. I would submit to the humiliation if I thereby promoted the public service, for I am determined to allow no mere personal feeling to interfere with an honest effort to discharge my duty; but in this case the public interest would suffer by my remaining in command of men who looked upon my action and decisions with no respect, feeling that they had only to ask for a reversal and it would be granted. I am sure you will agree with me that I ought to be relieved if this order to restore Major Howard's battalion is to be carried out, and if such continues to be the judgment of the Department I trust that my request may be granted. The telegraphic communication between Judge Campbell and myself being on file in your office, I do not inclose copies.

I am, with sentiments of sincere regard, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

