
[Inclosure No. 1.]

HEADQUARTERS POST,
Columbus, Ga., February 15, 1864.

Major J. H. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Savannah, Ga.:

MAJOR: Some time since I forwarded documents with reference to the status of Howard's battalion of non-conscripts. A few days since I received a copy of the order allowing the organization of this battalion, and find that a condition annexed is that as members of the battalion arrive at the age of eighteen years they shall be turned over to the enrolling officer for conscription. I have ordered this condition enforced, and would now respectfully call attention to the following facts with reference to this organization: The battalion now numbers five companies, composed of boys from fourteen to seventeen years old, officered by young men in many instances under eighteen years, and who are, in my opinion, too young and inexperienced for the positions they occupy. The supreme court of Georgia has decided that any member of this organization under eighteen years old, although enlisted with the written consent of parent or guardian, can at any time be discharged on a writ of habeas corpus. Many have been discharged. This decision renders a discipline out of the question, for should a court-martial inflict a punishment considered by parents or friends at all severe, the party could be discharged before the sentence is enforced. After all members of eighteen years are enrolled the companies will not a single instance reach the minimum number required, and cannot be recruited, as the majority enlisted under the impression that they would be permanently retained here. For the reason given I find the battalion inefficient and regard it as a useless expense on the Government, and respectfully recommend that it be discharged from service, and that other means be adopted by which the post can be supplied with troops reliable for provost and guard duty. The amount of Government property in Columbus, valued at $5,000,000, certainly warrants a guard for its protection. I would respectfully suggest that companies which have been decimated by the casualties of war, and which now number, many of them, only ten and fifteen muskets, be temporarily assigned to this duty, which would give them an opportunity to collect the absentees and increase their effectiveness, and that when their effective total reaches twenty they be replaced by some other decimated company, or that State troops be called for to perform local duty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS,
Savannah, February 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

I concur in the recommendation of Colonel Robertson that Major Howard's battalion be disbanded as soon as troops for State service can be organized for the protection of the Government property at Columbus under the recent act of Congress, as reported troop for the purpose recommended will soon be available in large numbers.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, Second in Command.

