
your attention to the copies of letters received by me relative to the impressment of milch cows and calves by the commissary agents. One is from the Rev. John R. Richards, from West Florida; the other from a judge of probate in South Florida. The effect of the impressments made in West Florida was the desertion of a large number of the troops in that part of the State, a portion of whim have joined the enemy. From one company, which was considered the best drilled and most reliable company in West Florida, fifty-two men deserted with their arms, some of whom were known to be brave men, who indignant at the heartless treatment of the rights of citizens, have joined the enemy. I respectfully urge that orders should be immediately issued to conscript and place in military service every impressing agent not in military service, and who if not connected with the Quartermaster or Commissary Department, would be subject to conscription; also that orders shall be issued forbidding interference with cows and calves, or stock not fit for beef, by the officers of the Confederate Government. The citizens of Florida in many parts of the State are indignant at the necessary abuse of their rights; and I have reason to know that the lawless and wicked conduct of Government agents in this State have produced serious dissatisfaction among the troops from this State in Northwest Georgia and in Virginia, and unless the evils complained of shall be promptly remedied the worst results may reasonably be apprehended.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

[First indorsement.]

Ordnance Bureau for attention to passage about arms, &amp;c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement. *]

ORDNANCE BUREAU,

February 6, 1864.

Noted and forwarded to the Quartermaster-General.

[J. G.]

[Third indorsement.]

To COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

About impressing officers, taking milch cows, &c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, Va., February 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

Major P. W. White, chief commissary of subsistence. Florida, has been called on to investigate the allegations against the purchasing officer and agents of the Bureau, and to take immediate steps to remedy the evils if found to exist.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

---------------

* See also Gorgas to Secretary of War, p. 83.

---------------

