
[Inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS POST,
Columbus, Ga., March 26, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose with this a commission* received at these headquarters through Major Gen. Howell Cobb, commanding Georgia State Guard, and respectfully ask your attention to the following remarks:

Major Howard is commanding an organization doing provost guard duty and guarding public property at this post, and known as Howard's battalion of non-conscripts. Major Howard claims that this organization is recognized at the War Department as the Twenty-seventh Georgia Battalion. I have no official information to that effect. The authority granted by Secretary of War to Major Howard to raise the battalion specified that it was for special duty in and around Columbus, Ga., and required major Howard to turn over to the enrolling officer all members of the battalion as they became liable to conscription by virtue of age or otherwise. The battalion is composed of five companies made up of boys from fourteen to eighteen years old, and now numbers only 161 non-commissioned officers and privates, with a full quota of commissioned officers, thus rendering this battalion of boys as expensive to the Government as any other battalion of five full companies in regular service. The commissioned officers are nearly all over eighteen years of age, and claim that they are not liable to conscription by virtue of their commissions. The fact that the inclosed commission was sent through Major Gen. Howell Cobb indicated that the battalion is a portion of the Georgia State Guard. If so, should it be on duty at this post? By virtue of section 8 of an act entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," should not this battalion be discharged from service?

In view of the facts stated I respectfully recommend that the battalion be discharged from duty at this post, and that troops for provost and other guard duty be supplied in accordance with General Orders, No. 36, Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, dated March 14, 1861.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, &amp;C.,
Charleston, March 30, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The views of Colonel Robertson appear to be sound, and I approve of them.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Cobb, commanding Georgia Reserves. If this battalion can be made effective by recruits from

---------------

*Not inclosed.

---------------

