
the reserve men it should be continued. The commission of Major Howard, improperly returned by General Beauregard, is inclosed, and will be delivered to Major Howard if General Cobb concludes the battalion can continue to be effective. The taking of men from active service to command local troops cannot be thought of. They may of course elect men permanently disabled, especially those placed in the Invalid Corps, and should be encouraged so to do, but able bodied men between eighteen and forty-five cannot be spared.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 16, 1864.

The several papers inclosed are respectfully referred to General Howell Cobb for his consideration and action.

The battalion was raised by authority of the Secretary of War by T. B. Howard upon condition that the youths upon coming at eighteen years of age would be assigned to companies in the general service under the conscript act. This condition must be carried out. If the battalion thereby fails, very good; let it be disbanded. There should be a competent guard at Columbus of the reserve material. If it be practicable to retain this organization and fill it up to the requisite number, let it be done. If not, the Department will disband it upon General Cobb's recommendation. The material in it will be organized as other reserve material. The rolls are on file.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

COLUMBUS, GA., May 10, 1864.

Major LAMAR COBB,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

MAJOR: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 13, I proceed to this place, and have inquired into the election of the officers of Howard's battalion, and find that all the companies have been organized and the officers elected since the 15th of October, 1863, at which time orders were issued prohibiting the election of any officer unless permanently disabled from field service. My information is that none of these officers come within the orders. The strength of the battalion is eighty-three. The remainder have been discharged by the courts or gone to other commands, and most generally without leave. Of those present but seven are understood to be over forty-five years of age, and those under eighteen are leaving almost daily for the Army; thus the battalion is reduced to its present numbers and cannot be easily recruited. The guard furnished by the battalion has not been satisfactory to the officers in charge of public works and property.

In reference to the protection and defense of the public property, there is abundant material here for any ordinary occasion. There is one battalion regularly and legally organized numbering 245 men, composed of factory and railroad hands. There are at the naval ironworks 138 men; at the arsenal and workshops under its control 175 men; in the quartermaster's office 200 men; and at the Government transportation works 37 men, making an aggregate of 795 men. All

