
these men are not enrolled, many of them having been detailed by the War Office when first liable under the conscript law without being members of any company. They should all be enrolled at once and lists made out of those in each of the public establishments, and no furloughs granted unless signed by the officer in charge of the work and approved by the commandant of the post. Out of these men two companies might be formed at the naval iron-works, three at the arsenal, and three in quartermaster's department, electing their officers from among their own number, and drilled at such times as would be least inconvenient to the officers in charge of them. The public property is now guarded by watchmen composed of disabled and maimed soldiers, who upon neglect of duty are at once discharged. They afford ample protection against any damage liable to occur from ordinary sources. It is perhaps proper to state further that this whole force (the detail men) could be used only for local defense, as they are employed as mechanics and laborers in the city.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. CRAWFORD,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

COLUMBUS, GA., May 25, 1864.

[General HOWELL COBB:]

DEAR GENERAL: I have succeeded in making one company only out of Howard's battalion. It was difficult to do that, as they have used no means to keep them here since it has been known they would be disbanded. I do not know that it is so, but I believe it. The company will leave for Macon to-morrow (Thursday) night. Captain Davis, of the enrolling office, will aid me in getting up such as have gone home and who reside in this district, and send them up as rapidly as possible. There were not more than about eighty-one men who were doing duty here, and never more than 115 or 120 at any time. Very many were from Alabama, and have gone over there out of reach, but their names shall be forwarded to the enrolling officer of their district. They have men on all their rolls who are to and have not been here for five or six months. Howard refused at first to disband his men, and I had some trouble about it, because he had orders from the War Department as late as the 9th instant, and besides he claimed to be in nowise under your authority, &amp;c., but he acted at last upon my making out and showing him my report to you of his refusal. He wanted also the order to come through the commandant of post. It is all arranged, however.

* * * *

Very truly, yours,

M. J. CRAWFORD.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

HEADQUARTERS,
Macon, May 10, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, VA.:

There are several local organizations which the good of the service require should be disbanded at once and material formed into reserve. Colonel Browne has so recommended to Colonel Preston. Will you telegraph me authority to disband all such?

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

