
[Inclosure No. 7.]

RICHMOND, May 18, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB:

The companies referred to in your telegram may at your discretion be disbanded. All conscript material had been ordered to be withdrawn.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, May 31, 8164.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Some weeks since I wrote to you in reference to several volunteer organizations forming in the State of men and boys between the ages of forty-five and fifty and below eighteen years old. Some of these companies were formed before the act of Congress of February 17 was passed, some after that time, but before the notice issued by the President and required by law was published. These companies, most of the, were made up and tendered to the Governor for the war for State defense. Their rolls were filled in this office, and copies of such rolls were furnished the enrolling officers of the counties in which the companies were located. The enrolling officer are harassing these man and requiring them to be enrolled and sent to camp. This action of the enrolling officers is not warranted by the law of Congress. These organizations are in strict accordance with the spirit of the law of Congress, if not with its letter. The manner in which the enrolling officers are doing their work in this State is creating much injury-actual injury-to the planting interest of the State, and actual injury be estranging the best people from the proper regard to our cause. They can see no use in taking men over forty-five years old and boys under eighteen from their farms at this season of the year and placing them in camps to do nothing, and let their crops be destroyed. And I must be permitted to say that I think it the most egregious folly, to call it by no harsher name. These volunteer companies of which I speak have been organized in their respective counties and they are ready to respond whenever a call for the reserves is made. In the meantime, except when called out to drill, which is once a week, they are permitted to remain at home making something to eat for their families and four our soldiers. I have resisted, by remonstrance, the action of the enrolling officers, and I may feel myself justified in going farther unless some stop is put to the matter by you. I have no complaint to make of Colonel H. C. Lockhart, the commandant for the State; he is a gentleman for whom I entertain a very high respect. He has common sense, a very rare sort of sense, paradoxical though it may seem, but he says he is restricted by his orders. I learn now that it is not allowed to mix in the same company boys under eighteen and old men over forty-five years of age. Surely such orders could not have issued from the War Department; they would violate the act of Congress. What is the object of such orders I cannot discover, unless it is to prevent any State organizations. It must not be forgotten that the States have some rights left, and that the right to troops in time of war is guaranteed by the Constitution. These rights, on the part of Alabama, I am determined shall be

