
respected. I cannot permit the troops organized for State defense and ready to obey my calls to be taken out of the control of the State. The laws of Alabama must be executed and I must have some troops at my command to execute them; such troops, while I am Governor, will always be ready to obey and call made by the President.

I wish to call your prompt attention to the contents of this letter and ask for a prompt reply.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[Indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, June 18, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The commandant of conscripts for Alabama has been instructed to organize the reserves and turn over the muster-rolls to Major-General Withers. That organization is to be made in exact accordance with General Orders, No. 45, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. These claims by local authorities for troops, states to be organized by them, are having the effect of entirely defeating the law in relation to the reserve forces.

If the Governors persist in raising and holding armies composed largely of classes brought into the service of the Confederacy by the act of 17th February, 1864, then the anticipated effect of that act is neutralized. If these organizations are turned over to the Confederate Government there can probably no harm result from retaining them after abstracting from them the material due to the general service, and this course is recommended.

The promise to hold them by State authority, ready to answer the call of the President, does not fulfill the purposes of the law, which places them in Confederate service. The jurisdiction of the conscription ceases on the completion of company organizations, and the holding the men in camp or restoring them to their avocations is a matter for the action of the general commanding. I have the honor herewith to submit a correspondence of the commandant of conscripts for Georgia with the Governor of that State relative to like matters. *

The tendency of the action of the State authorities is to absorb the whole class of reserves.

JOHN S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and superintendent.

[MAY 31, 1864. -For Davis to Anderson and Davis to Milton, in regard to the organization and employment of Florida reserves, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 339.]

[JUNE 1, 1864. -For Maxey's requisition on the Six Confederate Nations (Indian) for troops to complete three brigades, see Series I, VOL. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 639.]

---------------

*See Mather to Davis, March 31 (with indorsements and inclosure), p. 259; Browne to Brown, May 10, p. 416, and Brown to Browne, May 21, p. 440.

---------------

