
SEC. 2. That in all elections held under said act, polls, shall be opened in the camps of the Army, as well out of as in the State, and the election shall be conducted otherwise as provided in said act as amended by this act.

SEC. 3. That in such elections all persons entitled to vote under said act out of the county of their residence shall be allowed to vote at any the places of voting out of the State.

Approved June 3, 1864.

MONTGOMERY, June 3, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

I have written you twice in reference to volunteer companies organized under my authority. I have no reply from you. Unless your order the commandant of conscripts to stop interfering with such companies there will be a conflict between the Confederate general and State authorities.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

JOINT RESOLUTION responsive to the resolutions of the General Assembly of Virginia, asserting the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the State of Virginia over her ancient boundaries.

Whereas, resolutions of the General Assembly of Virginia, adopted October eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, have been communicated to Congress by the Governor of that State, at the request of the General Assembly, wherein that body, referring to former proceedings and to the attempt of the enemy to form a new State out of the State of Virginia, declares that "it is the firm determination of the State, and known to be that of the Confederate Government, to assert and maintain the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the State of Virginia to the uttermost limits of her boundaries, at any and every cost. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do resolve, That in no event will this Government consent to a division or dismemberment of the State of Virginia, but will assert and maintain her jurisdiction and sovereignty to the uttermost limits of her ancient boundaries, at any and every cost.

Approved June 4, 1864.

CIRCULAR.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 4, 1864.

The following general instructions are published for the guidance of inspectors in the performance of their duties:

INSPECTION OF ARMIES.

First, report to the commander of the army to be inspected, and request his co-operation in so far as it may be necessary to secure facilities for making an inspection. Obtain from him such information respecting the condition of his army as he may deem proper to communicate, and request any suggestions which may lead to the more intelligent performance of the duty, or call attention to points

