
requiring especial examination and report. Examine the office records of the army headquarters in order to secure a proper understanding of the system of government prevailing in each army, and the extent to which it is observed. The inspection of the troops of the different organizations composing the army will be made in the manner herein prescribed for inspectors serving with armies, looking especially to their armament, discipline, drill, and sanitary condition; the relative efficiency of the different organizations, and the merits of their officers; and where the differences are marked, the causes thereof, as such information, if unprejudiced, may lead to the promotion of the meritorious. As to intelligent and efficient staff officers properly carrying out the orders and intentions of commanders the success of an army is in a large measure due, their acquaintance with and faithful performance of the duties pertaining to their respective departments will be critically observed, and where found to be inefficient or negligent they will be so reported. All officers with the commands inspected who are in excess of the number authorized by law and orders will be reported, with the nature of their duties and the circumstance of their assignment.

The supplies pertaining to the different departments being difficult to procure, especial attention will be given to the due observance of property responsibility by the officers of each, respectively, seeing that all property is properly preserved or distributed strictly in accordance with allowances authorized by orders. Learn the sources from whence supplies are drawn, theiilability for the present and the future, their nature, and the system under which they are collected. Call attention to any obstacles in the way of their procurement, and suggest any improvements calculated to secure their more prompt, abundant, and economical delivery.

As impressment is sometimes necessary to secure supplies and injustice is occasionally inflicted through the indiscretion or viciousness of agents, impress upon officers resorting to it the importance of softening its rigors by explanations of the law and the courteous assertion of duty under it, leaving in all instances the certificates required by General Orders, Nos. 30 and 39, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. In passing through neighborhoods where impressments have been made inspectors should listen to all complaints; advise those really aggrieved how, under orders, to redress their wrongs, and not the names of the impressing officers, the amounts impressed, and dates of impressments, with the view to after comparison, in examining the officers' accounts, of the facts so reported with those exhibited by their vouchers.

DUTIES OF INSPECTORS SERVING WITH ARMIES.

Inspect troops in the manner prescribed by Article XXX and for the purposes indicated in paragraphs 459 and 460 of the Army Regulations published by authority of the War Department in 1862.

The number, appearance, and bearing of officers and men present at inspection and of their arms and accouterments should be ascertained, and also that all arms or parts of arms and accouterments lost have been properly accounted for, in accordance with General Orders, No. 148, of 1863, and No. 6, current series, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

The inspections under arms completed, examine the police of camps, quarters, hospitals, and guard-houses; the number of prisoners in the latter, and the nature of the charges against each; the messing arrange-

