
ments, and the character and quantity of the ration issued. If troops inspected are artillery or cavalry, see that guns and caissons are properly parked, ammunition chests filled and properly packed, and the ammunition dry and serviceable; that harness and horse equipments are properly cleansed, greased, and placed on racks raised from the ground; the number, character, and condition of the guns, caissons, and horses, and that the latter are properly groomed and fed and never use except on public service; the number of stables and their location, which should be upon dry, sloping ground and well protected from the northern winds. The same examination should be extended to all army transportation as regards stabling and the care bestowed upon animals, harness, and vehicles.

The company, regimental, and brigade records should be next examined with reference to the strength, present and absent, reporting by name all officers and numerically all enlisted men improperly absent from inspection or their commands, and ascertaining if lists required to be furnished by General Orders, Nos. 125 and 130, of 1863, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, are regularly forwarded.

Observe the correspondence in number of the rations drawn with that of the men entitled to draw actually present with the command; this correspondence to be verified by examination of the brigade reports and the abstract of issues made by the brigade commissary.

See that regimental returns and reports of ordnance are regularly made. Knowing, from inspection, the number of arms in the hands of the men inspected, they, with those in charge of the ordnance sergeant, and others accounted for by certificates of boards of survey, should cover the responsibility of regimental commanders.

Learn whether the orders issued from the War Department and the different headquarters of the army are duly promulgated, understood, and observed throughout the commands inspected.

Examine the medical department with reference to provision made for the sick, their hospitals, medical supplies, the sanitary condition of their commands, the efficiency and capability of the medical officers, and that all required returns and reports are promptly rendered. The property and money accounts of quartermasters and commissaries should next be examined, seeing that they are correct and promptly rendered; that all public property is properly appropriated; that forage received and issued is only given to animals legitimately within command, and subsistence only to troops actually present, and that sales to officers are limited to regulation allowance-reporting all irregularities and inefficiency or neglect of duty on the part of officers and all employees, vehicles, and animals in excess over those authorized in orders.

The ordnance department will be similarly examined. The employees in all these departments should be men unfit for active duty in the ranks, as far as the nature of the duties to be performed will permit. The number of detailed men employed should be reduced to the lowest limit, and all supernumeraries and able-bodied men be remanded to the ranks.

Inspectors will attend drills occasionally, or at stated times, and call upon officers to put their commands through any movements within its school. Lieutenant should understand company, captains and field officers regimental, and colonels brigade drills, as the casualties of service frequently impose upon officers command above the grades which they hold.

Inspectors will frequently ride through and about the neighborhood of their camps, observe the conditions of inclosures, private property,

