
crops, &amp;c. ; repress all irregularities or depredations, and, where committed, cause prompt indemnity to the injured and punishment of offenders. As troops habitually encamp by brigades, and establish guards for the protection of al neighboring property, and the preservation of order and discipline within their own camps, such irregularities amongst well-organized and disciplined troops rarely occur.

Before leaving vacated camps inspectors will ride over the ground encamped upon by the troops and cause all property left by them to be collected and placed in the wagons. The regimental quartermaster and ordnance sergeant should be required to do this in each regiment. Do the same with all arms, accouterments, or other property left by stragglers on the line of march, and if left by those of his own command, bring offenders to trial; or, if not, turn property so collected over to the department to which it pertains. Arms, &c., thus found will be placed in any wagon, irrespective of commands, most easily reached. Roll-calls and an examination of arms, which should be invariably made in every company at the commencement and at the end of each day's march, would measurably prevent both straggling and the loss of arms, and every inspector should secure within his command the publication of an order enjoining this duty, and look to its strict observance. He will pass frequently along the line of march, cause the ranks to be kept properly closed, and all stragglers, whether of his own or other commands, to rejoin their companies; or, if this is impracticable, to turn them over to the nearest provost guard, to be marched forward and returned at the end of the march. See that the second officers of each regiment or battalion, is in rear of his command, to preserve order, prevent straggling, and to give written authority to the sick and broken down to ride in the wagons or ambulances moving with the brigade.

Note the names of stragglers, and those of their regimental and company commanders, who will be held responsible for their neglect of duty in permitting such irregularity, and required to give their immediate attention to its correction. See that staff officers in charge of trains or public property are with their respective trusts, and hold them responsible for al irregularities committed by their employees.

Preparatory to battle inspectors will locate their provost guards at eligible points for arresting all stragglers; acquaint themselves with the localities of the ordnance, supply, and ambulance trains, and of the field hospitals, the character of the grounds in the vicinity of their command, front and rear, and of all roads to and from the line of battle, and connecting with the main traveled roads in rear; the troops supporting both flanks; the position of reserves; the watchfulness observed by pickets and skirmishers thrown to the front, and report this, and all other information, derived from the examination of prisoners or other sources, which may prove important in aiding his commander in performance of his duties.

In the intervals of the fifth, where practicable, he will cause to be collected all arms, accouterments, or other movable property left by our own men or the enemy, to points in rear easily accessible for the wagons. They will keep an account of al captures made by their commands, whether of prisoners or property, sending in a tabular statement of the same after the battle, in order that each command may receive due credit for its services; and cause all property captured or collected to be turned over on public account to the officers of the department to which it pertains.

