
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CALHOUN COUNTRY, FLA., December 20, 1863.

Right Honorable JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida:

MY DEAR FRIEND: After my best respect to you as my friend and chief justice of the State of Florida, I avail myself of this opportunity of writing to you a few to ascertain if it is law for these "pressmen" to take the cows from the soldiers' families and leave them to starve. Colonel Coker has just my house with a drove for Marianna of about 200 or 300 head. Some of my neighbors went after him and begged him to give them their milch cows, which he, Mr. Coker, refused to do, and took them on. And now, my dear Governor, I assure you, on the honor of a gentleman, that to my knowledge there are soldiers' families in my neighborhood that the last head of cattle have been taken from them and drove off, and unless this pressing of cows is stooped speedily there won't be a cow left in Calhoun Country. I know of several soldiers' families in this country that haven't had one grain of corn in the last three weeks, nor any likelihood of their getting any in the next three months; their few cows taken away and they left to starve; their husbands slain on the battlefield at Chattanooga. This is a true state of things in my country; I vouch for them as an honest man. Now, if this is law I should be glad to know it, so I could how to act by the law, for I have had a different notion of the law; and as a sound man, I think this pressing of all the cattle will have a bad end, in my judgment, and I am not all that think so. I think if it could be stopped it would have a good effect on this part of the community. I should be obliged to you if you feel a freedom t write me on this subject soon, as I look upon procrastination as the great their of time.

I remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN. R. RICHARDS.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BROOKSVILLE, HERNANDO COUNTRY, FLA.,

January 12, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.:

SIR: At a meeting of the Board of Country Commissioners of this country on the 9th instant, for the purpose families of soldiers in this country, it was ascertained that the supply of corn within the limits of the county is nearly exhausted, and that there can be very little or no corn purchased any where between here Gainesville; whether from actual scarcity or an indisposition to sell I don't know, but it is generally supposed it is from the latter cause. On the suggestion of General J. M. Taylor, who said that he had heard You Excellency say that corn would be sent down to Archer from Middle Florida for soldiers' families if it became necessary for the support of these families, I was verbally instructed by the board of Commissioners to communicate their necessities to Your Excellency, and ask if 1,000 bushels of corn could be had in that way, in the event that we cannot procure it otherwise. Their situation will be deplorable in the extreme if corn cannot be had beyond the limits of the county, as in consequence of a bad crop season the past year there was not more than one-third of an average crop raised in the country.

