
INSPECTION OF DISTRICTS.

These inspections involve more general duties than those of an army, in the examinations of the various public interests located at the numerous posts, depots, camps of instruction, or other institutions, growing out of the wants of the different departments of the Government. In making them inspectors will give their especial attention to the following points:

The strength, efficiency, and character of the troops occupying the different stations inspected, recollecting the requirements of General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, while inspecting detailed men and provost guards, the latter usually composing the garrisons of all stations, other than posts of a strictly defensive character.

The strength and efficiency of the troops garrisoning fortifications; the extent and nature of the defensive works and their armament; the fitness and sufficiency of the ammunition for the guns, and the care bestowed upon its preservation; and that all other supplies necessary to the maintenance of a vigorous and effective defense are on hand.

The money and property accounts of all disbursing officers within the district inspected; and their prompt rendition at prescribed periods, to the chiefs of departments to which they belong.

That all public property, wherever found, is properly cared for, and ionsible agents, and in no instance misapplied.

That adequate storage is provided for the protection of all stores collected at depots, and that the supplies received correspond with amounts invoiced, or if not, the measures adopted to correct the deficiency.

That rations, wherever issued, correspond strictly with the number of men present and entitled to them; and where this number varies between the regular periods of issue, that any surplus thereby accumulated is deducted from the next returns. That impressing officers, where supplies are obtained by impressment, conform strictly to regulations and orders governing this system.

The means adopted by tax officers to collect the tax in kind, the resources of the country within their respective districts, if faithfully and impartially assessed and collected; the amount of supplies collected and remaining uncollected; the facilities for their transportation from points of production to the depots, and thence to points of consumption; and the intelligence, integrity, and energy of officers and agents employed in this duty.

The authority under which detailed men are acting in the different departments in the employment of Government contractors, and that they are reduced to the lowest number which will accomplish the work to be performed. All supernumeraries to be reported, in order that they may be remanded to their commands.

The arrangements adopted at camps of instruction for the accommodation and instruction of conscripts, and for their examination, distribution to commands, and exemptions; and the number received, assigned to duty, or exempted within the year.

The records at conscript agencies; that they show thorough enrollments, collection and examination of all persons of conscript age within each district; that the examinations by the medical boards are strict and impartial, and where giving exemptions on account of phys-

