
ical disability, that they act strictly in compliance with regulations and the true interests of the service.

The energy with which conscript officers apprehend and return to their commands all deserters, and officers and men improperly absent; and their strictness in enforcing the orders relating to sick, furloughed, or retired officers and men within their districts.

That registers are kept at each agency of all men of conscript age; and of all exempted, detailed, furloughed, or retired officers and men within their districts, and the authority under which each is acting.

The management of hospitals, the number of invalids they receive, return restored to their commands, transfer to other hospitals, or who have died within them during the month preceding inspection. The number and efficiency of officers and men employed at each, the quality and quantity of supplies, and that no rations other than those issued to men in the field are allowed within the hospitals, except to the sick, for whose use alone all extra supplies are designed.

At depots in rear of the armies, adjuncts thereof, and at which all surplus supplies are accumulated, shops for repairs are established, and to which unserviceable animals are sent back to recruit; examine the different departments, and the efficacy of measures adopted by each to carry out these various objects.

To perform efficiently their duties inspectors will acquaint themselves with the regulations and orders governing al branches of the service, issued from the War Department, or the headquarters of the army with which they are serving. This knowledge is indispensable, as it is the duty of the inspector to see that all orders are understood and obeyed by the command with which he is serving, or which he is inspecting. Army Regulations, and Tactics of different arms of the service, and General Orders from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office up too the close of each year, can be bookstores. Within the year the orders are so distributed throughout all the armies as to be accessible to all. The regulations of the different departments are usually to be found in the hands of their officers in each brigade.

Inspections are intended to secure greater efficiency throughout the service, in procuring the strict observance of orders, the correction of abuses, and in bringing to the notice of the authorities the merits and demerits of all military officers and organizations; and such other information as will acquaint them with the condition of the different commands, and enable them to act advisedly in making any changes necessary for the advancement of the public interests.

Inspectors, while critically inspecting each command with a view to full information respecting its condition, should be exceedingly cautious in forming their opinions, which should be based upon reliable facts and personal observation. They will look only to the public interest in making their reports. Patience, courtesy, and firmness should characterize their performance of duty in every position, with a strict avoidance of all action approaching a "detective" character. While their reports are to be strictly confidential, except in so far as the authorities to whom they are made may deem it expedient to disclose them, all inspections and the relations between the inspector and the inspected must be perfectly ingenuous, impartial, and soldierly.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

