
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 4, 1864.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 2d instant. Without further legislation allowing the tender of certificates of indebtedness on impressment, it is vain to except their use to any considerable extent, as they will not, in despite all explanations and efforts on the part of officers, be voluntarily received. Besides, considerable amounts in currency are absolutely necessary to pay employees of the Government, of the railroads, and of contractors. I trust every effort will be made at once to raise money by the sale on hypothecation of bonds or by negotiation of a loan. Otherwise I fear the machinery of Government will stop.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 4, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your letter of April 27 addressed to the President was referred to me with the indorsement that "in this case as stated it would seem proper to receive the companies as organized either in the reserve or active force. " In accordance with this instruction I directed the Adjutant-General to order the organization to be retained and considered part of the reserved forces. A letter was by him addressed received no letter from you addressed to m e on this subject.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[JUNE 4, 1864. -For Johnston to Brown, with reference to 3,000 Georgia State troops placed at disposal of former, see Series I, VOL. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 758.]

RICHMOND, June 6, 1864.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I regret that a sense of duty compels me to return to the Senate without my signature a joint resolution which originated in your Honorable body entitled "Joint resolution in regard to the exemption of editors and employees of newspapers. "

The terms of this resolution extend to editors of magazines and periodicals other than newspapers, together with their employees, the same exemption from military service as is now accorded in favor of newspapers.

I see no reason for exempting these citizens from the duty of defending their country which would not apply to all authors, publishers, booksellers, printers, and other persons connected with the publication of books, pamphlets, religious tracts, and other reading-

