
matter. At a moment when our lives, our liberty, and our independence are threatened by the utmost power of our enemies, when every citizen capable of bearing arms ought to be found in the ranks, I cannot but deem it impolitic to add to the list of exemptions without the most urgent necessity. Seeing no such necessity, and believing the precedent set by this resolution, if passed, to be productive of evil effect, I am constrained to return it without my approval.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

JOINT RESOLUTION in regard to the exemption of editors and employees of newspapers.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That so much of the tenth section of the act entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved 17th of February, 1864, as exempts from military service one editor for each newspaper being published at the time of the passage of the act, and such employees as said editor may certify on oath to be indispensable to the publication thereof, shall be understood to include magazines and other periodicals published before and at the time of the passage of the said act.

TH. S. BOCOCK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

R. M. T. HUNTER,

President pro tempore of the Senate.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 131.
 Richmond, June 6, 1864.

* * * * *

X. The chiefs of the military bureaus in Richmond will render monthly returns to this office on the last day of each month, setting forth the names and rank of the officers of their respective corps and their particular assignments and duties.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,

Macon, Ga., June 6, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 5th instant and your letter of the 27th ultimo, inclosing General Bragg's letter of the 26th ultimo, just received, and I reply to both in this letter as the subject is the same. I fear that the Department will feel a disappointment when the strength of the Georgia Reserve is made known to it, though I have endeavored to prepare you for it in my previous communications. Governor Brown by his false certificate "that all the military and civil officers of Georgia are necessary for the proper administration of the State government," as well as by his mustering into State service men afterward detailed as operatives in factories, &amp;c., has

