
made such inroads upon the material out of which the reserve force was to be organized, that its strength will fall far below what was anticipated at the time the law was passed for its organization. Some idea may be formed of the effect of Governor Brown's exemption certificate when I inform you that he claims now to have over 5,000 men in his militia force at Atlanta, most of whom would belong to the Reserves if they had not been withheld by the certificate to which I have referred. The fact that they are now brought into the service is satisfactory evidence that they are not necessary for the administration of the State government, as claimed by Governor Brown. Another difficulty I have had to encounter is the number of men exempted by the local boards for agricultural and other necessary purposes. I have no reason to believe that improper exemptions have been made, still it has greatly diminished the material left after Governor Brown's sweeping exemption.

I have organized four regiments who are now at Andersonville. The fifth will be organized here this week, and is required here to guard the prison camp and the public wor. A battalion of six companies (Girardey's from Augusta) is here, except two companies temporarily doing duty at Augusta, and I am making arrangements to increase it to a regiment, which I hope to accomplish in a few weeks.

There are at Savannah six organized companies, and arrangements in progress for four other companies to complete the regiment. At Augusta the organization of Reserves has been somewhat delayed by the existence of local companies, which I am now converting into regular reserves, and from the best information I can obtain I should say that a battalion, perhaps a regiment, may be formed there. At Atlanta and other points reserves are still reporting, and other companies and regiments will be organized as rapidly as possible. My present calculation is that there will be at least eight full regiments of reserves for the State. In additional to these I have taken steps for the more perfect organization into companies and battalions, for strictly local defense, of all men who are detailed or otherwise employed in the public workshops and factories, &amp;c., at Savannah, Augusta, Atlanta, Columbus, Macon, and Athens. These organizations I propose to keep separate and distinct from the State Reserves, but I shall have at each of the points a pretty effective force for strictly local defense. As soon as the muster-rolls are sent to me I will have them forwarded, that you may be informed of the extent of the organizations.

I have not forwarded to you the muster-rolls of the regiments which have been formed, because they have not yet been properly prepared. I have had to deal with men who were wholly uninformed, and it has been difficult to get them to comply with the regulations. A more serious difficulty has occurred from the fact that the pressure upon me for troops to relieve the old regiments at Andersonville made it necessary for me to organize with less than the minimum number into some of the companies. These I have been filling up preparatory to sending forwarded the muster rolls.

I have endeavored to state as clearly as possible the facts connected with the reserve force, that you may have a tolerably correct idea of its strength, and will place before you as soon as possible a more full report, accompanied by the muster-rolls.

The letter of General Bragg seems to indicate the points at which the different regiments are to be stationed. If this is to be regarded

