
as a direction you will observe it changes the whole disposition of the force, except that it leaves three regiments at Andersonville, whereas there are now four, and that number is not considered too many. He also requires five regiments at Atlanta. These are not required there now, as Governor Brown's whole force of 5,000 men is at that place; besides, I have not as many regiments as he assigns to different places. I await your instructions in these matters.

Allow me to say that since Colonel Browne has taken charge of the conscript office here he has extended to me not only cordial but efficient aid, and by the system which he has adopted I have no doubt our united efforts will bring into the service all who are liable to this duty, and that in a very short time.

I should have stated in the proper place that the companies below the minimum number were in Gartrell's regiments and did not pass through the conscript office, but were put on duty by me in the emergency mentioned.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, &amp;c.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

A bill which originated in the Senate entitled "An act to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties" has been presented for my signature, but it contains a provision founded on an error of fact which compels me to return it without approval, that the error may be corrected.

The bill contains the following proviso: "Provided, That acting ordnance officers having been found duly qualified for appointment according to the regulations of the War Department, and being already on duty in the field under the orders of the Secretary of War, shall have preference of appointment under this act. " There are no acting ordnance officers on duty in the field, and I learn on inquiry that the persons so designated are in reality merely employees of the Ordnance Bureau for the performance of ordnance duties in the field in the field in the absence of legislation authorizing the appointment of officers. This proviso, therefore, has the effect, under an error of fact apparent in its terms, of restricting the Executive in the choice of persons to fill the offices created by the bill to a list of employees selected by a chief of bureau, which is plainly not in accordance with the expressed intention of Congress, nor with the terms of the Constitution.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint fifty officers of artillery in the Provisional Army for the performance of ordnance duties in addition to those authorized by the act entitled "An act to authorize the appointment of officers of artillery in the Provisional Army," approved April 21, 1862, and "An act to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties," approved September 16, 1862, and t

