
said officers shall be as provided in said last-names act: Provided, That acting ordnance officers having been found duly qualified for appointment according to the regulations of the War Department, and being already on duty in the field under the orders of the Secretary of War, shall have preference of appointment under this act.

TH. S. BOCOCK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

R. M. T. HUNTER,

President pro tempore of the Senate.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,
Macon, Ga., June 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On the 28th of April last I indorsed to you a copy of a letter I had addressed to Governor Brown on the subject of his sweeping exemption of State officers, both civil and military. I now forward to you copies of his reply and the subsequent correspondence. *

There is but one fact in this correspondence worthy of you consideration. You will observe that Governor Brown regards the act of Congress on the subject of exempting State government" as a nullity; and his certificate given in response to the requirements of that act was a mere pretense, which he does not and will not deny was wholly untrue.

His excuse for this false certificate you will find to be a resolution of the Legislature of Georgia, which, it seems, he thinks justifies him in making a certificate which was manifestly untrue.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., June 7, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The enrolling officer, Colonel Browne, of Macon, Ga., has enrolled several of the hands of the Shakanoosa Arms Manufacturing Company, at Dawson, Ga., and threatens to take many more, thus in effect destroying an establishment with which Alabama has a contract for a supply of arms. This establishment is of common and great utility to the Confederate States and the States of Georgia and Alabama. Arms are a necessity, and Alabama has a very inadequate supply. I request, therefore, that no further conscription from that factory be made, or that of those making [arms?] such may be returned or detailed as may under oath by the superintendent be deemed necessary to the successful working of the establishment.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor.

---------------

*See Brown to Cobb, May 5, p. 381; Cobb to Brown, May 12, p. 417; Brown to Cobb, May 20, p. 431; Cobb to Brown, May 23, p. 442; Brown to Cobb, May 30, p. 455.

---------------

