
MACON, June 9, 1864.

JAMES A. SEDDON:

Yours, forwarding Governor Watts' dispatch, received. Colonel Browne will recommend detail of all the operatives at Dawson except those works whose work can be done by negro laborers. I approve his decision and will communicate to Governor Watts.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 9, 1864.

Major-General COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Your letter of 31st of May received. The Department was misinformed as to the condition of Howard's battalion. Your report satisfactory and action approved.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

OFFICE OF MISSISSIPPI CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY,

Grenada, June 9, 1864.

Major Gen. S. D. LEE, C. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: I find it almost impossible to keep this road in safe running order for want of shovels, axes, and some framing tools. The recent heavy rains north of this place has covered the track with sand in some places to the depth of two feet, and I can with difficulty obtain shovels to supply the few hands I have in removing it. I am compelled, therefore, to ask again for permission to send out a few bales of cotton to obtain railroad supplies. Twenty-five bales would purchase all I could hope to get out. Cotton is sent toward Memphis almost daily, and for every purpose you can imagine, yet I will not move a bale except by authority. I need labor on the road north of this place, and am willing to pay for it. I want twenty hands for two or three months. After the press of the farmers is over would you impress them for

me, we paying them? I cannot hire them. This I have tried in vain to do. Third road may or may not be of any benefit to the Government. This you must determine. If it is or is to be, I must have labor to repair it and tools for them to work with.

Yours, respectfully,

W. GOODMAN,

President.

AN ACT to amend the laws relating to the tax in kind.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act approved seventeenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to lay taxes for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States,' approved April twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three," be, and the same is hereby, amended as follows: After the world "wool" in the first proviso of the fourth paragraph of section ten, the words "in the aggregate," shall be inserted; and in the

