
same article and section, the word "eight" shall be substituted for the word "five," so as to read: Provided, That post quartermasters shall direct such delivery to be made at any time within eight months after the date of said estimates, &amp;c.

SEC. 2. In all cases where crops, subject to a tax in kind, have been, or may be destroyed, in whole or in part, by fire or any other accidental cause, or by the enemy, if before assessment, the assessor shall regard the part of the crop not destroyed as all that was produced by the owner; if after assessment, and the destruction be satisfactorily proven, the post quartermaster shall also regard the portion of the crop not destroyed as all that was produced, and the proof relieving the producer shall entitle the quartermaster to a credit on his return for the property thus lost.

SEC. 3. In cases where the quantity of corn reserved from the tax in kind is not sufficient to supply the actual wants of the producer, without any default on his part, upon satisfactory evidence of the fact, the Secretary of War is authorized to allow the money value to be paid for the tithe to the extend thus required.

SEC. 4. The law imposing a tax upon the addressed value of property shall not be so construed as to impose a tax upon the products of gardens intended for the use of the family of the owner, nor upon fruit raised for domestic use and not for sale.

SEC. 5. That the account of slaughtered hogs required by the first section of said act shall be rendered on or about the first day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five and eighteen hundred and sixty-six, for each year preceding said date.

Approved June 10, 1864.

AN ACT to raise money to increase the pay of soldiers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That upon all subjects of taxation under existing tax laws, there shall be assessed and levied a tax equal to one-fifth of the amount of the present tax on the same subject for the year eighteen hundred and sixty-four, which tax shall be payable only in Confederate Treasury notes of the new issue, and shall be collected at the same times with the other taxes on the same subjects, under the laws in force.

SEC. 2. The money arising from the tax hereby imposed shall be appropriated, first, to the payment of the increased compensation of the soldiers under the act passed at the present session.

Approved June 10, 1864.

AN ACT making appropriations for the support of the Government of the Confederate States of America, from July 1 to December 31, 1864, and to supply a deficiency.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Government, from July first to December thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four:

* * * * *

