
Another matter which I would direct the attention of Your Excellency to is the fact that the cattle drivers under the orders of Captain McKay, commissary of this department, have stripped the country of every beef steer that they find, from two years old and upward, and are now taking the cows, many of which have been known to have calves, in less than fifteen miles' drive. This is cutting off the only supply of meat we had for soldiers' families, as the supply of pork from various causes-mainly for want of corn to fatten it-is unusually short-so much so that the most fortunate of us will be on less than half allowance. Whatever the exigencies of the case may be, I considered it an outrage upon a community having in their midst as many suffering families as we have to take the cows, the only dependence for milk and beef for the future. In many cases the cows of poor families of soldiers in the Army are taken, as I have been informed. Does the order to these commissaries authorize them to take the milch cows from the people against their or consent? If so, the country is certainly ruined and a general famine will be the result. Already the soldiers' families are becoming clamorous for meat and are killing people's cows wherever they can get of them. If does seem to me that this wholesale taking the beef-cattle and milch cows of the country should be stopped, for by taking the cows is certainly cuts off the means of any future supply of beef, saying nothing of cutting of the supply of milk. If we have arrived at that point where it has become actually necessary to impress all the cows in the country, which are so necessary to the support of any country, them I say, God help us, for starvation must be inevitable. Will Your Excellency do us the favor to write me in answer to these several points?

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

P. G. WALL,

Judge of Probate.

PRIVATE.] HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA STATE GUARD,

Atlanta, January 26, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received your dispatch refusing my application to organize troops for the war from the members of the State Guard. I took the liberty of responding by telegraph and beg to address you again on the subject. I have no earthly interest in the question save as it affected the public interest, I beg you, therefore, to bear with me. What I say is based upon my personal experience and knowledge. I have opportunities of knowing the feeling on this subject which you have not at Richmond, and though my earnest counsel may not be heeded, pardon, I beg of you, one more instruction upon your time. I regard this decision as disastrous in its consequence. In Georgia it will make a difference of more than 2,000 men in the Army, and the same will likewise occur in the States. I am not sure that we have not lost that number already, even if the authority should now be granted. Besides, you are putting into your old organizations an element which will produce the worst state of feeling through the ranks, and fill your Army with strife, jealousy, and heartburning. I am sure you do not appreciate the character of the men who have employed substitutes; whilst there are many who were

