
WAR DEPARTMENT. -For compensation of the Secretary of War, Assistant Secretary, chief of bureau, clerks, messengers, and others employed in the War Department, two hundred and five thousand dollars.

For incidental and contingent expenses of the War Department, one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.

For salary of Commissioner, clerk, and incidental expenses of Indian Bureau, nine thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.

For contingent expenses of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, twenty-five thousand dollars.

For incidental and contingent expenses of the Army, one hundred thousand dollars.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT. -For pay of the Army, seventy-four million two hundred and forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-one dollars.

For disbursements for the pubic service of the Quartermaster's Department, one hundred and twenty-five million seven hundred and fifty thousand and forty-nine dollars.

COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT. -For the purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, in addition to the unexpended balance of the last appropriation, one hundred million dollars.

So much of the appropriation for the Quartermaster and the Commissary Departments as may be necessary may be transferred from one to the other by order of the Secretary of War, for the purpose of paying for supplies impressed or purchased according to the exigencies of the service.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT. -For the ordnance service in all its branches, twenty-five million dollars.

For the niter and mining service, four million three hundred thousand dollars.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT. -For the engineer service, ten million dollars.

MEDICAL DEPARTMENT. -For pay of physicians employed by contract, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of nurse and cooks, not enlisted as volunteers, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital laundress, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For the purchase of medical and hospital supplies, fourteen million eight hundred and twenty thousand dollars.

For the establishment and support of military hospitals, one hundred thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital stewards, one hundred thousand dollars.

For pay of matrons, assistant matrons, and war matrons, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of ward-masters, two hundred thousand dollars.

* * * * *

SEC. 2. That no appropriation made under this act shall be drawn form the Treasury until all unexpended balances standing to the credit of the Department for which the appropriation herein made shall have been exhausted.

Approved June 13, 1864.

