
GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 52.
 Richmond, June 13, 1864.

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to amend the act approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to allow commissioned officers of the Army rations, and the privilege of purchasing clothing from the Quartermaster's Department. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all commissioned officers in the Army and Navy shall be entitled to one ration, and all commissioned officers in the field and afloat, in addition thereto, shall be allowed to purchase from any commissary or other officer required to issue subsistence to soldiers, marines, or seamen, at the prime cost thereof, including transportation, as follows: One ration each for officers of and below the rank of colonel, two rations each for officers of the rank of brigadier-general, major-general, and lieutenant-general; and three rations each for a general; one ration each for commissioned officers of the Navy of and below the rank of commander, and two rations each for officers above the rank.

SEC. 2. That an officer shall not draw or purchase, at any time, more of the component part of a ration than is issued to the private soldier at the same time.

SEC. 3. That nothing contained in this act or the act to which this is an amendment, shall be construed as allowing commutation for rations or as authorizing an officer to receive or purchase rations, except when he requires them for his own use.

SEC. 4. That this act shall continue in force only during the war.

Approved June 7, 1864.

II. AN ACT to provide transportation in kind in certain cases to Members and Delegates in Congress.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That whenever the usually traveled routes between the homes of members of Congress and the Capital are interfered with by the enemy, it shall be the duty of military commanders to facilitate the passage of Members and Delegates going to or returning from Congress, by furnishing transportation in kind for any distances over which they may state in writing they cannot provide themselves with transportation; and such written application, indorsed "furnished," by the party receiving the transportation, shall be accepted as a sufficient voucher for the expenditure of the officer in furnishing the same.

Approved June 8, 1864.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

AN ACT to authorize the manufacture of spirituous liquors for the use of the Army and hospitals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be lawful for the Surgeon-General or the Commissary-General to make all necessary contracts for the manufacture and distillation of whisky, brandy, and other alcoholic and spirituous liquors for the supply of the Army and hospitals upon such terms as may b e conducive to the public interest; and that the said contracts and any heretofore made shall operate as a license to t he contractor to manufacture the same for the purpose aforesaid.

SEC. 2. That the Surgeon-General and the Commissary-General shall be authorized to establish manufactures or distilleries for the purpose of obtaining the supplies aforesaid, and to employ laborers in the same, instead of resorting to contracts, if they shall deem it more prudent to do so.

31 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

