
SEC. 3. That no contractor or party shall, under the license granted by this act, distill or make more alcohol, whisky, brandy or other alcoholic or spirituous liquors than he shall deliver to the government or its agents in fulfillment of his contract or contracts; nor shall it be lawful for any such contractor to sell, or in any way dispose of, otherwise than as said contract or contracts may require, nay alcohol, whisky, brandy, or other alcoholic or spirituous liquors manufactured by him under the license aforesaid; nor shall this act operate as a license to any contractor for any violation of the prohibitions herein contained, when such violation shall be a crime or misdemeanor under the laws of the State in which the same may occur.

Approved June 14, 1864.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce the currency and to authorize a new issue of notes and bonds," approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That instead of six per cent. bonds, authorized to be issued to the States, under the twelfth section of the said act, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and required to issue to any State which may desire the same, one-half of such amount as the said States is entitled to claim in Treasury notes of the new issue, and the other half in said six per cent. bonds; or, at the opinion of the State in coupon bonds, payable in twenty years, with interest at the rate of four per cent. per annum, payable half yearly; the said four per cent. bonds not to be taxable either upon principal or interest; and this provision shall extend to any portion of the amount which such State may be entitled to claim.

Approved June 14, 1864.

AN ACT further to amend "An act to reduce the currency and to authorize a new issue of bonds and notes," approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the above-recited act be further amended, so as to allow States which have funded the Treasury notes of the old issue held by them under the provisions of the "Act to reduce the currency and to authorize a new issue of notes and bonds," approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to exchange the certificates or bonds so received for the new issue of Treasury notes, in the same proportion, and on the same conditions as provided in said act, and the act amendatory thereof, authorizing the exchange of old notes held by the States for notes of the new issue.

Approved June 14, 1864.

AN ACT to amend the tax laws.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the first, second and third sections of the "Act to levy additional taxes for the common defense and support of the Government," approved seventeenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be amended and re-enacted, so as to read as follows, to wit:

SECTION 1. That, in addition to the taxes levied by the "Act to lay taxes for the common defense and to carry on the Government of the

