
and sixty-four, be, and the same is, hereby amended and re-enacted, so as to read as follows: Upon the amount of all gold and silver coin, gold dust, gold or silver bullion, moneys held aborad, or bills of exchange, drawn therefor, promissory notes, rights, credits and scrutinies, payable in foreign countries, five per cent. to be paid in specie, or Confederate Treasury notes, for the purpose of payment under this act, to be fixed by regulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Taxes, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.

SEC. 4. That section sixteen of the "Act to amend an act entitled 'An act to lay taxes for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States," approved a seventeenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, amended, so as to read as follows:

I. The income, property and money, other than Confederate Treasury notes, of hospitals, asylums, churches, schools, colleges and other charitable institutions, shall be exempted from taxation under the provisions of this act, or any other law. The property of companies formed under the act entitled "An act to establish a volunteer navy," shall be exempt from taxation, except on the income.

II. That paragraph six, section seven, of the same act, be, and the same is, hereby amended by adding thereto, as follows:

"If any person shall fail to make due return, as required by said section, of the income or profits taxed under any law of Congress, or in case of disagreement with the assessor, to submit the same to referees, as provided by law, or shall fail or refuse to pay the tax thereon, within such time as shall be prescribed by public notice, by the district collector, under the direction of the Commissioner of Taxes, such shall be deemed and held to be in default: Provided, That such person shall not be deemed and held to be in default, who may fail, or has failed to make payment, or due returns, in consequence of the presence or interference of the enemy, or the absence or neglect of the officers charged with the assessment and collection of taxes. "

SEC. 5. That this act shall not be so construed as to subject to taxation corn, bacon and other agricultural products, which were produced in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and, in the possession of the producer on the seventeenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and necessary for the support of himself and family during the present year, and from or on which taxes in kind have been deducted and delivered or paid.

SEC. 6. That section four, paragraphs none and two, of the act approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to levy additional taxes for the common defense and support of the Government," be so amended as to levy an additional tax of thirty per cent. upon the amount of all profits made by selling the articles mentioned in the said paragraphs, between the seventeenth day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and the first day of July next, which additional tax shall be collected under said act.

SEC. 7. That on all Treasury notes of the old issue, of the denomination of five dollars, not exchanged for new issue prior to the first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and which may remain outstanding on that day, a tax of one hundred per cent. is hereby imposed.

