
AN ACT making additional appropriations for the support of the Government.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Government, in addition to appropriations heretofore made, for the period ending the thirty-first of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

* * * * *

WAR DEPARTMENT. -For compensation of the Secretary of War, Assistant Secretary, chief of bureau, clerks, messenger and other employees, for the period ending thirty-first December, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, two hundred and fifty-eight thousand dollars.

* * * * *

Approved June 14, 1864.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to prohibit the importation of luxuries or of articles not necessaries or of common use," approved February sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That so much of the act entitled "An act to prohibit the importation of luxuries or of articles not necessaries or of common use," approved sixth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as forbids the importation of prepared "vegetables, fruits, meats, poultry and game, sealed or inclosed in cans or otherwise, and brooms and brushes of all kinds," is hereby repealed.

Approved June 14, 1864.

JOINT RESOLUTION declaring the dispositions, principles and purposes of the Confederate States in relation to the existing war with the United States.

Whereas, it is due to the great cause of humanity and civilization, and especially to the heroic sacrifices of their gallant army in the field, that no means consistent with a proper self-respect, and the approved usages of nations, should be omitted by the Confederate States to enlighten the public opinion of the world with regard to the true character of the struggle in which they are engaged, and the dispositions, principles and purposes by which they are actuated:

Therefore,

Resolved by Congress of the Confederate States of America,

That the following manifesto be issued in their name and by their authority, and that the President be requested to cause copies thereof to be transmitted to our commissioners abroad, to the end that the same may be laid before foreign governments:

MANIFESTO OF THE CONGRESS OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA RELATIVE TO THE EXISTING WAR WITH THE UNITED STATES.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America, acknowledging their responsibility to the opinion of the civilized world, to the great law of Christian philanthropy, and to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe, for the part they have been compelled to bear in the sad

