
the great character of American liberty-the right of a free people, when a government proves destructive of the ends for which it was established, to recur to original principles and to institute new guards for their security.

The separate independence of the States, as sovereign and coequal members of the Federal Union, had never been surrendered, and the pretension of applying to independent communities, so constituted and organized, the ordinary rules for coercing and reducing rebellious subjects to obedience, was a solecism in terms as well as an outrage on the principles of public law. The war made upon the Confederate States was, therefore, wholly one of aggression; on our side it has been strictly defensive. Born freemen, and the descendants of a gallant ancestry, we had no option but to stand up in defense of our invaded firesides, of our desecrated altars, of our violated liberties and birthright, and of the prescriptive institutions which guard and protect them. We have not interfered, not do we wish in any manner whatever to interfere, with the internal peace and prosperity of the States arrayed in hostility against us, or with the freest development of their destinies in any form of action or line of policy they may think proper to adopt for themselves. All we ask is a like immunity for ourselves, and to be left in the undisturbed enjoyment of those inalienable rights of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" which our common ancestors declared to be the equal heritage of all parties too the social compact. Let them forbear aggressions upon us, and the war is at an end. If there be questions which require adjustment by negotiation, we have ever been willing, and are still wiling, to enter into communication with our adversaries in a spirit of peace, of equity, and manly frankness. Strong in the persuasion of the justice of our cause, in the gallant devotion of our citizen-soldiers and the whole body of our people, and above all, in the gracious protection of Heaven, we are not afraid to avow a sincere desire for peace on terms consistent with our honor and the permanent security of our rights, and an earnest aspiration to see the world once more restored to the beneficent pursuits of industry and of neutral [mutual] intercourse and exchanges so essential to its well-being, and which have been so gravely interrupted by the existence of this unnatural war in America. But if our adversaries, or those whom they have placed in authority, deaf to the voice of reason and justice, steeled against the dictates of both prudence and humanity, by a presumptuous and delusive confidence in their own numbers or those of their black and foreign mercenaries, shall determine upon an indefinite prolongation of the contest, upon them be the responsibility of decision so ruinous to themselves and so injurious to the interests and repose of mankind. Four ourselves, we have no fear of the result. The wildest picture ever drawn of a disordered imagination comes short of the extravagance which could dream of the conquest of eight millions of people resolved with one mind "to die freemen rather than live slaves," and forewarned by the savage and exterminating spirit in which this war has been waged upon them, and by the mad avowals of its patrons and supporters of the worse than Egyptian bondage that awaits them in the event of their subjugation.

With these declarations of our dispositions, our principles, and our purposes, we commit our cause to the enlightened judgment of the world, to the sober reflections of our adversaries themselves, and to the solemn and righteous arbitrament of Heaven.

Approved June 14, 1864.

