
duty of keeping them filled with proper officers. Every conscript is vaccinated here. A neat hospital with eighteen beds is attached. Employees: One hospital steward, regularly appointed; one clerk, a disabled conscript.

The assistant commissary of subsistence draws his supplies from the district commissary at Raleigh. Ration: One and one-eighth pounds flour, one-third pound bacon or one pound salt fish, the latter two days out of three, one-tenth pound rice, and salt as usual. During the past month two quarts of molasses too the hundred rations have been issued. Employees: Two clerks and one teamster, each a disabled soldier or conscript. A fine garden of twenty acres filled with vegetables will materially improve the fare and contribute to the health of the conscripts this summer. It is cultivated by six conscripts unfit for field service. The men are quarter in log huts. There is abundance of room, but the police of the quarters might be improved. The guard-house is dirty and too confined. It appears that of some 250 conscripts who has been doing duty for two years in Mallett's battalion as a camp guard and supporting force, 100 men without any experience on the water selected the naval service when their temporary organization was disbanded a few weeks since. Thus 100 trained soldiers are lost to the army when every man is needed. I mention the incident, as it may be thought proper to take measures for their transfer to the Army, or for the alteration of the law at the next session of Congress. With the instructions on this subject under which commandants are now acting (issued by General Rains) it is matter of surprise that a single conscript goes to the Army.

Respectfully, submitted.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 16, 1864.

Lieut. Bennett H. Young is hereby authorized to organize for special service a company, not to exceed twenty in number, from those, who, belonging to the service, are at this time beyond the Confederate States. They will be entitled to their pay, rations, clothing, and transportation, but no other compensation for any service which they may be called upon the render. The organization will be under the control of this Department, and liable to be disbanded at its pleasure and the members returned to their respective companies.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 53.
 Richmond, June 17, 1864.

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

(1.)

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of commissaries for regiments of cavalry.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passage of this act, there shall be allowed to each regiment of cavalry

