
in the Army of the Confederate States, one commissary, with the same rank, pay and allowances as are now allowed by law to the quartermaster of such regiment.

Approved May 23, 1864.

(2.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act creating the office of ensign in the Army of the Confederate States. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the above-cited act be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to allow the appointment of an ensign to each battalion of infantry.

SEC. 2. That the said act, and this amendment thereto, shall be understood and construed to apply only to the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

Approved May 31, 1864.

(3.)

AN ACT to furnish transportation to officers of the Army and Navy while traveling under orders.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That officers of the Army and Navy while traveling under orders of the War or Navy Department shall be allowed transportation in kind for themselves and their personal baggage, and ten dollars per day for expenses while necessarily traveling in the execution of their orders.

Approved June 4, 1864.

(4.)

AN ACT provide for the appointment of additional military store-keepers in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be authorized to appoint ten military store-keepers of ordnance in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, in addition to those authorized by act of May first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to provide for the appointment of military store-keepers in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States," five with the pay and allowances of a captain of infantry, and five with the pay and allowances of a first lieutenant of infantry.

SEC. 2. That military store-keepers of the first class, so appointed, shall be required to give the usual bonds in the sum of twenty thousand dollars, and those in the second class, in the sum of ten thousand dollars. This act shall be in force from and after its passage: Provided, That no one shall be appointed under its provisions except persons who were performing the duties of acting military store-keepers prior to January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, or have become incapacitated by wounds or sickness for active service.

Approved June 4, 1864.

(5.)

AN ACT to increase the compensation of the non-commissioned officers and privates of the Army of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passage of this act, the pay of the non-commissioned officers, privates and musicians of the Army of the Confederate States be, and the same is hereby, increased seven dollars per month for the period of one year from the passage of this act.

Approved June 9, 1864.

(6.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to establish a Niter and Mining Bureau," approved April twenty-second, eighteen and sixty-three.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act approved April twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, constitution the Niter and Mining Bureau an independent bureau of the War Department, be amended as follows: That the Niter and Mining Bureau shall consist of one colonel as chief of Bureau, two lieutenant-colonels, six majors, twelve captains, who shall have the same pay allowances prescribed for officers of cavalry of the same grade.

