
SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That chemists and professional assistants, absolutely essential for the operations of the Bureau, not to exceed six of each class, shall be appointed by the Secretary of War, with pay in no case to be above that of lieutenant-colonel of the commissioned corps.

SEC. 3. That this act shall continue in force only during the present war.

Approved June 9, 1864.

(7.)

AN ACT for the payment of commissioners appointed under the act entitled "An a ct to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases," and to confer certain powers upon said commissioners.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the commissioners appointed under the said act shall be entitled to receive the compensation of two hundred and fifty dollars each per month, from the date of their respective appointments, until the expiration of their service; and that their assistants shall be allowed one hundred and fifty dollars per month, from the date of their appointments, respectively, until the expiration of their service.

SEC. 2. That the said commissioners shall have the powers conferred upon commissioners appointed by the district courts by the act of the Provisional Congress, approved thirtieth of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and numbered two hundred and seventy-three, in the acts of the said Congress.

Approved June 9, 1864.

(8.)

AN ACT to provide for the compensation of non-commissioned officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines on detailed service.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all persons detailed from the Army or after enrollment for military service, or from the Navy or Marine Corps, for special duty or extra duty, shall be allowed to receive their regular pay, rations and allowances, as if they were preforming service in the filed.

SEC. 2. That all such detached or detailed men shall be allowed, in addition, not exceeding two dollars per day, and compensation for all extra work, or for any uncommon skill or industry displayed in the performance of duties to which they may be assigned, in proportion to the value of such extra labor or uncommon skill or industry, whether it be in performing an unusual amount of work within the usual hours of labor, or work performed beyond the usual hours, or extraordinary skill and superior workmanship displayed in the execution of such duties, the value of sawed extra labor or uncommon skill or industry, to be determined by the officer or superintendent under whose immediate direction sawed detached or detailed service may be performed, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War or Navy. The additional compensation provided in this section shall be the same for both the War and Navy Departments, under certain rules to be prescribed by the President.

SEC. 3. That all non-commissioned officers, musicians, privates, sailors or marines, detailed to Government contractors, shall be so detailed without pay and allowances, but shall be compensated for their services by wages received from said contractors, under rules to be prescribed by the Secretary of War or of the Navy.

Approved June 9, 1864.

(9.)

AN ACT to organize a corps of scouts and guards to facilitate communication with the Trans-Mississippi Department.

The Congress of the Confederate States do enact, That the President of the Confederate States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one major and four captains to do service as scouts in the Valley of the Mississippi River, or to assign any proper officers for that purpose.

SEC. 2. That the officers thus commissioned shall have authority to raise four companies, to be officered by the President, to be composed of such members and such persons as he may approve, for scout and guard duty for Government transportation across the Mississippi River, under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the War Department.

