
SEC. 3. That the President may detail such officers and men from the Army as he may deem peculiarly qualified for such service.

SEC. 4. That such scouts and guards shall be composed either of infantry or cavalry, or in part of both, at the discretion of the President, and equipped in such manner as will make them most effective, and shall be entitled to the same pay and allowances and be subject to the same regulations as other soldiers.

Approved June 10, 1864.

(10.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to organize military courts to attend the army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts. "

The Congress of the Confederate State of America do enact, That the above-entitled act be so amended that in all instances in which the particular division, corps, district or other subordinate organization, to which a military court is or may be hereafter appointed or assigned, the commander of the army or department may be order, when in his discretion it shall be proper and safe to do so, direct and empower the commander of the subordinate division, corps, district, &amp;c., to pass upon and refer for trial all charges and specifications to come before said court, review and confirm or disapprove the records thereof, transmit the same direct to the War Department, remit or suspend sentences (where lawful) and take all action and exercise all jurisdiction in that behalf which pertains under existing laws to the commander of the army or department.

SEC. 2. That from and after the passage of this act, when any person shall have been tried by any military court or court-martial, and acquitted of the charge or charges preferred, the finding of the court shall be announced immediately, and the person so tried and acquitted, if soldier, shall be released from arrest and returned to duty; and if other than a soldier, discharged from custody without awaiting the examination or report of the reviewing officer of such court.

(11.)

AN ACT to authorize the formation of new commands, to be composed of supernumerary officers, who may resign to join such commands, and to limit and restrict the appointment of officers in certain cases.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President is hereby authorized to grant authority for the organization of companies, battalions or regiments, to be composed of supernumerary officers of the Provisional Army.

SEC. 2. That it shall be lawful for any supernumerary officer to join said organization, or any other company in the Confederate service, which does not exceed the maximum prescribed by law, upon tender to the proper authorities of his resignation for that purpose.

SEC. 3. That the offices left vacant by such resignations shall not be filled, and that hereafter the lowest grade of commissioned officer shall not be filled unless there are upon the rolls of the company for service at least forty-six non-commissioned officers and privates; nor shall the position of senior second lieutenant be filled, in case of vacancy therein, unless there are upon the rolls of the company for service at least thirty non-commissioned officers and privates; nor shall the position of first lieutenant be filled, unless in case of a vacancy there are at least twenty non-commissioned officers and privates on the rolls of the company for service, which fact shall in each case be certified to by the captain of the company and approved by the colonel of the regiment, before such promotion can be made.

Approved June 14, 1864.

(13.)

AN ACT to amend so much of an act entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as relates to the exemption of certain religious denominations.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War shall be authorized to grant exemptions to the members of the various denominations of Christians mentioned in the exemption act of the eleventh of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, who, at that time, belonged to the

