
same, and who were in regular association therewith, upon the terms and conditions specified in that act, or upon such other terms and conditions as he is authorized to allow exemptions or grant details under any of the clauses of the act approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to which this is an amendment.

SEC. 2. That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to revoke any such exemptions under the act aforesaid, when the same have been obtained by any fraud, misrepresentation or error.

Approved June 7, 1864.

(14.)

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of quartermasters and assistant quartermasters and commissaries and assistant commissaries in the Provisional Army in certain cases.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President is hereby authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint, for the Provisional Army, additional quartermasters and commissaries, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant-colonel and major: Provided, That such additional quartermasters and commissaries, with the rank of colonel, shall not exceed the number of military departments and separate armies existing at the time of their appointment; and that the additional quartermasters and commissaries, with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, shall not exceed the number of army corps existing at the time of their appointment; and that the additional quartermasters and commissaries, with the rank of major, shall not exceed the number of divisions of the army existing at the time of the appointment, and for the collection, control and distribution of railroad and field transportation and army supplies, the President may appoint such additional quartermasters and assistant quartermasters and commissaries as may be necessary for the efficient execution of the duties of the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments; and such purchasing agents or transportation agents may be employed as the service may require, who shall not have military rank, and whose compensation shall not exceed the pay of a captain of infantry, and who may be required to give bond for the faithful performance of those duties; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to prohibit the assignment of quartermasters and commissaries, or assistant quartermasters or commissaries to any of the foregoing duties, or to the duty of paying troops: Provided, That all said appointments shall be made from persons who are over forty-five years of age, or who are incapacitated physically for service in the field, or who have been in the service over twelve months, or have been heretofore discharging any of the aforesaid duties: Provided, further, That additional assistant quartermasters and commissaries shall not be appointed, if there are officers already in service who can be assigned to such duties without detriment to the service.

SEC. 2. That it shall be no longer incumbent on the President to appoint or to keep in service an assistant quartermaster, with the rank of captain for each regiment or battalion in the field, but he may assign the quartermaster of any army corps, division, brigade, regiment or battalion, or the commissary of any army, army corps, division or brigade, to duty as quartermaster or commissary elsewhere, and to assign quartermasters, assistant quartermasters, and commissaries and assistant commissaries appointed to posts or depots, or for other duties, to serve with armies, army corps, divisions or brigades in the field, whenever, in his opinion, the public interest will be promoted thereby.

SEC. 3. That in case the services of any regimental quartermaster, or any other quartermaster or assistant quartermaster, or commissary or assistant commissary, appointed under this act, can, in the opinion of the President, be dispensed with, and such officer cannot be otherwise appropriately employed to the public interest, his name shall be dropped from the rolls, and he shall cease to be an officer of the Provisional Army.

SEC. 4. That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint one quartermaster, with the rank of major, for each State, and one assistant quartermaster, with the rank of captain, for each Congressional district in the several States, to execute the duties of the act in reference to the tax in kind: Provided, That the appointments to be made in pursuance of this section, shall be made with the same restrictions and limitations as are set forth in the first provisoction of this act.

Approved June 14, 1864.

