
(15.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to aid any State in communicating with and perfecting records concerning its troops," approved sixteenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the above named act be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to allow to the State officer therein named, the right to purchase forage for one horse in addition to the right grated thereby to purchase one ration, said purchases to be made upon the same the Provisional Army, may be allowed to purchase rations or forage.

Approved May 31, 1864.

(16.)

AN ACT to amend the several acts in regard to chaplains.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint, when in his judgment it may be proper to do so, chaplains to battalions and to general hospitals, who shall receive the same pay and allowances now authorized by law to chaplains appointed to regiments and posts.

Approved May 31, 1864.

(17.)

AN ACT to provide for the appointment of officers with temporary rank and command.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint temporary officers of the rank of brigadier-general, major-general, lieutenant-general or general for the Provisional Army, and assign them to any appropriate command.

SEC. 2. That the said officers, so appointed, shall only hold their said rank and their said command, for such time as the temporary exigency may require, at the expiration of which time they shall resume their previous permanent rank and command.

Approved May 31, 1864.

(18.)

JOINT RESOLUTION to allow sick and wounded officers of the Army transportation to their homes and hospitals accommodations.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That sick and wounded officers on leave, upon certificates of a board of surgeons, be allowed transportation to their homes and back to their commands, as in the case of enlisted men on furlough; the indulgence hereby accorded to continue in force for ninety days after the next meeting of Congress.

Resolved, further, That all sick and wounded officers in the naval and military service shall be entitled to enter any hospital and receive such treatment and rations as now provided by law, free of charge.

Approved June 10, 1864.

(19.)

AN ACT to amend "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved seventeenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to allow all white male residents between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty, who were prevented from enrolling themselves within the time prescribed by the said act, by the occupation of their localities or country by the public enemy, and whose homes are, and have been since the passage of said, act, beyond the lines of the Confederate armies, to organize themselves in pursuance of the sixth section of said act, after their homes or localities are

