
brought within the lines of the Confederate armies; and this privilege shall continue for space of thirty days after the reoccupation is announced by an order issued by the general commanding the department, and published in the military department in which such reoccupation may occur.

Approved June 10, 1864.

(20.)

AN ACT to graduate the pay of general officers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the pay of a general shall be five hundred dollars per month; that of a lieutenant-general, four hundred and fifty dollars per month, and that of a major-general, three hundred and fifty [dollars] per month; that a general commanding an army in the field shall receive in addition to the said sum of five hundred dollars per month, one hundred dollars; and a lieutenant-general, a major-general and a brigadier-general shall, whilst serving in the field, each receive fifty dollars per month, in addition to the sum herein allowed, whilst so serving; and all laws allowing additional compensation for commanding a separate army in the field be, and they are hereby, repealed, except as herein provided; and that this act will be in force for one year and no longer.

Approved June 10, 1864.

(21.)

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint fifty officers of artillery in the Provisional Army for the performance of ordnance duties, in addition to those authorized by the act entitled "An act to authorize the appointment of officers of artillery in the Provisional Army," approved April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and "An act to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties," approved September sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and that the rank of said officers shall be as provided in said last-named act.

Approved June 10, 1864.

(22.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts," approved October ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That so much of the said act as empowers the said military courts to appoint their clerks and marshals, and provides for the payment of the salaries of the said officers, is hereby repealed; and hereafter it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to detail and assign persons to fill said offices from military officers and non-commissioned officers and privates unable to perform duty in the field, and the compensation of such persons shall only be the pay to which they may be respectively entitled by virtue of their military commissions.

Approved June 14, 1864.

(23.)

AN ACT to provide and organize a general staff for armies in the field to serve during the war.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That hereafter the general staff of the Army shall constitute a corps, and staff officers shall no longer, except by assignment, be attached to any particular military organization, or be held to duty at any post; that promotions in said corps shall be by selection, based upon capacity, merit and service, and no one shall be appointed in said corps, unless he has been two years of age, or is unfit for military service in the field.

SEC. 2. That the President is hereby authorized to assign all officers of the staff to such appropriate duties as he may think proper, except that he shall not assign them to commands in the line, unless in cases of emergency, and then only for a short time; and no officer shall be allowed to hold, at the same time, a commission or appointment in the staff and in the line.

32 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

