
SEC. 3. That the President is hereby authorized, upon the application of any general commanding an army in the field, to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, or assign for duty with such general whilst so commanding, a general officer, who shall be charged, under the direction of the general, with the administration of his army; there shall also be allowed to a general, so commanding, two assistant adjutants-general, one chief quartermaster, one chief of ordnance, and one chief commissary, each with the rank, pay and allowances of a colonel of cavalry; a surgeon as medical director, with the pay and allowances of a colonel of cavalry; a surgeon as medical director, with the pay and allowances of a colonel of cavalry; one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a colonel of cavalry; and one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry.

SEC. 4. That to a lieutenant-general commanding a corps d'armee shall be allowed, to be appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, two assistant adjutants-general, with the rank, pay and allowances each of a colonel of cavalry; a chief of ordnance, a chief quartermaster, and a chief commissary, each with the rank, pay and allowances of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry; he shall also be allowed one surgeon, as medical director, to be appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, with the pay and allowances of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry; and to be appointed as above, one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry, and one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a major of cavalry.

SEC. 5. That to a major-general commanding a division shall be allowed, to be appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, two assistant adjutants-general, with the rank, pay and allowances each of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry; one chief of ordnance, one chief quartermaster, and a chief commissary, each with the rank, pay and allowances of a major of cavalry; also a surgeon, with the pay and allowances of a major of cavalry; and one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry.

SEC. 6. That to a brigadier-general commanding a brigade shall be allowed, to be appointed as herein before directed, two assistant adjutants-general and one assistant inspector-general, with the rank, pay and allowances each of a major of cavalry; one surgeon, with the pay and allowances of a major of cavalry; one ordnance officer, with the rank, pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry; one aide-de-camp, with the, pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry; and one aide-de-camp, with the rank, pay and allowances of a first lieutenant of cavalry.

SEC. 7. That the President is hereby authorized to reduce the number of officers allowed by this act to the staff of any general officer, or to increase the same when, in his opinion, the service will be benefitted thereby.

SEC. 8. That all appointments under this act shall be made from those already in service.

Approved June 14, 1864.

(24.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts,'" approved February thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the proviso to said act, and also so much thereof as requires that the judge of the military court in North Alabama shall give ten days' notice of the times and places of holding said courts before the same are held, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

Approved June 14, 1864.

(25.)

AN ACT to amend the laws relating to the commutation value of hospital rations.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the commutation value of rations of the sick and wounded officers and soldiers in hospital or other places, used in camp or the field as hospitals, be fixed at the Government cost of said rations, and one hundred per centum thereon: Provided, That said one hundred per centum on the Government cost of each ration commuted shall constitute a hospital fund, and be drawn and appropriated as the Secretary of War shall deem necessary, to purchase supplies for the use of the sick and disabled of the Army in hospitals.

Approved June 14, 1864.

