
(26.)

AN ACT to promote the efficiency of the cavalry of the Provisional Army, and to punish lawlessness and irregularities of any portions thereof.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the commanding general of an army in the field shall have the power to direct the dismounting of any non-commissioned officer of officer, soldier, or soldiers, in the cavalry service in his command, and to place him or them in the infantry, who shall misbehave before the enemy, or shall be guilty of illegally wasting, spoliating or appropriating to his own use any private property, or of doing any violence to any citizen.

SEC. 2. That the horses belonging to persons so dismounted, and which they may have had in the service, may be taken for the use of the Army, and the appraised value thereof shall be paid to the owner.

Approved June 7, 1864.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, June 17, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I desire respectfully to invite your attention to the copy of a letter* addressed by me to Major Cunningham, and one addressed by General William Bailey to myself. General Bailey is perhaps not only the wealthiest man in this State, but one of the most wealthy and patriotic and generous gentlemen in the Confederate States. In desiring his factory to be permitted to be under his exclusive control, I desire to accomplish important objects-to procure clothing for the families of soldiers and indigent persons; to afford the means of employment and support to many industrious but poor women in making up clothing for the troops, who will otherwise be unemployed and dependent on charity for a support, and to save the Confederate and State government from paying unnecessarily high prices for the making of clothes for the troops. Clothing and shoes I can have furnished at least 50 per cent. cheaper than the S. C. agents are now procuring them. If these reasons are not sufficient I will rescind the contract with General Bailey, that there shall be no impediment to the agent of the Confederate States Government controlling this factory.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 17, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Cannot this factory be left to the execution of the contracts of the State, as well as to work for the Confederate Government, without serious prejudice to your arrangements? This spirit of the Governor's letter commend his wishes to favorable consideration.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

