
that the former had burned their churches in 1844; the Know-Nothing party had proscribed every man who had a Mc or an O to his name during the winter of 1857 and 1858, driving may thousands of families into starvation during the continuance of that short but certainly most severe financial storm which regard throughout the North at that period. failing to accomplish their full purpose at each of these times by reason of the steady opposition of the South, and especially Virginia, where Know-Nothingism met its death, they changed their name and tactics, and by a loud outcry for the negro, for whom they had on real sympathy, but used him as a weapon against both the Irish and the South-their chief aim and object being to free the negro as for as they could, bring him North, put him in competition with the white labor, believing they would work cheaper than the Irish, and, above all, they would not be permitted to vote. The effect of those short conversations, I can assure you, were most happy, and what added point my argument was that many of these men had been driven from places of public employment during the winter of 1857 and 1858 by the Know-Nothing party, which was then in power in the select and common councils of Philadelphia. After the first battle of Manassas, T. F. Meagher came to philadelphia to drum up recruits for his Irish Brigade. He made a capital speech; I feared a telling one. I worked night and day to neutralize his speech. His treatment of the Irish girl aided him in making his escape from Australia, and his subsequent marriage with a Yankee girl, was an admirable argument against him, which I failed not to use every occasion. The result was he obtained but few recruits in Philadelphia-not more than a corporal's guard. I mention these circumstances to show you that the great body of Irish at the North feel a deep interest in our success, more especially in Pennsylvania, where they have been subjected to bitter persecution. Although I am elder in the Presbyterian Church, yet I had conversations with quite a number of Roman Catholic priests at the North, all of whom, with one exception, expressed the utmost confidence and sympathy in our success. Private letters which I received from James A. McMaster, editor of the Freeman's Journal, allude to the efforts which the North were making most cunningly to identify the South with these objectionable parties; a fact that I had noticed such artists, with those who had any knowledge of the subject, would awake only a feeling of indignation and contempt; but we know there are many Irish (those but recently arrived) who would believe the statement; and I have no doubt that the burning of the convent at Charleston, Mass., by a mob has ere this been located at Charleston, S. C.

I owe you an apology for thus troubling you with this communication, but I do it from the best motives for our good. The views generally met the cordial approval of Honorable James A. Bayard, of Delaware and Honorable Charles Brown, of Philadelphia, with the latter of whom I had frequent interviews before I left, March, 1862. In your judgment you may see some plan by which this party might be strengthened and encouraged by some complimentary allusion to the Irish in our Confederacy.

Begging pardon for the liberty I take, I remain, dear sir, your very respectfully,

S. H. HAYES,

C. S. Register's Office.

After writing the above my attention was attracted by a letter from Mr. Smith O'Brien in the Sentinel, which I concluded to read before I

