
[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The understanding of this department, received recently though Mr. Herring, is that this factory will be left by Major Cunningham to work as heretofore on account of the Commissary Bureau and the State of Florida.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

TALLAHASSEE, June 15, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

MY DEAR SIR: You were kind enough to write Major Cunningham a few days ago on the subject of my little factory, and I also request that you write to the Secretary of War on the same subject, for I do not think the Government ought to interfere with the factory. If the factories throughout the Confederacy had done what mine has there would have been no need of complaint; and as Your Excellency is not aware of al its benefits to the State and the Confederacy, I will here give you a little history of the factory from the time it was built by a company of men some ten or twelve years ago. After it had got to work it was managed rather badly, and there was little or no encouragement by the people of the country. In the course of five or six years' working it was known to be in debt about $20,000. The stockholders met and were about to close the concern. I disliked to see it stop, and made an offer to give a certain amount and pay the debts, which was readily acceded to by the balance of the company. I then carried it on myself by an agent, but at a loss, for two years before the war commenced, there being no sale for yarns or osnaburgs of consequence, as the merchants could buy yarns and osnaburgs cheaper in New York than I could make them for, and while being other goods would lay in a supply of those goods, buy cotton, send it on and pay there. After the war commenced there has been a demand for more than the factory could do, but I was not disposed to take advantage, and have kept my prices down to a very low figure, barely enough, as the saying is, to make two ends meet. I have used the factory almost entirely for soldiers' families and for the poorer class of persons in the State, having sent by the bale to the most interior counties to be distributed by the county commissioners to the most needy of each county. There being no cotton card in the country, it has been of greap them in clothing, and have at all times supplied the Government officers with osnaburgs and thread at less than half what they would have had to pay elsewhere, and have also supplies Your Excellency with all the woolen goods the factory has made at very low rates for our soldiers in the field. The difference I think between prices I have sold at and the prices I might [have] sold for since the commencement of the war, I think, would amount to over $300,000; and besides this, I have always contributed liberally in money and other means, for from the act of secession I have felt it my duty to do all in my power to aid every branch of the Government, which I hope my course will show. I dislike to trouble any one so much, but hope you will pardon in this instance.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

WM. BAILEY.

