
RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your application for leave of absence is granted, and I sincerely hope the cause which induces you to ask it will be temporary.

Very truly, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, June 18, 1864. No. 54.

I. The act of Congress providing for the establishment and payment of claims for a certain description of property, taken or informally impressed for the use of the Army, approved June 14, 1864, with accompanying instructions, are published for the information and instruction of all concerned.

AN ACT providing for the establishment and payment of claims for a certain description of property taken or informally impressed for the use of the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to appoint and assign, in each Congressional district and for each Territory, an agent, not liable to military duty in the field, who shall, at stated times, in each county or parish, under the direction of the post quartermaster nearest to him, receive and take proof, under oath, in relation to all claims in said district for forage, provisions, cattle, sheep, hogs, horses, mules, teams and wagons heretofore furnished to the Army by the owner, or heretofore taken or informally impressed for the use of the Army and not yet paid for, by any officer in the military service, or by his order or direction, express or implied, from the use of the property, whether said officer be a line or staff officer, and whether he be a bonded officer or otherwise, and report the facts and transmit the evidence in each case to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury, together with his opinion as to the justice and validity of the claim; and the said accounting officers are hereby authorized to audit and control and order payment of such claims as appear to them to be equitable and just: Provided, That all such claims originating west of the Mississippi River shall be reported to the accounting officers of the Treasury Department established for the Trans-Mississippi Department, who are hereby authorized to audit, control and direct payment of the same in the same manner as the accounting officers of the Treasury east of the Mississippi River. And the said agent is hereby authorized, in taking testimony in regard to said claims, to administer oaths to witnesses, and, if he think proper, to the claimants themselves. The compensation allowed to said agent shall be ten dollars per day while actually engaged in the performance of the duties imposed on him by this act, and thirty cents per mile for every mile actually traveled by him, to be paid under regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of War: Provided, That the Secretary of War may assign to the duty herein mentioned any quartermaster or disabled officer of the Army; and, in that event, said officer or quartermaster shall, in addition to the compensation now allowed him by law, be entitled to mileage at the rate of forty cents per mile: Provided, further, That the Secretary of War may appoint and assign any non-commissioned officer or private to perform the duties under this act who may be unfit for active service in the field because of wounds received or disease contracted in said service, and the pay and allowances of such non-commissioned officer or private, when so appointed and assigned, shall be the same as are allowed to persons so appointed who may not be liable to military service.

SEC. 2. This act shall cease and determine on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, east of the Mississippi River, and on the first day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, west of the Mississippi River; and all claims of the description aforesaid, not presented to the agent aforesaid prior to said dates at the respective places mentioned, shall not be entitled to the benefits of this act.

Approved June 14, 1864.

II. In every Congressional district there will be appointed an agent to perform the duties described in the preceding act of Congress, whose names will be announced in orders, and who, immediately

