
after notice thereof, will proceed to the fulfillment of the duties imposed in the same. He will hold one or more sessions in each county in his district, and give notice of the time and place of holding the same, and of the order of proceeding at, and the probable duration of the session. The operation of the act is limited to a specific time, and each agent is required to take measures for the full performance of its requirements, and for securing to every claimant an opportunity of presenting and proving his just claim.

III. Every claim under this act shall be presented in writing to the agent for the district in which the claimant resides, supported by his oath as to the justice of the same, and by the affidavit of one or more witnesses; and the claimant shall also state by whom his property was impressed or taken, and at what time, and for what purpose, and at what price, and shall produce any written evidence in his possession relative to the same; provided, if the claimant be dead, or be prevented by any cause from appearing before the agent, proof shall be submitted as to the fact, and the occasion therefor; and other proof of the claim may be taken. The exact value of the property must be proved, and non speculative or contingent damages or values are to be assessed.

IV. The agent shall, whenever it may be deemed expedient, examine the claimant and the witnesses orally upon the subject of the claim, and record their testimony.

V. The agents appointed under this act will take the testimony of the various officers of the Army who may have been concerned in the impressment or appropriation of any of the property in reference to which claims shall be made, and will ascertain by what time; and moreover will make special inquiry as to the use which was made of the same, and inquire of all facts pertinent to the subject.

VI. Great care should be taken in the investigations to be made under this act to ascertain the jusy of any claim that may be preferred, and to prevent fraudulent or exaggerated claims from being allowed; and for that purpose all the circumstances connected with the impressment or appropriation or employment of property should be examined. The name, rank, and authority of the officer should be reported, and whatever else that may throw light upon the transaction.

VII. All the powers conferred by this act, and all the duties prescribed by the same, are devolved upon the agents appointed under it; and within the time limited in the act they will make their report to the Second Auditor of the Treasury.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 18, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Governor Brown's exemption must be restricted to the terms of the law, which required a certificate of the necessity of State officers only. See it.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

