
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, June 20, 1864. No. 55.

I. Under the act of Congress entitled an act to organize military courts, &amp; c., approved June 14, 1864 (General Orders, No. 53 - No. 22), military courts will, as soon as practicable, select and report to this office, for assignment as clerks and marshals of those courts, commissioned and non-commissioned officers and privates unable to perform duty in the field. With the report will be forwarded the evidence of the disability of the persons recommended.

II. Company, regimental, brigade, and division commanders will report to the general commanding the army or department any commissioned, non-commissioned officer or private in the cavalry service who misbehaves before the enemy, or who wastes or appropriates to his own use private property or who does violence to any citizen.

The general commanding will take action (under General Orders, No. 53 - No. 26) upon the report, and forward his order in each case, with a statement of the facts, for the information of the Department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 22. Richmond, Va., June 21, 1864.

I. The status and functions of the "temporary boards" seem to be generally misapprehended by the officers of conscription and the public. The persons composing these boards are selected after their enrollment from the most reliable and intelligent citizens of each county between the ages of forty-five and fifty years. Their status is that of private soldiers who are detailed for the performance of the duties devolved upon them. These duties are simply to obtain the information for the enrolling officer that may be needed in the discharge of his duties, and, when required, to give him their written opinion. Their reports are made to him. They are not invested with any independent powers, but are merely charged with aiding the local enrolling officer in the mode prescribed in Circular No. 8, Bureau of Conscription, current series. The local and Congressional district enrolling officers are expressly required to supervise the action of these "boards," and will be vigilant to see that they faithfully perform their duties and to prevent their exercising any independent power or authority. The enrolling officer is charged by the circular aforesaid with the careful and thorough investigation of every case, and required to report the facts developed in the investigation. The organization of the "temporary boards" was not designed to relieve him of any part of this duty, but simply to aid him in its proper discharge. The Bureau will hold him strictly responsible for the action taken in every case.

II. The certificate to be furnished by the head of the department where details for contractors are applied for will be procured when the case is forwarded to this Bureau for final action, and need not be required by the enrolling officers as precedent to their action.

By command of Brigadier Gen. J. S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

