
SALISBURY, N. C., June 22, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I reached Raleigh on the 16th instant, and at once entered upon the duty assigned me - the inspection of the conscription service in this State. My attention in that city was particularly directed to the organization of the office of the commandant of conscripts, the amount and dispatch of business passing through it, the organization of the reserve forces recently called out, and the camp of instruction near the town. Colonel Peter Mallett is the commandant for the State. He is immediately assisted, as appears by the accompanying list, by four officers and nine clerks. Two of the latter are able-bodied conscripts. Lieutenant Parish has charge of the department of applications for detail and the orders consequent thereon. The act of Congress of February 17, by making the Government the custodian and director, to a large extent, of the agricultural and industrial interests of the country, has given immense expansion to this class of business. The applications for detail are almost as numerous as the persons enrolled. For many of these the office at Raleigh is only the channel of communication with the Bureau at Richmond, but it must always be ready to account for any petition. Hence an elaborate system of registration is rendered necessary. There are over 100 applications for detail or renewal of detail daily. They consist generally of a recital of the claim and circumstances of the party, a report upon the case by a board of citizens, and the indorsements of the county and district enrolling officers. It is the duty of Lieutenant Parish to examine each petition carefully and to make such indorsements for Colonel Mallett's signature as may be prescribed in cases covered by general rules. In cases of doubt the indorsement is dictated by the commandant. The papers are then to be recorded. Three clerks find constant employment in this work. One book contains the applications for agricultural details, another those based upon the ground of public necessity, and a third those of contractors, Government officers, &amp; c. Three hundred and nine applications of the first class were made in the week ending June 18; 431 of the second class have been made since April 25; thirty of the third class since June 5. I do not think one officer can make these investigations with the patient care which is essential, and yet with the dispatch so necessary to a proper conduct of the office, and I am therefore inclined to agree with Colonel Mallett in the opinion that another should be assigned to have exclusive charge of agricultural details.

Besides investigating such applications going forwardish issues all orders, making the details when approved, and supervises the reports of detailed men required by law of railroad companies, and all other business specially relating to this class of persons. This officer seems well fitted for his work. Lieutenant Hardin distributes the mail matter as it arrives to the proper officers, issues all general instructions to enrolling officers and miscellaneous special orders, and performs the duties of adjutant of the post of Raleigh, of which Colonel Mallett is commandant. He seems to be kept busy all the time. Lieutenant Jones writes letters for the commandant, has his desk in the reception office, and disposes of all the verbal applications not requiring the attention of Colonel Mallett. He is also charged with the preparation of the regular returns and reports. There seemed to be sufficient work of this sort to keep him

