
constantly employed. Captain Cowper has charge of everything relating to the apprehension and return of deserters and other absentees without leave. Each application for the return of an absentee is recorded and then referred to the proper officer. When the paper comes back the final disposition of the man is noted in the record book. Some 7,000 such applications have been returned to commanding officers with the information required. I shall have occasion to call attention to the practical working of this system in my reports upon the district and county offices. A clerk has charge of all business relating to the detail or exemption of free negroes. Colonel Mallett's time is occupied with the supervision of these officers, the decision of the more difficult cases, the reception of numerous applicants in person, and the general direction of the conscription service in the State. I passed three days in his office in studying its organization and familiarizing myself with the kind and amount of business transacted. The various duties are judiciously distributed, the necessary records are kept, and the work appears to be faithfully and well done, though without much claim to clerical elegance. I have never seen bureau officers or clerks more steadily engaged, and yet in one department at least the business appeared to be largely behindhand. The improvements to be effected in this part of the service would appear to be these:

First. Such an increase of the staff in the commandant's office as will make it possible each day to dispose of all business accumulating the day before.

Second. The enforcement of a more rigid accountability upon district and county officers for the prompt return of all papers referred to them for investigation and opinion.

These beneficial changes, however, would be but little felt without corresponding dispatch in the Bureau of Conscription. My reports upon the district and county offices will showngth of time usually elapses between the forwarding of a petition for detail in the country and the reception of the final decision from Richmond. Part of this delay, but not all, is due to our imperfect means of communication. The generality of papers, I am inclined to think, in this branch of the service can be acted upon immediately by each successive officer, after passing through the county office, because they contain within themselves the data for a decision. This, then, is the point to be reached, and in my opinion the present system of conscription, with its vast and necessary complication of paper work, will never be in satisfactory operation till some tolerable approximation to it is gained.

The act of Congress creating the reserves was approved February 17, 1864. General Orders, No. 33, directing their enrollment, bears date March 15. Circular No. 8, of the Bureau, enforcing this order, is dated March 18. This circular was received in Raleigh on the 26th of March, and on the 28th Colonel Mallett issued orders thereupon to district officers. The notices issued by the latter, prescribing the days for enrollment in some of the districts, were as follows: Fifth (Raleigh) District: The notice is dated April 6 (a delay of more than a week), and fixes the first day of enrollment in one of the counties on April 18 and the last in another on June 30. Sixth (Greensborough) District: Notice dated April 6. First day of enrollment, May 2; last, June 20. Third (Goldsborough) District: Notice dated April 3. First day of enrollment, April 12; last, May 31. Tenth

