
(Asheville) District: Notice dated May 12. First day of enrollment, June 5 ; last, July 26. On April 11 Colonel Mallett directed that the reserves should be at once assembled at the county seats, enrolled, and organized. Subsequently it was determined to organize the two classes separately, and on May 10 district officers were ordered to assemble the Junior Rict headquarters for immediate organization. On May 23, before this order could be executed, the commandant directed that this class should be sent immediately to the following rendezvous for organization: Second and Third Districts to Goldsborough; Fourth District to Wilmington; Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth to Camp Holmes, Raleigh; Ninth District to Camp Vance, Morganton; Tenth District to Asheville. This was done, and the organization is now nearly complete. About 2,700 have been collected and formed into companies and battalions, and it is supposed the force will be increased to 3,000.

This brief sketch will perhaps illustrate some of the delays inseparable from the system of conscription and others which might have been avoided by greater diligence. The organization of the Senior Reserves is now going forward, and its progress will be indicated in my reports upon the district offices. A report of the inspection of Camp Holmes accompanies this communication. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

HDQRS. ASSISTANT COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,
August 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Adjutant-General for consideration of Honorable Secretary of War.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 17, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The delays within referred to, by which many valuable men are withheld from the ranks at critical periods, were referred to in my report of inspections made at Camp Lee and of enrolling officers in this city.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* See June 16, p. 490.

---------------

