
currency has again greatly depreciated and our people become demoralized. There was no necessity, and there never was any, for this trade. The necessity urged in its behalf is that of food and clothing. It never existed. In the fall of 1862 the people in the county were making almost enough cloth to supply the demand. It was cloth of the best quality, such as any gentleman could wear. A large number of looms had been started and more were being put up. Everyone seemed willing to wear homespun, and nearly everyone did wear it. From the quantity of cloth in market I doubt not that in a short time the wants of the people would have been fully met. As soon as the trade was permitted with Baton Rouge the looms stopped and homespun went out of fashion. The cloth made in the county sold in our own currency at $ 5 per yard. People preferred going to Baton Rouge and giving $ 15. The disposition to traffic became a mania until a large portion of our people were entirely corrupted. Our currency fell as low as fifteen for one in Federal paper. On the arrival in this department of Colonel J. S. Scott this trade was stopped. Our currency at once went up, and sold at five to one in Louisiana bills, which were then at a premium. Confidence was being re-established and the prices of everything came down. I have stated there was no necessity for the trade, so far as clothing was concerned, and I give you the above facts in proof of it, together with the certificate of J. M. Bell, postmaster at this place. There never was any necessity for the trade arising from a scarcity of provisions. The county could have supported itself. To my own knowledge there has been more meat in it than there ever had been during any two years of peace. The supply of corn and potatoes was most ample. To be sure, there was no flour, or coffee, or canvased hams, or sardines, all of which were bought out of Baton Rouge when the trade revived. In 1863, when the trade was fairly opened, the cry was a want of provisions. Since then we have had an addition to our army here of about 1,500 men, and I refer you to the statement of Captain Cammack, commissary, as to the manner in which the whole army is now supported. They live on the provisions raised in the county. The necessity for trading with the enemy has been in every instance fictitious and false. The consequences have been desertions, and if it is allowed to continue it will work the ruin of our people. It should be stopped at once, and I appeal to you, in the name of God and our country, to stop it at once. The order should be imperative and peremptory. No discretion should be allowed any officer here, because such are now the falsehood and fraud among the people that the best of officers, if allowed any discretion, will be deceived by their representations.

The State [Legislature] of Louisiana at its last session passed an act to purchase cotton cards for the people. Under this act an agent has been appointed, and a permit has been given to him to take into the enemy's lines 1,000 bales of cotton. I beg leave to call your attention to the working of this policy. Cotton is now selling in New Orleans at $ 1 per pound. Cotton cards, as they are now brought out, in sheets, sell at $ 1 per pair. Suppe price and put them at $ 2 per pair. At the last general election in Louisiana there were polled about 43,000 votes. At present, New Orleans and the adjacent parishes being in the hands of the enemy, the actual voters in the State do not exceed 20,000. There are, therefore, about 20,000 families in the State needing cotton cards. These cards, at the prices above stated, would cost at an outside figure $ 40,000, and 1,000 bales of cotton, worth $ 400,000, are to go into the hands of the enemy,

