
I am advised, however, that such is not the construction given to the law by many Senators, and I so far conform to their views as to give the Senate an opportunity to advise the Executive in relation to the appointment of this officer.

This statement was also necessary in explanation of the proposal that General Lawton's rank should date from the 13th of April, 1861, that being the date of his present commission of brigadier-general in the Provisional Army.

Since the foregoing message was written I observe by the published proceedings of the Senate that it has adopted the following resolutions:

Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, A. C. Myers is now Quartermaster-General of the C. S. Army, and is by law authorized and required to discharge the duties thereof.

Resolved, That A. R. Lawton is not authorized by law to discharge the duties of said office.

Refraining from any further remark on these resolutions than the expression of my conviction that they are not sustained by the Constitution or the law, their passage enforces the propriety of submitting to you the nomination which accompanies this message.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[JANUARY 27, 1864. -For Vance to Davis, requesting permission to publish correspondence between them on subject of peace negotiations with the enemy, and Davis' reply (30th), see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 814.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbia, January 27,1 864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor on the 19th of December last to inclose you and request your attention to a resolution of the Legislature as to the Government foregoing the right heretofore exercised of shipping cotton and bringing freight on the boats of the Importing and Exporting Company of South Carolina in consequence of the ownership of the State of a part of these boats. The resolution seems to explain itself. I have not yet received a reply. I inclose copies both of the act on the subject and the resolution,* and ask leave to introduce to your acquaintance Mr. Charles M. Furman, president of the bank of the State, who will present to you the views of the Legislature in passing the act and resolution, as well as my own, as to the importance to the Confederate Government and the State of the proposed relinquishment. He is fully authorized to act in the premises. It will be my object to import mainly army supplies and agricultural implements-the former to relieve as far as practicable the Confederate Government and keep the troops from this State well equipped for service, and the latter to keep the citizens supplied with the implements for raising subsistence for themselves and the troops in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

---------------

*Copy of act not found. For the resolution, see VOL. II, this series, p. 1060.

---------------

