
ostensibly to pay for these cards. The case needs only to be stated. But this is not the worst of it. This cotton, as soon as it reaches New Orleans, is sold at public auction, and the Federal Government is always the highest bidder. The reason of this is that the Federal Government must have sterling in Europe to pay the interest upon its debts there.

From the statement above given you will perceive that the amount of cotton shipped under permit will immensely exceed the value of the articles needed by our people, and thus while attempting to relieve the wants of the Confederacy we are relieving the wants of our enemies in a tenfold greater degree. The remedy for this great evil is simple:

First. Let the goods needed be brought in and delivered to a military officer of our Government at prices agreed upon.

Second. Let an order then issue to one of our cotton agents for a sufficient number of bales of cotton to pay for these goods.

Third. Let the party who receives the cotton produce a receipt from the collector of customs that the export duty upon this cotton has been paid, and upon this showing let the military officer here grant a safe-conduct to the cotton. In this way no more cotton will go out than is needed for the articles received.

Permit me to say, in conclusion, that Colonel J. S. Scott has given entire satisfaction to all loyal citizens in this section. He has done more in the short time he has been here to restore order and loyalty than all officers who had preceded him.

As I have not the honor of your personal acquaintance, you will pardon me for saying that I have been acting as receiver for Confederate States for the whole of Eastern and Southern Louisiana from the beginning of the war, and was lately district judge of this district. What I have written I believe to be true, and it is written with the purest of motives.

Believe me, very truly, your obedient servant,

JNO. MCVEA.

RICHMOND, June 24, 1864.

Colonel H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond:

SIR: In reply to a letter I wrote to the Adjutant-General asking if Marylanders were entitled to their discharge at the expiration of their term of enlistment, you inclosed me the Secretary's decision as follows:

The privilege of being transferred to the Maryland Line will be cheerfully given to these Marylanders. Thus an opportunity will be given them to voluntarily enlist with companies for the redemption of their State. In other respects they surely ought not to complain that they are not on a footing with all other citizens or residents. The law is plain as to residents, and it must be admitted that they are residents of the Confederacy for an indefinite period; that is, for the war, at least.

On the 16th instant I called at the office of the Adjutant-General and told you of the object of my visit; that I was in receipt of communications by mail and telegram from the very class of Marylanders referred to in the decision of the Honorable Secretary quoted - men who had left Baltimore to defend Charleston in the spring of 1861, whose terms of service had expired, and who had applied to be transferred to the Maryland Line in conformity to General Orders, No. 38, from the War Department, and who complained in the communica-

