
for demanding their discharge, and at my instance they resumed their duty with the promise that they should be transferred to the Maryland Line. What makes this case more remarkable and seemingly harder is the fact that at the beginning of our troubles, when the Charleston people first apprehended conflict in Febrppeal was made to Maryland in her behalf, and her officers visited Baltimore to get volunteers for the defense of that city. These were the men who with others to the number of some 500 or 600, as I learned - many of whose remains now lie buried in the defenses about that city - first responded to that appeal, and history will tell how bravely they did their duty, and they don't ask (decimated though their numbers be) to quit the service, but to be dealt with fairly in accordance with the wishes and purposes of the President, to be allowed to fight side by side with the men of their own State - a privilege secured to citizens of all the States having a Congressional representation and intended by law to be accorded to Marylanders.

In writing thus plainly I desire you to understand that it is in no spirit of captiousness, still less with purpose of disrespect to the Honorable Secretary or any of the agents of the Department, and I may safely say from no selfish purpose of any kind. I know that I am above any imputation of that sort in the estimation of all high-minded men of Maryland who hold the honor of their State in due estimation, and hence feel that I can afford to speak with frankness on the affairs of that State.

In appointing General Elzey to command the Maryland Line, I think I know that it was done to put at rest a point that has been a constant bone of contention among aspiring emigrants from that State, and interfered very considerably with the organization and usefulness of the Maryland people. Notwithstanding the appointment of General Elzey, the name of another officer has appeared almost daily in the Richmond press signed officially as the "Commanding officer of the Maryland Line," which has served to create a feeling of distrust as to the future of that organization.

And I deem it proper also to advert to a fact that may or may not be within your knowledge - that an enlisted man has been detailed from Colonel Johnson's command to the Department and placed in charge of applications for transfer to Camp Howard, and that applications made at the same time and from the same regiments for transfer to the camps (Howard and Maryland) have in the cases of those for Camp Howard been promptly granted, whilst those wishing to go to Camp Maryland are unnoticed. Such I am sure you will agree with me was no part of the purpose of the President, and hence I conclude that there is some influence actively at work to defeat the proper organization of the Maryland Line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. KANE.

P. S. - I inclose for your information a copy of my last letter from Charleston referred to.

G. P. K.

[Inclosure.]

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, S. C., June 18, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE P. KANE:

SIR: We received your very kind letter, through Lieutenant Reveley, and were satisfied we would get our transfer to Virginia in a few days, but our hopes now are all vanquished. We have been transferred from the city to this island, and here our adjutant presented a writing to

