
us to sign to the effect that we did not desire a transfer, but wished to remain here. Not one in our regiment signed it, but he told some of us that we need not expect a transfer, and he would do all that was in his power to stop us from going. General Jones sent his assistant adjutant-general to see us about it. He did not see one of us in this regiment, but went to two Dutchmen in the infantry band, and another man belonging to the infantry, formerly from Washington City, who agreed to remain here. General Ripley now says that there are no more Marylanders to be sent on, and there are only a few Irish and Dutch who are dissatisfied and want to leave here. Captain Feilden, General Jones' assistant adjutant-general, did not consult one of us, and we are satisfied now that it is the officers in command here who are determined to do all in their power to keep us from going and defeat the orders of the Government. We are very much dissatisfied here, and since making the application for transfer we are treated very indifferently by the officers in command. We appeal to you, sir, to use your influence to the utmost, as we are afraid they will defeat us from getting off. There are between twenty and thirty of us on this island who are very anxious to get among our friends and relations in the old Maryland Line, and all the bounty which they are offering, and persuasion they are offering, cannot induce us to stay here with them. Our best wishes for your welfare and happiness.

Very respectfully,

JOHN E. CHAMBERS,

RICHARD BRISCOE,

THOMAS KANE,

WILLIAM HELMSLEY,

MICHAEL DONAHOE,

First Regiment South Carolina Artillery,

Company D, Captain McM. King.

[JUNE 24, 1864. - For Seddon to Bonham, in regard to the reserve forces of South Carolina remaining at home, see Series I, VOL. XXXV, Part II, p. 539.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 25, 1864.

Major Gen. S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am much interested that the cotton held by the Treasury Department, in small lots, contiguous to the railroads, or navigable streams in Mississippi and Alabama, or in exposed positions, should be transported to Mobile, from whence it may be shipped for Government account, or to some place where it may be put in order with new bagging and rope. You will therefore please direct all officers within your command to afford to the Treasury agents all possible facilities of transportation. Now that the crops are laid by, there will be less difficulty in procuring necessary labor and teams. The preservation of all the Government cotton scattered through these States is of the utmost importance, and I desire you to render to the Treasury agents all the facilities and assistance you can.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

33 R R - SERIES IV, VOL III

