
CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPT., BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 24. Richmond, Va., June 27, 1864.

The following communication has been received from the War Department relative to the act of Congress, No. 13, approved June 7, 1864, and published in General Orders, No. 53, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, and entitled "An act to amend so much of an act entitled 'An act to organize forces to serve during the war,'" approved February 17, 1864, as relates to the exemption of certain religious denominations:

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION:

The attention of the Bureau is called to the act of Congress, approved June 7, 1864, and entitled an act to amend so much of an act to organize forces to serve during the war, approved February 17, 1864, as relates to the exemption of certain religious denominations. This act is published in Orders, No. 53 (No. 13).

The privilege conferred by the act extends to all persons who belonged to the religious denominations mentioned in the act of October, 1862, at the date of that act, and who are now liable to conscription under the act of February, 1862.

The testimony required by the General Orders, No. 82, will be sufficient to ascertain the claim of the applicant for exemption, and the same course of proceeding as to the payment of the tax can be adopted under this act as was used under the act of October referred to. It is understood that a large addition has been made too these denominations since the enactment of October, 1862, from families not previously connected with them. This has been a cause for distrust and probably led to the adoption of the precise language of the act.

The Department has exercised a liberal indulgence in favor of those who held or were supposed to hold conscientious scruples upon the subject of bearing arms, but there is no reason for affording any countenance to efforts to avoid the performance of public duty by hypocritical pretenses of a religious belief, which has no root in the conscience or influence upon the conduct.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

The attention of conscription is specially directed to the foregoing communication from the Department as furnishing the rules and principles by which they will be guided in dealing with persons within military age who are members of the religious denominations referred to in the said act.

II. The sale to the Government or to the families of soldiers at prices fixed by the commissioners of the State under the impressment act of the marketable surplus remaining after furnishing the Government with the stipulated quantity of provisions and which he may raise from year to year, while his exemption continues, is made by the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, one of the conditions of exemption allowed to an overseer or agriculturist. A claim is asserted by some of those exempted as agriculturists to exchange such part of the aforesaid surplus as they may please for supplies of provisions, clothing, and the like, to be consumed in family use, and to sell to the Government or the families of soldiers only what may remain of such surplus after making said exchanges.

This claim is in violation of law and of their contract with the Government and cannot be allowed.

Upon satisfactory evidence being furnished that persons exempted as overseers or agriculturists have or are thus disposing of their surplus productions by exchange as aforesaid, enrolling officers will arrest all such persons, forward them to their nearest camps of instruction, to be retained there until final action shall be taken and announced in their cases, and forward through the proper channels

