
of communication to this Bureau a report of all the facts and circumstances of each case.

Every agriculturist or overseer upon receiving his certificate of exemption should be informed that the action indicated above will be taken in the event of his not disposing of his marketable surplus in accordance with the requirements of law.

By command of Brigadier Gen. John S. Preston, superintenDUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 27, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: At the late session of Congress a law was passed requiring the appointment of a commissioner for each Congressional district to receive and take proof in relation to claims for property informally impressed for the use of the Army and not yet paid for. These positions should be filled by persons of well established character for loyalty and justice. In the adjustment of such claims all the feelings would be enlisted against the Government and in favor of the claimants, and the appointees should possess sufficient firmness to resist their sympathies and deal equitably with both the individual and the Government. I am desirous of making these appointments as early as possible and shall be pleased to receive from you any suggestions which will aid me in selecting suitable persons in Georgia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., June 27, 1864.

Surg. S. E. CHAILLE,

Ocmulgee Hospital, Macon, Ga.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, and in reply have to state for your information that the Secretary of War authorizes payment for negroes at the rate of $ 400 per annum, considering that sum not more than equal to $ 300 with clothing. You cannot allow owners of negroes to draw the commutation for their rations, they agreeing to feed them. Such policy would result in the negroes stealing supplies from the hospitals; and besides, General Orders, No. 25, require surgeons in charge to draw this commutation and expend it. If, with the additional $ 100 allowed, negroes cannot be retained with their owners' consent, they must be impressed into service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

