
[JUNE 27, 1864. - For S. D. Lee to Davis, requesting that certain reserve forces in Mississippi, Alabama, and East Louisiana be called into active service, and indorsements thereon, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 679.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 29, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

Experience of the mischiefs resulting in many ways from authority to raise new organizations within the enemy's lines, concurring with the President's fixed opinion, constrains me to withhold the authority you ask in your telegram of 25th. * Every effort should be made to conscribe and assign to old organizations men of military age whenever accessible.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE B. HODGE:

(Care of H. R. Davis, Woodville, Miss.)

Abuses are said to exist in relation to trade in cotton, involving the public property and Government officers. Make investigation in regard to it in the region of your inspection.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[JUNE 29, 1864. - For Anderson to Bragg, in relation to the organization and employment of Florida reserves, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 345.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, June 30, 1864. No. 57.

I. Persons between eighteen and forty-five years of age will not be permitted to hold office in the reserve forces unless they are physically unfit for active duty or permanently exempt from field duty.

II. Staff officers for the reserve forces will be appointed from that class, or assigned from the lists of retired or supernumerary officers.

III. Men detailed from the Army will constitute a portion of the reserve forces at the posts where they are serving, and will do duty with them when the reserves are called into active service.

IV. The appropriation made by the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, for the pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, privates, and clerks, including current and extraordinary expenses, in the conscription service, will be drawn from the Treasury upon requisitions in the usual form, made by the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription in favor of such bonded officers as may be designated by him.

V. Funds will be placed in the hands of such quartermasters attached to the conscript service in each State as may be deemed

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

