
expedient by the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription, and will be disbursed upon similar vouchers, and, as near as may be, according to the forms and regulations prescribed for the Quartermaster's Department. All returns, vouchers, reports, accounts current, abstracts, and summary statements connected with the disbursement of these funds will be forwarded to the Bureau of Conscription at the stated periods and in the manner and form prescribed by the general regulations of the Quartermaster's Department.

VI. All accounts for pay of officers, clerks, and employees, and for current and extraordinary expenses of the conscription service, will be paid only upon the order or approval of the commandant of conscripts for the State wherein such accounts and expenses may be incurred, or upon the order or approval of the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription.

VII. The compensation and commutation or other allowances of officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the Army who may be detailed for service under the orders of the Bureau of Conscription will be paid, as heretofore, by quartermasters, out of the appropriation for pay of the Army and the service of the Quartermaster's Department.

VIII. The superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription will establish such additional special regulations as he may deem necessary for the instruction and control of disbursing and other officers of the conscript service in the disbursement of the appropriation for that service.

IX. When a command is ordered away or separated from the commissary of subsistence under whom a hospital fund has accrued, he will turn over the fund to the commissary or acting commissary of such command.

X. Paragraph VIII, General Orders, No. 125, 1863, is hereby revoked. Commanding officers of regiments, battalions, &amp; c., will cause to be made out on the 1st and 15th of each month a roll of all deserters and absentees from their commands and forward the same, through the proper channels, to Brigadier Gen. John S. Preston, superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription. The roll will embrace the company and regiment to which the deserter or absentee belongs, the county in which he resides, where it is supposed he may be found, and such other information as may lead to his prompt arrest. This order will not apply to commands in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

XI. The reserve forces of the several States are under the permanent direction and control of the general officers respectively assigned to their command by the President. Department, district, and other commanders of the active forces may have, for the time being, the direction of the military movements of such reserve forces as may be turned over to their command for service, but are forbidden to disband those forces, or otherwise interfere with any matters pertaining to their permanent organization, except with the concurrence of the general commanding the reserves of a State.

XII. When no longer required for service with the active forces the reserve troops will be immediately turned over to the commander of reserves for the State.

XIII. General officers commanding reserves for the several States will be held responsible in all matters relating to the efficiency and permanent organization of their commands.

XIV. Leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve troops, except by the general commanding the reserves for the States

