
to which they belong, or in accordance with regulations prescribed in his orders; but leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve forces serving in the field if, in the judgment of department commanders, it be incompatible with the public safety to grant them.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 25. Richmond, Va., June 30, 1864.

Commandants of conscripts will forthwith communicate to enrolling officers these instructions, made by order of the Secretary of War:

In the class of reserves enrolling officers will under no circumstances receive applications for or grant details until after the organization of the companies and the transmission of the rolls to the general commanding the reserves, and then only under instructions from said generals commanding.

By a decision of the Secretary of War the jurisdiction of the conscript authorities over the classes of reserves extends simply and exclusively to granting exemptions prescribed by the act of Congress entitled "An act to organize forces to serve during the war. "

These exemptions are provided for in the tenth section of said act, but there shall be excluded from these exemptions thus authorized to be granted in the reserve classes all contained in the last clause of the fourth paragraph of said section from the words "in addition to the foregoing exemptions" to the conclusion of said fourth paragraph.

Except as herein specified, in all matters pertaining to the reserve classes enrolling officers, by order of the Secretary of War, are to obey the orders of generals commanding reserves, but no enrolling officer, under any plea, will be held to be excused from the full performance of his regular duties prescribed by and under the orders of this Bureau, and no assertion that duties under orders of the general commanding reserves have prevented the due performance of other duties will be accepted by this Bureau. The Secretary of War has directed all details heretofore granted inconsistent with these instructions will be promptly revoked and the men placed on the company rolls.

Paragraph XIV of Circular No. 8, Bureau of Conscription, current series, is hereby revoked.

By command of Brigadier Gen. J. S. Preston:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE --, 1864. - For Claybrook, Straughan, and Brent to Davis, soliciting the exemption of Northumberland County, Va., from further conscription on condition of serving in companies for home defense, and indorsements thereon, see Series I, VOL. XL, Part II, p. 704.]

