
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., January 28, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolution of the House of Representatives, referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this House whether authority has been granted by the War Department to any person or persons to raise new companies, battalions, or regiments of troops since September 27, 1862, in portions of the country in which the conscript law has not been suspended by the President; and further, if such authority has been granted, to whom and in how many instances it has been granted, and how many companies, battalions, or regiments have been raised under such authority.

In response I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter from the Adjutant-General, stating that the records of his office do not show any authority granted to raise troops of conscript age except in localities where the operation of the conscript law has been suspended, or from the control of the enemy it cannot be enforced. All special authorities to raise troops have been issued through he office of the Adjutant-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, January 28, 1864.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: In response to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 12th instant, requesting to be informed whether authority has been granted by the War Department to any person or persons to raise new companies, battalions, or regiments of troops since September 27, 1862, in portions of the country in which the conscript law has not been suspended by the President, I have the honor to inform you that the records of this office do not contain any authority to raise troops of conscript age except in localities where the operation of the conscript law has been suspended.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 23,1 864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

On the 19th of October last I addressed you a letter, inclosing a copy of a circular from Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Lay, acting chief of the Bureau of Conscription, in which I objected to the order as unlawful, and in support of my objection I inclosed you a copy of a the opinion of Judge Halyburton, of the Confederate district court, in the case ex parte Lane. To this letter you made no answer.

On the 17th of November last I addressed you another letter, inclosing a copy of a letter from the Honorable Waller R. Staples to this Department, and a copy of a letter from sundry other persons to him, presenting a case of gross violation of the law and contempt of the

