
tive engines for railroads, and says that though working at night and on Sunday he cannot fill the orders sent him for munitions of war.

These reports possess special interest at this time, when we are informed by the proprietors of the Tredegar Works that they cannot furnish us with gun-iron, the Grace furnace having been destroyed by the enemy.

The weight of the guns now employed in our land works renders their removal upon the withdrawal of troops impracticable; and should we be compelled to retire from Richmond the largest portion of such guns in the Confederacy would necessarily be lost. These considerations suggest the importance of having a supply of such guns distributed at many points. There is not a spare one in the Confederacy.

The reports of the enemy's naval officers commanding iron-clad ships concur with the results of our own experiments in showing that the heavy navy rifles are the most effective ordnance yet used against those vessels. Their range and accuracy are very satisfactory; and, while some of them have been fired without visible strain from 500 to 1,500 times in conflict, none of them have burst when properly handled. In establishing the battery at Howlett's recently we were compelled to remove one VII-inch rifle from Drewry's Bluff - the only one at that point - and one from the gun-boat Drewry; and the gun which was dismounted in this battery by the enemy still remains unbanded for the want of mechanics to do the work.

Under these circumstances I have the honor to suggest that a board of army and navy officers be directed to ascertain and report the number and class of mechanics required to develop the full power of the public shops employed upon munitions of war, and that details to meet these demands be made from conscript camps or the Army.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVAL STATION,

Charlotte, N. C., May 5, 1864.

Commander JOHN M. BROOKE,

Chief Bureau Ordnance and Hydrography, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 2d instant, directing me to inform you more clearly of the necessity of detailing additional mechanics to be employed in these works, I have to state that a number of our most important tools are idle a large portion of the time for the want of mechanics to work them, and some of these tools, the steam hammer for instance, are the only tools of their class in the Confederacy, and many of the large forgings required in the building and arming of war vessels can only be made with the assistance of these tools.

In addition to this there are now six locomotives on the railroads between Wilmington and Richmond thrown out of use owing to their crank axles having been broken, and new axles can only be forged at this establishment. The Secretary of the Navy has ordered this work to be done here, as the locomotives are greatly needed to transport supplies to the Army and Navy, but it is impossible to make any considerable headway on them, as our present force is inadequate to manufacture projectiles, gun carriages, &amp; c., for arming vessels as

