
fast as they are required. At this time we are working at night and on Sundays and still are not able to fill orders for munitions of war

I understand from you that the iron-clad Virginia at Richmond is now in readiness for action except her gun carriages and wrought-iron projectiles, which are being made at these works. If we had a full force of mechanics this work would have been finished in one-half the time.

The following is a list of the additional mechanics required to give employment to the tools, forges, and furnaces now in operation:

Seven machinists, eight blacksmiths, eight gun-carriage makers, two blockmakers, one pattern maker, one coppersmith, two molders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. ASHTON RAMSAY,

Chief Engineer, C. S. Navy, in Charge.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

NAVAL ORDNANCE WORKS,

Atlanta, May 7, 1864.

Captain J. M. BROOKE, C. S. Navy,

Chief of Ordnance and Hydrography,

Navy Department, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 2d instant I would state that there are employed at these works at present three molders, four machinists, and one blacksmith, exclusive of the foreman. I require, to perform ordinary work, nine molders, five blacksmiths, and eleven machinists. I have been prevented from manufacturing munitions of war (enough to supply orders) by the want of mechanics. At one time last year I had no l umber for shell boxes, and the commander of the camp of instruction in this district refused to detail a sawyer who owned a mill on the ground that the man wished to get out of the Army by obtaining a contract.

I have been for four months unable to have forged the wrought-iron bolts for the Brooke gun for the want of blacksmiths. Major-General Maury detailed a second-rate blacksmith to me, but revoked the order two weeks ago, remanding him to his regiment, although wrought-iron bolts will be an important item in the defense of Mobile. Nearly all the lathes are idle for want of hands. The officers do not seem to be aware that each rifle shell has to be turned in a lathe.

I have asked for details until I am tired; and even those conscripts who are unwillingly detailed to the works are accompanied by so many orders and so many papers (the orders are changed once a week) that a clerk is constantly employed to try and keep their papers correct.

It would appear that officers employed in manufacturing ordnance are not deemed patriotic by the Conscript Bureau, as they seem to think that an officer who asks for the detail of a man to do Government work is doing something wrong. They require so many descriptive lists of him, so many certificates, that it is absolutely appalling. I think with the additional number of mechanics mentioned above, detailed for the war, I could prepare six times (or more) as much ammunition and ordnance stores as I do now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. P. MCCORKLE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Naval Ordnance Works.

