
[Inclosure No. 3.]

SELMA CANNON FOUNDRY,

May 8, 1864.

Commander JOHN M. BROOKE, C. S. Navy,

In Charge, &amp; c., Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Our facilities for completing guns have been lately much increased by improvements in the machinery for boring and turning the guns and bands. But these improvements will not benefit us if our blacksmith force is not increased. We want more good blacksmiths for heavy forging. We now do not average more bands than for one gun a week. If the bands could be forged elsewhere it would assist.

Very respectfully,

CATESBY AP R. JONES,

Commandant.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

NAVAL GUN FOUNDRY AND ORDNANCE WORKS,

Selma, May 14, 1864.

Commander J. M. BROOKE,

Office of Ordnance and Hydrography, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Yours of the 2d instant in relation to the number of mechanics needed for these works has been received. I have repeatedly called the attention of the Department to this subject. Had my applications for mechanics been granted the rolling-mill would have been in operations last fall and it would have rolled iron enough for all our vessels, and we would also have cast guns for all their batteries and furnished them to the fortifications. The rolling-mill is not yet in operation. We now cannot turn out more than one gun a week, but with a proper number of mechanics could turn out three a week, and in a few months one a day. We have not been able to furnish shot and shell for the guns we have made. We ought to supply the whole Navy.

In addition to our present force we could employ with great advantage to the Government twenty-five molders, twenty-five machinists, and twenty blacksmiths, and if the works are to be increased, forty carpenters and masons.

Very respectfully,

CATESBY AP R. JONES,

Commandant.

CIRCULAR.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 1, 1864.

The act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, and incorporated in General Orders, No. 26, current series, declares that the duties of provost and hospital guards and clerks, of clerks, guards, agents, employes, or laborers in the Commissary, Quartermaster's, and Ordnance Departments shall be performed by persons within eighteen and forty-five years of age who are reported, by a board of army surgeons, unable to perform active duty in the field; and when that class shall have been exhausted, by those between forty-five and fifty years. General orders enjoin upon officers the observance of this law, and allow details of able-bodied men to continue until the 10th of April,

