
1864, when the head of any department or the chief of any bureau, or the principal officer of the same in any State, shall certify them to be necessary for that time to carry on the business in which they are employed.

Subsequently the Secretary of War issued the following instructions:

That the chief of the department should certify:

First. That the detail is indispensably necessary for the business for which it is asked.

Second. That diligent effort has been made to obtain the services of a person not liable to military service in the field, and that such effort will be continued.

Third. And furnish a descriptive list of the detailed persons. No details will be granted by the Bureau of Conscription for any department of the Government except on such certificate signed by the chief. The certificate of any inferior officer will not be admissible. The details will be made for six months, subject to revocation by the Secretary of War, and their renewal will be dependent on the terms of the certificate presented. Application for these details will be made to the Bureau of Conscription.

It is represented that, notwithstanding these orders and the severe penalty attached to the violation of the law, few persons fit for field duty and detailed in the Department and Bureau have been returned to their commands or turned over to the officers of the Conscription Bureau; and that the certificates required by the orders of the Secretary of War have been rarely furnished. In consideration of these facts, the President directs me to call your special attention to the law and orders under it, and to require that you cause a prompt investigation to be made throughout your department to the end that it may be shown that officers have violated and are now disregarding the law. The reports of subordinate officers should be consolidated in your office, and show the name of the officer and the number of clerks, &amp; c., their age and physical condition, and by whose authority he employs them. You will state from the evidence exhibited by the officer whether the law in the case of each clerk, & c., has been conformed to. The consolidated reports will be forwarded from time to time to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector GenerATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 1, 1864.

Mrs. SARAH E. HOWENTON and OTHER LADIES,

Halifax Court-House, N. C.:

LADIES: The President has referred to this Department your petition in behalf of the deserters from the Army. The feelings of sympathy and consideration which induced your appeal are fully appreciated, and felt to be Honorable and natural to the sensibilities of the gentler sex. You do not, however, fully realize the absolute necessity of maintaining the discipline of the Army and retaining the soldiers to their standards, and that the rigid enforcement of the death penalty, painful and distressing as it naturally is to the feelings, is in reality the course of humanity, and by preventing offenses in the end saves lives. The course of the authorities has been marked perhaps with too great leniency too deserters, who have frequently been granted amnesties, and it has become, in the judgment of all our generals, who

