
deplore the fact, a necessity to enforce the law rigidly. It must be recollected that in time of war, and especially such a war, desertion is the betrayal of one's country and among the greatest of crimes. These considerations, it is hoped, will vindicate the action of the Government, and reconcile the most humane to the sad necessity existing for enforcing the penalties of the law.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[JULY 2, 1864. - For Davis to Clark, in relation to organizing the reserves of Mississippi, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 685.]

No. 7A.] 17 SAVILE ROW, LONDON WEST, July 4, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The Hon. James E. Ward reached Paris on the 21st of March, and delivered me your letter of 6th of January. After negotiating with him and those he represented for five weeks the negotiations terminated on the 26th of April in the inclosed proposition from Mr. E. P. Stringer, managing director of the Mercantile Trading Company (alias C. H. Reid &amp; Co.), with whom the Ordnance Bureau has a large partnership contract. * This proposition I of course declined. I have since made arrangements with Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm & Co. to furnish the Government with eight first-class steamers, to be purchased by or built under the directions of Captain Bulloch. Two of these steamers, the Bat and the Owl, have already been purchased, and will leave for Bermuda on the 1st of August. The six others are contracted for, to be ready for sea as follows - say two in November, two in December, and two in April, 1865.

I have also made an arrangement with the highly respectable firm of J. K. Gilliat & Co. to advance $ 150,000 for the purpose of purchasing or building other steamers to run on Government account, produce to be consigned to them. For this advance I pay 5 per cent. commission and 7 per cent. interest, and the usual mercantile commission of 2 1/2 per cent. for selling the produce, I lodging with them bonds of the $ 3,000,000 cotton loan, at the market value, to net the $ 150,000, with a margin of 25 per cent. As Messrs. Gilliat & Co. have the money ready, this entire line might be started at once, if the proper steamers could be found, but the difficulty is in getting steamers ready built that are suited to the trade. Captain Bulloch, with whom I am directed by the Secretary of the Treasury to consult as to the character and fitness of the steamers, is now negotiating for two on the Clyde, which will be ready for sea during the month of August. Thus we expect to get off four first-class paddle-wheel steamers during the month of August. On their first outward trips they all will be sent to Bermuda, where I understand there is a large accumulation of Government freight; thence they will be consigned to Lieutenant-Colonel Bayne. The other steamers to be supplied under the Gilliat contract will be built as speedily as possible. The plans and specifications are ready, and negotiations are going on

---------------

* Inclosure not found.

---------------

