
with the builders. The whole will be ready for sea during the month of December. Thus you will see that I have made provision for fourteen steamers, four of which will leave here during the month of August, eight in December, and two (the last of the Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co. Line) in April, 1865. The two bought by Messrs. F., T. & Co. - the Bat and the Owl - and the two we expect to purchase on the Clyde are the four best steamers now being built in the kingdom, and are greatly superier to most of the steamers heretofore engaged in the blockade business. They are built of steel, and will carry 1,000 bales of cotton each on a draft of seven feet water and with an average speed of thirteen knots per hour. Those too be built will be superior to these, and will, I think, have such sea-going qualities, combined with speed, as will greatly reduce the danger of running the blockade. A certain part of the proceeds of the produce brought out by these steamers will be set aside to keep up the lines, and by the end of the year the Government will have the means in its own hands to obtain all the supplies required abroad without incurring any further foreign debt.

That there may be no want of supplies for the Army until we begin to reap the result of these enterprises, I have made a contract with Alex. Collie & Co. for $ 150,000 clothing and quartermaster's supplies to be purchased by Major J. B. Ferguson, and for $ 50,000 ordnance and medical supplies to be purchased by Major C. Huse. A copy of the contract you will find inclosed. Already one of Mr. Collie's steamers, the Falcon, to be employed in carrying out this contract, has sailed for Bermuda, and the second steamer, the Flamingo, which takes this, will sail to-morrow. Major Huse has purchased about $ 30,000 on his credit under this contract, a part of which (medical stores) went on the Falcon, and he hopes to get off some other light goods by the Flamingo. Major Ferguson has placed orders for the whole amount of his credit, and the entire contract will go forward to the islands within five months.

As above stated, two of the steamers of the line to be employed in this business may be said already to have commenced work. The other two will sail, one in the middle of July, the other the 1 st of August, and the goods will be speedily arriving at Wilmington. Therefore, no time should be lost by the Quartermaster's Department and Ordnance Bureau in getting cotton ready at the ports, to be exchanged for the goods on delivery as per the contract. May I respectfully ask that you will give instructions to this effect?

In a letter to the Quartermaster-General of 7th of May I advised him that I should make a contract with Mr. Collie for his department for carrying out that made with Mr. Tait, at Richmond, and sent to me for confirmation. Mr. Tait has arranged with Mr. Collie and Major Ferguson to furnish $ 50,000 of ready-made clothing at prices somewhat lower than those named in the contract drawn up at Richmond, and he waives the 5 per cent., as Mr. Collie pays him cash for the goods on delivery. He also pays cash for the purchases of Majors Huse and Ferguson, for which, you will perceive by reference to the contract, he is allowed 2 1/2 per cent. The balance ($ 100,000) will be invested in such general quartermaster's supplies as Major Ferguson has the most pressing orders for.

The first trips of these steamers in may not take goods enough to pay for full outward cargoes, as per contract, but very soon they will take in more in value than they can bring out. I therefore request that you will direct Colonel Bayne to give the steamers of this line

