
full outward cargoes of cotton. It is understood with Mr. Collie that if any of the inward cargoes are lost or captured, and he should have received cotton in excess of goods delivered, that he will pay for such excess at the rate of 8d. per pound in sterling, or he will duplicate the goods, at the option of the Government. In addition to this contract I have opened a credit with Messrs. J. K. Gilliat &amp; Co. for the Ordnance Bureau, which has enabled Major Huse to complete the contracts for all the machinery required for the works of Colonel Rains, Major Mallet, and Superintendent Burton, and the machinery is now in process of construction. To obtain this credit I deposited with Messrs. Gilliat & Co. $ 1,000,000 8 per cent. Confederate bonds belonging to the Ordnance Bureau, and pay them 2 1/2 per cent. commission for the credit and 7 per cent. interest. The credit extends over a period of twelve months, though Major Huse expects to get all the machinery off much sooner. I have also authorized Major Huse to purchase, at six months' credit, rifles, carbines, pistols, cavalry equipments, leather, harness, & c., to the extent of $ 40,000. Under this credit he informs me that he can purchasarties almost as cheap as he could for cash, interest off. Major Ferguson also informs me that he can purchase from the Lancastershire and Yorkshire manufacturers, at four and six months, on the credit of the Government, but I have not thought it advisable to go beyond the $ 40,000 at six months, as I do not wish to create any debts that I cannot see the way clear to pay. Our credit begins to grow stronger, and by proper management will soon be available for all our wants.

The legislation of the last Congress, with the regulations since adopted in reference to the foreign commerce of the country, has greatly strengthened it, and I hope the Government will not allow the outside pressure to cause any future modification of these regulations, and, above all, that for a momentary necessity you will not allow the agents at the islands to make contracts with steamers granting privileges not in accordance with these regulations.

Since I wrote you last (19th February, No. 6A) I have paid W. G. Crenshaw $ 40,000 and Major Ferguson $ 35,000, Major R. P. Waller's drafts ($ 20,000), and an additional draft of Major Waller in favor of Thomas Sharp, for $ 3,000 to purchase machinery for a shoe manufactory. To make these payments I had to sell the stock of the loan - some as low as 42. I hope, however, that matters are now in such a train as will prevent any such sacrifices in future. The $ 40,000 paid W. G. Crenshaw has enabled him to re-establish his line of steamers. He has three now running, and has made arrangements with Messrs. Gilliat & Co. to furnish him with the means to purchase two more. You are aware that he has dissolved his connection with Mr. Collie. He informs me that at present he had no contract with you, but that his operations are three-fourths for the Government and one-fourth for himself. Having myself made pretty ample provision for quartermaster's, ordnance, and medical supplies, I have advised him to confine his operations to getting in commissary supplies, and I believe he is energetically working at it. Would it not be well to have a new contract made, defining accurately the interest of the Government in his operations? The Collie & Crenshaw contract was by no means favorable to the Government, and from a general statement presented me by Mr. Crenshaw when I paid him the $ 40,000 it appears that the Government had not received from it the money invested. You are aware from my previous letters that I do not favor any partnership connections between the Government and individuals. If there be

