
profits the individuals will get them; if losses, they will fall on the Government. Besides, there will always be difficulty in getting settlements. The contract with C. H. Reid &amp; Co. illustrates this. More than a month ago, after receiving a letter from Colonel Bayne authorizing me to do so, I called in person on them and asked for a statement of their accounts with the Government, which they promised to furnish. After waiting three weeks without hearing from them, ten days ago I made the request in writing, and as yet have only received a note saying that they were getting the accounts ready. I have, however, learned from Major Huse that he has received from the company $ 35,000 on account of the Government interest in the adventure. As the arrangements made with Fraser, Trenholm & Co. and J. K. Gilliat & Co. will furnish the Government with the means of obtaining ample supplies, I respectfully suggest that these partnership contracts be annulled; or, rather, that the Government buy out the interest of the other parties in the steamers and run them on its own account.

But little progress has been made in the settlement of the accounts of Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell & Co. since the letter of Mr. Bloodgood and myself of the 17th March. All your conjectures in reference to this firm have proven but too true. The investigation of their accounts shows that they have in many instances made charges that can be characterized by no other term than that of fraudulent. In that portion of their accounts which they originally professed to have furnished on commission, we find that they have in many instances charged, in addition to the commission, from 5 to 20 per cent. more than they paid. They now seek to turn this commission account into a purchasing account, and claim that under the circumstances (i. e., the precarious credit of the Government) the profit they have charged is not unreasonable or excessive. Not being able tlement in any other way on the proposition of Messrs. S. I., C. & Co., we have agreed to leave the matter to arbitration, provided there should be but one arbitrator, and he a barrister or attorney of eminence. The papers are now in the hands of our solicitors, Messrs. Thomas & Hollams, who, with the solicitor of Messrs. S. I., C. & Co., are to select the barrister.

I have received, under cover of a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Bayne, of 21st of April, copy of the regulations established by the Secretary of the Treasury, yourself, and the Secretary of the Navy on the 14th of April, and approved by the President on the 18th, for the purchase and transportation abroad of tobacco, cotton, and naval stores. The arrangement I have made for steamers seems to have anticipated your action, and will supply the means of rendering it immediately efficacious. The distribution of the work among the various departments appears to me the simplest and most effective mode of carrying out the objects in view. The only thing necessary, in my opinion, to give the public service the full benefit of these regulations is, that all persons abroad acting under them should be formally instructed of the nature and limits of their respective duties. On a former occasion, i. e., the agreement of the 15th of September and your letter of the 26th idem, the failure to do this defeated the principal objects you had in view, namely, to give me control in cases of emergency of the funds of your Department in the hands of Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm & Co., since that firm declined to transfer funds in their hands from one bureau of your Department to another, as advised in my letter to you of the 18th of December, No. 4A, to which I hoped

