
ere this to have received a reply, inclosing such directions to Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co. as would enable me to carry out the views expressed in your letter of September 26. I still think it desirable that all the funds of your Department abroad should be under my direction. As I am now issuing large credits to the purchasing officers and paying any drafts that may be drawn on me from the islands, I may make sacrifices to meet these engagements which might not be necessary if I were fully advised of the exact state of the finances of your Department.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. J. MCRAE,

Agent, & c.

[Inclosure.]

L1864.

Memorandum of agreement between Alexander Collie, of London, on the one part, and Colin J. McRae, as representing the Government of the Confederate States of America, on the other part.

1. Alexander Collie agrees to provide four large and powerful new steamers to carry out the following arrangement with the least possible delay:

2. Alexander Collie will at once cause to be purchased, under Colin J. McRae's direction, quartermaster's stores to the value of 150,000 pounds sterling, and ordnance or medical stores to the value of 50,000 pounds sterling - the one subject to the inspection of Major J. B. Ferguson, the other to that of Major C. Huse.

3. The delivery of such purchases to extend over a period of about six months, in proportionate quantities, and shipment to be made to the Confederate States with as little delay thereafter as practicable.

4. Inland carriage and packing expense to be charged in the invoice, and 2 1/2 per cent. commission to be charged also.

5. Colin J. McRae, on behalf of his Government, agrees that on

arrival in the Confederacy of any goods purchased and shipped by

Alexander Collie under this agreement, such goods will be immediately claimed and taken over by the Government. Fifty per cent. advance will be added to the English invoice, and Alexander Collie, through his agent, will immediately receive in exchange cotton at the rate of 6 pence sterling per pound.

6. Such cotton to class middling and to be delivered alongside the steamers as required, compressed, packed, and in good merchantable condition.

7. Full cargoes of cotton received in exchange for goods delivered under this agreement may be shipped by Alexander Collie, through his agent, free from any other charge or restriction whatsoever beyond the now existing tare of one-eighth of a cent per pound.

8. No steamers to have priority in any way over those employed by Alexander Collie in this service, and more than the four above mentioned may be used if Alexander Collie can arrange to put them on.

9. Colin J. McRae further agrees that to cover the expense of Alexander Collie's agencies abroad, he, Alexander Collie, is to have the privilege of providing and bringing out other cotton than that received under this agreement to the extent of one-tenth part of the cargo space of the respective steamers, and such cotton (or tobacco) may be shipped on same terms as indicated per Government cotton, viz, free

34 R R - SERIES IV, VOL III

