
decision of a court of the State of Virginia in two cases in which persons were arrested and put into the military service, after having been released from such service on writs of habeas corpus, and calling your attention to the fact that I had received no answer to my letter above referred to of the 19th of October. To this letter I have received no answer.

And on the 7th of January instant I wrote to you again, inclosing a copy of a letter from the postmaster at Ivor, Va., complaining of the rude and unlawful conduct of a Captain Green in unceremoniously turning him out of the post-office and using it as a dancing-saloon and as a store-house for forage, and calling your attention to the fact that you had not answered my letter of the 19th of October and 17th of November, and asking an answer to that. I have received no answer to this.

The necessities of the public service require frequent correspondence between the Post-Office and War Departments. As you course in these cases precludes any further communication between us, without a surrender of self-respect and the rights of this Department by me, I have no course left but to submit the matter to the President.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 8.
 Richmond, January 28, 1864.

I. Paragraphs 1129, 1130, 1131, 1132, Army Regulations, are hereby revoked.

II. Enlisted men detailed for duty on account of physical disability, in the city of Richmond, are allowed $1. 20 per diem as commutation of rations.

III. Commutation of rations of all enlisted men entitle thereto by the Regulations of the War Department, whether on detached or on detailed service, or stationed in a city, with no opportunity of messing, or of the non-commissioned and regimental staff, when they have no opportunity of messing, or of soldiers on furlough, or stationed where rations cannot be issued in kind, or placed temporarily in a private hospital on the advice of the senior surgeon of the post or detachment, or of ordnance sergeants, or of a soldier who has necessarily paid for his own subsistence, or of a chaplain, is fixed at $1 per diem, to date from the 1st of January, 1864.

IV. Enlisted men who have been or may become permanently dialed, or who hold the certificate of a medical examining board to that effect, and who have not been discharged the service, may have their rations commuted at $1. 25 per diem, whether they are in a hospital quarters, or on furlough.

V. All commutation accounts will state the length of time, date, and amount, for what purpose commutation is claimed, and that it was impracticable to take rations in kind; which facts must be certified to by the commissioned officer under whose orders the soldier was at the time the rations become due.

VI. Communication of rations in the case of paroled unexchanged prisoners on furlough, who have just been received from the Federal lines, will be allowed at $1 per diem, to date from the 1st of January, 1864.

