
from all other charges or restrictions whatsoever excepting the before-named export duty now existing.

10. This agreement is to be construed by both parties in a spirit of confidence and liberality. The one will purchase and send forward the supplies indicated with the least possible delay; the other will deliver cotton sa required in the same way, and neither party will withhold necessary supplies on account of any temporary shortcoming on the part of the other.

11. Alexander Collie's agents, with the necessary staff for attending to this business, are to be allowed the privilege of residing in the Confederacy free from liability to conscription, and every reasonable facility is to be allowed them for effectually carrying out the terms of this agreement.

ALEX. COLLIE,

C. J. MCRAE,

Agent Confederate States of America.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, July 5, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have waited anxiously for a reply to my letter of the --* in regard to the exemption of Daniel L. Russell, Jr., as an officer of this State. None has been received, but I am told that General Whiting has orders to conscribe him immediately.

I simply wish to inform you that I cannot and will not submit to this being done without resisting it by every means at my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 5, 1864.

Colonel W. M. BROWNE,

Commandant Conscripts of Georgia:

COLONEL: My attention has been lately called by various communications to the obstructions which have been interposed by Governor brown to the execution of the conscript law, especially in regard to the reserve classes. I have frequently given instructions relative to the subject to the superintendent of conscription, and they have doubtless been made known to you by that officer, and you have thus been advised of the views of the Department. Still, I deem it advisable to express more particularly to yourself my conviction that the spirit and temper of the Governor, especially in the late correspondence with General Cobb, preclude all hope of a change in his policy and render further attempts at conciliation, harmony, and co-operation useless. I am weary of vain attempts to obtain his good will or assistance in the work of conscription, and am, moreover, inclined to believe that a course of firmness and decided action in dealing with him will be both wiser and more effective. I recommend, therefore, that you proceed in the execution of the law strictly, without respect to any claims or pretensions which may be asserted by him or his agents that do not come within the fair intent and just construction of the Confederate law. He is entitled to give certificates of exemption for

---------------

* Probably May 19, p. 425.

---------------

