
all officers of the State whom he may deem necessary to the State Government, and to those only. He has no right to secure militiamen within the ages prescribed by the Confederate law, nor to make details for manufacturing or industrial purposes. No more county or municipal officers can be covered by his exemption. There is no occasion to have any direct conflict with the Governor or the officers of the State. The action of yourself and the enrolling officers should be not toward them, but on persons individually liable to conscription, and they should be proceeded against in the mode prescribed by the law.

A few judicious examples made by sending into active service in the field those of the reserve corps who have failed to report within the time prescribed would probably strike wholesome terror, and induce prompt compliance with the call for enrollment by all the rest. If Governor Brown interposes with his official authority it will be necessary temperately but firmly to insist on the enforcement of the law, and let him know, if need be, that the issue will be distinctly made and met before the people of his State between the authority of himself and the Confederate Government. It is not believed that, with the imminent danger threatening their liberties, lives, and homes, the people will hesitate to sustain the action of the Confederate Executive in strengthening the Army of their defenders and providing reserve forces to guard vital points from marauding raiders. At least it has become a grave duty on the part of the Confederate Government to do its work thoroughly, and if arrested by the action of the Governor of State authorities let the responsibility rest upon and be met by the true delinquents. I hear that a great many of the men who put in substitutes, and others who are applying for agricultural and other details, have been granted from time to time temporary furloughs until their cases can be decided, and have thus ve service. I do not consider it advisable longer to pursue such a course, but, on the contrary, deem it important that those whose cases have not been decided, and until they are, should be placed in active service. Whenever a clear right of exemption exists or a case of detail has been settled and the bond taken, the exemption or detail may be made permanent. Otherwise, the party should be in service during the present crisis. This is important, especially with regard to those who put in substitutes, because otherwise on the expiration of the law suspending the writ of habeas corpus we shall have innumerable cases of litigation. We should give to all such an opportunity of acquiring the spirit of a soldier, and of feeling the shame of deserting their standard in the presence of the enemy, before the expiration of the suspension.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE COMMISSIONERS OF THE SINKING FUND,

Richmond, Va., July 5, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: Some time ago the commissioners of the sinking fund of the State of Virginia, of which board we are the members, entered into a contract with L. R. Smoot and others, by which they agreed to pay the interest on the debt of Virginia, due in London, upon condition

