
that the commissioners of the sinking fund would obtain permission from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States to ship full cargoes of cotton in three vessels or in a vessel making three trips. Upon representing the matter to you you granted the permission by indorsing upon the application that your authority was given, provided no law should be passed by Congress contravening that authority. Since then a law has been passed by Congress authorizing the President to prescribe regulations for vessels running the blockade, and under the regulations prescribed it is understood that the permission granted by the Secretary of War cannot noailable. The parties who made the agreement with the commissioners of the sinking fund have since purchased cotton bonds to enable them to carry out their agreement, intending with the cotton to be paid under these bonds to run the blockade and pay the State interest. When they applied to obtain the cotton due them they were informed that the Government has no cotton on hand at any Southern port and that the bonds cannot now be paid. If this cotton was delivered to them upon the terms of the bond they would have a right to ship the cotton without being bound by the regulations prescribed by the President. These parties, however, have purchased other cotton and have it ready for shipment, and ask that they may be permitted to carry this out according to the original understanding. May we not ask, under these circumstances, that the restriction may be removed, and that the facility may be afforded these parties to provide the means of paying the interest of the State? We cannot but hope, with this laudable object in view, that you will grant the permission asked, or, if not in your power, that you will recommend it favorably to the department to whom the authority properly belongs.

Very respectfully,

J. M. BENNETT,

S. H. PARKER,

Register.

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 6, 1864.

I regret to inform that under the late law of Congress and the regulations adopted by the President this request cannot be complied with, as it would invade the uniformity on which the constitutionality of the regulations rest. Besides, motives of very strong policy require that one-half of the outward cargo of each ship sailing should be exacted for the Government, and the President has no power to depart from it for other States.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., July 6, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Your letter received. By reference to the law you will see that the certificate is only effective as to State officers. You will require the enrolling officers to do their duty.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

