
BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, July 6, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

COLONEL: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that the competition which has heretofore been occasioned by several bureaus of the Government being at one time in the market for supplies has again arisen in efforts of the Navy Department, Niter and Mining Bureau, &amp; c., to secure the incoming wheat crop. Agents of the former have already purchased some of the best crops in the vicinity of Richmond, and those of the latter are now in the market for crops in Powhatan, and doubtless other counties in this State; and it is scarcely necessary for me to say that this competition not only adds to the difficulty of collection by creating an exaggerated estimate of the wants of the Government, but increases prices and stimulates farmers to hoard and secrete their produce. I would therefore respectfully recommend that these departments be requested to withdraw their agents for the purchase of such supplies as are obtainable in the Confederacy, and that they be furnished by this Bureau and with the same ration as the Army is now receiving.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, recommending the course within suggested.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 6, 1864.

Surg. W. H. PRIOLEAU,

Medical Purveyor, Macon, Ga.:

SIR: The invoice of medical supplies forwarded by you to this office as samples of the product of your laboratory have been received. The articles appear to be of good quality and well prepared, and I am pleased to see that much progress has been made in this branch of the establishment under your control. It is hoped that you will continue to manufacture these articles in as large quantities as possible, so as to avoid as far as practicable the necessity of importing from abroad. For the same reason it is deemed advisable that the preparations of indigenous plants should be manufactured in large quantities, that they may be substituted as far as practicable for imported medicines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

[JULY 7, 1864. - For Johnston to Brown, referring to the services of the Georgia State troops and asking that their number be increased, see Series I, VOL. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 867.]

