
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, July 8, 1864. No. 59.

I. In accordance with the act of Congress approved June 14, 1864, and published in General Orders, No. 53, current series, the commutation value of rations of sick and wounded officers and soldiers in hospitals or other places, in camp or the field, used as hospitals, will be the cost of the ration at the post or place, and 100 per centum thereon, which amount will constitute the hospital fund.

II. The ration named in the preceding paragraph, when actually issued, will correspond with that allowed to soldiers in the field; but in reckoning the hospital fund the whole number of rations due, whether drawn or commuted, will be estimated in quantity and components (excluding sugar and coffee) according to the ration as prescribed in paragraph 1107, Army Regulations.

III. Rations in kind (such as are issued to soldiers in the field) may be issued to all attendants in regimental, field, or other hospitals.

IV. Medical directors will report through the Surgeon-General to this office soldiers in hospital who are mechanics, and who are permanently disabled, or it is believed will be unfit for many months for field service. When reported their trade will be stated, that they may be detailed in appropriate bureaus to relieve able-bodied men therein employed.

V. Officers traveling under orders will be allowed transportation in kind and $ 10 per diem. All general or special orders which give other or different allowances are hereby revoked. Generals or other officers commanding a district, department, or army in the field, and chiefs of the several military bureaus, are alone authorized to give orders that will carry transportation.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 26. Richmond, Va., July 8, 1864.

The Secretary of War directs that hereafter no furloughs be allowed by the officers of conscription to applicants for exemption not sustained or required by regulations, or detail, whilst their applications are pending, but that they be promptly forwarded to the camps of instruction and at once assigned to commands in the field, entitled, under existing orders, to receive conscripts.

Enrolling officers will, with the aid of the temporary boards, proceed diligently to investigate all such applications, in accordance with the instructions heretofore given, and forward them to the Bureau with their reports and opinions for such action as the War Department may take in reference to said applicants.

Upon transmitting the applications to the Bureau, commandants will state the commands to which the applicants were assigned.

By command of Colonel Thomas P. August, acting superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

