
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, July 8, 1864. No. 159.

* * * * * * *

II. The Twenty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry (nine companies), with the addition of Captain G. T. Lyle's company, which is hereby attached thereto, will constitute the Twenty-fifth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, July 8, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

COLONEL: The inclosed circular from the Niter and Mining Bureau is respectfully submitted for your consideration, and has already operated most injuriously upon our prospects of speedily collecting the tithe wheat by giving farmers the option of retaining it until called for by agents of that Bureau, besides creating alarm and confusion among the planters as to the wants of the Government and the proper parties to whom they should deliver the tithe. Information has also reached me that agents of the Niter and Mining Bureau are now engaged in purchasing wheat with the view to an immediate accumulation of a six-months' supply for its employes, while our best exertions are now employed to meet the daily wants of the Army. This course seriously conflicts with the best interests of the Government, and I am constrained to repeat the suggestion contained in my letter of the 6th instant that the several bureaus of the Government be furnished by this department with subsistence and thus remove effectually the competition that threatens to destroy the credit of the Government and its ability to buy to any extent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

In present crisis the Bureau should be forbidden from laying in supplies for the future. If the various bureaus would agree or be ordered to accept the chances and ration of the soldier, this Bureau should supply all. Any other plan throws on the soldier all the restrictions and privations.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT.,

NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, May 2 5, 1864.

ARCHER TURPIN, Esq.,

Fine Creek Mills:

SIR: I have been authorized to collect tithes in your district for the use of this Bureau. You are notified in advance that you may retain

