
yours until called for by an agent of this Bureau. Our canal-boats will take the tithes at the landing nearest your place. A receipt will be given you on account of your tithes for 1864, specifying the amount of each article received.

Very respectfully, yours,

RICHARD MORTON,

Major.

[JULY 9, 1864. - For proclamation of Governor Brown, ordering out all the militia of Georgia between sixteen and fifty-five years, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 688.]

[JULY 10, 1864. - For General Orders, No. 15, Bureau of Conscription, Trans-Mississippi Department, in relation to the reserve corps, see Series I, VOL. XLI, Part II, p. 1002.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
 Richmond, July 11, 1864. No. 161.

* * * * * * *

II. The seven Georgia companies belonging to the Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, with Companies A, B, and C, of Millen's Georgia battalion, hereby transferred, are organized into and will constitute the Eighth Regiment of Georgia Cavalry, to the command of which Colonel J. R. Griffin is hereby assigned. The offices of lieutenant-colonel and major will be filled by promotion according to seniority.

III. The three Alabama companies known as Love's Alabama battalion, and Company D, of Millen's Georgia battalion, are hereby assigned to the Jeff Davis Legion, cavalry, which will hereafter consist of three squadrons, to wit: The five Alabama companies will constitute the first squadron, and will be commanded by a major; the three Mississippi companies will constitute the second squadron, and will be commanded by a major; the third squadron will consist of the two Georgia companies, under command of the senior captain.

IV. The eleventh company of Cobb's Legion of cavalry (Captain F. E. Eve) is hereby transferred to and will form part of the Phillips Legion, Georgia cavalry.

V. The first ten companies of Cobb's Legion, cavalry, will constitute the Ninth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, to the command of which Colonel G. J. Wright is hereby assigned.

VI. Companies A and B, of the Twelfth North Carolina Battalion, are hereby transferred to and will form a part of the Fourth North Carolina Cavalry (Fifty-ninth Regiment).

VII. The seven Georgia companies now belonging to the Seventh Confederate Regiment, with Companies E, F, and G, of Millen's Georgia battalion, which are hereby transferred thereto, will constitute the Tenth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, with the following field officers: Colonel V. H. Taliaferro, Lieut. Colonel T. D. Claiborne, Major J. H. Sikes.

VIII. The five North Carolina companies of the Seventh Confederate Regiment, the three North Carolina companies (Companies D, E, and I) of the Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, and Company C, of

