
to whom issued, and by whose order, together with the name of the ward and division, inclosing diet lists as vouchers. The surgeon in charge will critically examine said statement and vouchers and see that no improper expenditures have been made. Should he discover any abuse or improper issues he will report the name of the officer authorizing such expenditure to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

[JULY 14, 1864. - For Withers to Davis, in regard to organizing the Alabama reserves, see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 711.]

ATLANTA, July 16, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The Belgian consul at this place complains to me that Major Cummings has seized a lot of tobacco belonging to him, and asks that it be returned with privilege to ship it to Macon or Augusta. I trust you will issue order. Have every reason to believe that the sympathies of the consul are fully with us, and regret that his property has been disturbed.

JOS. E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 16, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Detailed men being already in military service of Confederate States are clearly not liable to militia or State duty. Those who have been exempted from service may be so subject. In regard to any classes of detailed men who in your judgment may be judiciously used with the militia, it would be in your power to tolerate the call, sanctioning it as an assignment to temporary duty, but that is matter for your sound discretion.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISONBURG, July 16, 1864.

Major CALVERT:

What on earth do the commissioners mean by their late schedule of prices? Wheat, $ 30 per bushel! A rise of $ 150 from $ 25 a barrel for flour! the whole community - farmers among others - stand aghast. They regard the Government as giving up their currency. Gold and silver is now being demanded for produce, and persons bringing supplies to town are in many instances returning with them unsold, being unwilling to take Confederate money at any price. The idea is among the people that the Government in paying such prices will necessarily flood the country again with promises to pay, and at such prices as offered can never meet its engagements. The very worst results are

