
about to occur unless some immediate steps are taken to prevent it. It is the opinion of the more intelligent farmers that more grain would have been sent forward by reducing the price on the plea of scarcity of money than by enhancing it. The truth is, our whole community is shocked at the proceedings of the Board, and consider that a more terrible blow has been leveled at our currency than any it has as yet received. In addition to all, there is a strong current of feeling among the non-producers and poorer classes, who, in view of their limited means and the heavy taxation on all sources of obtaining money, conceive that they see for themselves and families nothing but starvation. I write you this letter hoping that you will at once bring the subject to the attention of the Secretary of War or other proper authority for investigation, with the full assurance that the people know that in proportion as the Government enhances the prices of provisions the less likely will it be able to pay; that is it not that the prices heretofore paid were not amply sufficient, but that the hesitation in bringing forward supplies consisted in a distrust of the money, which distrust is now tenfold increased.

I am, your friend,

J. W. G. SMITH.

P. S. - Since writing the above I learn that flour has advanced in this town in view of the schedule from $ 100 to $ 250.

[First indorsement.]

The PRESIDENT:

I send you in this letter the language of the country. Something must be done, and that promptly.

WM. SMITH.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 19, 1864.

Secretary of War for attention.

The within letter presents the case more strongly, but in the same line of thought I advanced to you. Please note indorsement of Governor Smith and confer with me.

J. D.

JULY 18, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call attention to the following subjects of special interest suggested by my recent inspection of the conscription service in North Carolina.

First. Under the present system the liberty of petitioning for details is much abused. The testimony of the most judicious enrolling officers is that almost every man puts in a petition as soon as he is enrolled, for the sake of delay; and the instructions they are acting under require them to send forward the application, approved or disapproved, and allow the party to remain unmolested until it is returned. The effect of this arrangement is that numbers of conscripts who should have fought in this campaign have spent a quiet summer at home by means of a sham petition. Officers tell me that uniformly where they have rejected a man's claim to detail as having no show of merit and sent him forward to the camp of instruction he has returned in a few days with liberty to stay at home till his

