
appeal to Richmond was heard from. I do not see anything in the law or the orders of the War Department which necessitates this slow procedure. Practically in the large majority of cases an application disapproved by the local and district officers is disapproved all the way through. It would seem, then, to be the true policy to send immediately to the Army a conscript whose petition for indulgence is rejected by these officers. The paper going forward to the Bureau might contain a statement of the regiment to which the applicant had been assigned, and in the few cases in which it would be deemed proper to reverse the action of the county and district officers an order for detail might issue immediately from the Adjutant-General's office. Such a practice would also tend to reduce the number of improper applications, and thus disencumber the service of a mass of useless work.

Second. Closely allied to this matter is the evidence which will be found in the reports upon the several districts as to the time required for the transaction of business in its passage from the enrolling officer through the commandant to the Bureau and back again. The indications are, if I mistake not, that the greatest improvements in the service are to be sought in this direction.

Third. I would suggest the propriety of having some uniform system of books and records prescribed by the commandant for each class of officers. Printed blanks should, by all means, be furnished. At present there is great diversity of practice, and in one point it is of some moment. There is no greater clog to business than what is known as an indorsement book. In some cases it is, of course, a necessary evil, but where it is not essential it ought to be abolished. Three or four districts and a majority of the county officers do not keep this record, and testify that they have felt no inconvenience from its absence. This would appear to be a matter for the experience of the commandant to decide and regulate. But few of the officers have the clerks authorized by the Bureau.

Fourth. The local advisory boards are working well, but one evil is to be apprehended from them and guarded against - delay of business. Whilst there was a great press of work, arising immediately out of the recent enrollment, they met every day; but I found that either no regular times for meeting had been fixed or they were to meet once a week or once in ten days. It is evident that much of the ordinary business of a county officer would thus remain in his office from a week to ten days. I suppose at least two meetings a week might be secured without hardship by a general order from the commandant. No more fortunate device for the protection of the agriculture of the country could have been adopted than the method of investigation by these boards. Though my observation was limited, I feel satisfied that if any error is committed in the exercise of the great powers intrusted to the conscription authorities it will be on the side of the producing and industrial interests, and not from blind zeal to increase the mere numbers of the Army.

Fifth. No system for the supervision of detailed men has been anywhere adopted. The duty is earnestly enjoined by the Bureau; but unless some regular method is prescribed by the commandant it will be carelessly and imperfectly performed. The local boards and militia officers afford every ready agency for a complete supervision of the daily life of every detailed man in a county, and periodical reports might be made by them to the county officer showing how each man is discharging his duty to the Government.

