
Sixth. The apprehension of deserters has been almost entirely suspended by the removal of the troops heretofore employed as a supporting force. It cannot be actively resumed till the companies of senior reserves authorized for this service are organized, which will be some weeks hence. In the Tenth District this force will be entirely inadequate. it will be necessary to send some regular troops there when they can be spared to effect a thorough purification of the country. The militia and home-guard officers in the greater part of the State are reported to be zealous and active, but they constitute a very inefficient and unsatisfactory machinery for the execution of the law of conscription. Their last service is as auxiliaries to a regular force entirely under the control of the enrolling officer. Such a system is contemplated by the Bureau, and I do not see why it should not be in successful operation in a month.

Seventh. The qualifications of the officers engaged in the service are as high as could reasonably be expected. The districts are superintended without exception by officers of good intelligence, apparent activity and fidelity, and sufficient experience. Many of them have seen service in the field and been disabled by wounds. The county officers impressed me for the most part favorably. Some are too young and some without sufficient education or entirely new to the business, but I have no doubt of their capacity generally to do their work. The greater part are commissioned as drill-masters and have not seen field service; others are disabled line officers. Much embarrassment has no doubt been felt heretofore from the constant changes occurring in the personnel of the service. It has been almost impossible to form a good corps of officers, because as soon as they acquired experience they were called for by their commanders in the field. But the matter is now upon a better basis, and when a few existing vacancies are filled by retired officers all that is practicable perhaps will have been done. The reports upon the districts show that charges of corruption have been preferred in but few cases against these officers, and they are apt to be heard where there is ground for them. Under the present law the amount of labor to be performed by each class of officers is very great and quite sufficient to keep them busily employed. A conscientious man will find constant work to do in one of these offices. I found a good deal of unfinished business nearly everywhere, whether by negligence or not there was no way of ascertaining, but it is just to remember that the first enrollment under the act of February 17 had been only recently completed.

Eighth. It is difficult of course to judge from a rapid journey through the State how the law has been executed, but from the information I have been able to pick up I should say that the system of enrollment described in the report of the Sixth District is as good as can be adopted; that the recent enrollment under the new law was thorough, and that claims to exemption and detail were vigorously but fairly and intelligently investigated. The weight of evidence shows that the medical boards are giving full effect to the intention of Congress relative to the enrollment of certain men for light duties, and it appears that the employes of the staff departments at the different posts have been carefully inspected. The organization of the service is judicious, the admirable regulations for the conduct of business prescribed by the Bureaurally understood, and the officers are fairly doing their duty.

I have endeavored to point out some improvements which seemed feasible, but it is only fair to say that upon the whole, taking into

