
consideration the opposition to the law in some parts of the State and all the elements of difficulty, the conscription service in North Carolina appears to be in a healthy working condition, creditable to the commandant and his subordinates.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Report shows that unnecessary delays are occasioned by permitting conscripts to remain at home until their applications for details can be acted upon by the Bureau of Conscription; also a want of a general system of supervision of detailed men; and suggests that the local boards and militia officers afford a ready agency for the supervision of the daily life of every detailed man in a county. The suggestions of Colonel Anderson are concurred in and are recommended for adoption. The same suggestions were made by Colonel R. H. Chilton in his inspection report of the conscription in Richmond, August 21, 1864.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, October 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: Herewith are returned reports of Lieut. Colonel Archer Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, of inspection of the conscript service in North Carolina. Such of their contents as suggest action or inquiry by this Bureau will receive appropriate attention and the results will be duly reported to you. It gives me pleasure to acknowledge the just and enlightened character of these reports and suggestions and to find in them a substantial approval of the administration of conscription in North Carolina.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

MACON, July 18, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

There are three classes of agricultural exempts, and takes, first, those who paid $ 500 for overseers; second, those who having fifteen and more hands have given bonds; third, those having less than fifteen hands and have bonded. To be certain, I ask your views on each point.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

