
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 19, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Overseers for whom $ 500 have been paid the Government are not strictly exempts, as the last law does not embrace them. Those having fifteen hands who have bonded are exempts. Those with less than fifteen, though bonded, are strictly detailed men. For the first and second class we have strictly no right to interpose. For the third, as legally they are in Confederate service, we have; but I leave the matter to your discretion.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Richmond, July 19, 1864. No. 169.

* * * * * * *

II. The Nineteenth Mississippi Battalion (Lieut. Colonel W. L. Duff) having been increased to ten companies by the addition of four companies raised within the enemy's lines, will constitute the Eighth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

III. The six companies of Tennessee cavalry raised by Colonel John F. Newsom and the four companies of the late Colonel Forrest's regiment will constitute the Eighteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry.

IV. The four Alabama companies heretofore attached to the organization known as McDonald's battalion, or N. B. Forrest's Third Tennessee Cavalry, are hereby transferred to Russell's Alabama regiment.

V. The seven companies now composing N. B. Forrest's Third Tennessee Cavalry will constitute the Twenty-sixth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, to the command of which Lieut. Colonel D. C. Kelley is hereby assigned.

VI. The regiment heretofore known as the First Mississippi Partisan Rangers will be known hereafter as the Seventh Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

VII. The regimental organizations of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Regiments Tennessee Cavalry, heretofore constituting a part of what was known as Richardson's brigade, are annulled, and the field officers of these regiments will no longer be regarded as in commission.

VIII. The following companies will constitute the Fourteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry: Captain S. J. Cox's, Captain John H. Deberry's, Captain Zilman Voss', Captain L. A. Thomas', Captain E. W. Jacobs', Captain W. J. Hall's, Capt, A. C. Reid's, Captain James Gwynn's, Captain E. S. Elliott's, First Lieut. C. C. Conner's. The field officers will be appointed.

IX. The following companies will constitute the Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry: Captain P. W. Moore's, Captain J. L. Garrison's, Captain H. T. Hanks', Captain T. Nutt's, Captain E. L. Hussey's, Captain T. C. Buchanan's, Captain R. B. Sanders', Captain G. T. Penn's, Captain P. M. Williams', Captain J. A. Williamson's. The field officers will be appointed.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

