
LIBERTY, July 19, 1864.

[Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON:]

DEAR SIR: I feel impelled by a sense of duty to apprise you of the state of public sentiment in this section of the State with reference to the schedule of prices recently adopted and published by the commissioners. It has cast a gloom over this community, and done more to destroy the Confederate currency than any circumstance which has transpired since the commencement of the war. I have conversed with many farmers on the subject, and have yet to meet with the first man who does not express the most profound regret on account of this action of the commissioners. They all say it was entirely unlooked for and has taken them completely by surprise. I am perfectly confident that the Government could have gotten just as much what in this county by offering $ 10 per bushel as by offering $ 30. Under a recent circular issued from your Department making an appeal for grain the people of this county will furnish liberally from their exhausted supplies, notwithstanding the enemy has recently visited us and foraged all over the county. The fears of patriotic men everywhere are aroused for the currency. They had fondly hoped that under the recent legislation of Congress the currency would soon be improved, but now they regard this action of the commissioners as a declaration on the part of the Government that the depreciation of the currency cannot and will not be remedied, and plain men cannot understand how the Government is ever to redeem its obligations and pay off a debt piled up at the rates fixed by the commissioners. In other words, they look upon repudiation as almost inevitable. It is in this view of the subject that our farmers would prefer to have their wheat taken at $ 10 per bushel than at $ 30. Again, all the counties of this Commonwealth have a large number of soldiers' families to support, and in doing so they find themselves compelled under this act of Assembly to resort tohey cannot impress at a lower rate than the Government, and how can they pay the enormous debt which will be incurred by paying $ 30 per bushel for wheat, $ 24 for corn, and $ 25 for corn-meal? How are the non-producers of the country to live when the inevitable effect of this action must be to double the prices of the necessaries of life in the markets? The seller will say at once that if the Government is giving $ 30 for wheat the market price will be $ 60, and many of them will hoard with the expectation of realizing that price. I fully appreciate the difficulties which surround you. I know that the scarcity is great, and that our noble Army must be fed at all hazards, but have not the commissioners overrated the difficulties? Cannot the Army be supplied without inflicting this serious blow upon the currency? Regarding the recent action of the commissioners as more fatal in its consequences than the defeat of our armies in the field, I have taken the liberty of calling your attention to this subject with the earnest hope that their action may be either reversed or essentially modified.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

JOHN GOODE, Jr.

P. S. - If you deem it inadvisable to change the schedule with reference to the community generally, ought it not to be changed so far as the detailed men are concerned? They were very glad to take the details in order to avoid military service when they supposed they would be required to furnish corn at $ 4 and wheat at $ 5 per bushel. So far from rendering service to the Government, they will esteem it

