
an inestimable privilege to be allowed to remain at home and furnish their products at those rates.

J. G., Jr.

[JULY 19, 1864. - For Brown to Davis, in regard to action of Confederate officers with reference to getting the militia of Georgia into the field for active service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 709.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 20, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your telegram of the 16th referred by the President to me. There is no principle of public law exempting the merchandise of a consul, and it might be a source of just dissatisfaction to make an exception.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP FIRST MARYLAND BATTERY,

Near Petersburg, July 20, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: I most respectfully beg leave to call your attention to the within-inclosed application for the discharge of certain members of my company, and the indorsement thereon of the Honorable Secretary of War. The facts I beg leave briefly to state are these:

On the 13th of July, 1861, the company was mustered into the service of the Confederate States for the period of three years or the war; consequently the term of service of the original members expired on the 13th instant. Not being aware of any act [of] Congress which changed the status of Marylanders, my application was made with the firm conviction that these men whom I represented as having faithfully served the term for which they were enlisted would be discharged. That they are subject to the conscription laws of the Confederate States, or that they as residents are liable under the same, I, in all due deference to the opinion of the Honorable Secretary of War, must acknowledge my inability to perceive. Believing, then, that until by representation in Congress or by its legitimate legislation otherwise exercised, the status of these men is changed, that they are entitled to an Honorable discharge, I have deemed it proper to address this communication to you in the nature of an appeal, hoping that you, in your sound judgment and discretion, may see fit to reverse the decision of the Honorable Secretary of War.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. DEMENT,

Captain First Maryland Battery.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

As this appeal is founded on a construction of laws applicable to the case, I suggest that the record be presented with these letters and referred to the Attorney-General for an opinion.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

35 R R - SERIES IV, VOL III

