
[Fifth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 15, 1864.

Respectfully returned through General R. E. Lee.

The Secretary of War has decided that Marylanders in service may justly be considered as staying in the Confederacy for an indefinite period, as residents; that they have cast their lots with us, and are liable to like duties in resisting a common enemy with our own citizens. These men will be retained in service.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STAUNTON, VA., July 20, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I respectfully suggest the importance, in view of the condition of the crops in the Valley, of suspending at least for a time the recent call for the slaves and free negroes of that region to work on fortifications or for other governmental purposes. I also submit whether there is any law authorizing a draft of slaves in Virginia except according to State law and through the Governor and the county courts. The practical fact is that now all the free negroes in the Valley are kept constantly and profitably at work under an efficient police, and that none can be spared without great mischief.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. BALDWIN.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 25, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

This presents the question raised by Mr. Baldwin relative to the power of impressing slaves in West Virginia, on which I should be pleased to have your opinion.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 26, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The act of March 26, 1863, allowed impressments generally for the "good of the service" (fourth section). The ninth section prescribed a mode for impressing slaves to labor on fortifications and public works. The tenth section contains a limitation on the impressment of slaves engaged in work on a plantation, except in cases of urgent necessity, prior to 1st of December following.

Under this act impressments for slaves might be made for other purposes than those specified in the ninth section as in other cases, July 16. The supplementary act to the general act above cited contains nothing to affect the question except that no slave employed on a plantation exclusively devoted to the production of grain should be impressed, except in cases of urgent necessity and by the command of the general commanding.

