
The matter stood thus until the act of 17th of July, referred to by Mr. Baldwin. This act authorizes the Secretary of War to employ slaves for the various military departments for the necessities of the departments, "according to laws regulating impressment of slaves in other cases. "

There is some reason to argue that the special regulations in reference to the impressment of slaves in the ninth section of the act of 1863 are those referred to in this section and by this language, but it is hardly a sound construction of the act, except in reference to those slaves who may be wanted for fortifications and to labor on public works, as the act clearly contemplates that impressments of slaves for other service might be made under the general provisions of the impressment act.

Respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE
 Richmond, July 21, 1864. No. 60.

I. Officers, contractors of the Government, and their agents are prohibited from purchasing or using wheat for feeding horses.

II. Agents, assessors, and employes on tax-in-kind service who are over forty-five years of age will not be molested by enrolling officers.

III. Paragraph 19, Medical Regulations (1163, Army Regulations), is substituted by the following:

An officer transferring medical supplies will furnish duplicate certified invoices to the officer who is to receive them, who shall furnish to the issuing officer duplicate receipts (specifying articles and quantities), accompanied by a report of the quality and condition of the supplies, and discrepancies, if any, between the articles received and invoiced, a duplicate of which report will also be sent to the Surgeon-General. With their returns of hospital property officers will forward to the Surgeon-General one of the invoices of supplies received by them and one of the receipts for supplies issued. A medical officer who turns over medical supplies to a quartermaster for storage or transportation will forward to the Surgeon-General the quartermaster's receipt for the packages. When a medical officer to whom stores are forwarded has reason to suppose them miscarried, he shall promptly inform the issuing and forwarding officers and the Surgeon-General.

IV. Paragraph 53, Medical Regulations (1197, Army Regulations), is modified as follows:

Every medical officer will report to the Surgeon-General and to the medical director the date when he arrives at a station or when he leaves it, and his orders in the case, stating the date of their reception, their nature, number, date, and source, and at the end of each month, whenever not at his station, whether on service or on leave of absence, and when on leave of absence his post-office address for the next month.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

