
BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, July 21, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to ask your attention to the following considerations:

The railroads now have no difficulty in bringing on whatever is offered; such is the report of the Quartermaster's Department. The purchasing commissaries at the south for one or two months past have been unable to collect subsistence. Funds insufficiently furnished do not suffice to furnish outstanding engagements. The people have seen the commissioners of appraisement fixing prices in relation to their view of the depreciation of the currency, thereby aggravated, and producers look for further advance without limit, and only part with their commodities when money is needed for payment of taxes and current expenditure, preferring an appreciating article to a depreciating currency.

Commissaries, therefore, cannot buy even if supplied with funds, and without them cannot impress. The law requires payment after all the preliminary difficulties have been surmounted, but the people South do not pay much regard to notices of impressment, oppose the process, and make other dispositions of their goods, refusing information thereon, while the civil law gives no remedy to unpopular proceedings instituted by officers in these cases. In addition to these difficulties the late schedule of Virginia for July and August will have a reflex action on the other States, and the poor, as usually happens, will be victims, including soldiers' families.

It is not to be expected that the first of a new crop (after that crop has been surely made) should outsell the grain when consumption has exhausted partially the surplus secured.

The estimated fund required by this Bureau to last till the next session of Congress was based on the cost of $ 2 per ration; its actual cost now is over $ 6. The means appropriated to meet the requisitions per month are not by one-third of what was the estimated expenditure per month authorized by the last law of Congress making appropriations for this Bureau. The requisitions made and unpaid are over $ 20,000 for this Bureau. Furthermore, the law respecting hospital commutations has created an expenditure needless and enormous, and the purchase of wheat and corn at $ 30 and $ 24, respectively, by the Virginia schedule and the reflex action on the other States referred to above calls for an expenditure which astounds and defies calculation.

The producers themselves who have not become blind by avarice see bankruptcy impeding and attach no value to money so recklessly spent. The poor cannot buy at all, and the Treasury will be hopelessly wrecked.

As an illustration, in one of the counties I understand the court has appointed a committee to fix the market value of wheat, and they have placed it at $ 50 per bushel under the stimulus of the commissioners of appraisements, whose decrees have hitherto been below market prices, though in the present schedule they have aimed at reaching them by consulting men competent to deal in such matters, and, I understand, by adding near 50 per cent. to the point concluded on.

This action should be at once revised. The amount of currency in circulation warrants no such prices. The scarcity here has been

