
simply the measure of the difficulty of transportation hither of corn from the South. There has been always enough of breadstuff in the land to feed all the people and the Army. Furthermore, this appraisement in its consequent effects simply gives all the bonded agriculturists exemptions free.

Under present circumstances the Army cannot be subsisted, and immediate action is necessary and obvious.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 31, 1864.

It is more easy to see the mischief here than provide the remedy. The only true corrective is in a sounder and more acceptable currency.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[JULY 21, 1864. - For Seddon to Brown, in reply to Brown to Davis of July 19, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 711.]

[JULY 21, 1864. - For Seddon to Cobb, in regard to proclamation of Governor Brown, of Georgia, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 710.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 21, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

DEAR SIR: Permit me most respectfully to present you with a statement of facts which I deem of intense interest to the Confederacy and to my native State. The three-years' term of service of many of the gentlemen of my State who have served faithfully in the Confederate cause having expired, they have been informed, and believe, that they are entitled to an Honorable discharge and are not liable to conscription.

They have come to Richmond for the purpose of obtaining what they deem their right, and have been met with indignity and insult and ordered to report to the Maryland Line. Many of these soldiers wish to recruit their health, or visit their families in Maryland, but none are willing to desert the flag they have so gallantly defended, as well you know. But I fear their sense of justice, if persistently denied, may drive them back to their homes, without your leave and to the degradation of themselves and State.

I most earnestly beg that you will apply such remedy as in your judgment may seem right and just.

And I am, most respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

J. CALVERT,

Of Maryland.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 22, 1864.

Secretary of War for consideration and remarks.

J. D.

