
[Second indorsement.]

JULY 24, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President.

I confess to little sympathy with either the position or spirit of the writer. He, in common with many other Marylanders (of Southern principles and sympathy), seems to take great merit for serving in our Confederate Army, and expects a different measure from what is exacted from our own gallant native soldiers. Now, to my conception, these Marylanders have more wrongs to avenge, more rights to assert, and more motives to service than even our own citizens, and should certainly not less cheerfully and bravely endure the sacrifices and perils of a return to the service. They are, too, inn my judgment, clearly embraced in the terms of the law which the service of all residents and plainly contemplates that soldiers in service should be retained.

I know no better description of a resident than one staying indefinitely-for a period which may endure for a long period-as, for instance, till the declaration of peace, and whose return then may be dependent on uncertain contingencies; and I have no hesitation in considering Marylanders here for the war as residents. Every privilege is granted them consistent with service, they being allowed to go to the Maryland Line and select their own companies therein. I know of no insult or offense offered to any, unless it may be that to one (not the writer, but a Mr. Simon, I think), who, in rather an offensive manner, desired to known if the Confederate authorities meant to deny or abuse the privilege of asylum to the refugee, and received rather supply the answer that men were expected to unite in defending their place of refuge and not like, the feeble and helpless, to be sheltered by the bravery and manhood of others.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

TREDEGAR IRON-WORKS,

Richmond, July 22, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I take the liberty of representing to Your Excellency that I apprehend there will be great difficulty in carrying out any enterprise for the Government involving large expenditures unless the schedule of prices recently promulgated by the commissioners for the State of Virginia can be greatly modified and very promptly. Our agents at the blast furnaces (at least one of them) write the wheat was freely sold at $10 per bushel prior to the publication of the schedule, and all seem to concur that its effect will be almost to destroy the purchasing value of the currency. As a farmer it is to my interest to get a good price for my wheat, and as a manufacturer the increase in cost of supplies must eventually come out of the Government, so far as it consumes our production, but as citizens we are all interested in sustaining the currency of the country. I am not advised whether, under the law, Your Excellency has control of this matter, but I presume under advice the commissioners, whom I know to be patriotic and intelligent men, will reconsider their action and make it conform to what seems to be the public wish. At all events, as one citizen whose labors for the Government must be very deeply

