
affected by it, I venture to present to you my experience and apprehensions.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH R. ANDERSON.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to the Secretary of War.

The subject is one of great interest, and has been considered in conference between us. This letter enforces the view that it is proper to act promptly.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 25, 1864.

The commissioners have been summoned.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., July 22, 1864.

Hon. HERSCHEL V. JOHNSON,

Sandy Grove, New Barton Post-Office, Ga.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 30th ultimo has been received,* and your suggestions on the subject of blockade-running have had from me the consideration which I always give to your opinions or suggestions. My message returning, with objections, the bill passed by Congress was not published until the 8th instant. A copy is inclosed to you, and if you please, it would I think be useful to have it published in some of your papers of widest circulation, as it contains such an exposition of the policy of the Confederate Government on the subject as will correct misrepresentations. While I am unwilling even to seem disobliging to those who have a common purpose with the Confederate Government, I am compelled by its present necessities to use full authority vested in me by Congress in this matter. I am persuaded that after understanding fully the difficulties surrounding any other course, and the obstacles thrown in the way of the Confederate Government by blockade-runners to defeat the legislation of a former session of Congress, you will concur with me in the necessity of not relaxing the regulations established. As soon as Congress had empowered the Executive to control this trade, so as to use our staples with the greatest efficiency and secure our Government against the monopoly and exactions of blockade-runners, these latter attempted to interpose the State authorities between themselves and the General Government, and thus evade the regulations. Charters thus effected are certainly not entitled to more than ordinary consideration. Many persons, not aware of the objects for which it was to be used, sanctioned with their approval the bill which authorized States to charter ships, &amp;c., which I was compelled to veto, as it would have rendered unattainable the objects of previous legislation by enabling owners to place every ship in the trade under such control as to deprive the Confederate Government of their used and of the best means of obtaining the sinews of war. An amendment was passed during the last hours of the session authorizing the exemption from the regulations of vessels already chartered by States. I could not approve this,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

