
because it was regarded as substantially liable to the objections presented in a message and sustained by the Congress. I was informed that arrangements had been made for such charters to such an extent that would have deprived the Confederate Government of the benefits it had just begun to realize from the policy of the law in regard to foreign commerce. The ships owned by the States are exempted from the regulation, and the State authorities are not prevented from chartering one-half of every vessel, one-half only being claimed for the service of the General Government. The whole of one vessel affords no greater commercial facilities to the state authorities than the half of tow; but too allow them to absorb the entire tonnage of vessels under charters made with them by parties seeking to evade the law, would probably produce embarrassing results, which in the present urgent necessities of our country I cannot consent to encounter. I believe that a full consideration of the question, and of the stringent wants of the Confederate Government, charged as it is with the armament and equipment of large armies, and the solution of the financial difficulties which do not embarrass the States, will satisfy you as to the propriety of my present action. I therefore hope for and much desire to have the approval of your sound practical judgment of the course which I have felt it my duty to pursue.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 10, 1865.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I herewith return to your Honorable body, with my objections, a bill which originated in the House entitled "An act to amend an act entitled an act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the public defense," approved February 6, 1864.

The principal provisions of the bill are unexceptionable, but one of its clauses requires to be guarded by some restriction or modification in order to prevent serious injury to the pubic service. For a proper understanding of the subject it is necessary to state certain facts, probably unknown to many members, and which have an important bearing on the policy of the Government.

Prior to the passage of the act of 6th of February, 1864, the Government was without any means of making available the cotton and tobacco in its possession for the purchase abroad and importation of supplies essential to the conduct of the war and the efficiency of the Army, o three steamers belonging to the department, and such steamers belonging to private owners as could be obtained by contract. The prices charged to the Government were too excessive to be borne, while the profits of the private owners were so great as to enable them by the payment of extravagant wages and rewards to secure (against the possibility of competition on the part of the Government) the choice of the pilots, engineers, and other officers available for the service. The large majority of those engaged in the trade were foreigners who, by the aid of the fortifications and defenses established and maintained in our harbors at the Confederate expense, were thus enabled to accumulate rapid fortunes, while depreciating our currency and exhausting our country of the productions which form its most valuable resources for needful supplies

