
during the war. In the beginning these vessels were by consent of the owners made partially available for public purposes, and a portion of their tonnage was reserved for public use, but always at very extravagant rates. Subsequently, however, even these profits were insufficient to satisfy the demands of some of the traders, and attempts were made to enhance gains by bringing State and Confederate officials into competition for the use of the vessels. The evil effects of the system were so apparent that the act of the 6th of February last was passed by your predecessors, and under its provisions regulations were adopted which were intended to guard the public interest, while still offering to private owners adequate profits to induce a continuance of the trade. For some weeks after the adoption of these regulations strenuous efforts were made by parties interested in the business to induce a relaxation of the regulations. Many of the vessels reMained unemployed on the allegation of the owners that the terms imposed by the regulations were so onerous as to render impossible the continuance of the buulations reMained unchanged, for I was satisfied, from an examination of the subject, that this complaints as unfounded, and that the withdrawal of the vessels was an experiment by a combination among the owners on the firmness of the Government. The result proved the correctness of the view, for, after various attempts to obtain increased advantages, the vessels resumed their voyages. Their number has been largely increased, the ability to export produce and import supplies on Government account has been developed to a greater extend than had been anticipated, and the credit of the Government has been so improved in foreign markets that the quotations for its loan have rapidly advanced.

It is proper here to observe that among the efforts made to induced a change of the regulations, was a warning given to--officers of the Government that the owners of vessels could make better bargains with Governors of States than with the Confederate Government, and that if the regulations were not relaxed in their favor, they would transfer their vessels to the Executive of the several States and thus withdraw them from the operations of the regulations.

Reverting to the terms of the act of 6th of February, 1864, it is to be observed that by the fifth section it was provided that nothing in the act 'shall be construed to prohibit the Confederate States or any of them from exporting any of the articles herein enumerated on their own account. " Holding in view this expression of the legislative will, the regulations authorized by the law were formed and are now in force, based substantially on the following policy:

First. That every vessel owned by private persons shall be considered on every voyage as chartered to the Confederate Government for one-half of her tonnage, outward and inward.

Second. That all private owners of cargo exported from the Confederacy shall bring in return supplies equal to one-half of the proceeds of their expected cargo.

Third. That the several States shall remain at liberty to charter the other half of each vessel, and shall be free to carry out or bring back cargo on that half without being subject to the regulations.

It will be perceived that the policy of these regulations places the several States on an equal footing with the Confederate Government so far as is possible, the only difference being that while the Confederacy imposes a forced charter for one-half of the tonnage in its own favor, it has no authority to do more for the States than to leave the

