
In your letter of the 19th of May you contested that rule with assumptions and arguments that did not carry conviction to the mind of the Department. If the Department were to admit the assumptions it would admit that the Legislature of North Carolina could withdraw from the military service the troops of that State whenever in their judgment they were necessary for State service. This would be to reverse the rule established in the Constitution of the Confederate States and paralyze the faculties of the Confederate Government for the carrying on the war. The Department has conceded many things to the government of North Carolina with the view to secure a cordial co-operation of the government and people in the defense of the country in the great struggle in which it is now engaged; but it cannot make a concession of a principle so vital as the one contained in the question under discussion. If Mr. Russell be legally liable to military service he should render it, and the Department cannot, in justice to others similarly situated, bend the law so as to discharge him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, VA., July 23, 1864.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Should you arrest Russell and have him in custody you had better make return to any writ that may be served that you hold him under the law suspending the writ of habeas corpus for seeking to evade military service.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 26, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I return herewith the application made in behalf of the State of Virginia to be allowed to control the production of the Matoaca Manufacturing Company at Petersburg, now under contract with this department. The liberal spirit always manifested by the Governor of Virginia in connection with the State resources calls for all the concession that can be made. Still, this appeal is not without its difficulty, especially as the factory referred to is by large measure the most productive establishment within the State. I have aimed for some time, as you are aware, to increase the yield of the cotton and woolen factories to a point which would enable this Bureau to respond to the demand of the other branches of the service. Throughout the extreme Southern States one of the greatest difficulties encountered proceed from the State Executives who sought to provide for the wants of the soldier and relieve also the necessities of the people. The Governor of Florida controls the only factory within the State, and the Governor of Georgia monopolizes the production of four within that State through details controlled by him.

