
Governor Watts, of Alabama, has just made an appeal for a similar favor while now, as all along from North Carolina, owing to the peculiar policy pursued by that State, we draw not a single yard of any kind of material. These encroachments and concessions go far, you will see, to defeat the accomplishment of the object in view. I feel satisfied, too, that it would be better for the State authorities to allow this department to control the factory products so far as they may be needed for military purposes, and abstain, at least as far as home resources are concerned, from their auxiliary efforts to cloth the Army. The necessities of the people and objects of charity must be postponed to the wants of the Army, and as y secured from the factories as much material as was needed. I have been thus particular because of the quarter from which this call comes, and of the fact that in spite of its merit I fell compelled to suggest that one of the medium-size factories be taken for State purposes, if one must be had, rather than the one applied for.

Your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

COMMERCIAL AGENCY OF VIRGINIA,

Richmond, May 25, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF VIRGINIA:

SIR: Application has been made to every cotton factory in this State and in North and South Carolina and Georgia to which access could be had in the hope that I might be able to obtain cotton cloth and yarns. In Virginia the universal response has been that the whole working capacity of every mill is entirely absorbed by the Confederate Government. In the other States I was assured that the Confederate States were supplied. The result is that I could not obtain from a single factory a single pound of yarns or yard of cloth, nor even a promise of any in a remote future. The agents of the Matoaca Factory in Petersburg expressed a great desire to supply the State, and are willing to have Virginia substituted for the Confederate Government. The benefit of this arrangements, which needs only the assent of the Secretary of War to this agency, would be immense and enable our very poor to reap the same. Virginia alone has yielded all to the cause. She has not in this struggle though of herself, and but for her necessities would not now interpose even a wish which might impede or in any wise interfere with the Confederate Government. The loss of this one factory cannot materially affect the Government, while the gain to Virginia would be immense. The whole dependence of this agency now for supplies is upon second hands. This increases the cost to our people. The wants of our people are too well known to you and the Honorable Secretary to say more. I trust that he will not hesitate upon your application to transfer the Matoaca factory to this agency.

Very respectfully,

S. BASSETT FRENCH,

Commercial Agent of Virginia.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 30, 1864.

Quartermaster-General for inquiry and report how far this factory can be yielded or shared with the State. It is desirable some power

