
should be allowed the State to carry out the beneficent end of the late State law to supply these people at less inordinate prices than the manufactures charge the public.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 28, 1864.

Retain for conference with the Governor of Virginia.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

JULY 28, 1864.

In answering give copy of General Lawton's to the commercial agent of the State.

J. A. S.

(Copy sent July 29, 1864.)

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
July 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I respectfully submit that the generals of reserves for the several States should be authorized to effect some organization of detailed men for military purposes. It is already settled that these detailed men constitute part of the reserve forces. Eight thousand men have already been detailed in Virginia; besides these there are at least 25,000 applications for detail pending in this State. There are 11,000 cases pending in two Congressional districts alone. Most of these are able-bodied men, and could render good service in emergencies. Now, it will not do, as a general rule, to incorporate these detailed men with the permanent companies of reserves. A reserve company is but seldom stationed for service in the county in which it was raised. Some of them are now serving at a distance of from 100 to 200 miles from their homes. A raid may be made upon a county when the reserve companies of that county are thus absent upon distant service, and there being no officers at home to call them out and embody them, no organization to which the could attach themselves, they could not be made available for local defense. It therefore becomes necessary to organize these detailed men into local companies at home. In this was only can they be armed, drilled, and made fir for service. Besides, if these local companies are formed many able-bodied men who are exempt from all military duty will join them, provided the guarantee is given that the companies will not be called out except in emergencies an for the defense of their won section. I have ascertained that in this way I can raise 300 additional men in Halifax County alone, who could be quickly moved to Staunton River bridge in case of another attack on that point. In obedience to your suggestion I inclose the rough draft of an order which would accomplish the objects indicated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. KEMPER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 26, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

