
[Seconds indorsement.]

JULY 27, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The idea is approved. Let the order be thus: All detailed men, including those between eighteen and forty-five years of age, being in the military service, should be arranged into companies and appropriate organizations by the commander of the reserve forces, to whim they will report, and who will command them. They are not expected to be called out except in emergency, occurring in or near the counties of their abode; nor will service be exacted of them beyond that county and those contiguous thereto. All exempts will be allowed and are invited to enrol themselves with such companies, so as to be prepared to aid in defending their homes when menaced by the enemy.

J. A. S.

[Inclosure.]

All detailed men, including those between eighteen and forty-five years of age, constitute a portion of the reserve forces. Their names will be borne upon the rolls of the companies of reserves organized in the company districts in which they severally reside, and will be called out for active service with their respective companies in and during emergencies; or the said detailed men may, at the discretion of the generals of reserves, be organized into independent companies for local defense and special service. The local companies of detailed men which may be organized under this order will not be required to perform service beyond the limits of the section in which they were severally raised, and will not be called into the field exception and during emergencies for the defense of their respective sections. They will be armed, disciplined, and regularly drilled under the direction of the generals of reserves. All persons capable of bearing arms who are exempt from military service will be allowed to be mustered into the local companies authorized by this order.

NEGROFOOT POST-OFFICE,

Hanover County, Va., July 27, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Since the publication of the last schedule the people of this section are terribly alarmed and pronounce the notes and bonds of the Confederate States of very little value, for if Government will pay five times more now than was paid by the former schedule for wheat they acknowledge a sad state of things, and people argue repudiation must be the ultimate result.

I implore and beg of you to use all your energies to remedy this great evil and likewise to aid all in your power the Secretary of the Treasury to restrict the gold hucksters to reasonable rates for specie, for our currency is certainly better than the Yankee issue, and what prevents a schedule to be fixed for them?

Since the schedule is published physicians have raised their charges from $6 a visit to $45, to keep up with the price of wheat and corn.

The wheat crop here is not larger than the last, but much superior in quality, and prospects for corn very good.

I remain, with much regard, your humble servant,

A. W. NOLTING.

