
[JULY 28, 1861. -For proclamation of Governor Brown, of Georgia, banishing aliens who refuse to volunteer for defense of the State, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 714.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 28, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo, relative to the appointment of commissioners to take testimony concerning the losses sustained by the citizens of Florida by the illegal conduct of the military authorities of the Confederate States, also in reference to the controversy between the railroad company and certain officers of the Confederate States, involving a complaint on the part of a circuit court in Florida, and requesting the appointment of a suitable for the command of the troops in that State, has been received.

The case you describe in your letter of losses inflicted upon citizens by unauthorized or wanton acts of military authorities has not been provided for by any act of Congress. Congress has not acknowledged its responsibility to such claims, nor have they provided for their examination. They have provided for the sequestration of the property of alien enemies to indemnify those who may suffer from confiscation acts of the United States.

For the perpetuation of testimony in cases in which property has been seized, wasted, or destroyed by the enemy, and slaves captured or abducted by them; for perpetuation of testimony where property has been destroyed, either by the military authorities or by the owners, to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy, the act of the Provisional Congress, No. 270, specifies the mode in which testimony in these cases shall be taken; and as it is analogous to the case presented in your letter, I would suggest to Your Excellency the adoption of the mode there prescribed. The act of the first session of the First Congress, chapter 5, PAGE2, relating to the destruction of property by military authorities to prevent its capture, adopts the same that the mode of proceeding designated may be pursued in that case.

The persons you have recommend will be appointed commissioners under the act of Congress "for the establishment and payment for a certain description of property (army supplies) for the use of the Army, and the object of the act is to collect testimony of the claims for the consideration of the accounting officers of the Treasury. The claims mentioned in your letter are included in the act. The commissioners can be instructed to receive testimony upon the class of claims you mention, but their report will have to receive the sanction of Congress before the accounting officer could act upon it.

No act of Congress has recognized the liability of the Government for such claims as you mention, nor made appropriation for their payment. The Department sincerely regrets the disagreement, conflict, or irritation between the authorities of Florida and the Confederate States. The patriotism and self-sacrifice of the people of Florida and the cordiality with which their government has supported the common

