
cause are fully recognized by this Department, and it would fail in its duty if it did not avoid as far as practicable affording them any cause for complaint.

Your Excellency must remember the obstructions that have been opposed to the removal of the iron on the Florida Railroad for the completion of the necessary military connections between Florida and Georgia. You can testify to the care that the Department has exercised in obtaining the best opinion and in forming a just conclusion on the subject. You can bear witness to the urgency of the measure for the common defense. Congress has passed an act empowering the Secretary of War, "whenever he shall be of opinion that it is necessary to take private property for public use, by reason of the impracticability of procuring the same by purchase, so as to accumulate necessary supplies for the Army or the good of the service in any locality, he may, by general orders, through the proper subordinate officers, authorize such property to be taken for the public use. "

The Confederacy is now in the fourth year of the war. Its posts have been blockade, and its foreign commerce nearly destroyed. The great highways of commerce in time of peace have been used as military highways in this war. They have been greatly impaired by the use and have suffered from the raids of the enemy. The necessity of taking iron from the less valuable roads in order to repair those more necessary is an imperious necessity. The Department cannot sustain the armies in the field without a resort to this expedient. One would think that honor, patriotism, and public spirit would dictate a proffer to the country of property of the kind in such an emergency, and that shame would prevent the use of any obstructive measures against an object so necessary to the public safety.

The Department has not, for the most pactations fulfilled in this particular. Injunctions and other forms of delay have been resorted to in order to prevent its action under the act of Congress in such case by railroad corporations and other representatives of individual interests.

The question arises, by what authority does a circuit court in one of the States issue an injunction against the officers of the Confederate Government who are preforming a duty under an act of Congress? Such a power was not supposed to exist in the courts of the States under the Constitution of the United States. The officers the United States were certainly liable to be sued in state courts for any misconduct or illegality, but their official functions, whether they were judicial or executive officers, were not supposed to be subject to the jurisdiction or control of the State authorities. The consequences of an attempt to exercise such a control would generally be injurious and might be fatal. The Department does not know to what length such an interposition might not be carries.

Are the generals on the field subject to an injunction whenever they establish a camp on private property or infringe the right of individual ownership? Must the collector of taxes submit to restraints of the same kind in their functions of assessing and collecting the revenues? Can the Department on Foreign Affairs be enjoined from negotiating treaties or conceding commercial advantages? Can the Postmaster-General be inhibited or restrained from selecting a particular route for his post road? Are the Executive Departments of

36 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

