
the Confederate Stats, in exercise of their ordinary functions under Confederate laws, subject to the State writs of injunction, mandamus, &amp;c.?

The power to take private property for public use is one of the great powers of Government. In this case its exercise has been delegated to one of the Executive Departments of the Government. Its exercise at this time is invoked by a great public exigency, in which all the Confederate States are concerned, and it is affirmed that the power to prevent or restrain this can be given to an inferior judge of one of the States, an officer in no wise responsible to this Confederacy.

The Department has in a multitude of cases yielded to the exercise of authority by State judicial authorities in cases in which it was exceedingly clear the judgment was erroneous and the power to decide did not exist. In some cases the judges have undertaken to examine a conscript in open court, and to pronounce, in opposition to the Medical Board, that he labored under a physical incapacity for field service, and discharged him; in other cases have withdrawn a soldier from the Army to detail him to manage private business, and the Department would be glad in this case to show its respect for the officers of Florida by yielding to its claims for jurisdiction without any contest; but Your Excellency must see that delays are dangerous, and may be to the last degree pernicious to the interests of the whole Confederacy.

Concession here involves the necessity for concession elsewhere. The great highway in Alabama has been seriously damaged for twenty-five miles. Those of Georgia may be reached by the enemy at any time. Those in Virginia and North Carolina are at all times in peril. The Department must employ all the power that it has to obtain the means to repair mischief and damage.

A just regard for the structure of our Government, for the grave and responsible duties that are imposed upon its members at the present time, and for the imminent danger in which we are all involved, would seem to require that the authorities of Florida should not interfere to embarrass the operations that have been commenced. Such h ave been the interruptions in postal communication that this Department has not had a copy of the record in the case, and does now know what the allegations of the bill are. As soon as practicable answer will be made to the mandate of the court, but it is urged and hoped that there may be no delay in the prosecution of the necessary construction of the road.

The Department will instruct the officer commanding in Florida upon the subject of the treatment due to the women and children who are referred to in your letter. There will certainly be every disposition not to aggravate to them the severities necessary to repress the crimes of deserters and disloyalists.

The commissioners recommended by you have been approved under the recent act to take evidence in case of irregular impressment, &c. The President has now under consideration the propriety of relieving Colonel Caraway Smith by some other officer, who may in some larger measure command your confidence and that of the people of your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

