
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding. &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 19th instant, transmitted through the Adjutant-General, having reference to the numerous deserters from the Federal Army. It is certainly very important to encourage such desertion; but the disposition of deserters is one of the most embarrassing subjects that has come under the consideration of the Department. Whenever they have been turned loose upon parole, exacted of fidelity or good behavior, they have soon proved themselves disaffected or turbulent and been productive in our cities of serious disorders and crimes. Efforts have been made at different points to arrange workshops on which they could be employed on wages; but if near cities, disorderly proceedings have resulted, and if at distant points, the people of the vicinity have become seriously alarmed, and have remonstrated against the effect produced upon the slaves. In some instances in which they have been sent to the owners of mining and manufacturing establishments, the owners of slaves engaged in the same works have with drawn them or threatened to do so, and the people of the vicinity have insisted on the removal or confinement of the deserters. In several instances some of these very deserters, who, after remaining a short time, have disappeared, have been recognized in raiding parties of the enemy acting as guides. In consequence we have been for the most part obliged to consider deserters as prisoners of war until opportunity offered to allow them to pass across the borders, when that privilege has ben accorded them. I cannot, therefore, think it would be judicious for the Government to come under any pledge to subsist and permit them to go anywhere they might please. The utmost that could be done would be an assurance that they would not be injured; that horses or equipments brought by them would be taken at fair valuation, and that when suitable opportunity offered they would be allowed to pass the lines. As far as practicable, the Department has tried to induce among our people living behind the enemy's armies the sentiment which their own safety likewi-that they should favor the rapid transit of deserters, and facilitate their passage of the rivers on their way to the United States. As far as may be in your power, it might be well to promote such feeling and action on the part of the people in the vicinity of General Grant's army.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

Hon. J. B. BALDWIN,

Staunton, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 20th instant, urging the importance of restoring the slaves and free negroes of the Valley District to aid in saving the large crop of that section.

I entirely agree with you in reference to the importance of retaining all the labor which can be spared consistently with more pressing

