
and immediate necessities. Recent triumphs of our army in the Valley will probably prevent the necessity of any immediate call on the reserves, and it is hoped they, together with the slave labor, will suffice to secure the crop.

In relation to the power of impressment of slave labor, I have examined the laws and had the benefit of Judge Campbell's counsel on the points presented by you. It seems to me clear, to prevent the operation of the Confederate law, it would be necessary the States should have provided laws of impressment coextensive with the necessity intended to be met. As such is confessedly not the legislation of Virginia, the Confederate law in regard to impressment must, on just principles of construction, be held applicable to the slaves of that State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 27.
Richmond, VA., July --, 1864.

I. Paragraphs IV, V, VI, VII, and VIII, of General Orders, No. 57, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, are herewith made a part of this circular, and the attention of commandants of conscripts and of disbursing officers attached to the conscript service is especially called thereto. *

II. The following additional and special regulations are established in accordance with the above-recited paragraph VIII, of General Orders, No. 57, relative to the disbursement of the appropriation for the conscript service:

1. The quartermaster at the headquarters of the commandant in each State, or the quartermaster designated for that service by the commandant, will make monthly estimates for funds to cover the probable necessary current and extraordinary expenses in that State for the succeeding month. Hew ill also every two months make an estimate of funds for "the pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, privates, and clerks" belonging specially to this service for the period of two months. These estimates will cover all the expenses of the service in the State for the period specified, and will in all cases be approved by the commandant and forwarded in time to secure prompt remittances.

2. As ordinary care and foresight will generally secure timely remittances of funds, the creation of debts by disbursing officers is expressly forbidden except upon the approval and by the order of the commandant of conscripts, who shall is such case set forth the reasons for the creation of such debt. No outstanding debt will be recognized by the Bureau unless it shall have been created in this mode.

3. All accounts or claims for personal expenses of officers of others traveling under special orders of commandants of conscripts shall be examined by the officer giving the order, who, if he approval them, shall order payment by the quartermaster. Accounts or claims for extraordinary expenses shall also be examined by the commandant of the State where they were incurred and shall only be paid on his approval and order.

---------------

*For paragraphs mentioned (here omitted), see pp. 517, 518.

---------------

