
4. Detachments without a quartermaster, whether commanded by a commissioned or non-commissioned officer, will be supplied with forage in the mode prescribed by General Orders, No. 135, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series of 1863.

5. Stationery will be issued in the mode prescribed by paragraph 1014 of the Army Regulations. If, in the opinion of the commandant, a greater quantity than is therein allowed by necessary for the service, he will order the additional issue to be made. The quartermaster at the headquarters of the commandant will provide the necessary amount of stationery for the whole State by requisition on this Bureau.

6. Hereafter no estimates will be sent forward for the commutation value of rations. The Bureau of Subsistence will furnish rations in kind or pay their fixed commutation value, and, if need be, authorize their being purchased in the open market. In this matter officers of this Bureau will observe the rules and regulations of the Bureau of Subsistence.

By order of Colonel Thomas P. August, acting superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

8 AUSTIN FRIARS, LONDON, August 1, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I am just in receipt of a letter from Major Simeon Hart, of San Antonio, Tex., in which he informs me he is ordered by his superior officer to cancel a contract entered into with me on the 16th of December, 1862. As this cancellation is reflecting dishonor upon me and withholding from me my just dues, and which alone will enable me to discharge the Honorable engagements I have made for arms, &amp;c., for the Government in this city, and as this act is inflicting upon me the greatest possible injustice, I have by this mail forwarded to Hon. J. P. Benjamin a full statement of the facts of the case, to which I have the honor to refer you. Also referring Your Excellency to Hon. Duncan F. Kenner and L. Q. C. Lamar, and praying that you will cause the cancellation rescinded at once and justice to be done me, which is all I claim; and regretting the necessity that has compelled me to call your attention to this matter, and hoping God will grant us an early pease,

I am, Mr. President, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON CLEMENTS.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 12, 1864.

Secretary of War for attention.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

To Colonel Bayne for inquiry, consideration, and report.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

On December 16, 1862, Mr. Nelson Clements addressed a letter to Major S. Hart proposing to deliver, on certain terms, at Matamoras,

