
rifles, shoes, &amp;c. The deliveries were to commence with four months after January, 1863. The proposal was accepted by Major Hart. Copy of the correspondence is inclosed. This is the contract of which Mr. Clements speaks. I am not informed that any deliveries have ever been made. The Caroline Goodyear, schooner, freighted with arms by Messrs. Sinclair, Hamilton & Co., under some private arrangement with Mr. Clements, was captured by the French fleet off the Rio Grande, but after much delay released, conditional not to deliver her cargo at any Mexico port. The cargo was landed at Havana, thrown on the marked, and purchased by Colonel Helm. It having been represented to the State Department by its agents abroad that Mr. Clements' efforts to sell his contract were doing great damage to the credit of the Government, and no deliveries having been made within four months after January 1, 1863, the order of which Mr. Clements complains was issued.

JOSEPH DENEGRE,

Captain in Charge.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSTON, December 16, 1862.

Major S. HART:

DEAR SIR: I am willing to proceed to Europe at once and use my means and my best exertions to procure 20,000 stand of muskets or Enfield rifles, with all appurtenances, 5,000 revolvers complete, 5,000 sabers, French army shoes, blankets, gray cloth and trimmings, twilled flannel, twilled flannel shirts, and felt hats, the whole invoice not to exceed $1,000,000. If the 20,000 stand of muskets or Enfield rifles cannot be obtained, 10,000. I agree to furnish, and as many of the other articles as I can obtain, and commence to deliver to you at Matamoras within four months from the 1st of January, 1863, with the agreement and understanding that you pay me on delivery of said invoice 100 per cent. upon invoice cost and charges in cotton on shipboard at the port where said goods are delivered, at 30 cents per pound. It is also agreed that there shall be no delay in furnishing the cotton. The arms are subject to proper inspection.

Very respectfully, yours,

NELSON CLEMENTS.

I accept above proposition to furnish the above-enumerated public stores.

S. HART,

Major and Quartermaster, C. S. Army.

Approved.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major Gen., Comdg. Dist. of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., August 1, 1864.

Hon. COLIN J. McRAE:

(Care of Fraser, Trenholm & Co., Liverpool, England.)

SIR: I have received the memorandum of agreement made by you with Mr. Alexander Collie, wherein he agrees to purchase, under your instructions, army supplies to the value of &200,000, to be delivered in the Confederate States.

Acting in the spirit of clause 10, I have directed a cargo to be furnished for the Falcon, carrying 1,000 bales, although she brought in

