
supplies only to the value of &amp;3,000, and came in at Wilmington, where we cannot generally supply the cotton under the contract. The price at which we are to receive the goods is low; that is prime wholesale cost, inland carriage, and 2 1/2 per cent. commission, with 50 per cent. upon the prime cost. I suppose that, making due allowance for expenses of transportation, risk, &c., the above will not give Mr. Collie much profit, but his real profit will be in the price of cotton. So long as the sea transportation is adequate to carry all the cotton that can be brought to Wilmington or Charleston on the railroads, and it can be sent out under the regulations, or in our own vessels, it is clearly our interest to realize the proceeds abroad, rather than to use it in our own port. It will be cheaper for us to pay in sterling rather than in cotton. Hereafter we will endeavor to provide the purchasing officer abroad with what is requisite to meet the wants of the War Department, and will narrow and revoke all previous contracts that we can consistently with the good faith of the Government. The present contract does not indicate the port at which the goods are to be delivered, and I have suggested to Mr. Collie that the Government will elect tat Mobile or Florida ports, immediately accessible to railroad or water navigation, and can there provide the cotton.

The Honorable Secretary of the Treasury says that "it will be impossible to forward it at Atlantic ports; that there are only 14,000 bales of Government cotton east of Alabama, and this quantity is scattered about over the face of the whole country on the plantations. "

Under the fifth clause the question has arisen as to whether duties were to be paid by Mr. Collie or the Government. The view taken by the Secretary of the Treasury and by me is that the goods are not the property of the Government, nor at its risk, until they are delivered to its agents in the port; this involves the unlading of the vessels and payment of the duties by Mr. Collie. The coupons of the new 6 per cent. bonds are received for duties; the duties, therefore, will not amount to any large sum.

The ninth section, I fear, conflicts with the regulations, the administration of which rests with the Secretary of the Treasury. But each free cargo of supplies will place us so far in arrears that the question will not be of great importance.

Mr. Watson, agent for Mr. Collie, states that this clause was inserted in lieu of certain commissions, and that if the clause cannot be executed under the law and regulations, then some compensation should be allowed to him. I would like to have your views on this point. Upon application of Mr. Watson I have issued certificates to carry out clause 11 of the contract.

Every effort is now being made to move to the ports cotton to be sent abroad for the Government, and I hope to see the shipments largely increased, and feel more and more impressed with the view that cotton may yet be made the means not only to provide us with all the supplies required, but to improve our currency at home.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[AUGUST 2, 1864. -For General Orders, No. 52, Army of Northern Virginia, regarding "the rights of certain enlisted men * * * who claim a discharge from active service,* see Series I, VOL. XLII, Part II, p. 1157.]

