
BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., August 2, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: In the course of an explanation covering other matters, Major McCrady, commanding a camp of instruction at Madison, Fla., addressing Lieut. Colonel T. A. McDonell, an inspector, under your orders, recapitulates incidentally the history of certain orders issued by the latter to the former and complied with.

Whenever the report of your inspector may be placed in your hands and your convenience may permit, your attention is respectfully invited to the apparent illegality of the particular orders referred to. The occasion suggests also a question to which your consideration is invited as to the property of defining to your inspectors their relations to the officers of the conscript service.

The Bureau will receive attention and respect any suggestions of information communicated by you relative to the operations of the conscript service that may be developed in the inspections of your officers, and suppose that nothing more is desired by yourself.

It cannot, however, recognize those inspectors when not acting under special arrangement or by authority emanating from the President of Secretary of War. The position created for it in its inception by General Orders, No. 82, of 1862 -- paragraph 4 of section II -- and 112 of same series is one which it is not authorized to waive even if it would not lose character and usefulness by so doing.

The Bureau is charged with the conduct of a system the administration of which should be uniform and governed by one head. Upon it rests the primary responsibility before the country of protecting legal rights as well as enforcing lawful obligations. None of its officers should, therefore, be held liable to obey and exceptional orders from an eccentric source and conflicting with the general tenor and system of their instructions. If they are reported and they are found to be in error or derelict, they will be corrected or removed.

The Bureau has its own system for obtaining information by reports and inspections, and also entertains all queries, complaints, or suggestions from any source, civil or military, whether those relate to the general working of its service or to particular questions at issue. All such matter is examined and reported upon the Bureau for its action by the inspector-general of conscription.

In the particular case which has suggested this letter if would seem that the conscript officer has through deference to supposed authority allowed himself, though knowing it to be wrong, to be made the instrument of violating legal rights. The act of October 11, 1862, for the examination of enrolled men, permits them to be put in the Army through one only channel, referring the question of physical ability to be determined by one only tribunal, and there is no Executive authority in the Confederacy that can prescribe any other process or examination. Colonel McDonell, acting doubtless from zeal for the good of the service, appears to have set aside the law and ordered men into service upon the opinion of a tribunal before which they were sent his direction and which was without lawful authority to act.

A copy of the letter of Major McCrady is inclosed herewith, and the passages referred to are marked with red ink. * The ultimate return

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

