
that in payment in cotton at 30 cents per pound. The arms delivered and the Gladiator's cargo do not come within the range of Mr. Slidell's remarks. He suppose a case that could not exist.

In regard to my claim for indemnity from the French, it rested [with] Mr. Slidell to approve it or reject it, and in either case I ask you, sir, if as an individual I have not a right to make a claim, and I am amenable to the Confederate Government for so doing" I claim that is has no bearing whatever upon my contract, and I only ask if I have faithfully performed my contract that my just dues under my contract that I have never even thought, much less attempted, to obtain one mill more than I am justly entitled to, directly or indirectly.

As the letter that has caused this unpleasantness was addressed to you, I have taken the liberty of addressing you also. If [it] should have gone before a different bureau, I trust you will pardon the error; and let me most earnestly request that you will cause it to be brought before His Excellency the President and receive that prompt action which the exigencies of the case require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON CLEMENTS.

AUGUST 5, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Executive Dept., Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to invite Your Excellency's attention to the state of things presented below, and to request your co-operation in applying the only remedy which, after much thought and deliberation, has appeared to be either practicable or adequate.

The Wilmington and Manchester Railroad forms an essential link in the great lines of southern railroads, and there is no exaggeration in informing you that the safety of our people and the possibility of maintaining the present contest with success depend, to a great transportation of troops and provisions, of imported articles, and of cotton for exportation.

The condition of this road, seriously impaired and worn by the constant call upon it for heavy transportation, has long excited apprehension. It is now represented on good authority that unless thoroughly repaired the road must, in three months, become wholly incapable of furnishing the transportation which the interest of the Government requires. In order to repair it ten or fifteen miles of railroad iron are absolutely necessary, and the question whence this amount of iron could best be secured has earnestly occupied the attention of the proper authorities. Under present circumstances it is evident that the only means of keeping up the efficiency of the main track lines of the Confederacy consists in repairing them at the expense of other lines of the Confederacy consists in repairing them at the expense of other lines of secondary and merely local importance.

The commission, acting on this principle, have recommended that the iron required for repairing the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad be taken from the western terminus of the eastern section of the Wilmington, Charlotte, and Rutherford Railroad from the track, namely, beyond Lawrenceburg, where are situated the workshops of the company.

This opinion is entirely approved by this department, and is indeed recommend by paramount and obvious reasons of convenience.

