
I respectfully and earnestly urge upon Your Excellency's attention the importance of a cordial co-operation on these measures between the authorities of North Carolina and those of the Confederate States.

It is much to be regretted that in the execution of this measure loss and inconvenience must unavoidably be experienced by a portion of your State. The interest affected will, however, be purely local, and it will be the object of the Confederate Government to act in all such cases as liberally and leniently as is consistent with the attainment of its object.

The Government, therefore, in removing the iron will pledge itself to replace it within six months after a treaty of peace between this country and the United States; to pay interest in the meantime on the value of the iron, estimated at schedule rates, and to protect the interest of the State of North Carolina by such security as may be recommended as fair and just.

Under the circumstances I confidently and earnestly appeal to Your Excellency for assistance and co-operation. It is impossible to overestimate the importance, from a national and military point of view, of a thorough repair of the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad. It will, I think, be found equally impossible to effect this by any course other than the one recommended above. The highest interests of our Army and our Government are involved in the question, and it is in my opinion only by the united action of State and Confederate States authorities that danger of a permanent and disastrous interruption of railroad communication can be effectually obviated.

I respectfully ask for a prompt expression of your views, and am,

Your, very respectfully,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 63.
 Richmond, August 6, 1864.

I. All detailed men (including those between eighteen and forty-five years of age) will report to and be commanded by the generals of reserves in the States to which they respectively belong, who will organize them into companies and regiments. It is not anticipated that they will be called out except in emergencies occurring in or near the counties of their residence, nor will service be exacted of them beyond those counties and these contiguous thereto. All exempts are allowed and are invited to enroll themselves with such companies, so as to be prepared to aid in defending their homes when menaced by the enemy.

II. Officers and soldiers into whose hands captured colors fall are prohibited from presenting them to individuals.

III. Paragraph V, General Orders, No. 59, current series, is not intended to apply to officers and bonded agents whoa re continuously engaged in special service by order of the chief of the bureau to which they belong and whose duties require them to travel from place to place. In such cases personal expenses are allowable in lieu of commutation of fuel, quarters, and rations. Accounts of expenses will be vouched and paid by the chief of the bureau from which the orders issue, and transportation will be furnished in kind.

IV. So much of paragraph II, General Orders, No. 55, current series, as includes commissioned officers in the operation of the "Act

