
to promote the efficiency of the cavalry of the Provisional Army, and to punish lawlessness and irregularities of any portion thereof," is revoked.

V. General Orders, No. 93, 1863, is hereby revoked.

VI. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 49, 1863, is amended as follows:

Surgeons in charge of hospitals will have the military clothing of deceased soldiers washed before turning it over to the quartermaster for reissue. The appraisement of such clothing will not exceed the prices established in general orders.

VII. Great irregularities in the observance of the orders regarding the collection of the tax in kind havingion is called to paragraphs I, II, III, and IV, General Orders, No. 48, current series which are reported and enjoined upon the Army. Those orders are not intended to authorize and quartermaster or commissary to establish tax depots in organized tax district, but to allow them, in cases where exigency requires it, to collect from producers in Government wagons. The supplies already collected at the tax depots are always transferable to them upon requisition. Attention of quartermasters and commissaries is specially called to this order. A violation of it is an outrage to the tax-payer, and the efficiency of the tax-in-kind service demands that offenders against it shall be held to strict accountability.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 185.
 Richmond, August 6, 1864.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

8 AUSTIN FRIARS, LONDON, August 6, 1864.

W. D. MILLER, Esq., or

Hon. J. H. REAGAN,

Richmond:

DEAR SIR: Our mutual friend, Mr. J. D. Shaw, has been kind enough to give me the accompanying lines to you, and you can do me a special favor and serve the Government at the same time by seeing that my matter is brought before the proper department and acted upon at once. On the 16th of December, 1862, I entered into a contract with Major Simeon Hart at Houston, Tex. This contract was approved by General J. B. Magruder, and by letter by General H. P. Bee, at whose urgent request I was induced to come. I came over and arrived here immediately; arrived the last day of March, 1863. On the 16th of

