
May I sent out the Caroline Goodyear with 7,000 Enfield rifles and 2,840 Tower muskets. This vessel anchored off the Rio Grande on the 4th of July, 1863, and had no more than anchored before she was boarded by a boat's crew from the French was steamer Panama, and notwithstanding the assurance that her cargo was for the Confederate Government, she was forcibly taken possession of and taken to Vera Cruz. On the 23d of September the Love bird, loaded with 10,000 Enfields, arrived, and after discharging 4,200 she was captured by another French war steamer and taken to Vera Cruz. On the 29th of June the steamer Gladiator arrived there-a vessel that I had loaded with blankets, flannels, flannel shirts, army shoes (over 20,000 pairs), gray army cloth, and trimmings, an invoice amounting in all to over &amp;45,000. Subsequently, and which arrived about November, the Nancy Dawson, with 2,500,000 Enfield cartridges, pistols, guns, &c. The vessel was seized by the Mexican Government and ammunition all used and destroyed by them. Under my contract I was to deliver these articles at Matamoras, where I was to be paid in cotton at 30 cents per pound, and when I made the contract cotton could them be bought in any quantity from 15 to 20 cents, currency.

To make my matter as brief as possible I beg to state that I did in good faith execute my entire contract to the letter; and although my contract distinctly expresses that there shall be no delay in delivering the cotton, and though I did deliver 4,200 Enfield rifles on 23d of last September, and the entire amount of Gladiator's cargo has been in readiness since the end of June, one year ago, yet I have had but 260 bales of cotton turned over to my agent, Mr. A. S. Ruthven, all told. When I purchased the cargo of the Gladiator I have my note for &9,000 for the faithful performance on my part, and the parties became so much dissatisfied that in april last I got the Hon. C. S. Morehead, of K. S., to go out to assist Mr. Ruthven in bringing it to a close, when to my utmost astonishment per last mail I received a notice from Major Hart that by order of his superior officer my contract with him for supply of arms, &c., was canceled, and that this was done up a letter of Mr. John Slidell to Hon. J. P. Benjamin. This is doing me the greatest possible injustice. First, it is reflecting dishonor upon me, and second, it is withholding from me the just amount that is due me for arms, &c., already delivered, and without which I cannot extricate myself. I respectfully refer you to Hon. J. P. Benjamin, to whim I have fully written by this mail, and accompanied it with such vouche my matter beyond a questions. Mr. Slidell suppose, first, that I had bought the cargo of [the] Caroline Goodyear for cash, which is not a supposable case, for I did not agree to purchase for cash, but distinctly told Major Hart and General Bee I could not. He then supposes the arms had been delivered, which is not even a supposable case, as they were captured, and never have been delivered, and I never have asked the Government to pay for them. I don't know what has induced Mr. Slidell to write such a letter, as my only correspondence with him was in regard to obtaining an indemnity from the French Government for their unjustifiable seizure.

Judge Reagan, if I have in any way, directly or indirectly, attempted to get from the Government one mill more than I am justly entitled to I will forfeit my whole claim, and I positively assure you I never have. Any institution to the contrary is the basest calumny. I have faithfully performed my contract and my duty, and I wish the Government to comply on their part, and I am ruined unless they do so

