
at once. Please do me the favor to call upon Hon. J. P. Benjamin and see my letter* and vouchers, and if you are then satisfied that I have complied faithfully on my part, do me the special favor to have it brought before the proper department and cause an order to be issued and forwarded to Texas to rescind the canceling of my contract, and request that an order accompany it to immediately deliver me the cotton for the arms delivered and for the Gladiator's cargo. I have also written the Hon. D. F. Kenner and Colonel L. Q. C. Lamar, but it must have early attention or the result will be not only most injurious and ruinous to me, but injurious to the Government. Major J. F. Minter is here and will write General E. Kirby Smith at once for me. If you will see justice done me in this matter you will confer a lasting favor, which it will ever afford me pleasure to reciprocate.

With esteem and regard, I am, your friend and obedient servant,

NELSON CLEMENTS.

P. S. -I beg to say that so far as the price of rifles is concerned I have sent the Hon. J. P. Benjamin the certificate of the accredited agent of the Confederate Government in London, Major Caleb Huse, that the price I paid was a fair and correct price, and those I delivered cost 10 per cent. less.

N. C.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with one inclosure.

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 23, 1864.

Colonel Bayne, for inquiry and report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., August 6, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

The exempted men are all liable to militia duty. Detailed men are liable to be called on for service in an exigency by the commander of the reserves in your State.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] RICHMOND, VA., August 8, 1864.

General orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office have directed quartermasters and commissaries who receive tax in kind directly from producers to give receipts "on account of tax in kind" at the end of every month for the produce thus received during

---------------

*Probably of August 5, p. 569.

---------------

