
the month, to the quartermaster on tax-in-kind service in the Congressional district where the collection is made, or in his absence to the controlling quartermaster of the State, and to state in said receipts the full name and county of the tax-payer. These instructions have not generally been followed, and in many cases have been entirely neglected. Commissaries and quartermasters will be held to strict compliance with them, both for collections already made, which should be at once receipted for if not already done, and for the future. Compliance is indispensable to the settlement of the accounts of the quartermaster of the Congressional district and of the assessor and collector.

Receipts of quartermaster-sergeants and other agents given to producers are unjust impositions on them; they are worthless for the future. The receipts of quartermasters and commissaries and regular tax agents are the only good vouchers.

The opinion seems to prevail that tax-in-kind supplies may be used wastefully and without accountability. This is error. Officers are hereby notified that they will be held to the same accountability for this property as for that received from any other source.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

COLUMBUS, GA., August 8, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: You will perceive by the inclosed resolution that the undersigned have been appointed a committee to correspond with you upon the subject embraced in the resolution. We have the honor to call your attention to the matter, and beg leave to submit the following explanations to your consideration:

First. The grading of the road is nearly completed, and may be put in order for the road bed with the labor of 500 hands in less than sixty days. It runs through a rich and populous county, where there are a large number of slaves whose labor could be contracted by the Government without serious loss or inconvenience to their owners at this season of the year.

Second. The iron could be readily obtained by the Government by impressing the rails of certain roads which are of little public importance and of no value to the Government at this time, viz, the road from Milledgeville to Eatonton, twenty-two miles, and the branch road from Union Point to Athens, about twenty miles. These roads belong to the richest corporations in the South, and they could well afford to give up these short roads for a great public benefit.

Third. The early completion of the road in question would be of very great importance to the Government, and is, in fact, a matter at the present of military necessity. The only channel of communication at present between Montgomery and the east, embraces the Montgomery and West Point road, whose gauge is different from all the other roads connecting with it, and, of course, in times of pressing necessity could not be aided by the rolling-stock of other roads. Its capacity is too limited for the purposes of the Government, and it is at all times much more liable to be destroyed by the raiding parties of the enemy than the road from Montgomery to Union Springs

