
and thence to Columbus. Witness the late destruction of over twenty-five miles of it by Rosecrans' [Stoneman's?] party and the serious inconvenience now experienced by the Government on account of it.

Fourth. The M[ontgomery] and Eufaula road connects at Union Springs with the Mobile and Girard road, and is of the same grade, and which can and will be connected with the Muscogee road at this place, and thus form a continuous chain from Montgomery to Macon, the distance from Montgomery to Columbus via Union Springs being less than 100 miles. The inclosed letter from the secretary of the Montgomery and Eufaula road expresses the readiness of the company to co-operate with the Government in the proposed completion of their road. We agree with the opinion of the late meeting of the stock-holders of the Mobile and Girard road that this matter is one of great importance to the Government, and we invite the serious attention of the War Department to it. We would suggest that, if any doubt be entertained by the authorities at Richmond as to the policy or necessity or the practicability of the measure, that a special agent be sent out to examine into it and report to the Department the facts and merits of the proposition.

We are, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

HOMER BLACKMAN,

J. L. MUSTIAN,

THOS. H. DAWSON,

Committee.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 23, 1864.

To Engineer Bureau for consideration.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

September 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

A letter was promptly written to Hon. Alfred Iverson stating that the views expressed by himself and others in relation to the Union Springs and Montgomery Railroad connection were being duly considered, but that it was feared that the pressing need for all available railroad iron to be used on main trunk lines in repairs would prevent this Bureau from recommending favorable action.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Bureau.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

Whereas, we consider the speedy completion of the road from Union Springs to Montgomery, now nearly completed, as of vital importance to the country, especially whilst the war continues, in the transportation of troops and army supplies, and which no other present channel of conveyance can furnish; and whereas, the grading of said road is now nearly completed, and with proper efforts might be finished in sixty days at the farthest; and whereas, it is now impracticable for the company to procure the iron necessary for the road, and that article can only be supplied to the Confederate States: It is therefore.

Resolved, That a committee be appointed to open a correspondence both with the directors of said road and with the Confederate Government to urge such measures as may be required to accomplish the above important object.

The above was passed at a meeting of the stockholders of the Mobile and Girard Railroad Company held July 6, 1864. The committee appointed above are Hon. Alfred Iverson, Colonel Homer Blackman, J. L. Mustian, esq., Thomas H. Dawson, esq.

