
[Inclosure No. 2.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., August 4, 1864.

Messrs. A. IVERSON, T. H. DAWSON, H. BLACKMAN, and J. L. MUSTIAN:

GENTLEMEN: Our president, Colonel L. Owen, was absent on the receipt of your communication of the 15th of July ultimo and the proceedings of the stockholders of the Girard Railroad Company, and has requested me to reply and acknowledge the receipt of your esteemed communication. There could not be at the time a meeting of the board of directors on account of absence of some. But our president and others have had an interview with General Bragg, recently here, and also with General Maury, in command here, and each concurs in great necessity of immediately building the road by the Government, and I understand have so advised the Government at Richmond, and we would respectfully return our thanks for the interest you have taken in this matter, and hope we will continue to receive your sympathy and aid should the Government undertake the building of the road.

Yours, with respect,

JOS. D. NOPPERS,

Secretary Montgomery and Eufaula Railroad.

WAR DEPARTMENT, SIGNAL BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., August 8, 1864.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: There being at present several of those employed on our secret service lines who have no defined position in the service, being but volunteers, receiving no pay, and over whom we possess in fact no power or right to control, I respectfully request that such authority may issue from you department as will empower me to direct that such men under the employ of the Signal Bureau who belong to no company or command shall immediately join some military organization with the understanding that they be at once detailed for assignment to the same duty on which they may be at the time employed. Many of them or excellent and efficient men and could not easily be replaced. Their services were accepted by Major Norris, who retained them simply as volunteers. Should they fall into the hands of the enemy we could not demand their excha not responsible to the chief of bureau, or any one else having the power, if they at any time deem it best to leave the corps, however necessary their services might be at the time, nor could we hold them responsible for disobedience of orders. Besides, if these men are liable to conscription, it might appear that this office was in a manner harboring them unlawfully. I would most respectfully suggest that the Bureau be furnished with the views of the department on the subject at as early a day as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. BARKER,

Captain and Chief of Signal Corps.

37 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

