
[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 12, 1864.

The law organizing the Signal Corps makes no provision for the enlistment or assignment in it of private soldiers. It has been the practice to detail those from the Army or Conscription Bureau, as the public service required. I see no objection to the plan proposed by Captain Barker.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 19, 1864.

The assignment of such disbanded conscripts is conformable to rule and will probably promote subordination. No objection is entertained.

J. A. S.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 29.
 Richmond, Va., August 9, 1864.

I. Circular No. 26 is hereby revoked. Hereafter all applications for detail made to the local enrolling officer will, after investigations, be forwarded with report to the district enrolling officer. If the district enrolling officer approves the application he will grant a furlough for sixty days.

The reasons for approval will be stated in full on a separate sheet and the papers forwarded through the commandant for the State, who will also express his opinion to this office for final action.

If the district enrolling officer disapproves the application he will indorse in full the reasons for his disapproval and return the papers to the local enrolling officer, who will immediately forwarded the parties to the camps of instruction, to be at once assigned to commands in the field entitled under existing orders to receive conscripts.

An appeal from the decision of the district enrolling officer can be taken, which should be forwarded through the regular channels to this Bureau for its action. If an appeal is not taken the papers will be kept on file in the office of the local enrolling officer.

Upon transmitting the appeal commandants will state the company and regiment to which the appellants have been assigned. This course will be pursued in all cases whether the applications have been made previous or subsequent to the receipt of this circular.

II. Where, in the course of transmission under previous instructions, the papers have passed from the district enrolling officer to the commandant, action similar to that herein directed will be taken by the commandant-that is, a furlough for sixty days will be granted (in case of approval), when the papers will be forwarded; or the party will be immediately assigned in case of disapproval, when the papers will be kept on files unless as appeal is taken.

III. The furlough to be granted by the district enrolling officer is in the nature of an indulgence, the object being to protect the parties during the delay, and it is revoked by the action of the Bureau.

By order of Colonel T. P. August, acting superintendent:

THOMAS GOLDTHWAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

