
HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPT SERVICE,
Augusta, August 9, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. JOHN S. PRESTON,

Superintendent Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I regret the necessity that impels me again to address you upon the financial embarrassments of the enrolling service in this State. It is now five or six months since the officers and employes in the department have received a dollar of their pay. Most of the, compelled by regulation to serve in counties remote from their homes, are entirely dependent for support upon what the Government pays them. Many of them, especially those on duty in the northern portion of the State, are remote from any Government commissary, and cannot draw their rations if they would, and in the present scarcity of transportation it is perfectly impracticable to send rations to them. Their creditors have been so often disappointed by reason of the delay in receiving their pay they now refuse longer to credit them for even the commonest necessaries of life.

Again, if Circular No. 28, current series, from the Bureau, is to be strictly enforced, and no discretion allowed in cases of extraordinary expenses, officers under orders cannot be sent into counties not penetrated by railroads. In many counties horses and mules cannot be had at any price, and nowhere can they be had for the per diem allowance of an officer. Thirty and forty dollars per day is the common price for a horse and conveyance of any sort. Many officers, having no means of their own, cannot pay such charges, and consequently cannot go; and I do not think it fair to require those more fortunate to expend their own means without hope of being reimbursed by the Government they go to serve. These difficulties are especially apparent in the case of the medical officers and district enrolling officers, who are required at stated intervals to visit the several counties of their respective districts where there are no quartermasterss, and where they are compelled to hire private conveyances at exorbitant prices.

I have found that constant inspection is essential to the efficiency of the service, and I have hitherto, by myself and by inspecting officer, maintained a close scrutiny of the acts of subordinates. It is of the last importance that this be kept up, but if officers are only to be allowed $10 per diem and transportation in kind this inspection must be abandoned in the counties not served by railroads.

I write you thus earnestly, general, because I see and feel the evils of which I write, and I trust you will use your influence to devise some means to overcome these difficulties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Commandant.

[Indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, August 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Honorable Secretary of War for instructions.

The evils and inconveniences complained of by Colonel Browne are fully recognized at this Bureau. It is very certain that the per diem of $10 will not in the greater number of cases over actual and unavoidable expenses even where Government transportation is furnished.

