
The paragraph (III) of General Orders, No. 63, current series, does not, it is thought, provide a remedy, for it is believed to be intended for officers on special service under orders, while members of medical boards and enrolling officers attached to this Bureau while traveling through their respective districts are engaged in their regular and legitimate duties, and as local officers are not entitled to their personal expenses on such journeys, but only to commutation for quarters and fuel at the fixed local rates. It is felt that this may be a harsh rule, but under existing orders and usages it appeared to be the only one to be adopted.

An extension of the provisions of that paragraph to medical, enrolling, and other officers of this Bureau while traveling from place to place under its orders or in the discharge of their regular duties might go far ils complained of, but it is respectfully urged that the efficiency and convenience of the peculiar service of the Bureau of Conscription would be more completely secure by authorizing the superintendents to fix the allowances to all such officers while in the discharge of their respective duties upon consideration of all the local and other circumstances of the case.

T. P. AUGUST,

Colonel and Acting Superintendent.

RICHMOND, VA., August 11, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

I informed Colonel Browne that until his services in Georgia could be dispensed with he would remain. You will recollect that he went for temporary service. His absence has been information to me, and I thought you would have many advantages over him in conducting the discussions with the State Executive on the questions which have been raised.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, August 11, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

SIR: The magnitude of the proposition of Captain Williams herewith presented induces me to yield to his request to lay it before you for consideration.

Among the many Missourians who are dedicating their energies to the destructive service he is pre-eminent for inventive power, practical skill, and indomitable energy. His design has been long matured, but he has withheld it until the conduct of the enemy has removed the only obvious objection to the mode of warfare embraced in his plan. I know him well. In Missouri he was engaged in the construction of her railroads, and here, laboring with small means and against formidable obstacles, he devised and perfected a submarine apparatus which finally received the official indorsement of the Board of Engineers.

Respectfully, your fellow-citizen,

URIEL WRIGHT.

