
[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 11.

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of the Navy for attention.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

August 11, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Honorable Secretary of War, because it is the plan of operations upon which Mr. Courtney, under its authority, is believed to be engaged, and because it belongs to the class of secret service means.

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

AUGUST 13, 1864.

The request that owners who may have used the inventions of the writer should be required to show their title to claim the device employed as their own is reasonable and will be remembered.

In my judgment, only ships of war and transports carrying troops, munitions of war, or supplies to armed forces are legitimate objects of the attacks contemplated. Passenger ships or those in ordinary commerce should not in general be assailed in so destructive a way, as the main aim of legitimate war in such cases is to capture, not destroy.

Only in very exceptional cases, where some special cause of destruction existed and would morally justify, should such fatal agencies be employed against passenger or commercial vessels.

J. A. S.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, August, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: The undersigned respectfully submits a plan devised and matured by him for the destruction of the transports, supplies, and commerce of the enemy, which, it is believed, needs only the patronage and encouragement of the Government to be carried into successful execution.

This plan aims at a wider destruction of the commerce of the enemy than can ever be reached by our armed privateers, and goes beyond the scope of the act of Congress which provides compensation for the destruction of the armed vessels of the enemy. It strikes not only at the armaments of the Federal Government and their transports carrying supplies and men, at depots of supplies and munitions of war, but at all commerce of the enemy lying in the ports of the United States, in transit from one port of the United States to another, in transit from a port of the United States to any port of the Confederacy, and at all commerce of the enemy on the high seas in transit from any port in the world.

This plan was designed and perfected by the undersigned as early as 1861, and consists of shipping on board of the enemy's vessels and into depots of supplies incendiary apparatus or torpedoes, to set fire

