
or exploded at a given time, it being a modification and adaptation for such purposes of the same torpedo designed to be userine apparatus designed by him, and it was reduced to form and practicability by the undersigned by actual models, copies of which are now in the Patent Office in this city.

About four months since, being compelled of necessity to let his modes of operation be known here, parties (as the undersigned is informed and believes) are now seeking to anticipate me before the departments by asking privileges and compensation, who obtained the plans of operating from mine, to my certain knowledge. Without models or anything to show, unless they have procured others to do the work for them, for they are wholly incapable of making a mechanical invention of the kind. As these parties design to anticipate be before the departments, I respectfully ask that all parties be required to produce their apparatus to be used and furnish the usual evidence of priority before the compensation is paid; otherwise there will be no protection to the inventor or the scientific or mechanical producer, who is the ground-work and soul of the service, if he can thus be forestalled by men who have the address and influence to anticipate without the brains necessary to originate.

Models of the plans of the undersigned are ready for the scrutiny of the departments, and he is prepared to give a full explanation of the models of executing it at such time as the Government may appoint.

The act of Congress now in force, aided by regulations of the departments, giving compensation for the destruction of the armed vessels of the enemy and their transports may cover a portion of this plan. It is presumed that the Government will probably regard every vessel of the enemy plying from a Federal port to any port of the Confederacy or to the mouths or rivers of the Confederacy as a "transport" within the meaning of the construction of the departments. In the actual condition of our coast the only apparent function to be performed by such vessels would be the transportation of men, supplies, or munitions of war. Commerce as such can scarcely obtain between such ports. Would the same vessel destroyed in the harbor of New York or Boston, freighted with munitions of war or having on board soldiers or marines for transportation, be an armed vessel or transport within the meaning of the act or under any regulations of the departments? Would a vessel of the enemy in transit from a foreign port to a Federal port, freighted in whole or part with munitions of war or having on board foreign mercenaries to be organized on arrival at a Federal port into the military service of the United States, be regarded as a "transport" under the construction of any privileges or inducements which may have been granted? However these questions may be answered by the Government, it is manifest that the existing legislation of Congress cannot furnish compensation for the destruction of the vessels of the enemy engaged in peaceful commerce in port or on the high seas. Additional legislation is necessary to furnish an adequate inducement to the advenf the Confederacy who are willing to strike the vessels and commerce of the enemy wherever found and of whatever character.

If the Executive authority of the Confederacy shall approve this mode of assailing the commerce of the enemy and determine to use its proper constitutional influence over the Legislative Department to procure the necessary legislation to obtain compensation, the individuals who are ready and anxious to do the work will set about it at once, without waiting for the action of Congress.

