
In so far as the plan aims at the destruction of the vessels and commerce of the enemy in transit from a foreign port, while the destruction would take place only on the high seas, the initial steps toward it would be taken while the vessel lay in port. The objection may arise that such act would be a violation of the laws of neutrality. It is not the design of the originator of this plan, nor of those who will execute it, to involve the Confederacy in any violation of the rules which regulate the conduct of neutral nations toward each other. For any act done in the port of a neutral nation the protection of this Government will not be asked or claimed. The individuals engaged on this enterprise take quod hoc all the risk of the peril. If in moving against the enemy they do any wrong to a neutral nation, they hold themselves amenable to the chances of such penalty as that nation may rightfully inflict. They do not ask this Government to be responsible for their action in such cases.

If it be objected that the execution of the plan may involve the possible life or lives of non-combatants, the answer it twofold: First, the loss of life is not an inevitable result, as the history of the sea casualties demonstrates, and the possible loss of life to non-combatants by armed privateers assailing the peaceful commerce of the enemy does not render unlawful that mode of warfare. But the second and full answer to the objection is that against an enemy who persistently repudiates the rules of civilized warfare retaliation is a moral right, having its sanction in the opinion of mankind. By the law of nations a nation who refuses to be governed by the code absolves the adversary from all obligations to its rules.

The information which is respectfully solicited is as to what classes of vessels and what description of property may be considered liable to destruction by such means, and the inducement which will be given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. WILLIAMS,

Civil and Marine Engineer.

CLIFTON HOUSE, NIAGARA FALLS, CANADA WEST,

August 11, 1864.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State Confederate States of America:

SIR: Since my last dispatch I have visited all the points in Canada at which it was probable any escaped prisoners could be found. I have circulated as widely as possible the information that all who desired to return to the discharge of their duty could obtain transportation to their respective commands within the Confederacy. For this purpose I have made arrangements with reliable gentlemen at Windsor, Niagara, Toronto, and Montreal to forward such as from time to time may require this assistance as far as Halifax, from which point they will be sent by Messrs. Weir &amp; Co. to Bermuda. The system thus organized will provide for the return of any ordinary average of escaped prisoners. If, however, any contingency should lead to the accumulation of a large number in Canada, some special arrangement like that contemplated when I left Richmond would be required. As events (to which it is scarcely prudent to refer) may soon transpire which would render this contingency by no means remote or improbable, I have deemed it my duty to defer my departure for a time. I feel the more confidence in my judgment from the

