
If I am not deceived, the elements of convulsion and revolution existing in the North have been greatly agitated by the pronunciamento of the autocrat of the White House. Not only Democrats, but Republicans are protesting against a draft to swell an army to fight to free negroes, and are declaring more boldly for State rights and the Union as it was. Many say the draft cannot and shall not be enforced. The Democracy are beginning to learn that they must endure persecution, outrage, and tyranny at the hands of the Republicans, just as soon as they can bring back their armed legions from the South. They read their own fate in that of the people of Kentucky, Missouri, and Maryland. They are beginning to lean more on the side of our people as their natural allies and as the champions of State rights and of popular liberty. Many of them wold gladly lock arms with our soldiers in crushing their common enemy, the Abolitionists. Many of them would fall into our lines if our armies occupied any States north of the Ohio for a month, or even a week. Many of them are looking to the time when they must flee their country, or fight for their inalienable rights. They are preparing for the latter alternative.

The instructions of the Secretary of War to us and the officer detailed for special have not been neglected. We have been arranging for the indispensable co-operation. It is promised, and we hope will soon be furnished. Then we will act. We have been disappointed and delayed by causes which I cannot no explain.

I fondly trust that our efforts will not be defeated or hindered by unwise and intemperate declarations of public opinion, be newspaper editors or others who are regarded as its exponents.

We have a difficult role to play, and must be judged with charity until heard in our own defense.

I am much indebted to Mr. Holcombe, Mr. Sanders, and Mr. Tucker for the earnest and active aid they have given me in promoting the objects of Mr. Thompson's and my mission.

Mr. Thompson is at Toronto and Mr. Holcombe is at the Falls. If here, or if I could delay the transmission of this communication, I should submit it to them for some expression of their opinions.

As I expect this to reach the Confederate States by a safe hand, I do not take the time and labor necessary to put it in cipher-if, indeed, there is anything worth concealing from our enemies.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 12, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive from your Department the estimates of foreign supplies, and I submit for your consideration a report made upon the same by Colonel T. L. Bayne, agent for the transportation of cotton on account of this Department. The sum of the estimates is &1,491,000; the monthly export required to meet the payments will be 6,000 bales of cotton, or 36,000 bales for the ensuing six months; the tonnage necessary for the transportation is 3,900 tons per month, nearly fifteen steamers per week, at the present average rate of freight capacity. This statement exhibits apparently the

