
impossibility, in our present circumstances, of accomplishing importations of such magnitude, and I would with great respect suggest the propriety of reconsidering the estimates, and of sending out such orders as may prevent any embarrassment on the part of General McRae in the distribution of the funds to be placed at his disposal. By the orders of my predecessor, issued since the adoption of the sub regulations of ----, all the funds in the hands of the depositaries at Liverpool are made subject to the control of General McRae for the supply of the purchasing agents of the several departments, except a balance of &amp;10,000, which is to be reserved for contingencies. I suggest that in conformity with this arrangement requisitions be made in favor of General McRae for the amount of the several estimates after warrants to be issued upon the depositaries, under which the funds will be made available to General McRae as fast as they accumulate.

From the estimates of each bureau should be deducted the amount and value of the stores expected to be received under existing contracts.

Colonel Bayne alludes to several of these, and there may be others of which he is not informed. The Collie contract alone will furnish supplies to the extent of &200,000, and this amount and all others of like character should be deducted from the estimates. Two steamers under this contract have already arrived. By the terms of this agreement 50 per cent. is to be added to the value of the goods, so that the sum to be allowed for these supplies in reduction of the estimates is in fact &300,000. And as payment is to be made in cotton at 6 pence, it will require 30,000 bales of cotton for this single contract. As 5,000 bales at present prices in England would have yielded &200,000, this unfortunate arrangement entails a positive loss of 25,000 bales of cotton, and places in a conspicuous point of view the necessity that existed for abandoning this mode of obtaining supplies. the estimates being made as moderate as the absolute necessities of the service will permit, every effort will be made on the part of this Department to place the required funds in England. The difficulties of this task must not be kept out of view. The chief is the constant interference of existing contracts giving special privileges, with the right of the Government to ship half the cargo, as provided in the regulations. Of 5,530 bales (Wilmington and Charl,868 bales + 662 bales) placed by this Department in the hands of Mr. Seixas, at Wilmington, in the month of July, only 1,672 bales went out for the "general credit of the Treasury. " The distribution was as follows: Treasury Department, 1,672 bales; Collie contract, 962 bales; Crenshaw contract, 1943 bales; payment freight, &c., 953 bales. The payment to Collie & Co. being for supplies (part of the &200,000) actually arriving, does not bear so injuriously upon our resources. But in the case of Crenshaw our means are being absorbed in the purchase of steamers that may not come into active service until the present exigency has passed. I have sent to the depositaries in Liverpool $3,000,000 in the 6 per cent. non-taxable bonds, and if encouraged to do so will send in all $10,000,000. And I have authorized General McRae and Fraser, Trenholm & Co., depositaries, in pursuance of the provisions of the act of February 17, 1864, to borrow on the hypothecation of these bonds from time to time, to be repaired out of the proceeds of expected importations of cotton. A loan of $5,000,000 on $10,000,000 of these bonds ought not to be difficult, to be repaid out of the proceeds of cotton actually arriving from week to week. The loan made by Gilliat & Co. of the &150,000 is of this character, and

