
The Department cannot form a plan of administration until the legislation of Congress on this important subject be known, and the object of this communication is simply to place before you the meager state of legislation upon the subject which will render any plan inadequate to meet the exigencies of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., January 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I beg leave to represent to you the necessity of perfecting, before the organization of the spring campaign, some arrangement by which the sick and wounded sent to the rear of large armies, preceding, during, or after engagements, may be more comfortably provided for. Reason and experience conclusively show that this cannot be accomplished by a medicinal director independent of the prompt and energetic action of a commissary and quartermaster. In order to insure concert of action upon the part of these three officers the plan laid down in papers marked A and B was referred for the consideration of the Commissary and Quartermaster Generals. No conclusion has yet been arrived at by them as far as is known to this office, and the necessity for some action being promptly taken suggests the prosperity of the matter being directly referred to the commanders of the independent commands. In paper marked C will be found the plan previously adopted by General Lee for the Army of Northern Virginia, so far as the Commissary Department is concerned. This, however, would hardly be sufficient for he requirements of your command, as it is not made applicable to temporary or wayside hospitals, for the establishment of which as great a necessity does not exist in the former as in the latter, but for which the plan is also especially designed. It is hoped that the commanding general will consider it to the interest of the service to adopt promptly the proposed or some other plan approved by his judgment as best adapted for securing the object desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

A.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, November 14, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, Richmond:

COLONEL: I desire to inform you that in the prompt establishment of hospitals in the rear of armies and in their removal from point to point, as necessitated by the contingencies of the movements in the field, the Medical Department is much embarrassed by the present system of organization of the Commissary Department. When such arrangements exist as at present in the Army of Tennessee, where these, the post commissaries, are required to consult the chief commissary of General Bragg's army and to procure special authority

