
price of provisions is greater or less than in the city of Richmond, the Secretary of War and of the Navy acting conjointly as to such increase or diminution at points where there are establishments belonging to each branch of the service.

4. No restrictions will be placed on the amount of pay to be given by contractors to detailed men, save that the wages shall conform as nearly as possible to the wages received by similar classes in the employ of the Government.

5. The extra compensation for piecework, where such work is to the advantage of the Government, shall be regulated in conformity to the classification of workmen in section 1, the commanding officer, with the approval of the chief of the bureau concerned, fixing what shall be regarded as a full day's work with "uncommon industry. "

Compensation for work turned out over and above the quantities so fixed shall be paid at the rate fixed by the "extra compensation" for full day's work.

6. This act is to be construed as applying to men detailed "from the field," and does not apply to those attached in any way to an army in the field. The allowance of $2 a day is optional with the chief of each bureau, and any less sum may be paid according to the nature of occupation and services of the detailed man. It will be paid out of the funds of the bureau employing him, and for the days in which work is actually performed, unless otherwise specially ordered by the chief of bureau. Payments to men detailed in the Medical Department, except those on duty with purveyors, will be made by the Quartermaster's Department.

7. The clothing and rations issued to all classes of detailed and enrolled men shall be the same in kind and quantity as is issued to soldiers in the field, and shall be issued by the proper officer of the War Department is such manner and at such intervals as may be directed by the Secretary of War. Whenever, from any cause, the ration cannot be issued in kind within ten due, it shall be promptly commuted at its current value by the Commissary Department.

8. In like manner, whenever the clothing allowed cannot for any cause be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department, it shall be commuted by said department at the current local value of such clothing, to be fixed by the Quartermaster-General.

9. The other allowances, viz, fuel and quarters, will be commuted to each detailed man according to rates fixed by the Quartermaster-General.

10. These orders will take effect from the 1st of August instant.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 67.
 Richmond, August 16, 1864.

I. The ration specified in paragraph II, General Orders, No. 59, current series, on which the hospital fund is to be reckoned, is as follows:

A half pound of bacon or pork, one pound and a half of flour or corn mean (equal quantities of both to be used in the reckoning), and to every 100 rations, ten pounds of rice, one gallon of vinegar, one pound

