
and a half of candles, four pounds of soap, and three pounds of salt; and at that rate for any less number of rations.

II. All horses, mules, wagons, harness, and saddles in the hands of officers, soldiers, or citizens not authorized to retain them, branded "C. S. " or "U. S.," or captured from or abandoned by the enemy, will be turned in at once to the nearest post quartermasters. But the rights of citizens, as established by General Orders, No. 61, 1863, are not intended to be divested by the operation of this paragraph; and persons having property under the conditions of that order, or who have property abandoned by the enemy of equivalent value to that taken from them, will not be molested without a special order.

Captain R. V. Gaines, assistant quartermaster, in addition to his present duty, is specially charged with looking up and securing the above described property. He will report through the inspector-general of field transportation to the Quartermaster-General.

III. Section 6, paragraph I, General Orders, No. 66, current series, is thus amended:

This act is construed to apply only to soldiers detailed from the Army and to conscripts detailed by the Bureau of Conscription for service in the several departments out of the field. The extra pay is not intended for soldiers detailed for duty in the field.

IV. All men enlisted in the forces for local defense will be held responsible in the money value of arms, equipments, &amp;c., belonging to the Government and lost by them. All such men who are employes of the Government or of contractors under the Government will have the value of lost arms, &c., deducted from their salaries or wages-the amount to be turned over by the paymaster to the ordnance officer or other officer of the command who may be accountable for the property to the Treasury. These officers are charged with the execution of this order, will account to the Treasury for the money turned over to them under it, and will make quarterly reports of arms, equipments, &c., lost (giving names of parties losing them) to the chief of the Ordnance Bureau at Richmond.

V. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 63, current series, is thus amended:

All detailed men (including those between eighteen and forty-five years of age) will report to and be commended by the general of reserves in the States in which they have been assigned or detailed, who will organize them into companies and battalions. It is not anticipated that they will be called out except in emergencies occurring in or near the counties of their residence; nor will service be exacted of them beyond those counties and counties contiguous thereto, except that companies hereafter formed may be required to perform service in repelling raids along a line of railroad running through their respective counties. All exempts are allowed and invited to enroll themselves with such companies, so as to be prepared to aid in defending their homes when menaced by the enemy.

VI. Section 6, paragraph I, General Orders, No. 44, current series, is amended to read as follows:

Cavalry divisions and brigades may each have an assistant adjutant and inspector general (not to exceed, for divisions, the grade of major and for brigades the grade of captain) in addition to the number allowed infantry divisions and brigades.

VII. The commutation allowed enlisted men under paragraphs III, IV, and VI, General Orders, No. 8, current series, is fixed at $2. 50 per diem, to take effect August 20, 1864.

38 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

