
VIII. Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 96, 1863, is amended to allow sick and wounded men on furlough to draw rations or commutation therefor (at their option) for the date of their furloughs.

IX. Issues of clothing to soldiers in general hospitals located at posts where an officer of the Quartermaster's Department is stationed will be made by the post quartermaster or a subordinate officer designated by him.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SANDY GROVE, NEAR BARTOW, GA., August 16, 1864.

[Hon. G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury:]

DEAR SIR: I see by the publication of a recent letter from you that you not only approve the policy of having a board of commissioners in the several States to fix and publish a schedule of prices to be paid by Government, but that you also recommend the adoption of the lowest scale of prices. I regret this. I did hope that a change of the head of the Department would bring a change of views upon this important subject, and that your counsels would be in favor of the abandonment of the policy. In my poor judgment Congress committed a great error in adopting it-an error which has produced serious injury, and is likely to produce greater injury for the future. As truth is elicited by interchange of views, pardon me for obtruding upon you a very brief statement of mine. The power of impressment is clearly conferred upon Congress by the Constitution; but it was evidently never intended that it should be exercised but from necessity. But the power of impressment does not carry with it the power to regulate prices. The Government may impress when its exigency demands it, but beyond that it cannot go. It must give just compensation for the property impressed. The impressment is confessedly an odious as well as an arbitrary exercise of power, and in all cases in which it is resorted to, where the circumstances do not clearly warrant it, it produces in the heart of the citizen more or less of bitterness and discontentment. If these positions be true, then is it not unwise for the Government to adopt and adhere to a policy which renders impressment necessary? That such has been and will continue to be the effect of these schedules of prices cannot admit of a doubt. I know that impressments had become necessary and had been resorted to before Congress adopted any law regulating the subject. That necessity resulted from the great depreciation of the Confederate currency. As long as that depreciation exists impressment to a greater or less extent will continue to be necessary. But the duty it inculcated and still inculcates upon Congress is to adopt a policy that will appreciate the currency and thus obviate the necessity of impressment. But Congress adopted precisely the opposite policy. They not only adopted impressment as a permanent means of raising supplies for the Army, but coupled with it a mode of fixing prices far below is so low that citizens will not voluntarily sell to the Government, and therefore impressment is indispensable. This, therefor, is the first objection I have against the existence of the State boards. Low prices are greatly It is a blessing

