
to Government and people; but attempts to establish them by law always proved disastrous and always will.

The next objection that occurs to my mind is this: The maximum policy discourages production. Heretofore, when our agricultural area was very large, this was a matter of less importance. But now that it is so circumscribed as to require all our skill and enemy to produce enough to support the Army and people it is vital. Every man ought to be governed by patriotism, and for the sake of our cause and country by willing to produce all that he possibly can, with or without price. Few, however, are animated by a spirit so noble and magnanimous. The great mass desire to be fully remunerated for their labor in time of war as well as peace. Indeed, I think the greed for gain was never so rampant as it is now. It is epidemic and chronic, nearly all are under its influence, and it is scarcely to be hoped that it can be cured by appeals to patriotic sentiment and duty, or suppressed by legislative devices. We must take things as they are and men as they are, and so shape legislation as to make the unfavorableness of the former and the selfishness of the latter subservient to the great cause in which we are struggling. Instead of being too eager to reduce prices it were better for Government to stimulate production by submitting to the prices which are incident to the condition of the currency and the abnormal condition of all the branches of trade and industry. A currency approaching the value of specie will reduce prices. Nothing else can. It is nothing but mere tinkering, financial charlatanism, to expect to appreciate Treasury notes by seizing the property of citizen and compelling them to accept as compensation half or less than half that it will command in the markets of the country. Looking to the history of the pas three years, it seems to me that it does not lie in the mouth of the Government to complain ofes of everything that is for sale. It is all the legitimate fruit of war, and the great mistake of attempting to carry it on exclusively upon credit. Congress is responsible for this, not Mr. Memminger or the Cabinet. If a vigorous system of taxation with the progress of the war, our financial condition had been entirely different to-day; our currency would have been better, our public debt infinitely less, and prices correspondingly lower. If these things be true, ought the Government to complain of prices? Especially it ought not when it is remembered that it is clothed with the taxing power to the extend to controlling for the exigencies of the war the entire property of the Confederacy. If it must pay enormous prices, it can also bring back to the Treasury by taxation sufficient to meet the demand.

The unequal operation of the schedule of prices fixed by the commissioners ought to secure its unqualified condemnation. In the nature of things impressment cannot be universal, i. e., every citizen cannot be practically subjected to it. It is applied mainly, indeed almost exclusively, to those who reside or have their plantations on or near our great lines of transportation or within striking distance from them. A large portion of the impressing officers are too lazy to extend their operations over the country generally. The consequence is that the hardships of impressment fall on comparatively few, whole justice requires that all should bear their proportionate share of the burdens of the war. The hardship is great and grievous. A has 100 bushels of wheat over and above what is necessary for his family consumption. It is for sale. It will command $25 per bushel, but the

