
Government impresses it at from $5 to $7. 50 per bushel-that is to say, he is taxed or forced to contribute to the support of Government the amount of the difference between the schedule price and the price which he could obtain in marked, which in the case supposed would be from $1,750 to $2,000 on this 100 bushels of wheat. If this policy operated on all in proportion to their means there would be no injustice or inequality, but as it touches only a few it is monstrous. Nothing can be conceived which is so calculated to produce dissatisfaction and discourage production. It ought to be at once abandoned. Labor and commerce are Siamese twins; Government should interfere with them as little as possible. If it interfere at all it should always be in a line parallel with the laws of their normal action to stimulate and encourage rather than to regulate and control. And as money is the blood of commerce, and useful only to equalize the differences of value in the exchange of the productions of labor, the only legitimated duty and function of Government is to preserve its purity and health, so that is circulation may be uniform throughout the system, regulated in volume and velocity alone by the laws of supply and demand. Labor should be encouraged by paying marked value for its productions. Commerce should be encouraged by knocking off fetters rather than cramping it by legislative restrictions. The currency can be preserved from dropsy be keeping down redundancy, and in no other way; and whilst the Confederate Government has the entire field of paper circulation, it can prevent redundancy only by making taxation in some degree commensurate with expenditure; or if this cannot be doe (and I believe it cannot now be done), then in relying upon its credit for the deficit of receipts to meet disbursements. That credit should not be in the form of Treasury notes, but in bonds payable at a period sufficiently remote to allow posterity to share part of the burdens, as it will reap all the blessings, of this revolution.

Hence you will perceive (Ising) that I do not approve the legislation of Congress imposing heavy restrictions upon our foreign commerce, impressing all the blockade-running vessels and compelling them to share their cargoes equally with the Confederate States. It will crush out in due time that branch of business. When existing vessels shall have been destroyed or fallen into the hands of the enemy few more, if any, will be built. Men will not hazard such large amounts of private capital as are required to put steamers afloat if they are not permitted by Government to reap all the fruits of their investments. This, at least, is my poor opinion. It were better for the Government to give the utmost encouragement to this branch of enterprise. It might pass such laws as would make it the interest of the blockaders to bring in necessaries to the exclusion of mere luxuries, and in what way procure more copious supplies for the Army that will possibly result from existing laws and regulations.

Strictly this is a digression from the main subject of this communication, but as it is germane you will pardon it. I also beg pardon for troubling you with so long a letter-three times as long as I intended above I have seen the impressing officer of this county (Jefferson). He informs me that he cannot get wheat at schedule price ($5 per bushel). This is not singular, when it is remembered that Confederate money is worth only about 5 cents on the dollar, making the schedule price in fact but 25 cents per bushel. How are the farmers to pay their taxes? Why not pay something like market value for supplies? The taxing power enables the Government to reimburse

