
itself amply and fully. Why persist in a policy that produces such deep and widespread dissatisfaction? Wheat is now selling in Augusta at $30 per bushel. Why not strike a fair medium and offer at once $30 per bushel? With this the country will be satisfied. They will not be satisfied with less. And to add to the discontent the Government is not paying for what it gets. It is simply giving the planters a receipt for the produce containing a promise to pay, which promise may be redeemed in a reasonable time, or in a year, or never. This is all wrong-suicidal in policy. The Government should pay cash for what it impresses and pay for prices. In a revolution like this it is immensely important to keep the people satisfied and in good humor. They are reasonably patriotic and willing to make sacrifices; but their forbearance may be broken down. As matters now stand, I assure you and the Secretary of War that it will be difficult to procure supplies. The surplus of wheat is the rates now offered for what those who have surplus will hurry it off to the markets in which they can obtain from $25 to $30 per bushel. They are doing it rapidly, and very soon it will have passed from their hands. The Secretary of War should act promptly and authorize his impressing agents to pay $20 per bushel, which in only $1 per bushel in real value. When it is notorious that in peace times what was never worth less than $1. 25 to $2 per bushel; and with due respect and in all candor I will say that it is of the utmost importance that the Secretary of the Treasury should see to it that the funds be furnished to pay cash for supplies. I know what I say. I am of the people. I know their temper, and I assure you that what I say is worthy of consideration and prompt action. Pay not regard whatever to schedule prices. They are simply ridiculous. It is mere mockery to offer $5 per bushel for what and $4 for corn which is now selling for $12 to $15 per bushel. I hope you will not be offended at my urgency. I speak what I believe to be for the good of the country. We cannot pause now to count dollars and cents too closely. The Government, like the people, must submit to the necessities of our condition.

The Senate at the last session passed a bill to levy and additional tithe to be taken at schedule prices. It was a good measure, for no matter what the prices might have been, as all came within its operation, it would have acted equally and justly. But the House refused to pass it. The House committed a great mistake. It would have supplied the Armympressment. The Senate also passed a bill to pay for supplies in specie certificated payable after the war. The House refused to agree to it and thus committed another mistake. That form of credit would have been satisfactory to the people. I voted for both measures because I thought I saw in them that which would efficiently tend to the improvement of our currency. Thus we are left to higgle with the people by arbitration over prices for supplies. My dear sir, be bold; don't hesitate to take the responsibility to rescue us from disaster by all proper means.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

HERSCHEL V. JOHNSON.

P. S. -Of course, if you should desire, you are at liberty to show this to the Secretary of War or any other person by whose perusal of it you may think any good might be accomplished. No man is more thoroughly friendly to the Administration than I.

H. V. J.

