
RICHMOND, VA., August 16, 1864.

Hon. A. M. CLAYTON,

Judge of the District of the State of Mississippi to the effect that the military commanders would receive valuable assistance in the proper administration of that department if a more active co-operation were extended to them by the civil authorities. It is thought that frequent sessions of your court would be specially beneficial if held near the lines, where trading with the enemy and other illegal practices are said to prevail, and where the necessary witness could be readily assembled. Canton, Brandon, and Jackson have been suggested as places suitable for the purpose. At this distance I cannot venture to do more than invite your attention to the matter, as your friend, and to mention to you that complaints the premises. You will of course exercise your own discretion in the promises. I shall be glad to hear from you always, and I sincerely trust that your health and strength enable you to bear the trials and discomforts to which you are necessarily subjected.

With my kindest remembrances to your-wife and daughter.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

C. S. QUARTERMASTER'S DEPT., RAILROAD BUREAU,

Richmond, August 16, 1864.

General LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to return you the papers relative to a reduction of employes on the North Carolina Railroad to the number required by law; and in reply have to say that such a step, in my opinion, would result in embarrassment to the transportation of supplies over this road. The demands of this road for labor have been always excessive and no doubt are so in this instance, but from my information as to the actual wants of a railroad doing so much work as the North Carolina company, I am satisfied that it is impossible to operate and keep it up with the one man per mile allowed by law. The worst feature in reducing the force upon a railroad is that the deterioration consequent upon such a step is so gradual that it is scarcely perceived before the injury is very serious, and to restore a badly worn road to good condition with the present difficulties is a most difficult matter.

In consequence of a reduction of force on the North Carolina road it became in the fall of 1862 and spring of 1863 nearly impassable, but the efforts of the superintendent, aided by all that you could do for him, have resulted in making it one of the best roads in the Confederacy. You surely cannot have forgotten, genera, the frequent and anxious conferences had in regard to this very road, and it is proper to say that its present efficient condition is due to the liberal details secured through you and rendered necessary by its then deplorable condition. It seems very hard that when our efforts are meeting with success that the policy which dictated the efforts is to be totally ignored.

I can refer you for a similar case with similar results to the South Carolina Railroad. We have fostered it and encouraged it until its condition is vastly improved, but if this law is enforced depreciation

