
cannot be avoided. You know how intense was your anxiety in regard to it and how every means was exhausted to supply it with men and materraging it is now, just as it has gotten on rising ground, to restrict its facilities.

The condition of every railroad in the Confederacy is affected by this law and if it is enforced many of them will suffer. It is a mistake to suppose that "other roads," entitled to not half so many exemptions, in more exposed situations, and a as busily engaged in Government transportation, were successfully operated without calling for "details. " Their trains run, it is true, but labor is needed by all and sooner or later must be given. It was a short-sighted policy that run the road's machinery down and we were just recovering from the effects of it when the present law was passed. No lesson seems to have been learned by experience.

In the regulations carrying out the late law the subject of details is left entirely with the Bureau of Conscription. If the execution of the law is paramount to every other consideration, then applications are useless; but if it is thought that keeping up the railroads is a matter of sufficient moment to allow all consistent advantages to them, the application is worthy of very grave attention. But before any decision is given the wants of the road should be specifically stated. It is not in the correspondence.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 20, 1864.

The within papers are respectfully submitted to Honorable Secretary of War, with the earnest request that the Bureau of Conscription be instructed to allow to this road all the details applied for. They are believed to be absolutely essential to the efficiency of a road upon which we rely very much for all our supplies.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 22, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

It is evident, I think, that claim for details on this road are exorbitant. Whether the number should be reduced to the number allowed by law is more doubtful; there should certainly be a reduction, but there is not evidence afforded of the extent. You had probably better district an officer capable of judging, yet not committed to consider primarily the railroad interests, to examine and report on this point.

J. A. S.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE NORTH CAROLINA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Vance, June 28, 1864.

Colonel PETER MALLETT,

Commanding Conscripts, Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your letter of last week, covering a copy of the decision of Colonel Preston in relation to the large force we have

