
sent this, thinking possibly that the same suggestions I make might meet your eye in a more agreeable form. I see nothing, however, in the letter or the editorial but additiona mind that we ought now to have the very best writers in the Confederacy engaged either as editors or regular contributors to the press. I have seen the evil effect flowing from the editorial attack upon Mr. Benjamin in the Richmond papers. Mr. Chase, I have no doubt, had much cause to thank the Richmond editors for applying the name Jew as a term of contemptuous reproach to our Secretary of State, for large subscription to his 7. 30 stock was made immediately by this very class at the North some of whom remarked to me in the streets of Philadelphia, "Puritanism is worse at the South than in New England. ' Honorable James A. Bayard, of Delaware, in a conversation I had with him in February, 1862, remarked that if President Davis could obtain the cordial support of all the papers of the South, which he richly deserved, the war would close in six months, but that the silly attacks in the Richmond press tended to prolong the struggle, as it gave point to the abolitionists, who claim that there is a large Union element at the South. I feel very great hesitation in sending this to you, but I think it can certainly do no harm, except it be adding additional trouble to you in reading it.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. C. HAYES,

Register's Office, Richmond House.

[First indorsement.]

General Bragg for consideration.

[Second indorsement.]

HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
August 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

This paper contains suggestions which I deem valuable and practicable. The employment of some judicious person to operate on this class of people through our own press and that of the North would no doubt be attended with good results. In this connection I suggest the printing in English, German, and French a large number of the recent general orders inviting foreigners in the Federal ranks to come to us and offering them protection. With care many of these papers could be introduced into the enemy's lines.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Thir

AUGUST 24, 1864.

Secretary of War for consideration and conference.

J. D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 6, 1864.

Honorable C. J. McRAE,

Burlington Hotel, London, England:

SIR: Honorable J. E. Ward, of Georgia, has submitted to the Department plans suggest by certain capitalists in London, who large holders of cotton bonds, to which he has sought my approval. The plan contemplates in substance that the bondholders subscribe 10 per cent. of

