
on our road, I have nothing further to add to the facts and suggestions heretofore made to you, to the Bureau of Conscription, and the Secretary of War. If the Government can dispense with a large part of the transportation afforded by this road, then we will not need so many hands; but if it is desirable to have it worked to its full capacity, then we can spare none of them. The Government can take its choice-either have the men and let the road and Army suffer, or leave the men alone and let the road be worked as advantageously as possible. As soon as you take the men I must stop all other trains from running on this road. There are now six foreign trains at work here. We can barely keep enough wood on the road from day to day. We cannot do with less men than we now have. Take those we have and I know not where to supply their places, even so far as labor is concerned. Those who get wood off their own land are doubly valuable to us, for they furnish not only wood, which otherwise we cannot obtain, but the labor also.

Will you please refer this letter to the chief of the Bureau, that he may confer with the Quartermaster-General.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS WEBB,

President.

[First indorsement.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Raleigh, N. C. June 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Bureau of Conscription for instructions.

PETER MALLETT,

Colonel, Commandant Conscripts, North Carolina.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, August 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

This communication is in reply to an indorsement on the report of an inspection of this road, which developed the fact that the number of employes liable to conscription was largely in excess of the number of exemptions authorized by law. It is considered that the number of exempts allowed was sufficiently large to include all whose services were indispensable because of mechanical or scientific skill, business experience, capacity, &amp;c., and that what other labor was required it should be procured form other sources, and the commandant of conscripts was directed so to inform the officers of this road, that efforts should at once be made to make the changes indicated. It was observed that other roads entitled to not half so many exemptions, in more exposed situation, and as busily engaged in Government transportation, were successfully operated without calling for details, and no reason was perceived why an exception in favor of this one should be made, traversing, as it does, a fertile and large slave-holding region. It was not proposed to insist on a violent change, but that the reduction should be a gradual as circumstances permitted, while assurances were given that diligent and bona fide efforts were being made to effect other arrangements. The statements in this communication render arbitrary action necessary, but before adopting such a course the action proposed is submitted for approval. It is proposed to make a reduction of one-fourth at the end of thirty days

