
and of one-eight at the end of every succeeding fifteen days until the number of employes is confined within the limits recognized by law.

T. P. AUGUST,

Colonel and Acting Superintendent.

[AUGUST 16, 1864. -For Watts to Maury, in regard to the organization of the militia of Alabama for defense of the State, see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 780.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 18, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

SIR: You will require the chief of the Bureau of Conscription to furnish you a list of all officers employed on conscript duty, the post of duty, order of assignment, and by what commission they are serving. You will aloe require to be submitted to you such report as has been received of inspections made, and of the enrollment and distribution of recruits within the last six months. While these returns are in course of preparation they will, as completed, be submitted for examination and such action as may be found needful.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[AUGUST 19, 1864. -For orders of the Governor of Georgia placing the militia division under command of General Hood, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 724.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 20, 1864.

Major Gen. SAM JONES,

Commanding, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th instant addressed to the Commissary-General has been referred to me. The mode of utilizing the surplus products of detailed or exempt farmers suggested by you, viz, by authorizing them to be sold to county boards of relief or other associations for the supply of indigent soldier's families, has been in various instances sanctioned by the Department. Care, however, should be taken that the purchases from exempted and detailed farmers are either for the Government of the families of soldiers. The boards of relief have frequently wider duties than the relief of soldier's families, and I have no authority to allow purchases except for the class specified in the law.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SPOTSWOOD HOTEL, Secretary of War.

SPOTSWOOD HOTEL, Richmond, August 20, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: There is a law, approved October 12, 1864, giving to the President authority to commission officers temporarily for recruiting service.

