
I believe that in the present condition of affairs in Kentucky, if you would commission me as colonel of cavalry and allow me to select, say, ten men, all Kentuckians, to operate with me, I could be the means of doing much good for our cause in Kentucky, and in a few months would raise certainly a regiment, and perhaps more men, for the service. I would select substantial, active men from different portions of the State-men who have some personal influence in their immediate neighborhoods-send them into the State, partly to recruit and partly to communicate with the discontents, and for them to this Government. I will myself go into the State and attempt the formation of a secret Southern society, the object of which shall be to throw all obstacles possible in the way of the Lincoln Administration in the State, to aid those who desire to come out, and if the occasion should offer to take up arms simultaneously all over the State for our cause. I believe, sir, that I could do much good in this way. I am satisfied that by the day of the Presidential election I would enlist a sufficient number of men and, holding them in the mountain of the State, could control that end of the State to such an extent as at least to allow the people to have a fair vote. I ask for the commission, sir, for the simple reason that I am not able to go on such an enterprise without some means of support for my family; otherwise I would desire only the authority to go into the State to recruit. I will assure you, sir, that as soon as I am satisfied that I cannot succeed in my endeavors I will return the commission. I think three, or at the most four, months will certainly determine the matter. An early answer is respectfully requested.

Respectfully,

ROBT. J. BRECKINRIDGE.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

This application is free from one objection, that of conflict with enrollment, but whether the others are such as to prevent compliance is submitted for your advice.

J. D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 21, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

Colonel Gorgas, of Ordnance Bureau, has sent on arms which he thinks will reach you in time without stopping those on the way. *

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., August 22, 1864.

Hon. G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: On the 6th of August I received a request from the Secretary of War at your suggestion to meet the commissioners from the other States in Richmond on the 10th instant for conference. In consequence of interruption of the mails I very much regret that the communication was received too late for me to comply, as I am sure that

---------------

*This in reply to Clark of August 18, Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 781.

---------------

