
benefit must result from such conference. Allow me to assure of the hearty co-operation of the commissioners of this State in carrying out the suggestions of that conference, and an earnest desire to contribute by our action in sustaining the credit of the Confederate currency. I take the liberty of inclosing herewith the outline of a new mode of impressment, which should be properly addressed to the Secretary of War, and was intended to be signed by the commissioned from Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, but the mails are so uncertain I prefer submitting it to you for your consideration, and if you think well of the plan soliciting your influence in having it carried out. I am aware that the plan needs perfecting, but believe that if perfected and adopted it will result very beneficially in sustaining our currency by reducing prices of the leading articles of consumption. It may be urged that there is no authority for such action under the impressment law. Still, I would urge it as a war measure, and I believe that it will meet the approval of nine-tenths of the people.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. C. FARISS,

Commissioner for Alabama.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE, September 16, 1864.

When the Secretary of War is invested with despotic power he may issue the appropriate orders to effect this plan. When he can punish inflexibly and vindictively every violation of the rules promulgated he may hope to have them observed.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP.

[Inclosure.]

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The undersigned, commissioners under the impressment act for the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia, having in view the best interests of the Government and speaking from daily observation, most respectfully recommend: That it is to the interest of the Government that orders be issued to the Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments to at once notify producers in each of the Confederate States that the whole of the surplus production of wheat, corn, oats, rye, fodder, bacon, beef, lard, &amp;c., must be held subject to the order of the Confederate Government, to be paid for at commissioners' schedule rates, and to be delivered at the usual places of shipment only when called for by the agents of the Government. We most respectfully submit briefly the following reasons for this policy:

First. The Government, by becoming the purchaser of the whole surplus, at once removes all competition from either speculators or non-producers.

Second. That the private barns, cribs, and store-houses are the safest places for the Government to store such supplies, and the owners of the said supplies the best agents. As the Government will only pay for the amount delivered, it is safe to presume that producers will protect their [own interests].

Third. That but for speculators and non-producers offering higher prices than schedule rates published by the commissioners, producers would be entirely satisfied with these rates, and we believe prices could be in a few months materially reduced.

