
Fourth. There are a large number of distillers in each of the States manufacturing under contracts, either State or Confederate. To fill these contracts they are offering most exorbitant prices for grain, thereby causing dissatisfaction with schedule rates, and at the same time depreciating our currency. We further respectfully suggest that the whole matter of impressment and purchase of supplies should be in the hands of the officers of the tax in kind, and that they be instructed to supply non-producers at cost certain amounts, according to the number they may have in the family, which shall be ascertained by affidavit of the applicant; and also that they be instructed to furnish retail grocers in towns and cities, on their oath to the effect that the supplies are for the purpose of retailing, and binding themselves not to charge exceeding-per cent. above cost. Also, that distillers under contract to the Confederate States be allowed to draw their supplies of grain from the same source.

The above views are most respectfully presented to the consideration of the War Department, believing, as we do, that if perfected and carried into operation the plan will result in great benefit to the Government and people.

We have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. C. FARISS,

Commissioner for Alabama.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 22, 1864.

Major C. BOYLE,

Provost-Marshal, Gordonsville, Va.:

SIR: Mr. J. M. F. Fant, of Culpeper, reports that you have caused to be detailed at Gordonsville some twenty boxes of tobacco and require my permit before allowing it to be carried to Culpeper County. You are requested to state on what special authority the transportation of goods to Culpeper and Fauquier Counties, while not within the lines of the enemy, nor in any part occupied by them, is prohibited. I do not see that the Department or any of its officers has the right to stop the passage of articles of merchandise from one county of the State to another.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 23, 1864.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

all foreigners, not as residents subject to military duty, are entitled to leave the Confederacy from any ports to neutral countries.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[AUGUST 23, 1864. -For Lee to Seddon, in regard to recruiting for the Army, and Seddon's reply (August 26), see Series I, VOL. XLII, Part II, pp. 1199, 1203.]

