
prices not exceeding those fixed at the time for like articles by s of the State under the impressment act. It has been represented to the Department that there are instances of persons exempt or detailed under this act who pay but little respect to the obligations they have contracted; that they have become speculators obligations they have contracted; that they have become speculators in food and provisions; that they are negligent and careless as to the extent of their productions, and openly affirm that they do not mean to have any surplus. The Department is required in all such or similar cases to revoke the detail, and the performance of this duty is devolved upon the Bureau of Conscription, upon proper testimony being afforded to them or to their officers to be designated by them to perform this duty.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 203.
 Richmond, August 27, 1864.

* * * * *

XXXIV. In view of the importance of harmony of action and uniformity with reference to prices in States contiguous and similarly situated, the commissioners to fix prices in the States of South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee are instructed to convene for conference and mutual concert of action, as far as may by them be deemed practicable and expedient, on the 20th of September next at Montgomery, Ala. ON the 30th of the same month the commissioners for Virginia and North Carolina will convene for like purposes at Raleigh, N. C. Attention to this order is particularly requested and prompt compliance enjoined.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 70.
 Richmond, August 29, 1864.

I. In consequence of the addition of fifty artillery officers for ordnance duty by act of Congress, approved June 10, 1864, the distribution of grades announced in General Orders, No. 110, 1863, is changed to the following: Five lieutenant-colonels, ten majors, eighty-five captains, sixty first lieutenants, and forty second lieutenants.

II. These officers, together with such officers of the regular Confederate Army and field officers of the provisional artillery as are placed on ordnance duty by the Secretary of War, will alone, hereafter, constitute the corps of officers for ordnance duty. All other officers on ordnance duty are only incidentally ordnance offices, and are liable to be replaced by the class of officers above enumerated.

III. All officers on ordnance duty will, without delay, report by letter to the Chief of Ordnance at Richmond, stating, first, their rank; second, date of commission; third, arm of service; fourth, the State to which they belong; fifth, date of assignment to ordnance duty; sixth, the authority by which assigned, furnishing date, and, if possible, copy of order of assignment. Officers of the Regular Army will

