
report both their regular and provisional commissions or commissions conferring temporary rank.

IV. Appointments in the corps of artillery officers for ordnance duty established by acts of Congress approved April 21, 1862, September 16, 1862, and June 10, 1864, will be made to the grade of second lieutenants after the usual examinations. Candidates examined prior to the passage of act approved June 10, 1864, may, however, on recommendation, be appointed to grades for which they were recommended and in which they have been erring under General Orders, No. 12, 1863.

V. The Government foundry, blacksmith shops, and laboratory of the Ordnance Department at Salisbury, N. C., will hereafter be known the Ordnance Department at Salisbury, N. C., will hereafter be known as the "Salisbury Arsenal. "

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., August 29, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a list of the officers employed on duty in this office, as requested.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. LAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Superintendent.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, September 5, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

There appear to be several points in this report inviting attention.

First. An able-bodied colonel has for two years done office duty, whilst his regiment has been on hard field service in the Army of Virginia. The duty could be as well performed by a disabled officer, of whom we have so many. In that event this colonel might see a little field service yet before the war is over the learn something of the rules of discipline and respect for his superiors, of which he appears to be much in need from the inclosed copy of a letter recently addressed to this office. *

Second. The officer charged with the duty of general inspection does not seem to devote them time to it. He has been in this city since March, except when absent as a volunteer on General Beauregard's staff for a short time. I have called for the reports of his inspections, but received none.

Third. The duties assigned Lieutenant Goldthwaite seem to be too important to be instructed to so young a man without experience, and could better be performed by some older and good soldier disabled by wounds.

---------------

*See August 2, p. 568.

39 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

---------------

