
his funds directly from headquarters at Richmond, to be assigned to the performance of such duties of the Quartermaster's Department as relate to the organization of hospitals, and the transportation of the sick and wounded for hospitalsortation of the sick and wounded for hospitals organized and to be organized, or transferred in the rear of the several armies of the Confederacy now in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

C.

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 28, 1863.

In all cases of battle the commissary of each division will detail an assistant commissary for temporary duty at the field hospital. The officer thus selected will report in person to the chief surgeon of division, and will give his special attention to the subsisting of the sick and wounded. He will procure the necessary supplies from the division commissary train, and will obtain the necessary funds from the division commissary for the purchase of such food as the country affords and may be necessary for the benefit of the sick and wounded.

He will carry out such instructions pertaining to the subsistence department as may be required by the surgeon in charge of the hospital. It shall be the duty of the corps commissaries to see that this detail is promptly made.

R. G. COLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, January 29, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of 13th instant was about ten days on its way and reached my office during my absence in Southwestern Georgia. In reply I have to state that the troops organized under your call for six months cannot be relied upon to relieve General Beauregard. The term of service of part of them has already expired, and they have been mustered out and discharged. On the 4th of February, only five days heme, the term of nearly all the others expires, and they will also be discharged.

Your requisition and their muster-rolls called for a six-months' term from the time they were mustered in, and not a six-months' term of active duty. The law of Congress under which you made the call declares them to be part of the armies of the Confederacy, but gives them pay and rations only while they may be in active service. Hence the time ran in their favor from the time they were mustered in, whether in active service or not.

The failure of the Government to keep its faith with that part of the State Guard who were called out early in September last and kept constantly in the field, when no raid was approaching Georgia, and no sudden emergency called for their services, has not only seriously injured our prospect for a supply of provisions the ensuing year,

