
[Inclosure No. 2.]

Statement of the particular duties performed by the officers of the Bureau of Conscription, requested by General Bragg in his communication of the 30th instant, to be furnished for file with the list of the names, &amp;c., of said officers, heretofore furnished.

Brigadier Gen. J. S. Preston, superintendent.

Colonel T. P. August, charged with the examination and determination of all applications for exemption, details for agricultural purposes, and the investigation of questions of a legal character.

Lieut. Colonel G. W. Lay, charged with the duties of general inspection.

Major John Claiborne, charged with the duty of superintending the disbursement of the fund appropriated by Congress for the expenses of conscription, its proper distribution amongst the quartermasters of the conscripts service, and the supervision of their accounts.

Captain C. B. Duffield, the executive officer of the Bureau, intrusted with the management of its business, and charged with the special duty of issuing orders, preparing general instructions to the officers of conscription, and of communicating information to persons calling at the Bureau upon business of a general nature.

Lieut. Thomas Goldthwaite, charged with the examination and determination of all applications for details, except the agricultural, and with giving instructions to the officers of conscription pertaining thereto; with the disposition of all papers relating to persons ascertained by the boards to be unfit for duty in the field, but fit for any of the duties specified in the eighth section of the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, and with action upon papers of a general character.

Lieut. J. A. Lynham, chargct supervision and conduct of the records of the Bureau, performs the duties of a chief clerk, and with a part of the general papers, and is general assistant, &c.

Lieut. Thomas Pickney, charged with the disposition of all papers relating to absentees without leave and deserters, and with reports from commandants, and a part of the papers of a general character.

Forwarded in the absence of the superintendent.

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Acting Superintendent.

STATE OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 29, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have carefully considered the case made by Major Boyle* in justification of his interference with our citizens in transit to their homes and places of business with their purchases, made in this market or elsewhere, and I cannot see that it touches the grievance which I presented for your consideration. My complaint is that the citizens of Virginia, whose rights I am bound, as far as practicable, to protect, are not allowed to take with them to their own use or for sale to their neighborhood and customers, neither they nor such persons being within the enemy's lines, but all being within the jurisdiction of the State of Virginia.

---------------

*See August 26, p. 605.

---------------

