
The regulations made by General Lee and under which Major Boyle shelters himself will receive, of course, your careful attention; but I will call your attention to them particularly. By reference to the second paragraph, certain articles are not "permitted to pass the lines of this army to the territories of the United States, or to any part of the Confederate States occupied by the enemy, without permission," &amp;c. In the letter of General Lee to Major Boyle will be found this extract:

It is desirable that the enemy should not be informed that the Government authorizes such a trade, as it would no doubt prevent it. If the carriers appear only as persons engaged in private ventures there will be less difficulties.

It is manifest without comment that these orders in no manner touch the trade to which I refer. The one, being ostensibly illegitimate but yet valuable to the Government, could of course only be carried on with the knowledge and permission thereof; but the other, being perfectly legitimate and altogether proper, is restrained by no law, and should be encouraged rather than restrained for the good of the citizen, so much and so seriously oppressed.

But Major Boyle says that "large quantities of cotton, tobacco, &c., are carried to the frontier for the purpose of being transported, when opportunity will permit, to the enemy's country. " This may be true. It is, however, only an inference, and cannot affect the legitimate trade for which I contend. Violation of commercial regulations has prevailed in every country and age, and still it does not affect the rights of legitimate traffic. Those who violate laws must take the consequences when convicted; but surely those who are but in the exercise of their rights must not be denied them because of the rascality of others. Major Noland obviously has reference to his own regulations, the effect of which denies to the people of Northern Virginia the right to sell their goods except upon tey him, when no such restrictions are imposed upon other sections of the State. But there is no difference between us about the law, as I understood you. Permits are necessary under the regulations referred to when the purpose is to go into the enemy's lines for supplies; but otherwise they are not necessary, and of course the citizens of Virginia within our limits are entitled to buy and sell at will.

The obstructions, then, of which I complain are not warranted by law nor by any regulation in pursuance thereof, and I respectfully ask that they may be removed. They exist in the action of your subordinates, and the only way that I know of is to instruct them accordingly. I respectfully ask your early attention to this subject, as it is daily called to my attention by citizens, as it is daily called to my attention by citizens, who feel very keenly the annoyance and oppression of which they complain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SMITH.

[AUGUST 29, SEPTEMBER 5, SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. -For correspondence between Lee and Vance, in regard to State troops to aid in defense of Wilmington, N. C., see Series I, VOL. XLII, Part II, pp. 1206, 1235, 1242.]

[AUGUST 30, 1864. -For Seddon to Brown, calling for 10,000 or more of the militia of Georgia to repel invasion, and the ensuing corre-

