
spondence, dated September 12, 1864, October 8, 1864, November 14, 1864, December 13,1 864, and January 6, 1865, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, pp. 727, 736, 754, 778, 796, 803.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 30, 1864.

His Excellency WILLIAM SMITH,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I have receive your letter commenting upon Major Boyle's report in reply to my call upon him for the authority under which he was acting in imposing restrictions upon citizens of Culpeper and Fauquier desiring to carry to their homes articles of merchandise for their own use. In reply I have the honor to say that there must be some regulation to prevent the demoralizing trade with the enemy, to which there are so many and strong temptations, and this must be applied before the passage of our military lines, since beyond them there can be no effective control. This General Lee's order seeks to do, and I really see no better mode of accomplishing it. At the same time it is desirable that the legitimate wants of our loyal citizens in counties beyond the military lines, and yet not in the actual occupancy of the enemy, should be supplies. I know no better mode of effecting this than that permits should be obtained either from the Department directly, or that Major Boyle be instructed to allow citizens, whose loyalty is vouched or known to him to be true, to take to their homes such articles as they need, on the assurance that they shall be used for legitimate purposes and not for trade with the enemy. If you desire it, such instructions will be given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES, Macon, Ga., August 31, 1864.

[Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE:]

COLONEL: I give you this memorandum in reference to the supporting force of the Conscript Bureau in response to your request.

the Conscript Bureau was authorized to raise for a supporting force one company in each Congressional district. In Georgia there are ten districts, and the companies are mostly cavalry and composed of non-conscripts; that is, men liable to service in the reserve. These companies are doing little or nothing, as their one business is to arrest deserters and skulkers, but could be made very efficient as a part of the reserve, and whenever required, details could be furnished enrolling officers. I have earnestly recommended that this should be turned over to me, with instructions that I should furnish details when called for. In my conversation this morning I gave you many details which you will bear in mind and hence I do not repeat them. We have too many independent organizations in the service. My opinion is that the number could be very much reduced with benefit to the service, and this would be a good beginning.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,
HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

