
MURFREESBOROUGH, N. C., August 31, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: So many complaints reach me of the mischievous and demoralizing effects of the traffic in cotton, initiated under the auspices of the Commissary Department, which is now carried on across and beyond the Chowan River, that I deem it a duty to call your attention to the subject. The operation of the system as explained to me is this: The Government delivers on the river bank cotton in equal parts for bacon brought to the same place. The arrangement is expected to bring supplies of bacon from the enemy in exchange for cotton transported to points at which he can get it. In truth, most of the bacon received comes from our own counties, and but an inconsiderable part from the North. These supplies would mostly find their way to the Confederate States as the only market for a surplus, and for Confederate money, if trading with the enemy was strictly prohibited and prevented. The present system, of course, presupposes and therefore licenses the transportation and sale of the cotton to the enemy, and the object seems to be attained if the equivalent in bacon is delivered to the commissary officer, without regard to the source from which derived. Most of the cotton, or at least much of it, purchases not meat for the Army, but goods of Northern production and manufacture, which are thus introduced into the country. Large numbers of persons are said to be actively employed in the counties east of the river availing themselves of the opportunities afforded for private gain and advantage and putting in their own pockets the surplus made by a more favorable exchange with the sellers of the meat. But larger profits still are derived from the introduction into the Confederate States of the numerous Yankee fabrics which, because of prevailing scarcity, now command very high prices. But the spirit of speculation engendered and the opportunitits successful indulgence form a less serious objection to the system than some other of its fruits. It tends to discredit our currency, to impair and weaken the attachment of our people to their own Government, to diminish and soften the resentment felt for acts of disloyalty and unfaithfulness to our cause, to demoralize public sentiment, and to corrupt those engaged in it. Men will naturally conclude that inasmuch as their own Government permits and licenses the traffic with the enemy, there can be no great wrong in friendly dealing and communications with him, and teachings, however elevated, will not be to counteract the effects of this practice. This district has reMained true and faithful under most adverse circumstances. Left beyond the protection of their own armies, as many of the counties have been, and exposed to hostile raids, unchecked and destructive, they adhere to our fortunes and look confidently forward to the day of their deliverance. Nearly all their valuable slaves are gone, but these losses have not abated their patriotism.

Surely such consequences as I have pointed out are not be permitted for the small and precarious additions which are gathered to our means of subsistence. If the trade must be carried on it certainly can be put under the restraint of such regulations as will prevent the abuses to which it now gives rise. I bring the subject before you for your inquiry and with a view to the correction of the evils of the system.

I am, most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. N. H. SMITH.

