
[First indorsement.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, September 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

This Bureau cannot agree with the Hon. Mr. Smith in his opinion as to the evil results flowing form the trade conducted on the Chowan by officers of this Bureau. On the contrary, the natural results in subsistence gotten for the Army have been most satisfactory, for it is not conceded that these suerwise have come into the Confederacy at all.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 13,1 864.

I cannot concur it thinking the evils states by Hon. Mr. Smith as resulting to the extent imagined from the trade established, and its results have really been so satisfactory in affording supplies that I am not, without further developments and inquiries, prepared to prohibit it.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

STATE OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 31, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of yesterday. I would respectfully suggest, to save you as well as myself trouble, that Major Boyle be instructed to permit persons with supplies obviously (from the quantity) intended for their own use to pass without question; secondly, where the quantity is more considerable, such as purchases for half a dozen or more neighbors, as is frequently the case, that the parties be permitted to pass upon being properly and satisfactorily vouched for as loyal and reliable, and thirty, where the articles are purchased for sale, avowedly to neighborhoods in which the parties may reside and be conducting business as merchants, which the parties may reside and be conducting business as merchants, that they shall be required to have your pass, to be obtained upon being vouched for to your satisfaction. It is thought to be very hard, indeed, that a gentleman coming from the country to this city should not be allowed to return home with such purchase as he or his neighbors may want, and it is thought very hard that the old and established merchants of the State should not be allowed to replenish their stocks when opportunity occurs. I hope it will be your pleasure to give Major Boyle the instructions suggested, and that you will adopt the rule above suggested for yourself. You will observe that I do not propose to pass our lines or to enter those of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SMITH.

[Indorsement.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

No objection is seen to these instructions, and they may be given.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

