
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Raleigh, September 1, 1864.

Hon. GEORGE DAVIS,

Attorney-General Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to ask your attention to a matter that has bred some confusion and is likely to breed more. Until recently the Governor of North Carolina commissioned all officers of the line in the regiments from this State originally enlisted for the war and known as "State troops," in contradistinction to the "volunteers" or twelve-months' men. This way by virtue of an ordinance of the convention which gave the Governor aloe authority to commission all officers in both classes of troops. The authority of the President to commission any of the North Carolina troops was derived, I take it, from the first conscription act, which was held to operate only upon the twelve-months' men. Accordingly the Governor's claim to commission them was surrendered, and he continued to commission only the regiments originally "for three years or the war," with the consent and approbation of the Confederate Government. Latterly Adjutant-General Cooper has notified me that he will recognize no commission issued by this State whatsoever. Now, where does the President get the right to commission the troops from North Carolina not affected by either the first or the last acts of conscription? Many of our regiments were originally enlisted for the period of the war and could not possibly be so affected, and it seems to me the right remains with the Governor to commission them. Practically it is better they were all equally subjected to our laws, and I make no objection on that score. But I don't feel at liberty to surrender both a right and a duty committed to me by the State unless satisfied that the law has done it for me. Please let me hear from you.

Very respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

RALEIGH, N. C., September 1, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: In view of the late enormous advance and still advancing rates of railroad fares and freights, I have thought that they were very proper subjects of consideration by the commissioners of appraisement, both in their conventions and in their periodic State meetings. At present there seems to have been no check or even opposition to the unbounded rapacity of these companies, which equally with the high price of wheat and corn, &amp;c., threaten to destroy the value of our money by again flooding the country with an inflated currency, an thus upsetting the admirable plans of our wise and experienced Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Trenholm who undoubtedly, if aided by a reasonable support by the country, would soon reduce the recent chaos in our finances to order and value, if not to a perfect peace basis. I therefore propose at our meeting on the 30th instant to bring up this mater for consideration, and to subject the rates of fares and freights on railroads to the same scrutiny and action that the farmers and manufacturers have submitted to, and hope we shall be aided by the active support of your Department and and Government generally. To prove the extraordinary and excessive charges by the railroad the railroad companies of the Confederacy it is only necessary to

