
state that a rapid and constantly occurring advance of fares and freights have taken place (and to which there appears to be no check) till prices have advanced from the usual rates of 3 to 4 cents per mile up to 18, and even as high as, in the case of the new Piedmont Railroad (from Greensborough to Danville), 20 cents per mile is now charged, while the dividends of these companies are as high as from 30 to 60 per cent. per annum. In short, I see nothing in the whole range of princes and of speculation that more demands restrain and scrutiny than the rapaciousness and greed of the railroad companies of our country.

Hoping to have your views,

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant and friend,

H. K. BURGWYN.

SEPTEMBER 2.

I have just learned that the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad have again more than doubled their rates, viz, from $10 up to $22 fare, and that the Petersburg and Roanoke Railroad Company have raised theirs from $10 to $15.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 7, 1864.

To Quartermaster-General for consideration and remarks. Is there justice in these strictures; and what think you of the proposed action for relief?

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 10, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Sims.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

W. F. ALEXANDER,

Major and Assistant to the Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

RICHMOND, September 13,1 864.

Respectfully returned to Quartermaster-General.

The rates alluded to within are charged to individuals. Government is charged for troops from 5 to 7 1\2 cents per mile, or about twice "peace prices," and on freights in about the same ratio. These rates are not excessive, but on the contrary extremely liberal. The roads find their profit in caring for individuals, and if the private rates are cut down by act of Government it is inevitable that Government rates must be advanced. Speculators, &amp;c., are thus indirectly aiding in keeping down the price of one of the heaviest items of Government expense. Transportation by rail is beyond all question rendered to Government at lower rates than anything else in the Confederacy. It is true it is done at the expense of the people, and in that view it might be well to instruct the regulation of railroad charges to the commissioners, but it should not be lost sight of that the Government may be made to suffer by the operation.

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

