
I have the honor to state in reply that the materials do not exist for furnishing you copies of inspection reports since May 1, 1864.

This Bureau has no file of inspection reports, the results of such inspections as are made being either reported not beyond the commandants of conscripts for the several States or being embodied, without formality, in the mass of current correspondence and indorsement, and are thus scattered through Lieutenant-Colonel Lay, its chief inspector, whose ordinary station is at this office, but the plan has been heretofore impracticable of execution, because there was no feasible mode of obtaining the appointment of the necessary suitable officers, or of securing, by assignment from the Army, officers with the requisite qualifications. The supply of officers for the conscript service is under existing regulations exclusively from the disabled list, and is altogether insufficient to furnish the Bureau with enrolling officers suitable for ordinary duties to be performed by them.

It has been, therefore, impracticable to obtain from this source as many suitable officers for the duties of inspection as were required. The few who could be made available for such duty have been ordered to report habitually to the commandants of conscripts for States, these latter being select officers, having the full confidence of the Bureau, and under whose immediate orders the inspecting officers can be made useful for the instructions of subordinates imperfectly acquainted with their duties.

These commandants are themselves, in substance, ex officio inspectors, reporting results in the form of daily general or special correspondence. Arrangements have everywhere been made to relieve them form the immediate executive commands of camps, so that their time is free in part for travel in their respective States.

In arranging its department of inspection the Bureau looked upon it as a mere affairs of internal policy and exclusive to itself, and did not consider the nomenclature adopted as binding it to any rules of form or precedent. There was at first but one "inspector of conscription" acting at the headquarters of the Bureau in Richmond, unless specially detached. When not so detached, his duties are the examination upon reference of all questions, in any way suggested, respecting the practical working of the service, and of all mooted issues in regard to or presented by its individual officers.

In presenting the resinations no form has been observed, unless occasionally where a somewhat elaborate presentation of the subject was appropriate. The convenience of office working and record has best been consulted by his reporting, orally or informally, in unsigned written memoranda, or in the shape of instructions or indorsement, prepared to issue, if adopted, over the signature of the chief, or other executive officer of the Bureau. The results of his work are, therefore, distributed through the records in such a way that they cannot be disentangled.

When the system of appointing subordinate inspectors was instituted, the arrangement was informally adopted in the Bureau of distinguishing its chief inspector, for reasons of obvious convenience, by the designation of inspector-general of conscription.

The inspecting officers, commandants, and others were made aware that they would address themselves or be referred to that officer for information in case of doubt or difficulty as to the construction of

