
but it has caused great dissatisfaction with the great distress of the Government, and has engendered a feeling which will render it very difficult to enlist another similar force in the State. During a greater portion of the time there has been no use whatever for the troops at the points where they were kept.

They were organized to repel raids, meet sudden emergencies, &amp;c., and were promised that when they were not needed for these and like purposes they should have the privilege to be at home, attending to their ordinary business as producers. After they were ordered into camp they were compelled to remain there during the balance of the term as regular troops. While they were thus kept in camp eating out our too limited supply of provisions, and were deprived of the privilege of sowing their wheat and preparing for another crop, they saw no enemy, there was no raid, no sudden emergency, and no use for their services. They left and knew that this was a violation of both the letter and spirit of the contract. In their behalf I protested against it, but to no effect.

If we expect to continue to conduct the war successfully, we are obliged to have a producing class at home as well as a fighting class in the field. The one is as indispensable as the other. We are already cut off from a large part of the most productive lands in the Confederacy, and we must fail to keep up our supplies if the productive interests of the portion we yet hold are seriously crippled. Thus far the State of Georgia has been able to meet the calls made upon her without paralyzing to a very great extent her agricultural interests, except in that part of the State where there are but few slaves. But I feel it my duty to inform you that we shall not be able to meet the increasing demands made by the Confederate Government through its conscript officers, and spare a large additional force for constant service in or out of the State without so crippling the planting interests that a support cannot be made anothermy and the people of the State.

Many of our fields now lie uncultivated, and if large additional levies of troops are to be made for constant service many more must be neglected. How, then, are we to make a support for another year?

I have lately been through the upper, middle, and southwestern portions of the State, which are its more productive portions, and I tell you in all candor that the country is becoming so far drained of supplies that if relief cannot be had from some other source I do not see how it is possible to supply the people and the Army with bread till another crops is made, while the supply of meat is entirely inadequate.

The cattle have been so generally taken for the Army as to leave a still less encouraging prospect for meat another meat another year, and if heavy calls are to be made for troops to be taken from the agricultural pursuits the prospect for bread will indeed be gloomy.

If it is the policy of the Government to put the whole people, or any great additional number of them, into military service, the struggle for the future must necessarily be short. We cannot expect to conquer the enemy in a few months, and if we fail to make a crop it is only necessary for them to continue the war till we consume our provisions, and they must conquer us.

But you may inquire how, then, we are to get troops to meet the large armies of the enemy. It is not my wish to dictate, nor do I desire to annoy you by voluntary advice, but in view of the perils which surround us, and the responsibility of my position as the

