
orders or the general views of the Bureau, and the work of the office proper is thus lightened.

This inspector has made some long journeys in the several States, and aided the service by communicating instructions to its officers and assisting in the changes of organization called for by its wants. He has not been detached since May 1, 1864, owing to various circumstances, especially the pressure of office work during the recent absence of the superintendent.

A number of special inspections have been made at the request of the Bureau by officers representing the War Department and sending their report to it.

In apportioning amongst the officers of the Bureau the work to be performed, it was considered necessary to the proper organization of this office, and believed to be in aid of the speedy dispatch of business, to establish a department of inspection.

To the officer assigned to this department were habitually referred all questions of the character hereinbefore indicated. The complication of the conscript service, growing out of the special legislation of Congress and its close connection with all the various branches of the general service, originated many important questions affecting the practical operation of the enrolling department, which were referred to the Bureau for solution. These questions were of such frequent reference by the officers of conscripts as to suggest the assignment in the Bureau of an officer familiar with the working of the system to the duty of giving it constant supervision, that imperfections might be amended, irregularities checked, and such improvements introduced as the necessities of the services called for.

These duties have always been performed by Lieutenant-Colonel Lay except when it was necessary to charge him with some special inspection or other cognate duties, requiring him to make journeys in any of the States.

His absence for some weeks of service in the field during the past summer was permitted, because at that time every officer and private who could be spared from the offices in Richmond were supposed to be necessary to its immediate defense.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF CONFEDERATE STATES, September 12,1 864.

Respectfully referred to His Excellency the President.

BRAXTON BRAGG,
General.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 12, 1864.

Returned to General Bragg.

The explanation, if understood, applies to a state of case in which a body of officers would be assigned to duty as inspectors for the Conscript Bureau. This is not practicable, if it be desirable. The post of inspector-general for a bureau is not provided for.

The list of officer which was submitted to show the employment of certain officers in the Conscript Bureau at Richmond presents cases not within the laws and rules governing in such cases and will be presented to the Adjutant-General for the proper action.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

