
Battalion Cavalry, Lieut. Colonel Z. Thomason, are hereby consolidated, and will constitute the Ninth Regiment Alabama Cavalry.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] SUBSISTENCE BUREAU, September 5, 1864.

When enacting laws for impressment Congress could not have expected impressing officers as a class to be competent to settle the meaning of the words "value or just compensation," since jurists and political economists have been unable to determine on a definition or principle of ascertaining the just aloe of an article. Under these circumstances Congress enacted that commissioners, jointly chosen by the Confederate and State Executives, should as intervals fix the value of commodities, as the best mode of settling what was just compensation and thus fulfilling the constitutional requirement in cases of impressment.

The schedules fixed by these boards for the respective States monthly were objected to by certain parties, and the objection sustained, on the ground that value at the time of an impressment could not be determined by rates fixed anteriorly; consequently, in any case of impressment, whether of property in the hands of speculators or producers, the appraisement by neighbors selected by both parties is required; and either party, if not satisfied with the award, can appeal to the joint commissioners. In cases where one-half of the meat which a party had secured for the subsistence of those dependent on him was impressed, in accordance with the law promulgated in General Orders, No. 39, the necessity of promptly supplying him with an equivalent settled the principle that just compensation required the local cost of the article, and such appraisement by neighbors mutually selected, was made final without appeal.

Whenever the local appraisement of a man's surplus exceeds the price fixed by the last schedule of the commissioners in the State by an amount more than to be understood by any superiority of the special articles to the ordinary standard, and no extraordinary changes in the condition of the country have occurred since the last schedule was fixed, then the impressing officers is advised to appeal from the local appraisement to the commissioners as the legally appointed patent, they having been constantly studying the circumstances which might modify conclusions on this mooted question.

When a party refuses to give information to an impressing agent who exhibits his credentials, the officer shall apply to the officer in enable him to examine into the stock of supplies in the possession of the party refusing information.

When notice of impressment has been given, and the business is only awaiting settlement, if the holder instead of retaining it for the Government refuses to deliver it, or disposes of it otherwise, then the same reserve force shall be invoked and the impressed property seized, or an equal quantity taken from the party, on the ground that he has not alienated what was Government's, but what he considered his own.

