
Officers will proceed to impress all the surplus available as rapidly as they can.

Bonded agriculturists are as much in the service as they would have been if not conditionally exempted.

Whenever one of these is found bartering any of his surplus, or selling any to others than the Government or families of officers and soldiers, r than those prescribed, or is not strictly devoting his whole attention to the production of supplies, evidence of the fact must be at once furnished to the appropriate enrolling officer, and the name of the party and the enrolling officer sent to the Bureau of Conscription. The district attorney shall be furnished with the information preliminary to a prosecution of the offender on his bond.

Officers will also ascertain from the bonded farmers with whom they deal the amount of meat they have contracted to deliver, and how much surplus subsistence they have, and see that one-half goes to the Government.

The Secretary of War will direct that the orders to the enrolling officers and commandants of reserves be given; also that directions to the district attorneys be sent to prosecute promptly all who have not fulfilled the terms of their bonds.

If any man liable to military service who has not been detailed or exempted from such service for any purpose whatever is found engaged in speculation in articles of army subsistence, or engaged in any other business prejudicial to the interests of the Government, it is duty as one of its officers promptly to report him.

L. B. NORTHROP.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 71.
 Richmond, Va., September 6, 1864.

I. Leaves of absence may be granted by commandants of conscripts to medical officers on conscript duty and employed surgeons, members of examining boards for conscripts, for a period of seven days. If longer leave is desired the application must be referred to the Surgeon-General. If approved by him, leave may be granted by commandants.

II. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 69, current series, in thus amended:

Purchases of corn, oats, and forage form detailed persons will be made by officers of the Quartermaster's Department, and their powers in respect to such purchases will be the same as those given to the Commissary Department.

III. General Orders, No. 75, 1863, is hereby repealed. The extra pay of men detailed for duty in the several departments in the field will hereafter be regulated according to paragraph 882, Army Regulations.

IV. Physicians employed by contract, whose whole time is given to the public service, will receive the pay and allowances of assistant surgeons.

V. Paragraph V, General Orders, No. 59, current series, is so amended as to authorize generals commanding reserve forces in the respective States to give orders that will carry transportation.

VI. Officers holding appointments in the general staff as assistant adjutants and inspectors general, quartermasters and assistant quartermaster, commissaries and assistant commissaries, surgeons and assistant surgeons, will report by letter to this office with the least

