
delay practicable, setting forth their rank, corps, position, and present assignment to duty, and by what authority assigned; and changes which may hereafter take place in their assignments will in like manner be immediately reported by them to this office. A non-compliance with this order will subject the officer concerned to a discharge from the service.

VII. Paragraphs III and V, General Orders, No. 34, current series, are thus amended:

If the Board find the soldier fit for duty in any department of the service it will not retire him immediately, but will forwarded their certificate of disability and the form of retirement, signed by the Board, through the Headquarters of the Army to this office for its approval. If the soldier be absent from his command the certificate and form may be forwarded directly to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

VIII. Commanders of departments and armies are prohibited from granting leaves of absence to officers who report directly to the bureaus to which they respectively belong.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., September 6, 1864.

Major CORNELIUS BOYLE,

Gordonsville, Va.:

SIR: I beg leave to invite your attention to the inclosed copy of a letter* from Governor Smith, containing suggestions relative to the transportation of supplies for individuals, neighborhoods, and merchants of the State, and to inform you that these suggestions are concurred in and adopted by the Department.

By order of Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, Richmond, September 7, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,
Richmond:

MR. PRESIDENT: I send you a copy of my last inspection report of the conscript service in Georgia. + These reports have all been sent to the War Department as received. Though quite defective and especially wanting in details by which errors could be corrected, they develop a starting state of our affairs in our conscript service. The want of results, too, of which General Lee complained to you is calculated of results, too, of which General Lee complained to you is calculated to confirm this conclusion. From Alabama and Mississippi the accounts, as far as received, are equally unsatisfactorily. Stern, rigid administration can co nothing else will. A complete renovation of the Bureau and its ramifications will be indis-

---------------

*See August 31, p. 615.

+Not found.

---------------

