
pensable. These were my impressions when I commanded an army. They are General Lee's now, and the reports confirm our conclusions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 12, 1864.

General Preston for perusal and remarks with a view to remedy.

J. D.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 212.
 Richmond, September 7, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXXI. The Chief of the Signal Corps will at once report to the Bureau of Conscription the names of all the employe of the Signal Corps who are not members of any existing organization, that they may be enrolled and detailed for the performance of the duties upon which they are now engaged.

* * * * * * *

XXXI. The chief of the Signal Corps will at once report to the Bureau of Conscription the names of all the employes of the Signal Corps who are not members of any existing organization, that they may be enrolled and detailed for the performance of the duties upon which they are now engaged.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 7, 1864. -For Milton to Davis, in relation to raising troops for the defense of Florida, and inclosing address to the people of the State (July 30, 1864), and General Orders, Nos. 11 and 14 (July 30 and Sept. 2, 1864), see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 370.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Richmond, September 8, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Proposal have recently been made to the President and accepted by him for the emigration to our country of large numbers of Polish exiles, as well as for some hundreds of Scotchmen who are disposed to take part in our struggle.

I have accordingly sent instructions to Europe under which a passage to our country via Matamoras will be afforded to all able-bodied men who desire to emigrate to the Confederacy, and further instructions have been sent to Mr. Richard Fitzpatrick, our commercial agent at Matamoras, to forward them to Texas and probably to Brownsville.

The instructions are that all such as may choose to volunteer in our service will have an acquittance for the passage money; all others will be compelled to pay the price of the passage, and will then be in the condition of other residents of the Confederacy, and subject to its laws, which require all residents to aid in the defense of the country.

Promise has been given that those Poles who volunteer will be allowed to organize themselves into companies, battalions, and regiments, and elect their officers in the first instance, and that they will, if possible, be kept in one corps, and organized into Polish brigades and divisions, if their numbers are sufficient.

40 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

