
obtained as to the number of men who had been relieved from duty with staff officers at posts and turned over to the enrolling officers, nor did it appear that there existed any means of securing such information. In consideration of this fact it is respectfully asked on what ground the statement was made that this military bureau had not complied with the requirements of the law. It is not improper to add, as showing the entire compliance of the Commissary-General with the spirit as well as the letter of the law, that immediately after the enactment of the conscription law all able-bodied clerks in his own office were discharged and their places supplied with disabled soldiers and conscripts. I respectfully request that this report may be forwarded to His Excellency the President, by whose direction the circular was issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Inclosure.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, March 1, 1864.

MAJOR: In respect to the apprehended inconvenience and disorder consequent on the effects of the law relating to the character of the employe hereafter to be allowed in our department, I have to say that it is not to be expected that an officer is going to violate that law, which is to be enforced with such a penalty, but that he will to the utmost of his ability endeavor to comply with it; and that when it is impossible to substitute fitting men, and that the alternative is to destroy the success of his operations and the working of his machinery, then on such timely representation by him it will be incumbent on the Executive, through his deputy, the Secretary of War, to extend the period beyond the 10th of April (the limit now fixed) to a more remote period, and to allow the retention of indispensable men. The Executive or Secretary will thus show that all efforts have been made by him and his subordinates to observe the law to the utmost extent that is possible consistent with his paramount duty, which is to furnish munitions of war and defend the country and keep the Army in the field. It is no time to give up and say that ruin will follow on the removal of our trained men. Let us all do our best co comply with the law, and call on the War Department to do its part as the cases are presented. Instructions for your action conformable to the above have been given to sustain you. I deem it proper to state what we have a right to expect.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

Approved.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 30.
 Richmond, Va., September 9, 1864.

Commandants of conscripts will instruct county enrolling officers to proceed diligently, with the aid of the temporary boards, to make a complete registration of every white male resident in their respective

