
Executive of one of the States of the Confederacy, I venture to suggest that it would be infinitely better to make but little further drafts upon the producing class, and put the troops whose names are now on the muster-rolls and who are in the pay of the Government, and especially the almost countless swarm of young, able-bodied officers, into the Army-a place where many of them are seldom found. This would increase the armies from 25 to 50 per cent. and make them strong enough, if well fed and sustained, to meet, with all the advantages will be able to bring against us. Almost every little railroad village has become a military post, and a number of officers in brass buttons and gold lace can be seen idling about, each our of the reach Quartermaster's and Commissary Department are thronged with able-bodied men, subject to conscription or detailed from the Army, who are acting as clerks, purchasing agents, impressment agents, &amp;c. From these and similar causes 50 per cent. of the Army are not in camp to answer to roll-call, and further drafts must be made upon the producing class to supply the places of the absentees, who ought to be kept at their places in the Army.

It is easy to foresee the result of this policy if persisted in. As the enemy has over three times as many men able to do military service as we have, it is impossible for us to keep in the field as many troops as he does. Nor is this necessary. As the invaded party, having the inner lines of communication and other advantages incident to our position, if our periople are united and determined and our Government acts with wisdom and prudence, we can defend successfully against a vastly superior force in point of numbers.

In conclusion I have only to state that Georgia has always done her whole duty and furnished more than her full share of men and means, and I doubt not she will still do her just part to the utmost of her ability as long as the enemy desecrates the soil of the Confederacy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

AN ACT to regulate of the tax in kind upon tobacco, and to amend an act entitled "An acct to levy taxed for the common defense and carry on the Government of the Confederate States," approved April 24, 1863.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the tax in kind of one-tenth imposed by said act upon all tobacco grown in the Confederate States, instead of bearing collected by the post quartermaster, shall be collected by the agents appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury to collect and preserve tobacco, and the tax assessors shall transfer their estimates of the tobacco, and the tax assessors shall transfer their estimates of the tobacco, and the tax assessors shall transfer their estimates of the tobacco due from each agents or farmer, specifying both quantity and quality, to the said for, and shall also transmit a copy of these estimates to the chief of the Produce Loan Office; and when said tobacco shall have been collected the said agents shall be liable for its safe custody.

SEC. 2. That each farmer and planter, not earlier than the first day of June, nor later than the fifteenth day of July, shall deliver his tithe of tobacco in prizing order, put up in convenient parcels for transportation, at the nearest depot, of which there shall be not less than one established in each county by the agents for the collection and preservation of tobacco, where the said tobacco shall be

