
counties between the ages of seventeen and fifty years not actually serving in the Army in the field or with the reserves.

The name, age, occupation, physical condition of the persons registered, together with the ground of exemption or detail, or other reason for not being in active military service, will be stated in these registers. Special care will be taken in stating distinctly, though briefly, the causes which prevent the persons from being sent to the Army, and not to omit any person from the registration not serving in the Army in the field or with the reserves. These registers must be forwarded to the Bureau before the 15th of October next. To accomplish the work in due time enrolling officers and temporary boards are enjoined to use the utmost vigor and diligence. The information to be thus furnished is regarded as of great importance, and the service must be accurately as well as promptly performed.

Another and separate register will be at the same time prepared and forwarded of all youths in each county who will attain the age of seventeen years during the next twelve months. In this last-named register will be stated the months when these youths will attain the age designated.

By command of Brigadier Gen. John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, September 9, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to your order of reference on the inclosed paper,* I have the honor to report:

First. The first item of General Bragg's indorsement is as follows:

An able-bodied colonel has for two years done office duty, whilst his regiment has been on hard field service in the Army of Virginia. The duty could be as well performed by a disabled officer, of whom we have so many. In that event this colonel might see a little field service yet before the war is over and learn something of the rules of discipline and respect for his superiors, of which he appears to be much in need from the inclosed copy of a letter recently addressed to this office.

Colonel T. P. August, Fifteenth Virginia Regiment, was wounded at the battle of Malvern Hill, July 1, 1862. Before he had reported for duty after that would he became the subject of a pre-existing disease, which was exacerbated by active service, and which incapacitated him for the service in the field. He was assigned in January, 1863, as commandant of conscription service since that date, never having been at any time capable of field duty. His present condition is indicated by the accompanying surgeon' certificate. It has been his condition within my personal knowledge since November, 1863, the date of his assignment to duty in the Bureau at Richmond. I have regarded him as extremely liable to die at any movement from the effect of the disease which caused his assignment. He is not physically competent to one hour's service at the head of his regiment, and never will be.

Colonel August is a lawyer of eminent ability and of high repute in the State of Virginia. He is an officer of distinguished gallantry,

---------------

*Se Lay to Bragg August 29, p. 609.

---------------

