
shot down at the head of his regiment, leading them in an assault on the breastworks at Malvern Hill. The comment on the letter of Colonel August is not deemed a proper subject for remarks by a subordinate officer.

In the duties with which he has been charged in this Bureau he has exhibited a zeal, earnestness, and intelligence which have been of eminent advantage to its operations. With his skill, acquired by two years' experience, his great industry, and intelligence, I am confident at this period of our struggle his place could not be fully supplied in the department to which he is allotted- that of acting upon applications for agricultural exemptions and details and investigating and reporting on the law and evidence of the thousand of cases submitted to the Bureau.

Second. The second item is:

The officer charged with the duty of general inspection does not seem to devote much time to it. He has been in this city since March, except when absent as a volunteer on General Beauregard's staff for a short time. I have called for the reports of his inspections, but received none.

The officer charged with the duty of general inspection is Lieutenant-Colonel Lay, and he has devoted his whole time to that duty, except when, with commendable patriotism, he asked permission to go to the army for a time as a volunteer aide to General Beauregard. It was at the time when every employe of the Government in Richmond who could be spared was called to aid in its defense. His duties as general inspector demand his presence at the Bureau continuously, except when sent on special inspection. The inspection department of the Bureau is not more distinct in its functions than that of any other department. It is the assignment of an officer to the charge of such matters as seem pertinent to inspection service. He makes no formal reports, but is in daily conference with the superintendent, his work forming portions of the current business of the Bureau. Besides this, this officer participates in much of the general business of the Bureau.

Third. The third item is:

The duties assigned Lieutenant Goldthwaite seem to be too important to be instructed to so young a man without experience, and could better be performed by some older and good soldier disabled by wounds.

The duties assigned to Lieutenant Goldthwaite are of the gravest importance, and I am confident there is not an officer in the service more competent to perform them. He is twenty-four years of age, thoroughly educated, by profession a lawyer, and a man of very remarkable intellectual endowments. His earnest zeal, his untiring industry, his high and lucid intellect, fit him most admirably for the duties of examining into and deciding the important and intricate matter of general details of which he has charge. They are not matters of military law or usage, but of personal right and public necessity. His function is to examine and report for the action of the superintendent, under the instructions of the Secretary of War.

Fourth. The general allegation of the indorsement is that the organization is "defective and inefficient. "

It is not properly within my providence to attempt a refutation of this allegation. The organization was instituted by the Secretary of War in December, 1862, for the purpose of executing functions devolved on him by law. It has been continued since as a part of the War Office, under the immediate supervision of the Secretary, with a few unsubstantial and merely nominal changes.

