
I have recommended certain radical changes in the suggestion that some of the officers should be selected and commissioned for this duty, and nominal changes in the adjustment of the rank and gradation of the officers attached to the Bureau. These suggestions and others were submitted to Congress in the forms of bills for the organization left as the Secretary of War had established it.

If there is inefficiency in the organization it arises solely from the defects I have alluded to, and not from the principle on which it is based. That principle is simply that the recruiting of the armies should be placed under organizations separate and distinct from the command of the armies in the field. Every departure from this principle has proved detrimental to the service, and has seriously and disastrously impeded the execution of the conscription laws and the maintenance of the conscription policy of the Government. The acts ofil and October, 1862, and February, 1864, do not mean merely the gathering and enlistment of men, but they mean the selection from certain classes of citizens of those who, in the judgment of the law and Executive, can be spared form the necessary industrial pursuits to go into the armies. And it is to make this selection by close and enlightened investigation into the whole condition of the country, in view of the public necessity, that the Secretary of War, with consummate skill, organized a system of partly military and partly civil tribunals. It is regular, orderly, and in perfect consonance with the sentiment of our people and the genius of our institutions, and has a peculiar adaptation to the existing public exigency.

This Bureau is but one tribunal in the ascending scale which reaches through it and the Secretary of War up to the President. The legally defined relations of the citizens to the military service and the development and maintenance of the resources of the country are submitted to these tribunals. In my judgment the system has done more to fill the armies and at the same time to maintain the resources of the country than any other which can be devised. If adhered to, the slight defects in the organization of this Bureau are easily remedied by the changes I have ventured to suggest. If the recruiting of the armies is placed under the control of the States or of military commanders it will fail, and the effort will be disastrous to the whole conscription policy of the Government.

It is alleged that the existing defects and inefficiency of this Bureau "explain, to a great extent, the invariable reports of inspectors that the duty of putting men in the Army is retarded by the want of prompt action on applications and appeals. " If it is meanest by these reports that there is want of prompt action in this Bureau on applications and appeals the reports are simply untrue. I make the assertion, without qualification, that there is no department of the Government in wh and appeals are discharged with the promptness and dispatch that they are in this Bureau. I doubt if these inspectors can cite a case in which the lack of such prompt action by the Bureau as is warranted by the circumstances has retarded the duty of putting men in the Army. The assertion is based on uninformed conjecture. Officers who are totally ignorant of the grave and solemn duties devolved on the conscription authorities-duties embracing the entire sphere of the civil, social, and military economy of the citizen and the Government; ascertaining, developing, and maintaining the military capabilities of the country

