
for the defense of the public liberty and preservation of social order; investigating and deciding personal and civil rights-are sent to inspect and report upon the organization for and the administration of these duties. It does not seem reasonable to predicate competency for this service of uniformed officers temporarily assigned to it. In the present case they have certainly failed to report correctly.

It is cited, in further proof of the defective and inefficient organization of this Bureau, that there have been three acting superintendents of this Bureau within a few days. The superintendent was absent by leave of the Secretary of War-his first leave since August, 1861. Colonel August, the acting superintendent, was ill in bed of the disease which causes his assignment to office duty. Lieut. Colonel Lay, the officer next in rank, was accidentally absent two or three days with his sick family, and the papers thus happened to be signed by the executive officer of the Bureau, Captain Duffield. I cannot think the inference fairly deducible from this purely accidental, temporary, and very unusual condition of the office.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE MED. EX. BOARD, "PRIVATE QUARTERS," Richmond, September 8, 1864.

We certify that we have carefully examined Colonel T. P. August, Fifteenth Virginia Infantry, Course's brigade, and find his suffering with organic stricture of the urethra, with very great enlargement of the prostate gland and consequent irritation of bladder and kidneys, which have probably existed for four or five years, and within the last twelve months all attempts to introduce an instrument into the bladder have failed. In consequence of these affections we believe him totally and permanently disabled for field service and only capable of light duty.

O. A. CRENSHAW,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

JAMES BOLTON,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

WM. S. SCOTT,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

Camp guards, supporting force, &amp;c., in conscript service in the several States.

 Officers. 	 Non-	 Privates. 	 Total.

 	 commissione

 	 d officers.

VIRGINIA.

Camp	 4	 17	 186	 207

guard. .

Disabled	 . . 	 12	 64	 76

soldiers

assigned

under

paragraph

V, General

Orders,

No. 96,

1862.

Conscripts	 . . 	 . . 	 1,003	 1,003

assigned

under

section 8,

act of

Congress

approved

February

17, 1864,

unfit for

field

service.

Conscripts	 . . 	 . . 	 17	 17

(able-

bodied),

18 and 45.

.

Conscripts	 . . 	 . . 	 131	 131

(reserves)

Total. . 	 4	 29	 1,401	 1,434

