
The table below gives an estimate of the present population on the supposition that population doubles itself once in forty years. The natural increase for one year would then be one-fortieth, and for four years four-fortieths or one-tenth:

TABLE NO. 3. -White males between fifteen and fifty in 1864 in the States names in the preceding tables.

Estimated.

Total whites. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,000,000

Males between fifteen and fifty. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 934,000

From the preceding estimate of the total white population at least 500,000 must be deducted on account of the enemy's occupation of Western Virginia, North Alabama, and sections of North Carolina, &amp;c. We would then have something over 800,000 as the number of males between the ages of fifteen and fifty in the seven States named. If there be a deduction of 25 per cent. for those between the ages of fifteen and seventeen, casualties of war, &c., there would still remain 600,000 in these seven States available for military purposes at the present time. But probably this deduction would be more than balanced by the number of troops which have been obtained from States in the possession of the enemy and by the influx of refugees from those regions.

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. -For Brown to Hood, withdrawing the militia of Georgia from the command of General Hood, see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 826, and for Brown's address to the militia composing the First Division, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 735.]

SAINT CATHERINES, CANADA WEST, September 12, 1864.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State Confed. States of America, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I addressed you on the 11th of August last, in explanation of the circumstances inducing, attending, and following the correspondence of Mr. Holcombe and myself with the Hon. Horace Greeley. Subsequent events have confirmed my opinion that we lost nothing and gained much by that correspondence. It has at least formed an issue between Lincoln and the South, in which all her people should join with all their might and means. Even his Northern opponents issue would be decided against him by the people of the United States in November next. All of the many intelligent men from the United States with whom I conversed agreed in declaring that it given a stronger impetus to the peace reduced the strength of the war party. They thought that not even a majority of the Republicans would sustain Lincoln's ultimatum, laid down as his rescript, "To whom it may concern. " Indeed, Judge Black stated to us that Stanton admitted to him that it was a grave blunder, and would defeat Lincoln unless he could countervail it by some demonstration of his willingness to accept other terms; in other words, to restore the Union as it was. Judge Black wished to know if Mr. Thompson would go

