
great concession from his and the war Democracy. An armistice will inevitably result in peace. The war cannot be renewed if once stopped, even for a short time. The North is satisfied that war cannot restore the Union and will destroy their own liberties and independence if prosecuted much longer.

If McClellan be elected the real indebtedness of the Government will be exposed, for his own sake and to damn the Republicans. The war must stop when that is known.

(Judge Black says it is not now less than five thousand millions, and such is the common opinion expressed to me.)

Again, your showing a preference for McClellan will aid him increase the desire and disposition for peace in the North, and will foster the revolutionary spirit in the Northwest in case of Lincoln's election-which may be effected by force or fraud.

The platform means peace, unconditionally; Vallandigham and Weller framed it. It is recognized as satisfactory by nearly all the delegates at the convention and by the New York News and other peace papers. McClellan will be under the control of the true peace men. Horatio, or T. H. Seymour, is to be Secretary of State; Vallandigham, Secretary of War. McClellan is privately pledged to make peace even at the expense of separation, if the South cannot be induced to reconstruct any common government.

They also assure me that the speeches and the prevailing sentiment of the people at Chicago were for peace unconditionally, and this was the impression of the escaped prisoners there-of whom there were near seventy-with whom I have conversed. They say McClellan was nominated for his availability.

On the other hand, some of our friends expressed a hope that Lincoln will be elected on these grounds:

That McClellan has at West Point and Ticonderoga declared for war till the Union is restored, and can accept peace only with reunion; that he can raise an army and money to carry on the war, but Lincoln cannot; that the Republicans will sustain him in making war, and in addition to them many Democrats; that he will infuse new life, hopes, and vigor into the war party; that foreign nations will wait longer on him than on Lincoln before intervening or recognizing the South; that the platform is in accordance with McClellan's speeches and does not commit him to peace, except on the basis of Union; that Vallandigham betrayed them for the promise of a seat in McClellan's Cabinet; that Lincoln's election will produce revolution in the Northwest-McClellan's will not.

Such are the arguments briefly stated of the peace men who support or who oppose McClellan's election.

Perhaps our true policy is to keep our own counsels, withhold any further declaration of purpose, and let the so-called peace party of the North have no excuse for laying its defeat at our door, if Lincoln should be re-elected. By declaring for Lincoln rather than McClellan, we may divide the friends of the latter into a position of hostility to us as implacable and bitter as that of the Republicans. Yet since reading McClellan's better of acceptance I see reason for preferring him to Lincoln.

I am induced to think, from the intimations of the peace papers and of individuals, that there will be a considerable minority of the Democracy of the North who will not vote for McClellan, and that they may put up some other candidate. His nomination has not been greeted as cordially as was anticipated, and the Republicans are evidently in better spirits than they were before the convention at Chicago. Perhaps the fall of Forts Gaines and Morgan and of

