
prized and securely packed in hogsheads or other packages, suitable for market, by said agents.

SEC. 3. That the tax assessor shall require a statement from each farmer or planter as to the different qualities of tobacco raised by him, and shall assess, as due the Confederate States, one-tenth of each of said qualities, which shall be stated separately in his estimates, and shall be delivered separately by the farmer or planter at the prizing depots.

SEC. 4. All acts and parts of actors inconsistent with the foregoing are hereby repealed.

Approved January 30, 1864.

AN ACT to fix the pay and allowances of the master armorer of the Confederate States Armory at Richmond, Virginia.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the master armorer of the Confederate States Armory at Richmond, Virginia, shall hereafter receive a salary of three thousand dollars per annum from the time of the passage of this act, with allowances for quarters and fuel of a captain of infantry.

Approved January 30, 1864.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 10.
 Richmond, January 30, 1864.

The authority given in General Orders, Numbers 85, series of 1863, to impress iron, is extended to the impressment of ore, timber, and all materials essential to the production and manufacture of iron.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF GEORGIA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Atlanta, January 30, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Pardon the liberty taken in inclosing you a letter addressed by me to Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, commanding Middle Florida, indorsed and approved by Major General Howell Cobb on the 7th instant. * The sufferings of Georgians in C. S. service, through lack of clothing and the dearth of raw material in this State, caused by the extensive operations of the Confederate Government, have made it absolutely necessary for us to go outside the limits of Georgia and make purchases where the material could be found. Already this department had issued to destitute Georgians, C. S. Army, about 15,000 suits of clothing and about 30,000 pair of shoes. These, as the generals will testify, have added much to the valor and comfort of the troops. With the exception of the refusal of the commander of the District of Middle Florida, we have met no opposition in making purchases in other States for this object. The refusal of this commander I also

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

