
When Mr. Holcombe left the result of the measures for the release of our prisoners was not known, and, on that account, he transferred to me the balance of money of deposit of his credit in the bank at this place, that I might use it in affording those who had escaped, or might escape, the necessary transportation to Wilmington. He left here at the instance of Mr. Thompson and myself, for reasons which he will explain.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 31.
 Richmond, Va., September 14, 1864.

Commandants of conscripts will forthwith order an examination by the medial boards of all non-commissioned officers, privates, and employes in the enrolling service. All such as are ascertained to be fit for field service will thereupon be immediately relieved from duty and returned to their respective commands, or if unassigned conscripts, will be sent to the field under existing regulations.

The requirements of the service forbid the retention in the department of conscription of men capable of performing active service in the field. The superintendent desires that this order be promptly executed, and will regard any attempt by the officers of conscription to evade it by retaining able-bodied men in the enrolling service as a grave dereliction of duty.

Commandants of conscripts will also order an examination by the medical boards of all officers assigned to duty in the conscript department of their respective States, and make report of the status of all such as may be ascertained to be fit for field service, particularly stating therein the name and rank of said officers, and whatever the commands to which they belonged have been consolidated with others, or have been disbanded, or have their military organization unchanged.

By command of Brigadier Gen. John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, September 14,1 864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederation:

SIR: I have the honor to report on the inclosed paper referred to me by Your Excellency "for perusal and remarks with a view to remedy. "*

To vindicate Colonel Browne from the aspersions of General Bragg I will have the reports of that officer forwarded to you as soon as they can be consolidated for easier reference. The violent denunciation of the service in charge of Colonel Browne is avowed to be made on defective reports, wanting in those attributes which are necessary for the correction of errors. They are perhaps the reports of ignorant and prejudiced persons sent rather as detectives than as military inspectors. The "accounts from Mississippi and Alabama" are very

---------------

*See Bragg to Davis September 7, p. 624.

---------------

