
probably of a like character and credibility, and, together with those from Georgia, are regarded by General Bragg as of sufficient importance to warrant the recommendation to the President that the only remedy is the expulsion from the service of all the officers on duty in this Bureau in these words: "A complete renovation of the Bureau and its ramifications will be indispensable. "

General Bragg states that when he commanded an army these were his impressions. These impressions of General Bragg were then expressed in the form of an earnest, cordial, and emphatic approval of and active aid to the system instituted in Alabama and Mississippi by General Pillow. That system had employed in those two States over 1,000 officers and over 6,000 men, and as from June, 1863, to January, 1864 (when it was abolished), it did not send one man to the Army of Northern Virginia, it is not presumable General Lee would concur in General Bragg's impressions as to the policy of re-establishing it. Perhaps General Bragg himself would hesitate to recommend that (maintain the proportion throughout the Confederacy) 6,000 officers and 36,000 men should be detached from the Army to do the work of conscription.

The shorter mode of attempting the remedy is the one proposed by General Bragg-its efficiency must be proved by the result.

I therefore respectfully recommend that in pursuance of General Bragg's advice your order "a complete renovation of the Bureau and it ramifications. " As the first step toward this renovation and the one evidently aimed at, and most acceptable to General Bragg-indeed, perhaps meeting the whole purpose of his statement and recommendations-I have asked this day instant relief as superintendent of the Bureau, and forwarded the resignation of that high commission you bestowed on me three months ago, after nine months daily observation of my administration of that Bureau-for the efficient renovation of which may ignominious expulsion is now demanded by General Bragg. My commission, and the prompt and unanimous confirmation of it by the Senate, after my reports and my system of administration had been thoroughly discussed and sifted by Congress, is a sufficient vindication for denunciations based on avowedly imperfect and uniformed reports. And I fear it will scarcely be found after the change that a great public policy will be effectively administrated simply by expelling a few officers from service and renovating a Bureau.

I venture to suggest that the sudden removal of the officers on duty in the Bureau might be detrimental to the public service. They are familia with the service, which is somewhat intricate, and have been but my instruments in the condiment system. They will still work patriotically under other auspices.

Having thus adopted and, to the extent I can control it, carried out General Bragg's remedy for the evils of the conscription service, I need not offer any further suggestions concerning it.

I have the honor to be, Mr. President, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

41 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

