
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., September 14,1 864.

Hon. W. N. H. SMITH,

Murfreesborough, N. C.:

SIR: I have received your letter calling attention to the mischievous and demoralizing effects of the traffic in cotton initiated by the Commissary Bureau and carried on across and beyond the Chowan River. In reply I have the honor to say that the Department cannot concur in thinking the evils as stated by you as resulting to the extent supposed from the trade established by the Commissary-General, and its results have really been so satisfactory in affording supplies that I am not, without further developments and inquiries, prepared to prohibit its continuance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 72.
 Richmond, Va., September 15, 1864.

Private letters or communications relative to military marches and operations are frequently mischievous in design, and their publication generally injurious to the military service. They are, therefore, strictly forbidden; and any officer or soldier, or other person serving with the armies of the Confederate States in the field, who shall be found guilty of making such communication for publication, or placing the writing beyond his control, so that it finds its way to the press before one month after the termination of the campaign to which it relates, shall be punished, according to the degree of his offense, by the sentence of a court-martial.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SUBSISTENCE BUREAU, Richmond, September 15, 1864.

The following have been adopted as the regulations governing officers of the Subsistence Department in the issuing, receiving, and shipping of subsistence stores:

An officer issuing stores shall deliver or transmit promptly to the receiving officer an exact list of them in duplicate invoices, stating the number of packages and the gross, tare, and net weight. He shall see that the number of packages and gross, tare, and net weight are distinctly marked on the transportation invoice, waybill, or bill of lading. He shall take from the quartermaster or railroad agent in charge of transportation duplicate receipts corresponding with the transportation invoice. If he fails to receive from the receiving commissary a receipt corresponding with the invoice forwarded to that officer, he shall forward to this Bureau, with his provision return, one of the duplicate receipts of the quartermaster or railroad agent as evidence that the shipment was made. If the forwarding commissary fails to pursue this course he shall be held

