
responsible for any loss or damage sustained, unless it can be proven that the loss or damage resulted from the negligence on his part.

The receiving officer shall return promptly to the issuing officer duplicate receipts for such amounts as are actually received by him.

If the officer to whom stores are forwarded has reason to believe them miscarried, he shall promptly inform the issuing officer, the quartermaster, or railroad agent whose duty it was to forward the stores, and the bureau of the department to which the property appertains.

When stores received do not correspond in amount or quality with the invoice, they will be examined by a board of survey; or if that is impracticable, he shall take the certificate of one of or more commissioned officers; or if that is impracticable, he shall takef one of more disinterested parties as to the condition of the stores when received and the amount of loss sustained, and this report will be communicated to the proper bureau, to the issuing commissary, to the quartermaster or railroad agent forwarding the stores, and to the officer authorized to pay the transportation accounts. If the receiving officer fails to pursue this course he shall be held responsible for the full amount of the shipment. Damages recovered from the carrier or other party liable will be refunded to the proper department.

Commissaries will, when large shipments are made in succession, cause each package to be marked in such a manner as will enable the receiving officer to distinguish the different shipments, and will notify him of the particular mark.

By direction of the Commissary-General:

S. B. BREWER,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

CIRCULAR.] CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., September 15, 1864.

The circular issued from this office on September 1, 1863, regulating the transportation of public stores is hereby revoked and this circular will be adopted in its stead.

It will be the duty of each quartermaster to require one of his clerks to superintendent the receipt and forwarding of all supplies consigned to him, for which he will furnish transportation, on the accompanying form only, over the road running form his post to the connecting road, this form, or bill of lading, being the order for transportation, waybill, and receipt, upon which the railroad is to collect its freight charges, and no other voucher will be accepted for through freight. The bills of landing to be signed in quadruplicate by the receiving road, two to be turned over to the consignor (thus doing away with the necessity of an exchange of receipts between the shipping quartermaster and the consignor, and enabling the consignor to settle his accounts directly with the Auditor by producing the railroad receipts), one to be retained by the railroad, and the other to be forwarded to the next quartermaster to whom the receiving road is required to deliver, which being done he will sign the receipt upon their bill of lading, showing the number of packages received, whether in good or bad order, and, if any, how many are missing, and furnish the connecting road with a separate set of bills for goods shipped and receipted for by it, and so on to destination.

