
If any damage or loss occurs the extent and money value will be agreed upon between the quartermaster receiving and a representative of the railroad company, or in the event of their disagreeing thee two parties shall call in a third, whose decision shall be subject to the approval of the Quartermaster-General, and the amount of damage or loss shall be expressed on the voucher retained by the railroad company.

This at once fixes the loss and damage, if any, upon the responsible party, prevents a suspension of vouchers, and simplifies payments.

When loss or damage is determined a copy of the voucher, with indorsement showing the same, must be immediately forwarded to the quartermaster auditing the accounts of the responsible road.

The stores must be turned over to the shipping quartermaster upon duplicate invoices, one to be retained by the shipping quartermaster as his authority for furnishing transportation and the other to be forwarded by him with the stores and in charge of the conductors of trains, that each forwarding officer may indorse on the same the number of packages lost or missing, and thereby enable the consignee at once to account for the whole shipment.

It will be the duty of the consignor to send duplicate invoices to the consignee apprising him of the shipment by this department.

Vouchers for local transportation to intermediate points where there is no quartermaster or other authorized officer or agent to receipt for stores will be given as heretofore.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Form of bill of lading.]

GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTATION.

No. --.

Shipped, in good order and condition, by ---- ----, quartermaster, C. S. Army, on the ---- ---- Railroad, at

-----

-----

, the following stores, viz:

Date. 	 Article	 Marks. 	 Weight.	 Origina	 Ultimat	 Ultimat

 s. 	 	 	 l	 e	 e

 	 	 	 consign	 consign	 destina

 	 	 	 or. 	 ee. 	 tion.

The property of the Confederate States, being marked and numbered as above, and are to be delivered in the like good order and condition, at ---- to the connecting ---- ---- Railroad, unto ----

-----

, quartermaster, or his assigns, his or their receipt upon this bill for the same being required to complete the evidence of delivery.

In witness whereof the agent of said

-----

---- Railroad hath affirmed to four bills of landing, all of this tenor and date, one of which being accomplished the others to stand void.

Dated at ----, this

-----

day of

-----

, 186--.

------

------

,

Agent,

-----

------

Railroad Company.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., September 15,1 864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Commanding Reserves in Georgia:

GENERAL: The condition of the currency of the Confederate States and the cupidity of many of the producers of provisions compel the

