
military authorities to resort to impressment as a means to provide for the immediate wants of the Army, and to accumulate stores for their prospective supply. The authority for this is contained in the act of Congress published in Orders No. 37, of the series of 1863; Orders No. 30 and Orders No. 39, of the current series, and in the regulations accompanying these acts, and contained in these orders.

The Department regard the act of impressment as an appropriation of the property for the use of the Confederacy, and that it is the duty of the owner, his agent, or bailee to co-operate frankly in the measures necessary to adjust the price and for the transfer of the property to the Confederate officers. Congress has supposed that there would be none so regardless of his public duty in this period of calamity and danger as to oppose or frustrate these measures. It has, however, sometimes happened that this expectation has been disappointed, and that concealment, evasion, and clandestine removal of the property impressed have been resorted to the defeat impressment.

The Department instructs you that whenever an officer of one of the departments of supply, who is authorized to make impressments under the orders of this Department, shall certify to you that a citizen refuses to give information of the supplies liable to impressment that he may have in his possession; that he conceals or removes such property, or that he withholds the property and refuses to take suitable measures under the acts of Congress and regulations for the adjustment of the price, to furnish the necessary military assistance, and to make the impressment operative and effectual.

The Department admonishes you to see the force employed is no larger than is strictly necessary; that the proceeding be conducted with the caution and care that would mark the execution of civil process; that the owner be informed and advised by you or your officers of his duty and yours in the matter intrusted to you, and that moderation, good temper, and firmness should characterize your actions under this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to General J. L. Kemper, in Virginia; General James Chestnut, in South Carolina; General T. H. Holmes, in North Carolina; General Withers, in Alabama, and General Brandon, in Mississippi.)

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, Richmond, September 15, 1864.

Lieut. Gen. RICHARD TAYLOR,
Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: By direction of General Bragg I herewith inclose unofficial report of Captain s, assistant adjutant-general, for your information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. STRANGE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

JACKSON, MISS., September 7, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In the course of the tour of inspection made by Major B. F. Jones and myself in the State of Mississippi many facts relating

