
to the condition of this portion of the country have presented themselves and are of sufficient importance, I think, to merit your particular attention. In pursuance of your verbal instructions given to me at Montgomery I respectfully ask leave to lay them before you in an unofficial communication.

The condition of Mississippi is truly deplorable in many respects, and the necessity for radical and thorough reforms in the administration of military affairs has everywhere suggested itself. The mass of the people are corrupted and demoralized, and in those regions of the State which lie contiguous to the enemy the disgraceful fact of subjugation is almost completed. In addition to this I believe that the administration of military affairs in some portions of the State has been unfortunate and little calculated to repress the growing evils which abound everywhere. The causes of the demoralization of the people are few and simple, but it must be admitted that they have ben singularly effective. Of the natural and unavoidable discouragement produced by the presence of the enemy upon the minds of the people at home I shall say nothing. The chief cause of the present condition of the State, however, is the irregular an unlawful traffic with the enemy that has subsisted for many months and that still goes on with undiminished vigor. There are few persons along our military frontier who have not sold cotton to the enemy. Part of this cotton trade has been authorized by the Government under various contracts. Of the gross evils that have grown out of these I need not speak, as Major Jones has already enlarged upon them.

Another branch of this cotton trade has been carried on under authority from department and district commanders, which I beliewholly unauthorized by the authorities at Richmond. For instance, Colonel Goodman, of this State, now holds a contract entered into between himself and Lieut. Gen. S. D. Lee, the terms of which grant Goodman the right to use Government cotton in exchange for supplies. There are others of the same character approved and authorized by department headquarters.

District commanders have also taken part in this all-engrossing matter. During a long interview which I had yesterday with Brigadier Gen. Wirt Adams I was informed by him that he had entered into a contract with one J. J. Smylie to procure certain supplies of his own command. General Adams believes that he has competent authority for this. In this I believe he is mistaken. His only authority, think, has emanated from department headquarters. I need not suggest the impropriety of allowing such contracts to continue. They demoralize the people, and what is worse still the army, too, and produce no results beneficial to the cause.

General Adams has granted to a few individuals in his district permission to carry private cotton through the lines for the purpose of obtaining supplies. The object of General Adams was undoubtedly a humane one and his motives have been pure, I do not doubt; but the evils that result from such a course are pernicious in the extreme. The dignity and character of our officers and army have been grossly detracted from by rumors of corruption, and the granting of every permit of this character has encouraged all kinds of injurious reports and slanders to be propagated and believed. As a natural consequence the unauthorized sale of cotton to the enemy has been greatly encouraged, few citizens hesitating to assume a privilege which they conceive to have been granted by favoritism to a few. In regard to these irregular and unauthorized transactions with the enemy, and also in

