
relation to irregular permits granted by General Adams, I have the honor to refer you to the inclosed papers, marked Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4. they are the only evidence that is attainable and are entitled to consideration. They certainly prove this fact, if no more, that the administration of affairs here has not been of such a nature as to escape animadversion and even suspicion. For these reasons I respectfully recommend that such instructions be issued to department and district commanders as will proauthorizing any king of intercourse with the enemy that is not specially authorized by the authorities at Richmond.

The opinion is widely spread, even among military men, that gross and criminal collusion exists, between some of these contractors and cotton agents and the Yankee authorities, and that most of the raids made by the enemy in this portion of the State are made for the specific purpose of carrying off the cotton which said contractors, &amp;c., have placed at convenient places along their route. In illustration of this General Adams told me of a case, the facts of which are these:

Some soi-distant French citizens at Yazoo City entered into a contract with Lieutenant-General Lee to furnish certain supplies in exchange for cotton. One hundred and twenty-nine bales of this cotton were sent to Yazoo city to await the arrival of the supplies that were due on a certain day. On the very day on which these supplies were to have reached Yazoo City a large force of the enemy moved out to that point with the evident purpose of seizing the cotton, and this was done at the instigation of the above-named French contractors, who boasted that they would thus get the cotton without the necessity of paying for it. Fortunately the cotton was destroyed by General Adams. There is no doubt, however, that the same thing has often been done in the State, and many times, with entire success.

It may be asked why the system of unauthorized blockade-running, already alluded to, has not been suppressed by the military authorities. The main reason I believe to be this: Along our lines there are many companies of "independent scouts," who have occupied their present positions and discharged their present duties so long that they have become notoriously corrupt and inefficient. They have their price, and the blockade-runners know well how to pay it. "A pair of boots and a bottle of whisky" will scarcely ever fail, I am informed, to secure a passage for a load of cotton through the lines. Nor does this apply to "independent scouts" alone. The practice of detaching companies of cavalry and keeping them on duty along the line as scouts for a long time is productive of precisely the same results. In relation to this I respectfully ask your attention to the inclosed papers.

In view of these evils-and I cannot overdrawn them-I respectfully suggest that all companies of "independent scouts" be abrogated, and that these commands be placed upon the same footing as other commands in the field, and that in future commanding officers be required to change the scouts and pickets in their front at least once in every two weeks, making regular details for the purpose.

The effects of this cotton trade with the enemy can hardly be estimated or understood by one who has not witnessed them. The fact is that cotton, instead of contributing to our strength, has been the greatest element of our weakness here. Yankee gold is fast accomplishing what Yankee arms could never achieve-the subjugation of

