
this people. I seriously believe that we would have been far better off to-day if all the cotton in this department had been destroyed two years ago, and it may yet be necessary for our authorities to illustrate their determination to prosecute to a successful termination this war for our independence, by applying the torch to all the cotton that remains. Many complaints from officers and others have reached me of what is termed the culpable misconduct of some of Mr. De Bow's agents in this State. This "Cotton Loan Agency" has been a mammoth affair in this State, and many abuses and corruptions may have existed without the knowledge of its chief, Mr. De Bow. I respectfully recommend that a thorough inspection and investigation of all its operations be ordered by you.

I respectfully ask your attention to the condition of many of the military posts in this department. Most of the post commanders that I have visited have been badly instructed in the duties of their positions, because the orders and instructions intended for their governance are rarely or never sent to them from department headquarters. I have visited many of these officers who have never received or seen a single order from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, and are consequently entirely ignorant of the many important duties enjoined therein. It would seem from this that great negligence exists somewhere. I am forced to the conviction that the administration of this department has hitherto been exceedingly loose and inefficient. An active, energetic, and efficient department commander is greatly needed to bring order out of chaos and to infuse life and vigor into the routine of department business. Such an officer, unencumbered for a time at least by all merely local duties, might soon rescue a productive and important portion of the Confederacy from the many abuses which now oppress and injure it.

In conclusion of this report and at the conclusion, too, of our duties in this State, I trust that the considerations which are urged below will not be considered superfluous and impertartment like this the duties of an inspector are not only great, but continuous. In order to accomplish the results desired his inspections should not only be minute, but should be repeated at intervals in order to insure the suppression of evils. In fact, the presence of an inspector is necessary almost all the time. The many reasons which support this will suggest themselves at once to you. In view of this I respectfully suggest that a permanent inspector or inspectors be assigned to a certain geographical or military district, composed of not more than two States, whose duty it shall be to accomplish such inspections as you may direct under such instructions and discretion as you may see fit to instruct. The many contracts in this department, and the importance of the quartermaster's and subsistence departments in the States of Alabama and Mississippi, demand the constant presence of an active and energetic inspector at all times. If such a view meets your approbation, I respectfully beg leave to recommend Major B. F. Jones for that duty. It is but act of simple justice for me to give my official testimony to the singular fidelity and efficiency with which he has discharged his duties on this tour of inspection.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. S. HARRIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

