
[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

Extract from report of provost-marshal at Raymond for the month of August, 1864.

* * * * *

There is a considerable trade going on between this part of the country and Vicksburg. Blockade-runners still continue to carry through cotton to that place. The scouts on Big Black are apparently very inefficient in the checking of illicit trade with the enemy.

Captain Martin commands the line from Messinger's Ferry to Grand Gulf, and a great many think blockade-running is winked at by him, and everybody complains of him and blames General Adams for continuing him in command, accounting for his supposed leniency, toward Captain Martin on the grounds that he is General Adams' nephew. Be that as it may, cotton continues to go through the lines. Several lots have passed through upon General Adams' passes. One of 140 bales for the asylum, another for Government of seventy bales, and a man named Boone took through seven or eight loads, supposed to be on his own account, about the 1st of the present month. Citizens carry cotton into Vicksburg occasionally, whether with or without his pass am unable to say, but they are generally termed "Adams' pets. "

Our scouts soon become demoralized. In many instances the promise of a hat or pair of new boots is a sufficient bribe to buy their permission to pass cotton or anything else through the lines. Time to make the acquaintance of the scouts seems to be all that blockade-runners require.

W. H. OLDHAM,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

ENROLLING OFFICE, HINDS COUNTY, Jackson, Miss., August 9, 1864.

Major M. F. BERRY,

Enrolling Officer, 6th Conscription Dist., Enterprise, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following in regard to R. L. Boone, whose application for exemption I forwarded to your headquarters yesterday, with the statement that the applicant would be sent forward: Yesterday evening I had Boone notified that he must report at this office this morning prepared to got o Enterprise, and gave my guard instructions to arrest him if he failed to comply. (This was before I received your telegram of yesterday.) During the night or this morning Boone started to the enemy's lines, or Vicksburg, with sixteen bales of cotton. When my guard arrested him he produced a permit from General Wirt Adams, granted under authority of Secretary of War, to carry to and exchange with the enemy some thirty bales of cotton for bagging rope and stationery, and also produced permission to pass all guards and pickets unmolested. My guards, thinking they were obliged to obey this order from General Adams, allowed Boone to pass, and I presume that he has gone on to Big Black or Vicksburg.

This will show why Boone has not been sent to Enterprise.

Very respectfully, yours,

JO. H. MILLER,

Enrolling Officer, Hinds County.

