
respectfully inclose,* begging you, if consistent with the public service, that you will set aside this decision and grant me permission to make such purchases and shipments form the District of Middle Florida. I have no desire to come in conflict with purchasing agents of the Confederate Government. I only ask that my agents be placed on a like footing. Such authority granted to this department would place it in a condition to relieve the necessities of Georgia soldiers when the Confederate Government should be unable to do so. The favor is sought in the name of the gallant but destitute Georgians in Confederate service, whose wants will be supplied when the Government is short of supplies, if granted. The letter to Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, indorsed by Major General Howell Cob, and the refusal of the colonel commanding the District of Middle Florida, is therefore respectfully inclosed. Begging an early response,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA R. FOSTER,

Quartermaster-General of Georgia.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 8, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Do you advise compliance with the requests of this letter? Would it not impede your operations?

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, February 12, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Action of this kind upon the part of State authorities is apt to lead to competition without any material increase of the resources of the country. Still, I have never felt at liberty to impose any restraints upon the agents or officers of a State engaged in the collecting of supplies.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE CHIEF INSPECTOR FIELD TRANSPORTATION, DIST. Numbers 3, ALA., MISS., WEST TENN., AND EAST LA., Brandon, Miss., January 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. H. COLE,

Inspector-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Although so far as I am aware my general letters on the affairs of my district never reach you, yet I will continue to advise you, hoping they may turn up. I at last begin to see my way to realize the resources within my reach. If you will glance at the map, with the suggestion that in the interior there is an abundance of corn, and the stock is in good order and better cared for than it could be by the Government, and that it is early all required for the production of food, and should not be demanded by the Government unless upon a fair canvass of what is most required-food or mules. In addition to this it is always within reach of the Government, and by June 1, 1864, the corn crop will be made. I have located Captain L. B.

---------------

*Not found.

5 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

---------------

