
[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]

JULY 28, 1864.

I learned this evening from reliable sources that Captain Martin, commanding the line from Messinger's Ferry to Grand Gulf, has been and is at this time allowing cotton to be carried into the enemy's lines. Furthermore, I learned that Captain Martin himself had been transporting cotton across Black lines for the purpose of trading with the enemy.

For evidence you will apply to J. D. Goodwin, Auburn, Hinds County, Miss.

B. S. WHITE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

[Sub-inclosure No. 4.]

POST CANTON, MISS., August 22, 1864.

Captain HARRIS,

Inspector:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your inquiry about blockade-running I will state: On or about May 20 I seized a wagon loaded with cotton bound for Vicksburg. On examination I found the parties in possession of papers signed by Brigadier Gen. Wirt Adams, allowing them the privilege of carrying the cotton to Vicksburg. I at once presented the said papers to General Adams to know if they were correct. He replied that they were and ordered me to release them.

In regard to A. D. Sheldon, he is at this time absent and I cannot furnish you with a copy of his orders. Inclosed you will find statement of Lieutenant Chilton, enrolling officer for this county, which, in my opinion, is entirely correct. *

I most respectfully call your attention to the condition of the scouts in our immediate front. They are badly demoralized, to say the least of them. Citizens report to me daily that they can go into enemy's lines at the expense of a bottle of whisky or a pair of boots. To my certain knowledge their outfit consists mostly of blockade goods. I am not able to account for this unless they trade directly with the enemy or through the citizens. This being the case, I think a change of scouts would be very beneficial and aid greatly in suppressing trading with the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. ARCHER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure No. 5.]

DISTRICT ENROLLING OFFICE, Canton, August 22, 1864.

Captain J. N. ARCHER,

Commanding Post, Canton, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: Owing to the growing evil in this district of blockade-running and the consequent demoralization of the inhabitants, and the few instances in which such parties are brought before the authorities, it is thought that the scouts, whose duty it is to guard against such violations of the law, must have become to a great extent demoralized and particeps criminis with the persons engaged in unlawful trade with the enemy.

As an officer of the Confederate Government desirous of seeing this evil checked, I would suggest that the scouts now serving here be

---------------

*See sub-inclosure No. 6, p. 651.

---------------

