
COLUMBIA, September 15, 1864.

[President JEFFERSON DAVIS:]

SIR: The circumstances of our present political condition will be the apology for this letter. A few moments will be as much of your time as I will consume, I am sure, because I write upon the best authority that a revocation or modification of the present details with the reserve forces of this State would put into the field from 8,000 to 10,000 men. I have the like authority for the belief that a proportionately larger from the same sources in Georgia and North Carolina could be easily brought into the field. The three States undoubtedly could thus put into the field from 20,000 to 30,000 men. If to these will be added such forces as could be brought from Alabama and Mississippi, an army is at once created-an army which, with great deference to your better judgement, operating in and upon the rear of General Sherman, would out the disaster of the loss of Atlanta in the glory of its recovery. These troops, finding a point of convergence sufficiently in the rear of General Sherman, so that their junction would be certain, might thus, which the army of General Hood in his front, convert the captor into the captive, and be the crowning triumph of a campaign which but for the disaster in Georgia would have been in all respects as remarkable as has ever been recorded.

it would be unnecessary for me to write you of this, concerning which you are better informed than I can be, but it is of another matter connected with it, and of which I venture to make a suggestion. Such a movement as has been indicated would be assisted by the people of the State not included in the lists of detailed men or of the reserve force. I feel sure that concurrently with this the spirit of the people, in many places diverted if not downcast, could be vitalized and awakened; that their temper in some places, not sustained at the high point it reached in the commencement of our contest, could be brought back to what it was and an enthusiasm as deep and strong as that which introduced our revolution be now excited, and which when so excited would hasten it to a victorious conclusion. I believe that the difficulties which surround us could be converted into sources of strength and our dangers become the weapons of our deliverance. I have adverted to the temper (it may seem the indifference) which will be found with some, perhaps with many, and you may ask me how it is intended to overcome this moral atrophy. I am not apt to be seduced by an oversanguine expectation, but of this I am sure-with such an organization as has been referred to and a knowledge of the purposes for which it is intended, with the fact that they who were not bound to military service and would become united in this movement would not be required for the execution of the plan to be in the field for more than sixty of ninety days, it would be easy to excite and move large bodies of our people into, this enterprise. It would be recognized as a campaign in which there would be no exemption, because there would be no compulsion-in which there should be no exemption, because they who were entitled to the exemption would discard it. We can preach the enterprise as they preached the crusade. We can preach the expulsion of the foe as we preached the disruption of the Union. I know those who will take up the torch and bear it, and I am sure that with the spirit which animates them their success will be certain. They will accept it as a holy calling, will suspend their duties and avocations, and I know will rouse themselves to a temper which will move them with

