
Within thirty days the Army of Tennessee will have consumed the present supply of meat. Our officers in all of the State are fully alive to the interests of the department, but the difficulties which beset them are insurmountable, and, receive due consideration in connection with the present condition of the commissariat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 32. Richmond, Va., September 16, 1864.

The following rules are adopted for the payment of the extra compensation to detailed non-commissioned officers and privates of the Army and of conscription in the service of this Bureau at all points out of Richmond:

I. All such detailed men will receive their regular pay, rations, and other allowances as if actually on field duty.

II. In addition to their pay, &amp;c., each detailed man shall receive $1 per day as extra-duty pay proper, to be paid for each day of such extra-duty labor.

III. As extra compensation for extraordinary skill, labor, and industry on the part of a detailed man, there shall be paid for each day on which service is actually rendered as follows: For first class clerks, $2 per day; for second-class clerks, $1 per day. Provided, that when any detailed clerk receives his allowances in kind (as at hospitals), he shall be paid only 25 cents per day and no more, either as extra-duty pay proper or otherwise.

IV. In case of a detailed men being employed as mechanic, he shall be paid such extra compensation for extraordinary skill, labor and industry as may be allowed to detailed men similarly employed in the quartermaster's department at the same place, or the nearest post thereto, and which may be fixed under General Order, No. 66, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series.

V. Commutation to detailed men or conscripts before assignment will be allowed at the rate of $20 per month in lieu of all allowances for fuel, quarters, and straw.

VI. These rates are to take effect from and after the 1st day of August, 1864.

By order of Brigadier-General Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
Richmond, September 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the muster-rolls of the reserve forces of Virginia which have been organized up to this time. The muster-rolls contain the names of 13,072 officers and men. They show that the reserve forces of Virginia, already organized, are composed of 114 companies, averaging 90 men to the company. They are already divided into five brigades under temporary

