
the President, with the consent of the Senate. I send you a copy of so much of the opinion as relates to this point.

This view of the law, declared in this opinion, has been adopted by the Secretary of War upon the case of vacancies in the North Carolina the Secretary of War upon the case of vacancies in the North Carolina State troops being directly presented to him. He feels that he is imperatively bound by the Constitution that the appointments should be made by the President, and that he has no discretion any longer to acquiesce in an arrangement made by his predecessor under what he believes and what has since been declared to be an erroneous construction of the law.

This brief synopsis, with the copy of Mr. Watts' opinion, will advise of the reasons by which the War Department has been governed and enable you to judge of their validity. I express so opinion myself, being as I have said, precluded from so doing by the rules of my office.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

GEORGE DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

Assuming that these regiments and legion were received into the Confederate service under the act of the 11th of May, 1861, as organized bodies, the question is still, how are vacancies in the officer filled? This act expressly declares that volunteer forces accepted under it shall be organized in accordance with and subject to all the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense. " The fifth section of the latter act declares that the officers of companies, squadrons, battalions, and regiments 'shall be appointed in the manner prescribed by law in the several States to which they shall severally belong, but when inspected, mustered, and received into the service of the Confederate States, said troops shall be regarded in allart of the Army of the Confederate States, according to the terms of their respective enlistment. "

It is distinctly declared that the appointment of the officers of companies, squadrons, battalion, and regiments shall be according to the law of the State from which they come. This may well be done if: in raising armies" Congress can constitutionally authorize the reception of organized companies, battalion, and regiments as well as the enlistment of single individuals. As Congress is unrestricted in this respect in the mode of raising armies, I have no doubt this can be done. But when such troops are received into the service of the Confederate States and are then to be regarded in all respects as a part of the Army of the Confederate States, the mode for the appointment of officers declared in the Constitution must prevail.

The officers afterward appointed for the companies, battalion, and regiment are officers of the Confederate States. The Constitution, in the second clause of second section, second article, declares that the President 'shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public minister and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the Confederate States whose appointments are not otherwise provided for and which shall be established by law. But Congress may be law vest the appointment of such inferior officers as they may think proper in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of the Departments. "

When these troops became a part of the Army of the Confederate States, Congress not having vested the appointment of the officers in

