
the President alone, or otherwise provided for such appointment, the vacancies can only be filled by the President's nomination and appointment by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, as provided in the ninth section of the act "For the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States. "

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, POST-OFFICE DEPT.,

Richmond, September 17, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The inclosed papers are respectfully returned.

The only class of persons in the service of this Department which should make any noteworthy deduction from the military force is the mail contractors and drives of post-coaches and hacks, who are exempted under the law of April 14, 1863. The whole number of mail contractors in the Confederate States on the 7th of December, 1863, was 1,253. Of these, those in the States of Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas entered into contracts in the spring of the year 1862, before the passage of the first law of conscription, up to which time such contracts were not south to secure exemption, and from the 23d of September, 1862, the date of the approval of the first law of conscription, to the 14th of April, 1863, the date of the law exempting contractors, and drivers, these classes were liable to enrollment in the Army. The time for the receipt of binds for contracts in the remaining States, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, terminated on the 1st of May, 1863, so soon after the passage of the law of April 14 as to prevent the publication and notice of the existence of this law in considerable portions of these States, so as to enable parties to make bids in view of it. From these facts I infer the number of persons who originally submitted bids to keep out of the military service cannot be large; and I am sustained in this view by the that up to the 7th of December last but 147 contracts had been let to persons for nominal considerations.

One hundred and five additional contracts at nominal rates have been made since that date in cases when existing contractors have been put into the military service, or for other reasons have abandoned the postal service. I cannot tell the number of persons engaged as mail contractors who would otherwise be liable to military service, but suppose it cannot at most exceed 500, and it may fall much below that numbers. And I do not think the number exempted as drivers can be as great as the number of exempt contractors an account of the very limited number of routes on which the mails are carried in coaches or hacks.

It is a question of policy whether the legislation on thisbe so changed as to disallow these exemption. I have supposed that to do so with our present currency would render it impracticable to keep up the postal service, and that it would be better to spare the number of men necessary from the Army than to let it go down, or become so embarrassed as to produce discontent in the Army and country by rendering the ordinary means of postal communication impracticable. I fear that the loss of the means of such

42 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

