
communication would cause more men to desert in a short time than are required to keep the service up. But if you think it best to take the views of the President and Cabinet on this question, and they should think differently, I will do all I can to keep up the service without the aid of exempts.

In this connection I beg to call your attention to the portion of my report of December 7, 1863, above referred to, extending from PAGE6 to 10, under the head of "Contract Bureau," herewith inclosed,* from which you will perceive that the Department was unable to obtain bids for contracts to carry on the postal service without exemption to the contractors from military service.

There should be no diminution from the military force on account of postmaster. Those postmaster not appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate are not exempt, and the number appointed by the President does not exceed 100, and of this class he has steadily refused to appoint person liable to military service. So that if the enrolling officers do their duty little or nothing can be lost to the Army by postmasters.

There are a few clerks in the larger class of post-offices whom it has been very desirable for the Department to retain on account of their special knowledge and experience. But I believe in an indorsement I sent you some time past I suggested that some thirty-five of these would cover all I thought indispensable, and even these we might after a little be able to dispense with if the postmasters can be induced to proper vigilance in instructing others.

There may be a few route agents in the service of this Department who would be liable to military service, but the number is very small, if there are any, as I have refused to appoint any one to these duties who is liable to military service the passage of the first law of conscription.

I desire no exemption for this Department which it is practicable to get along without, and you shall have my cheerful co-operation in everything which will augment our armies.

The case of Leftwich, of this city, referred too by General Lee, arose out of a recent contract on a route extending from Macon to Monticello, Ga. (not Alabama), forty-five miles in length. The former contractor was arrested and put into the military service contrary to law. The route was one of such importance that the postmasters on it and the special agent of the Department requested a renewal of the service, and it was readvertised on the 16th of March, 1864, and Leftwich being the lowest bidder, the contract was awarded to him on the 27th of May, 1864, for a merely nominal consideration, and I am informed it is costing him at the rate of $6,000 a year to have the service performed.

In relation to the other case mentioned by General Lee, I would say that the post-official at Mechanicsville, in Louisa Country, Va., is what we call a special office, and this Department makes no contracts with carriers to supply that class of offices with mails. It merely consents to give so much out f the proceeds of the office for supplying it with the mails, and the carriers having no contracts are not exempt from military service, so that the carrier who supplies the Mechanicsville office is not exempt military service on that account.

This Department is not even furnished with the names of such carriers except as they come to the Auditor's Office from quarter to quarter.

---------------

* Omitted

---------------

