
From the last return in the Auditor's Office the name of the carrier who supplies the office at Mechanicsville is James M. Michie. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN, H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
September 7, 1864.

Captain H. C. THORBURN:

You will obey the writ in the case of Thomas Vaden and proceed with him on to-morrow morning's train to Richmond. You will see Mr. Aylett and report the facts to him.

As I understand the matter Thomas Vaden since his enlistment has been elected justice of the peas of Chesterfield County and on this bases his claim to a discharged from service. There is no provision of law requiring discharge in such a case. The act of Congress approved 17th of February, 1864, provides for the exemption of such State officers as the Governor of a State shall certify to be necessary for the proper administration of the State government. This, however, does not operate to discharge from the service these already enlisted. It is not that there shall be discharged from service those whom the Governor of a State may deem necessary for the proper administration of the government, but that all such be exempt from enrollment, &amp;c. ; that is, of course, those not in the service at the time of the passage of the bill. This man Vaden is clearly liable to perform service in his present company during the war by the requirements of the second section of the bill published in General Orders, no. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series.

By a law of Congress, published in General Orders, No. 48, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of 1863, it is obligatory upon the Department to accept the resignation of officers and to discharge enlisted men when elected to certain position in the civil government. It does not, however, relate to the case under discussion. Justices of the peace are not enumerated in the list offices in the law referred to.

By previous laws a Senator or a Representative, &c., was exempt from service; but those laws did not discharge a man the service who was elected to fill the position of Senator or Representative. It was therefore necessary to make this special enactment (General Orders, No. 48, 1863) requiring discharge from service under such circumstances. So it will be necessary to enact a bill to require the discharge of those elected peace before the claim of Vaden can be pronounced valid.

The Secretary of War had previously decided many similar cases adversely to the applicants (see that of H. D. Stevens, Company d, Fifteenth Virginia Infantry, by indorsement of J. A. Campbell, Assistant Secretary of War, 20th of August, 1864). You will on your return report the decision of the court.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

