
Mitchell at Courtland, ala., in connection with General Roddey's cavalry, with agents in the enemy's lines. A quartermaster at Okolona is acting as my purchasing agent in all matters that arise around that point. Major W. S. Harris is at Panola, Miss., with agents on Mississippi River and in West Tennessee moving with Forrest's cavalry. Captain C. A. Manlove is stationed at Tchula, Miss., with agents running in to Mississippi River. Captain Wilkes Henry is stationed at Port Gibson, with agents in and around Vicksburg. At Woodville, Miss., I have Captain H. F. Cook, with agents on Mississippi River down to Lake Maurepas. Upon my personal application stables in most respectable and energetic men, exempt from military service, as their agents, with instructions to canvass every plantation and buy every mule, the quartermaster traveling through every part of his district and conferring at home with his agents, seeing for himself and aiding and advising his agents, requiring them to report in writing and verbally. By this means I am accomplishing something, and will certainly meet requisitions from my own district, which are much increased by the organization of new regiments by General Forrest and others, and by having requisitions already filled for Georgia. I have been notified already of arrival of arrival at a safe place of 140 mules form North Alabama and 150 from near Baton Rouge.

Respectfully,

A. M. PAXTON,

Major and Quartermaster.

[JANUARY 30, 1864. -For Cooper to Polk, in relation to the organization of troops within the enemy's lines, see Series I, VOL. XXXII, Part II, p. 636.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11.
 Richmond, February 1, 1864.

I. Examining boards for conscripts will, when practicable, be composed of two medical officers and one employed surgeon. They will hold continuous sessions in the several counties of their respective districts, to facilitate the execution of the duties prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 141, 1863, from this office.

II. Paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 141, last series, from this office, is amended to provide that in all cases when there are two medical officers on the boards for the examination of conscripts, recommendations and certificates must be concurred in and signed by both medical officers.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 26.
 Richmond, February 1, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXIV. Colonel William Miller, of the First Florida Regiment, is assigned to duty as commandant of conscripts for the State of Florida,

