
[Inclosure No. 2.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, ORDNANCE AND COMMISSARY TRAIN,

ARTY., THIRD CORPS,

September 9, 1864.

Lieut. Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Army of Northern Virginia:

SIR: In obedience to your order of the 7th instant I went to Richmond yesterday in the habeas corpus case of Thomas Vaden, Jr., and in the absence of Mr. Aylett presented your letter of instruction to Messrs Sands and Neeson, who were acting in his place, and stated to them all the facts in my knowledge with regard to the case. They informed me that several similar cases have been decided in favor of the applicants for discharge after having been fully argued by Colonel August and Mr. Neeson, and that an appeal had been taken to the court of appeals. After a hearing in the case of Vaden the judge decided to discharge him from the service. An appeal will also be taken in his case.

I was accompanied to Richmond by Lieutenant Fry, of Utterback's battery, the company to which Vaden belonged, who gave all the assistance in his power in protecting the interests of the Government in this case.

I have the honor to be, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

H. C. THORBURN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: A man claims discharge having been elected justice of the peace. Judge Meredith issues writ of habeas corpus and disable-bodied fellows will be elected magistrate and thus get out of service. With enrolling officers to exempt and detail and judges to discharge we are in a sad way.

W. H. T.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
September 10, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention too the inclosed papers* with the hope that something may be done to correct the evil they disclose. The drain upon the strength of the Army by exemption of civil officers, postmasters, clerks, and mail carries, added to the details made for other purposes, is more than it can bear. I suppose there is no remedy for this particular case but a reversal of the decision of Judge Meredith, of if that failed, a change of the law. If that be necessary I trust you will bring it to the attention of Congress at its next meeting. A large number of able-bodied men are taken from the Army or kept out of it as mail contractors. In many instance these contracts are made for the sole purpose of evading service in the Army.

The case of one Leftwich, of Richmond, has been reported to me as a flagrant instance of this kind. He has contract to convey the

---------------

* See inclosure Nos. 1 and 2, next, ante.

---------------

