
mails on an unimportant route in Alabama. He resides in Richmond, where he is carrying on his business, and has never seen his route, as I am informed. Yet the court discharged him. I cannot believe that there was any necessity for the award of this contract to Leftwich, and have no doubt that the Post-Office Department was imposed upon.

Another instance has been reported to me of a young man in Louisa Country, whose name I cannot now recall, but who obtained a contract to carry the mail from the obscure post-office of Mechanicsville, near Gordonsville, and was discharged the service. The is the son of wealthy parents, and I am told remains at home and employs some one else to carry the mail. I suppose it is in the power of the Post-Office Department to prevent these abuses and event to annual such fraudulent contracts where they exist. Perhaps if the attention of the Postmaster-General were called to the subject some slight increase of our depleted ranks might be secured.

I am constrained to say that while it is important that all; the interests of the people should be regarded by the Government their preservation from subjugation is the greatest of all, in my opinion the emergency requires the sacrifice of every other consideration to the vital question of the public safety.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. D. LEE.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the Honorable Postmaster-General, whose particular attention is invoked at the suggestion of General Lee to the within earnest letter of that distinguished general, to a matter perhaps within the power of the Honorable Postmaster-General to correct.

J. A. SEDDON.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 221. Richmond, September 17, 1864.

* * * *

VII. Major Theophilus Steele, of Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, is assigned to duty with Colonel R. J. Breckinridge, Provisional Army C. S., for recruiting service in Kentucky, and will report accordingly.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 17, 1864.

Whereas, by the will of George Mendenhall, of North Carolina lately deceased, which has been established in the supreme court of that they be removed from that State beyond the Confederate States; and whereas, the executrix has applied for license to remove fourteen slaves mentioned and comprehended in the said will, viz, Abram, aged sixty or sixty-five; his wife, aged fifty, and their children, Frank and

