
I know that the reply to all this is that it will swell the public debt to a ruinous figure. Not so. The Government has the power of taxation. It can bring back to the Treasury what it disburses. And at last the great means of sustaining the currency is by adopting such legislation as will create a demand for it. High taxation will do this. Nothing else will. High prices will justify as well as necessity as well as necessitate high taxes. The right of impressment is unquestionable; but is should not be resorted to except from necessity. Nor should the Government pursue a course which creates that necessity. The policy of maximums will always create and continue that necessity. Impressment should be resorted to when the citizens refuse to sell for just compensation; that is, he should be compelled to sell, but beyond that the Government should not go. It should not compel sale at a price fixed far below the marked value. It can impress, but it has no right to fix pieces. The Constitution declares that compensation should be just, Is it just to take wheat and corn and bacon at schedule prices when these articles in market will readily command twice as much? I repeat, I would advise the abandonment of this whole schedule arrangement. I would impress provisions in every case where the planter refused to sell at market value. Do this and you will feed the armies, the people will be contented, and if the expenditure is great bring it back by taxation. Create a demand for Confederate money and it will appreciate. Keep down redundancy by the join operation of taxation and the sale of bonds. I thrown out these suggestions in no spirit of complaint. You know I am a friend to the Administration, and I trust I feel an honest and deep interest in the success of our struggle. It is far beyond dollars and cents. As a citizens, I am willing to submit to any sacrifice, as are thousands of others, but in what I have said I am prompted by a deep conis for the public good. Let not the Government stop to count dollars and cents when our existence is at stake. Feed the Army at any price. It will be part of the price of liberty. The people will pay the debt. It they refuse the Government will be free from censure, and they will but prove unworthy the boon of independence and good government. This can never be.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HERSCHEL V. JOHNSON.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury. I dissent in toto, but submit for consideration and as an indication of the sentiment in Georgia.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War with thanks, and accompanies by the letter referred to by Hon. Mr. Johnson. * This was answered on the 8th September, but no copy was kept of the reply.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

---------------

* See Johnson to Trenholm August 16, p. 594.

---------------

