
GREENVILLE, September 18, 1864.

Hon. G. A. TRENHOLM,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Should it be deemed desirable, I could aid the Government to prepare and keep open a new port or ports which it would taw the powers of any enemy to take from us or to close. To do this would require fewer men and less means than are necessary for the defense of any of our ports with which I am acquainted. Quality more than quantity would be required, and many a man not fit for general field service would be just the man for this work.

If our military authorities wish, I will go to Richmond; should my thoughts be favorably considered, they could then use me, or other, to carry out the plan. I may also be of some service otherwise to General Bragg, for since I lost my regiment at the reorganization I have examined much of our coast and the interior of out State, also the mountain region above us, all of which may from but a part of one whole in the coming defense of our country against Sherman.

You may know little of me as a military man, but if you think it worth while to bring this to the consideration of General Bragg you can say that I served in Florida on the staff of a West Point graduate in 1863, and from that time to this I have studied as one does for a profession, and this with no view to personal ends, but that I might serve my country. If General Bragg knows that more than ten years ago I so Interested Captain Collum and Mr. Boutelle as to get them to examine with me the entire grounds and waters around Charleston with a view to their defense, he will understand that I must have had some thoughts on such subjects.

As Colonel Harris (engineer) has been with me several times over ground that I have studied, he can say whether it may be worth the time of General Bragg (and I know what his time is worth) to listen to my proposition.

General Gilmer has also been with me over ground that I had devoted much attention to (the Edisto and Branchville country), and he can say what he thinks. Co the Ordnance, knew me in Charleston, and may have an opinion. I only mention these things that you may not be required to say anything for me which you do not yourself know.

You can, I think, say that I am honest and earnest, and I say that I want nothing from the Government, but only seek to aid it. Yours, very respectfully,

LEWIS M. HATCH,

For the present, Greenville, S. C.

If they want to see me, and you do not deem it indelicate, you might ask for such an order as would give me transportation. I would pay my other expenses; but in this as you think best.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg. Colonel Hatch is a gentleman of much practical knowledge in the matter to which his letter relates, and of great energy and perseverance.

G. A. TRENHOLM.

I think he ought to have stated where the ports are to which he refers.

