
persons; also copy of instructions to enrolling officers to meet, if possible, the requisitions of General Gilmer.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. SHIELDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CIRCULAR] CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, September 7, 1864.

I. You will send in at once a full perfect list of all male free negroes who have been enrolled in your district up to the 1st of September by medical board, and when and where assigned; if unassigned, state reason. Receipts for these assignments must accompany this report unless already sent in. Many officers have failed to make any report whatever of this enrollment, or else have made it very imperfectly, and it will be impossible for an intelligible return to be sent up from this office unless district officers will give this order their special attention.

II. A separate report is likewise required of all negro slaves who have been impressed up to 1st of September, with descriptive lists and receipts, owner's name and residence.

By order of Lieut. Colonel J. C. Shields, commandant:

JAS. H. BINFORD,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

(To District Officers.)

[Inclosure No. 2.]

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT,

Gordonsville, September 12, 1864.

Colonel JOHN C. PORTER:

(Through Major W. B. Richards.)

I have been inform that there are a number of free negroes now in Culpeper liable to conscription, and who are kept out merely by applications for detail, made by some of their friends in Culpeper. These applications of course are only intended to delay the execution of the law, and are not even expected to be granted. And being without anything like a competent force to carry on the work necessary to same the large amount of Government forage thrown on my hands, and unable to procure negroes other than by impressment, I respectfully request that you send me an order upon Lieut. William C. Graves, enrolling officer for Culpeper, for the same.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EUSTACE GIBSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Gordonsville, September 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel J. C. Porter.

Captain Gibson has charge of the forage department here. His duties are very heavy. I am unable to supply him with labor in consequence of the desertion of free negroes recently supplies to me.

W. B. RICHARDS, Jr.,

Major and Post Quartermaster.

