
[Second indorsement.]

ENROLLING OFFICE, EIGHT DISTRICT,

Orange Court-House, September 14, 21864.

Respectfully referred to the commandant to know if the free negroes of Culpeper, if there be any liable to duty, can be turned over to Captain Gibson.

J. C. PORTER,

Colonel and Enrolling Officer Eight District.

[Third indorsement.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, September 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Bureau of Conscription.

This application under instructions of the Bureau can be disposed of at this office. The necessity of this labor in Culpeper and other counties recently coming again into our military lines to enable the Quartermaster's Department to collect forage presents reasons as urgent as the necessity made apparent in Colonel Corley's application to secure fuel for the same army for which the forage is intended. After securing the forage a transfer of the force to obtain fuel would be judicious, but it is believed that nearly all will desert if transferred from their own sections.

Unless otherwise instructed I will turn them over for a limited time to the Quartermaster's Department for the collection of forage in the section referred to.

J. C. SHIELDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 19, 1864.

Lieut. J. E. HEATH,

Enrolling Officer Fourth Congressional District:

LIEUTENANT: The commandant directs that you furnish this office with an immediate report in compliance with Circular No. 60, current series, from this office, and that you report any free negroes in your district not yet assigned to Captain W. G. Bender, Engineer Corps, at High, Brigade, South Side Railroad descriptive list and taking receipts, to be forwarded to this office.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. B. LANGHORNE,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 19, 1864.

Captain R. S. HENLEY,

Enrolling Officer Fifth Congressional District:

CAPTAIN: The commandant directs that you furnish this office with an immediate report in compliance with Circular No. 60, current series, from this office, and that you report any free negroes in your district you assigned to Lieut. J. D., Hunter, Engineer Bureau, at Wolf Trap Station, Richmond and Danville Railroad, furnishing descriptive lists and taking receipts, to be forwarded to this office.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

M. B. LANGHORNE,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

