
[Inclosure No. 5.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., September 14, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statement and recommendations thereof for your consideration and action:

Captain W. G. Bender, Engineers, in charge of the defenses of the Richmond and Danville and South Side Railroads, reports great deficiency of labor on the works now progressing at and near the various brigades on those roads, and particularly on the fortifications at the High Bridge over the Appomattox River, and the Banister River brigade. At the former there are only some thirty negroes, all free, and with that force it would require four months to complete the works contemplated at that point. At the latter point there will be, after the 15th of the present month, only about twenty-five free negroes. This Bureau attaches much importance to the defensive works along that line of railroad, and would respectfully urge the necessity of pressing them forward to completion.

Captain Bender, the engineer in charge, is informed that there is a number of free negroes still in the counties adjoining the points to be fortified, and is very desirous of securing their services on the works. I therefore have the honor to request that the Bureau of Conscription be directed to conscribe for this purpose the free negroes liable to enrollment from nine counties named herein, and that they be assigned to labor as follows, to wit: Those from the counties of Appomattox, Prince, Edward, Amelia, Buckingham, and Cumberland, to be ordered to report to Captain W. G. bender, Engineers, or to T. M. Hewitt, assistant engineer at High Brigade. Those from Charlotte, Lunenburg, Mecklengurg, and Halifax to report to Lieut. J. D. Hunter, Engineers, at Wolf Trap Station, Banister River. If the labor of the free negroes liable to conscription in those counties can be obtained it will, to a great extent, insure the speedy completion of the defenses at those points.

I would also respectfully request, should the foregoing meet your approval, that the enrolling officers who conscribe the free negroes be directed to furnish to each negro at the time of enrollment a descriptive list, filled out in the usual form; this is desired in order to obviate much difficulty which continually arises in determining the pay and allowances due to these negroes. It will enable the officer under whose charge they labor to give to each, when he is dismissed, a statement showing up to what time they have been paid and what allowances they have received, for the information of those under whom they may next serve; this to be deposited in the hands of the officer in charge, to be returned by him at the expiration of time of service, with payments made and clothing issued indorsed on each.

Very respectfully, your ob

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief Engineer Bureau.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

CONSCRIPTION BUREAU:

The recommendations of this letter are approved and will be carried out. To every negro enrolled a descriptive list should be given by

