
and will report to Colonel John S. Preston, chief of the Bureau of Conscription, in this city.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 3, 1864.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

The present state of the Confederacy, in my judgment, requires that I should call your attention to a condition of things existing in the country which has already been productive of serious evil, and which threatens still graver consequences unless an adequate remedy shall be speedily applied by the legislation of Congress. It has been our cherished hope-and hitherto justified by the generous self-devotion of our citizens-that when the great struggle in which we are engaged was passed we might exhibit to the world the proud spectacle of a people unanimous in the assertions and defense of their rights and achieving their liberty and independence after the bloodiest war of to military necessity. But it can no longer be doubted that the zeal with which the people sprung to arms at the beginning of the contest has, in some parts of the Confederacy, been impaired by the long continuance and magnitude of the struggle.

While brigade after brigade of our brave soldiers who have endured the trials of the camp and battle-field are testifying their spirit and patriotism by voluntary re-enlistment for the war, discontent, disaffection, and disloyalty are manifested among those who, through the sacrifices of others, have enjoyed quiet and safety at home. Public meetings have been held, in some of which treasonable designs are masked by a pretended devotion to State sovereign, and in others is openly avowed. Conventions are advocated with the pretended object of redressing grievances, which, if they existed, could as well be remedied by ordinary legislative action, but with the real design of accomplishing treason under the form of law. To this end a strong suspicion is entertained that secret leagues and associations are being formed. In certain localities men of no mean position do not hesitate to avow their disloyalty and hostility to our cause, and their advocacy of peace on the terms of submission to the abolition of slavery. In districts overrun by the enemy or liable to their encroachments, citizens of well-known disloyalty are holding frequent communication with them, and furnishing valuable information to our injury, even to the frustration of important military movements. And yet must they, through too strict regard to the technicalities of the law, be permitted to go at large till they have perfected their treason by the commission of an overt act? After the commission of the act the evidence is often unattainable, because within the enemy's lines. Again and again such persons have been arrested, and as often they have been discharged by the civil authorities, because the Government could not procure the testimony from within the lines of the enemy. on one occasion, when a party of officers were laying a torpedo in James River, persons on shore were detected communicating with the enemy, and were known to pilot them to a convenient point for observing the nature of the service in which the party were engaged. They were

