
alleged consul a letter, of which I inclose a copy and to which I invite your attention. * Should any similar communication from the same party, or any other person representing himself as charged with consular powers from any neutral nation, be addressed too you it would be advisable for you before replying, or in any manner impliedly acknowledging the relations, to refer the subject for information as to the authority of the party.

In reference to the foreigner who left Georgia under the orders of Governor Brown, it cannot be permitted that they should pass to or hold communication with the enemy. They are entitled and will be permitted to leave any or our ports for their own or any neutral country, but not to sail direct to the United States. It should be explained to them that the laws of war and of nations preclude such privileges as communicating with the enemy, and that whatever difficulties or expenses beyond the ordinary fare of passage to neutral ports, are in no wise attributable to the action of our Government or authorities, but are due solely to the illegal blockade of the enemy and its toleration by neutral nations. As suggested by the Honorable Secretary of State, it may be well doubted whether the authority of the Governor of Georgia extended to the act of expulsion, and whether those parties having the privilege of free recourse to the courts were under the necessity of leaving their abodes in that State. Their condition, however, resulting from their yielding obedience to the mandate of the Governor excites sympathy and consideration. The Department will offer such ameliorations and relief as it can within the province of its powers. Any of these parties willing to take service as laborers and employes in the works of the Government may be employed at fair wages, and you are authorized to send such to the superintendents and workshops of the department. Of course, as far as conveniently may be, you will prefer those within ordepartment. Yo others who may wish to go abroad passports and such facilities as can be consistently rendered will be given by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR LETTER.] RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of the State of South Carolina, Columbia:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to a matter of public interest, in which the harmony of action between the State and Confederate government is essential to the public welfare.

In some of the State executive proclamation have been issued requiring all aliens within their limits to render military service or to depart from the State within a specified period. The language of these proclamations has been so general as to admit of no exceptions, and their effect has been in some instances to alarm alien mechanics and laborers employed in the Confederate workshops and factories, to induce them to abandon their employed, and to demand passports in order to return to their country.

Skilled workmen, experts in various mechanical pursuits, indispensable in the foundries, laboratories, arsenals, machine-shops, and

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

