
factories, have bee engaged in Europe under contracts which guarantee to them immunity form the obligation bearing arms, and many immigrants are now on their way to the Confederacy on the faith of these contracts.

It is not doubted that the Governors of the several States who have issued such proclamation entertained no intention of interfering with mechanics and workmen in the Confederate military service. Men who are employed in manufacturing and preparing munitions of war and military supplies are as effectively engaged in the defense of the country, and should be as free from interference by the State authorities as the soldiers in the field. But the failure to indicate in the proclamations already issued that such men as are thus employed in the Confederate service are not intended to be embraced within the terms of the proclamation has already given rise to the abandonment or work indispensable to the Army.

I have therefore respectfully to request that in all cases where such proclamations have been or may hereafter be issued, the necessary notice be given that they do not apply to this class of aliens.

In addressing to you this communication it is my purpose carefully to avoid raising any question that could produce a conflict between the General and State governments, and I therefore refrain from the expression of an opinion on the constitutionality of such exercise of power as in involved in these proclamations. It may not, however, be improper to invoke your consideration of the policy of banishing from our country at a time when the services of every man are particularly valuable such aliens as have not acquired the residence which would subject them to military service, but who are willing to serve their country as artisans during the war. It is plan that the labor of all such as are usefully employed in the Confederate workshops, factories, and laboratories must be performed by some one, and if these undomiciled foreigners are driveces must be supplied (if indeed they could be supplied at all) by men detailed from the Army; and the action of the State authorities would thus result in an effect precisely the reverse from that intended by them; it would diminish instead of increasing the strength of the armies. Those aliens even who are laboring elsewhere than in the service of the Government are efficiently aiding our cause by services of great value in furnishing to our people many necessary articles, such as shoes, clothing, machinery, agricultural implements, and the like, which it is now so difficult to obtain from abroad.

It is submitted that should policy would require us to encourage during the war rather than prohibit the residence of such persons among us, even through they are not available for service in the field. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

(Same to Governor Vance, of North Carolina; Watts, of Alabama; Brown, of Georgia; Smith, of Virginia, and Milton, Florida.)

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, September 19, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The State of North Carolina has contracts with nearly all the cotton and woolen mills within her borders for a certain per cent.

