
of their productions. I have imported material and machinery for them, and so far here supplied our troops with their fabrics at half the price paid by Confederate agents. General Lawton has, however, conceived the idea that the whole business of this State supplying her own troops must be broken up, no doubt for the reason that it is done better and cheaper than it could be done by him. Accordingly, details for hands in the factories have been refused and they are being sent to camp, unless they will break their contracts with the State and enter into others with General Lawton. I am in receipt of a letter announcing the suspension of an extensive factory this morning for that cause.

I presume hich I was treated about running the blockade, and the many impediments thrown in the way of the State quartermaster's department generally, that General Lawton's attempt to seize the whole business receives the countenance of the Confederate Administration. If so, I would be glad to have it honestly avowed. If the Confederate and State governments are reduced to the disreputable position of scheming against each other and of oppressing whenever one may happen to have the power over the other, I want to understand it when my time comes.

North Carolina long ago made a contract with the Confederate States to furnish her own troops in the field, and to enable her to do this it was agreed that her own resources should be surrendered to her own agents. Notwithstanding, this was immediately disregarded and we have had to contend with Confederate agents in every market for every article, yet it is our boats and pride that we have nobly fulfilled the contract. It does not suit our convenience or notions of duty toward our soldiers to surrender everything now to Mr. Lawton and allow him to seize our mills by force after all that we have done to keep them up; nor have we ever refused to loan the surplus to the Confederate States after supplying our own troops.

I will not undertake to show the impolicy of such a course, the million saved the Confederacy by the enterprise of the State, the comfort added to the hand lot of our soldier, nor any considerations of that character.

But I beg you to pause before permitting General Lawton to outs North Carolina of her resources to clothe her troops in this manner. It will not be submitted to by,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 23, 1864.

Referred to the Quartermaster-General for consideration and report on this extraordinary letter.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[SEPTEMBER 21, 1864. -For Special Orders, No. 224 (paragraph XII), Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, directing the impressment of 5,000 slaves in the State of Virginia for service in the Army of Northern Virginia for the term of thirty days, see Series I, VOL. XII, Part II, P. 1268.]

