
richmond, September 21, 1864.

COLIN J. McRAE,

Paris:

At the instance of the Secretary estimates have recently been submitted of the wants of the various bureaus abroad in sterling for a portion of six months. After crediting on the estimate of this Bureau which it was through could reasonably be expected under existing contracts, there reMained the sum of pounds 395,000. For this it is understood a warrant will issue in your favor, by which the funds will be made available as they may accumulate, through the sales of cotton, or bonds, or from any other sources. In this connection I can only commend Major Ferguson and the important interests of this department to a continuance of the favorable regard you have extended to both in the past. The diminished resources of the country make this department more than ever dependent upon the foreign supply, especially in connection with the articles of leather, stationery, and woolen materials of every description, all of which are required by this branch of the service in large quantities. I have also instructed Major Ferguson in regard to machinery required for the manufacture of blankets and field transportation. I doubt not that the Treasury Department, aided by the arrangement recently effect by you with Collie &amp; Co., will be able to meet this foreign demand.

Major Walker has been instructed to suspend further purchases in the islands. Major Ferguson, it is thought, can duty to more advantage in the English market, especially on the score of quality. Owing to recent charges and the division of the proceeds of cotton to you, Major Walker is new heavily in debt and without any expectation of payment save through you. He probably owes over pounds 30,000, exclusive of his purchases from Mr. Austin, for which he was authorized by you to draw at four months. I have instructed him to report the exact amount to you, and I must ask, out of a fair regard for the credit of the Government, that you extend to him all the facilities in your power to close up these old transactions. Some of the ceady a little impatient.

Should Mr. Sharp require some L 500 more to complete his purchases please let him have it.

The Davis and Fitzhugh contract expires at an early day. In the meantime the deliveries will be subjected to a careful inspection. Can you arrange in any way to secure an inspection in England by Major Ferguson? I much prefer deliveries under the Rosenberg contract, and hope that they may not be superseded by the supposed advantages of the Davis and Fitzhugh contract. It was not contemplated that this department should be charged with the pay, &c., of office abroad, as no provision was made for the payment; still, a warrant is forwarded to you at your request for pounds 839 11s. 4d. to close your account.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

43 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

