
RICHMOND, September 21, 1864.

Major J. B. FERGUSON,

Quartermaster:

(Care Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co., Liverpool.)

SIR: Major Waller has been directed to suspend purchases in the island. As all the funds now provided by the Treasury Department are realized through Mr. McRae, it is preferred that you should expend the same, as every assurance is felt that you will be able tin dealing the manufacturers themselves to purchase better material and at lower. Provision, however, will have to be made for Major Waller's debts, amounting, it is thought, to over pounds 30,000. For this he must look to Mr. McRae, and you will please give him any assistance in you power to close up the past. You ask that cotton may be shipped to you, so that you may realize on the same through the firm of Gilliat & Co. All shipments on account of the bureaus separately have ceased. All cotton now goes out on account of the Treasury Department and the proceeds pass to the credit of Mr. McRae.

At the instance of the Secretary of the Treasury the several bureaus submitted estimates showing their want in sterling for six months. The estimate of this department, after crediting the yield of existing contract, was pounds 395,000. It is understood that a warrant will issue for that amount in favor of Mr. McRae, by which the fund will be made available to you, as money may be realized by the sale of cotton or of bonds or from any others source.

You will continue to press forward your purchases as rapidly as possible. Should you experience no disappointment in the receipt of funds you will purchase liberally of material for officers' uniform, stationary, and leather. Let the last be of the very best quality, and include harness, upper, and sole. You need not contract for blue cloth for pants, as the gray makes up to more advantage. You had also better purchase woolen cloths, or flannels, or felt hats in lieu of socks, as we can manufacture the latter from cheap and serviceable felt hat would be very acceptable to the Army. In other respects you are fully advised as to its winter wants, and will continue to purchase and ship, as heretofore of the best quality of blankets bluchers, and gray cloths, with a fair proportion of trimming.

Should Mr. Sharp require more funds to complete his purchases aid him in getting the same from Mr. McRae. The latter advises that you have received all of the warrant sent you for pounds 85,000.

What about the cotton sent to Major Huse by the Thorburn line?

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

RICHMOND, September 21, 1864.

Major R. P. WALLER,

Saint George, Bermuda:

SIR: I have just written to you fully in regard to suspending further purchases in the island, and the provision made for the payment of your present indebtedness at Nassau. I think it advisable to be more explicit on one point. Do not on the authority received from Mr. McRae purchase further of the stock held by Mr. samuel Austin. I was willing at one time to take the whole lot, valued at some pounds 40,000, payable in cotton, but if they to be paid for by Mr. McRae in

