
sterling, I much prefer to leave the expenditure of all such means to Major Ferguson. major Cameron, at Wilmington, has occasion to inspect at times supplies delivered under the "Davis and Fitzhugh contract. " Most if not all their deliveries have been purchased in the island. Please send to Major Cameron some samples of the goods those markets afford, with advices from time to time as to the prices current; it will aid his judgment. Any special information you may glean touching purchases under that contract will be acceptable.

Did you ever purchase in Nassau all the articles on the list carried out by Mr. Thomas Sharp, which you assumed to purchase, and for which purpose the sum of pounds 500 was retained by you out his draft? If not, inform that he may provide the same.

Recent occurrences make unnecessary any instructions in regard to shipments via and from Havana to Mobile. in shipping Wilmington do all to secure first-class vessels I point of speed and reliable management, as that goes far to insure the cargoes. The heavy shipment made by you in the steamer Owl arrived safely and is now quarantine at Wilmington.

There can be no risk in sending forward your accounts, as you hold quadruplicate vouchers to your own account, about which you inquire, you can charge that up for the time you have been in the islands, with commutation for quarters and fuel at the rates prescribed by the Secretary of War. See transportation to Nassau you can charge up at its actual cost to you in gold.

Please report at an early day to what extent and on what terms leather of the best quality, harness, upper, and sole, can be purchased in the islands. It is through it may be drawn advantageously from Nova Scotia. How will that market compare with the European?

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 73. Richmond, va., September 22, 1864.

I. The generals of reserves will hereafter control the enrolling officers and conduct the business of conscription and enrollment in their respective States, under the direction of the Secretary of War, through the Conscript Bureau.

II. Commandants of conscripts and of camps of instruction will be under the direction of the generals of reserves.

III. As soon as practicable all officers and men now employed in the enrolling service, whether as enrolling officers, conscript guards, clerks, or otherwise, expect such as are retired or assigned to light duty by the medical boards, will be relieved by details from the reserve forces and send to the field.

IV. All applications for exemption and detail will be transmitted, through the generals of reserves, to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription for decision. The office of Congressional district enrolling officer is abolished, and communications from local enrolling officers will be transmitted through the commandants of conscript to the generals of reserves. An officer may be assigned to duty in each Congressional district by the generals of reserves as inspectors of conscription.

V. The reports required to be furnished the Bureau of Conscription by paragraph X, General Orders, No. 57, Adjutant and

