
Inspector General's Office, current series, are often defective and incomplete-failing to give the county in which the man resides, where it is supposed he may be found, or such other information as may lead to his prompt arrest. The attention of regimental and company officers is especially directed to the terms of that order and their compliance therewith required. Only those men who have deserted are absent from their commands without proper authority should be reported, and when all men so absent have been reported, it will be only necessary to report those who subsequently absent themselves, until a return of the action acting taken by the enrolling officer is received, by the officer reporting such desertion or absence.

VI. Paragraph II, General Orders, Mo. 67, current series, is amended by striking out the words "will not be molested without a special order," and inserting the following language, "will be allowed to retain it on showing such right. '

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspectors General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
No. 225. Richmond, September 22, 1864.

* * * *

III. The ten companies composing the organization known as Pickett's regiment Alabama cavalry, Roddey's command, will constitute ten Tenth Regiment Alabama Cavalry, the field officers of which will be appointed by the War Department.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. ARMORY, Richmond, September 22, 1864.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: I beg to present for you information a list of rifle muskets manufactured North, and their places of manufacture:

Springfield U. S. rifle, manufactured at Springfield, Mass.

Philadelphia U. S. rifle, manufactured at Philadelphia, Pa.

Bridesburg U. S. rifle, manufactured at Bridesburg, Pa.

Park, Snow &amp; Co. U. S. rifle, manufactured at Meriden, Conn.

Colt. U. S. rifle, manufactured at Hartford, Conn.

Whitney U. S. rifle, manufactured at Whitneyville, Conn.

Wm. Muir & Co. U. S. rifle, manufactured at Windsor Locks, Conn. Norwich U. S rife, manufactured at Norwich, Conn.

L. G. & Y. U. S. rifle, manufactured at Windsor, Vt

Providence Toll Company U. S. rifle, manufactured at Providence, R. I.

E. Robinson U. S. rifle, manufactured at New York.

U. A. Co. U. S rifle, manufactured at New York.

Regiment U. S. rifle, manufactured at Ilion, N. Y.

Watertown U. S. rifle, manufactured at Watertown, Mass.

