
Wm. Mason U. S. rifle, manufactured at Taunton, Mass.

Eagleville Company U. S. rifle, manufactured at place now known.

Norfolk U. S. rifle, manufactured at Norfolk, Va.

Among the old arms received in this armory for repairs during the current month I have noticed the above arms from a variety of manufacturing establishments, all of them made after the U. S. '55 model and all interchanging with the Richmond rifle musket except in lock-plate and mainspring, which have been altered in the Northern arms.

I suppose there are in the North (including breech-loading) not less than thirty-eight armories, all on a large scale, and their total product probably will not fall short of 5,000 arms per day.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

S. ADAMS,

Master Armorer.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to the President for notice.

This paper exhibits a most market contrast to our own condition in this respect. We are not making an average of 100 arms per day in the Confederate, though we have machinery enough to make 300 (including pistols), and would soon have the workmen if they could remain undisturbed.

I cannot help thinking that the policy of the War Department ought to be modified so far as to appropriate to this duty 500 or 600 men liable to military duty. This, with the exempts, would form a sufficient force. It would be necessary to relieve them from all military duty and attach them permanently to this duty.

J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance.

[Second indorsement.]

Secretary of War for examination and report. *

J. D.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
No. 226. Richmond, September 23, 1864.

* * * *

XXIV. The Third Battalion Local Defense Troops having been increased to ten companies, will this day be known as the Third Regiment Local Defense Troops.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF NEW ORLEANS,

Tangipahoa, La., September 23, 1864.

Hon. G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of instruction of the 12th ultimo, together with the letter of A. G.

---------------

* In this connection see Special Orders, No. 228 (paragraph IV), Adjutant and Inspector Office, Service I, VOL. XII, part II, p. 1293.

---------------

