
Semmes, to which my special attention was directed. Although the Government appears to be indebted for the information contained in the letter of Mr. S. to his failure in procuring one of the lucrative contract to which he refers, and though the forces cited were imperfectly understood and stated, the letter express the general complained and dissatisfaction of those who from loyalty or inability have not participated in this contraband traffic. This population may be divided into three classes: Those who have been directly or indirectly concerned in this trade; those who desire to do so, but are unable and those who abstain from considerations of loyalty and respect for law, the latter being and honored but almost invisible minority. In my correspondence with the Department for nearly two years past I have repeatedly and more explicitly stated all these facts. In the note referring the letter of Mr. Semmes to you, Mr. Seddon remarks:

Probably the best mode of preventing the trade would be to establish along the military frontier collecting, and to instruct the collectors to exert all their powers to prohibit the trade and to call upon the military for assistance.

The first suggestion is impracticable, because it implies the establishment of a line of pickets by this department on the whole frontier. The second is precisely what I have been aiming to do-that is making the military pickets auxiliary to this department, but which it will require an order from the Secretary of War direct to put in practice. I have from the beginning called upon the military to do this without effect.

In regard to the disposal of the cotton belonging to the Government I known of none in this locality, and being ignorant of its wants or policy I do not feel warranted expressing any opinion entitled to weight or consideration. Should, however, further reflection or an interview with General Hodge give me any strong convictions on the subject I will venture to submit them.

In regard to the exchange of sugar produced near the Mississippi for the commissary east of Pearl River, it seems to me it will be a difficult matter and can only be done seizure and impressment, as the sugar, if left to the laws of trade, would find its natural market in New Orleans, unless the Government could prevent the greater attraction of offering its cotton in exchange. I think, too, the amount within our reach must be very small, as a sort of retributive fatality seems to have followed the cultivation of plantations by peonage, or hired freedmen, within or near the lines of the enemy. Last year those who hired plantations to cultivate sugar met with heavy losses, and this year, with the tempting prospects of high prices, they rushed madly into cotton, which the army worm, particularly on the alluvial lands, has literally swept from the face of the earth, in some instances hundreds of acres scarce making a bale.

In relation to trade with the enemy, I have not only endeavored to enforce the law of February 6, 1864, but the law of May 19, 1862, by incessant remonstrance and notification to the military authorities, and I can truly say that my organization, however much it has failed to cover the whole ground, has been the principal barrier to this trade, in proof of which I beg leave to refer to my letters of the 13th and 27th on November, 1863, and accompanying report.

Though at that time I could, by the mere moral force of my office, stop a whole train of wagons, to such an extent has the demoralization increased that the same attempt now would probably endanger my life. No law r regulation can be enforced except by the exhibition of military power.

