
On hearing that General Hodge had assumed the command of the district I addressed a letter to him, copy of which is inclosed, marked A, at the same time inclosure to him copy of your letter to me of August 2, 1864, and yet under date of the 13th instant a permit was issued, as per copy inclosed, marked B, in which no objection to procure a clearance from this office or to pay the export duty is expressed, nor has any import duty been paid on any goods furnished by these contractors. It is also to be noted in relation to this permit that if wagons carrying cotton under it do not meet a picket, or the picket fails to indorse, it, an unlimited amount may-be carried out under a permit to export a few bales, and I am credibly informed that cotton is now being hauled in every direction to the lines of the enemy.

I do not refer to these fact to complain of General Hodge, but to exculpate myself from any want of vigilance or remissness in the discharge of my duty. I am bound to presume that General Hodge is acting according to his instructions, or that he is doing all he can to enforce the law on this subject, and that if he is unable to do so it is because the accumulated tendency to traffic on a n extended border, restrained, as it were, only by a long and leaky levee, has at length culminated in a crevasse which it is impossible to check or control until the cotton has all flowed out, which is perhaps the best thing that could happen it mast.

It is extremely difficult in the exercise of a benevolent discretion" to bend the right lines of the law to individual cases. The frontier or border classes are here considered rather the favored ones, for though alternately protected and raided on by both parties, they are said to be repaid an hundredfold as the intermediaries in the exaggerated profits of this border traffic; and as it is not the really worthy and needy who are the first to partake of these beneficent provisions of the Government, if I may be permitted a homely illustration, it is like attempting to freed a weakly pig at the common trough, who is likely to perish before his lusty fellows become sufficiently gorged to give him room. If I was invested to-day with the authority to give permits to ship a few bales of cotton to all who should prove themselves in want, there is hardly a man, woman, or child in this district who would not prove, by moral and legal evidence, that they required it-the poor to satisfy absolute wants, the affluent to supply the vacuum created by impressments and voluntary or compulsory hospitality.

I duly appreciate your kind offer to approve my nomination of a deputy collector should the business of my department require it, but I think all that it is possible or practicable to do may be done by inspectors of the revenue, whom I have appointed and suspended from time to time as occasion required.

I have endeavored to administer my office without unnecessary parade or expense. All the additional service I may need would be mostly itinerary, when the party would be subjected to great privations and hard fare, to which I could not with propriety invite the gentlemen you have suggested.

It is, moreover, very difficult for a stranger out of the Army to subsist here, and I have only been able to do so by a small farming interest I had near here before the war and the services of a few servants.

Since writing the foregoing a party who had a load of cotton seized by my orders placed in my hands Special Orders, No. 11, of September

