
arrested and were discharged on habeas corpus, because, although there was moral certainly of their guilt, it could not be proved by competent testimony. Twice the Government has received secret and confidential information of plots to release the prisoners confined in Richmond. This information was sufficiently definite to enable preventive measures to be adopted with success; but as it pointed out the guilty conspirators by strong suspicion only, and not by competent testimony, they could not be arrested, and are still at large, ready to plot again. A citizen possessing the means and opportunity of doing much injury to the service was arrested for disloyalty. he was twice tried before different commissions. Upon each examination he avowed his hostility to our cause and his desire to join the enemy. Both commissions decided that it would be dangerous to suffer him to go at large. Yet, upon the demand of the civil authorities, he had to be released for want of competent legal testimony.

The Capital of the Government is the object of on to the enemy. I have satisfactory reasons for believing that spies are continually then in Richmond were sent as spies by the enemy. Yet, however accurate and reliable such information might be, it was not competent testimony; and it was idle to arrest them only to be discharged by the civil authorities. Important information of secret movements among the negroes fomented by base white men has been received from faithful servants, but no arrests of instigators could be made because there was no competent testimony. Apprehensions have more than once been entertained of a servile insurrection in Richmond. The Northern papers inform us that Butler is perfecting some deep-laid scheme to punish us for our refusal to hold intercourse with him. If, as is not improbable, his designs should point to servile insurrection in Richmond, incendiarism, and the destruction of public works so necessary to our defense, and so impossible to be replaced, how can we hope to fathom it and arrest the guilty emissaries and contrivers but by incompetent negro testimony? IN some of the States civil process has been brought to bear with disastrous efficiency upon the Army. Every judge has the power to issue the writ of habeas corpus, and if one manifests more facility in discharging petitioners than his associates the application is made to him, however remote he may be. In one distance a general on the eve of an important movement, when every man was needed, was embarrassed by the command of a judge even then over 200 miles distant to bring, if in his custody, or send if in custody of another, before him on habeas corpus, some deserters who had been arrested and returned to his command. In another, the commandant who had been arrested and returned to his command. In another, the commandant of a camp of conscripts who had a conscript in camp, was commanded to bring him before a judge more than 100 miles distant, although there wa a judge competent to hear and determine the cause resident in the place where the writ was executed. He consulted eminent counsel, and was advised to discharge him at once, and return the facts informally; that such a return was not technically sufficient, but would be accepted as accomplishing the purpose of the writ. He acted on the advice of his counsel, and was immediately summoned by the judge to show cause why he should not be attached for a contempt in making an insufficient return, and was compelled to leave his command at a time when his services were pressingly

