
11, 1864, of General Hodge, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, marked C, under which the authority for moving is claimed.

This order may be in accordance with a policy of the War Department which it is not my province to question, but I respectfully submit that if "of restrictions are to be placed on the transit or removal of property of any kind within the military lines of this command, and no citizens is to be molested in any disposition s to locality he desire to make of his property," this department ought not to be held responsible for any infractions of the law prohibiting the transportation of cotton toward the lines of the enemy, though I shall continue to exert all the efforts in my power to enforce the laws and regulations an enjoined upon me.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 1, 1864.

HON. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Respectfully referred to Honorable Secretary of War, and his co-operation earnestly requested in the efforts to arrest this unlawful traffic. The orders of General hodge, if not attended with some safeguards, will reopen the door wide for all the irregularities hitherto so loudly complained of. I would respectfully recommend that orders, such as that marked B, should embody a condition that the cotton should be allowed to pass only when it is indorsed upon the order by of officer of the customs that the export duty has been paid; and that no payment should be made to contractors for good except upon the exhibition of a certificate form the collector that the import duties have been paid. I respectfully request that instructions to this effect may be sent to General Hodge.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 16, 1864.

Let a letter be written to General Hodge suggesting that the duties on cotton exported under the contracts of the Department or commanders, and the goods imported, should all be required to pay duties and that his action should secure such course.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I do not think that the officer in command in Mississippi or on the Gulf of Mexico can be trusted to regulate the cotton trade. I would not allow them to grant permission even for the purpose of collecting supplies. Experience has shown that they cannot or will not manage the matter judiciously, and there are pernicious and extensive consequence from bad management-

[Incomplete.]

