
[Inclosure.]

A.

COLLECTOR'S OFFICE DISTRICT OF NEW ORLEANS,

Tangipahoa, La., September 4, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. GEORGE B. HODGE,

Comdg. Dist. of Southwest Miss. and East La., Clinton, La.:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to inclose herewith copy of a letter just received from the Secretary of the Treasury clearly defining the law relative to the exemption of articles from import duty. This has always been my opinion and the policy I had endeavored to carry out, but hitherto have been unable to do so for the want of that cordial and active co-operation on the part of the military authorities alike expected by the Government and commanded by the public interests. The reason for that indisposition to aid this department it is, perhaps, not my province to determine, but I sincerely trust that under your administration of the district this will be remedied, though I am quite sensible of its demoralized condition and the herculean and almost impossible task before you.

In a condition of war I am dependent almost solely upon the military for protection and aid in the discharge of my official duties and to enable me to execute the laws and to carry out the instructions of the Treasury Department. I have respectfully to request that you will instruct all officers in your district appointed to received dutiable articles furnished by army contractors to take possession of such goods and the invoices accompanying and to forward the invoices seal to this office or to an officer of this department, but not to release or accept delivery of the goods until a certificate is furnished from this department from this department certifying that the duties have been paid. This course I regard as alike important to the interests of your department and mine, in view of the fact that large quantities of inferior are being introduced, likely to be palmed off on the Government or sold on speculation, without paying the duties established by law.

In this connection permit me to suggest that for convenience and protection this department should be under the supervision of one inspector, lest goods rejected at one point should be received at another, a thing which I have reason to believe has already been done. Major Ravesies, assigned to local work at Osyka, would be a most suitable officer to take the general charge of this business. He is capable and reliable.

I have also to request that you will instruct all officers and soldiers of your command to seize an report to this department all merchandise brought into this district on which the duties hd.

If military permits are granted to export cotton, I beg that you will continue the practicable heretofore adopted of first requiring a certificate from this office that the export duties have been paid.

Tendering you that cordial co-operation which should characterize the relations between officers of co-ordinate branches of the public service,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

