
B.

HDQRS. SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,
Liberty, Secretary 13, 1864.

Thompson, Thayer, and Adams, having contracted with the officers of the Confederate States Government to deliver certain supplies, and having delivered supplies to the amount of $6,239. 29, as evinced by the receipt of the agent of Captain A. C. Herndon, chief quartermaster of this district, and said goods having been approved and passed by the board of officer appointed to inspect and appraise the same, the said Thompson, Thayer, and Adams are permitted to pass through the line forty-six bales of cotton of their own property, with the understanding that upon the return of Captain Herndon from department headquarters of bales upon the produce loan agent of the Confederate States Government. The pickets will pass that amount of cotton, but each officer commanding a picket through which said cotton passes will indorse of this permit the number of bales, and they will be careful to see that only forty-six bales pass, and the officers passing the last lot will return this permit to these headquarters.

By order Brigadier-General Hodge:

N. T. N. ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

C.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HOMOCHITTO,
No. 11. Liberty, Miss., September 11, 1864.

* * * *

5. The military officers of this district are reminded that no restrictions are to be imposed upon the transit or removal of property within the military lines of this command. No citizens will be molested in any disposition as to locality he desires to make of his property, except in attempts to pass it through the lines in the direction of the enemy. Where cotton or tobacco is found under circumstances which create a reasonable suspicion that it is to be illegally passed over to the enemy it will, in accordance to the laws of Congress and the orders of the War Department, be seized and turned over to the nearest Confederate States district marshal.

* * * *

By order:

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 23, 1864.

Surg. RICHARD POTTS,

Medical Purveyor, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: You are directed to purchase for the use of the Medical Department all the apple brandy that can be obtained in your district at a price not to exceed $35 per gallon, and as much less as possible. You will instruct your purchasing agent to make it appear that they are buying on private account. It is believed if it were known that the Government was the purchaser the price would be materially enhanced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

