
RICHMOND, VA., September 23, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. G. B. HODGE,

Liberty, via Summit, Miss.:

I have no power to authorize such trade with the enemy.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, September 23, 1864.

Mr. THOMAS SHARP,

Bonded Agent, Quartermaster's Department:

(Care J. B. Ferguson, Manchester, England.)

SIR: Your report in regard to the progress made in purchasing machinery for the manufacture of army shoes has been received. I am gratified to see that you have succeeded in purchasing so fairly with the means at your command, and your investment in the machinery for making sewed shoes, favored as they are in the French service, is approved. I hope all will come safely in. Be careful to assort the machinery and divide it in shipment, and in forwarding the same be sure to secure from Bermuda some in the fastest vessels Let it be marked so that its character can be readily ascertained, and forward invoices in advance, so that the freight can be distributed from Wilmington. Be sure that the articles, for the purchase of which Major Walker retained pounds 500 of your money, and had, and should you need an addition to your present means to secure them or other desirable pieces of machinery do not hesitate to call upon Major Ferguson or Mr. McRae for it. You should be all means send in a liberal supply of shoemakers's tools for field use and shoemakers' findings. In this connection I will add that Major Ferguson has been written to purchase leather. The receipt of this machinery will increase the consumption of that material, and it becomes important to secure some from abroad, especially as it can be had thoroughly tanned. Your experience may aid Major Ferguson in the purchase, and it would be well for you to bring a large lot of carefully selected leather in with you.

The machinery for the manufacture of blankets should be secured by all means. To cover risk of passage and to increase the production for which you have estimated, four be purchased.

At a cost of pounds 2,300 each it will prove an excellent investment, and they will serve to make the Confederacy independent of the foreign market and of the contingencies of the blockade. The value of this machinery will be enhanced if a knowledge of the process of extracting wool from rags, which you state has proved a success, can be had on reasonable terms. Submit this matter to Major Ferguson, and between you the authority is conferred to purchase this knowledge at a fair price, or to secure, if need be, the services of the party to whom you refer as cognizant of the process, provided, of course, the letter involves no extravagance. Any process by which from one ton of rags half a ton of wool can be extracted at a cost of 1 pence a pound will prove of great value to the Confederacy.

As wool is scarce in the Confederacy, it will be better to purchase but one machine for the manufacture of blankets, unless the process referred to can be had and be relied upon to increase the quantity.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

