
else, men must be sent to the armies of General Lee and Hood. To find how and where to get these men is the great object of inquiry. Large numbers, no doubt, are in the various department of the Confederate Government who could be sent to the field and their places fill by non-combatants. It will be for the Confederate Government to look after these. There are also numbers engaged in the various State department who night be spared. And there is yet a large class of State office in all the State withheld from service, not only on account of the necessity for then ion administering the governments, but also because the principle of States sovereignty rendered it improper to allow the Confederate Government to conscript them. This latter class I suppose to be quite numerous in all the State, and could there be a way prescribed to put at least a portion of them into service without injuring the efficiency of the State governments, and without infringing upon the rights of the State and their dignity as sovereigns, they would constitute quite a material re-enforcement to our hard-pressed armies. It seems indeed desirable beyond doubt. However, it is especially desirable that action on this and all kinder matters should be uniform, or as nearly os as possible. It would avoid much discontent for every man to know that he was required to do only that which every one else has to do, and that the burdens of the war are fairly distributed. In order to attain this uniformity, as well as to consult on any other matter of possible concern which might present itself, I beg leave respectfully to suggest a meeting of all the Southern Executives on this side of the Mississippi at some such point as Augusta, Ga., during the coming month of October, when and where some general plan of action might be agreed upon the relief of the country, and recommended to our several Legislatures. Should such a suggestion meet with favor at your hands, I would be greatly pleased to hear from you in regard to the time and place of meeting. Any time, so far as I can now see, will suit me, and any place within three days' travel by rail.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

(Letters of the same tenor with the preceding one were to-day sent to the Governors of Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Virginia.)

[SEPTEMBER 24, 25, AND 28, 1864. -For correspondence between Whiting and Vance, in relation to the organization of North Carolina troops for the defense of Wilmington, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XII, Part II, pp 1282, 1289, 1300.]

SEPTEMBER 25, 1864. -For General Orders, No. 75, Trans-Mississippi Department, pacing the Reserve Corps under control of the superintendent of the Conscription Bureau, see Series I, VOL. XLI, Part III, p. 955.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INST. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 75. Richmond, Va., September 26, 1864.

I. The troops raised under the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864, styled "Reserves," constitute a peculiar force, auxiliary to,

