
but in a measure distinct from, the more permanent army, and are exclusively under the orders of the general officers assigned to their command in the several States, subject to the following modifications:

When a commander of active forces requires the reserves as re-enforcements, application will be made to the Secretary of War, or directly to the general commanding the reserves; and when reserves are assigned in pursuance of such application to a district, department, or army commander they become, during the period of such assignment, subject to his control to the extent that he alone will direct their military movements, determine all applications for furlough, and be responsible for their being furnished with the necessary supplies, equipments, &amp;c. ; but questions appertaining to their permanent, the grant of discharges, details, &c., will at all times be determined by the general commanding reserves.

What reserves are assigned to the active forces by the War Department its order will be necessary of their recall; but when transferred by the general commanding reserve by may recall them at his discretion, the orders thereof being transmitted through the commander of the district, department, or army in which such reserves may be serving; but if their detention be deemed by him indispensable he shall immediately the question to this office for their detention be deemed by him indispensable he shall immediately submit the question to this office for the decision of the War Department, in the meantime retaining the reserves affected by such orders.

During the assignment of reserves with the active forces the commanding officers will have punctually transmitted to the general commanding reserves a monthly return of such reserve troops, similar to that required by paragraph 445, Army Regulations, to be made to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Whenever reserves are serving with active forces no description in the issue of rations and supplies of camp equiPAGEbetween the two classes of troops will be permitted.

II. The following prices, being the average of late schedules established by commissioners for the State east of the Mississippi River, with cost of transportation included, will be charged for subsistence stores to officers under the act of February 17, 1864, and amendments, in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana until further orders:

bacon, &2. 50 per pound; fresh beef, 70 cents per pound; flour, 440 per barrel; corn-meal, $4. 50 per bushel of 50 pounds; rice, 30 cents per pound; peas, $6. 50 per bushel of 60 pounds; l sugar, $3 per pound, coffee, $6 pr pound; candles, $3. 25 per pound; soap, $1 per pound, vinegar, $2. 50 per gallon; molasses, $10 per gallon; salt, 30 per pound.

III. Non-commissioned officers and privates are allowed rations for their own use, but this privilege does not authorize the sale or other disposition of them. If it is impracticable to use the rations, commutation may be drawn in lieu thereof.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

