
SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 26, 1864.

Surg. W. A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It has been ascertained that the ashes from wheat straw is an excellent substitute for oak-wood ashes for the manufacture of soap. You are instructed so to inform the surgeons in charge of hospitals under your jurisdiction, and to direct them that whenever wheat straw becomes no longer fir for use in the hospitals to have it collected and burned and the ashes use for the manufacture of soap. It is not always practicable to procure oak wood for this purpose, and the present method of obtaining lye is suggested not only as a matter of convenience, but also as a great saving to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Some time in November, 1863, I promised to let Mr. J. P., H. Campbell have twenty barrels corn for his own use, but in February, when I came to deliver it, I found that I could not spare more than half the quantity, having sold to Government and to families of soldiers in the Army at Government price as much as I could spare, and then proposed to let him have oats or wheat of this year's crop to make up deficiency, but having executed my bond in May to the Government as an exempted farmer a doubt arose as to my right to dispose of the grain in the manner agreed upon, and I am not only willing but prefer to deliver the grain, if not inconsistent with my obligations to the Government, and will [do] so when relieved.

GEORGE TYLER.

[First indorsement.]

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

Presented by Mr. Campbell, whose address is Panola Station, Caroline Country, Va. Mr Campbell is the gentleman to whom Mr. Tyler was under contract and represents his want of the forage as extreme. It was sold to him at Government prices.

R. G. H. KEAN.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to chief commissary of subsistence for Virginia for reply.

By order of Commissary-General in Subsistence:

T. U. DUDLEY, Jr.,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COM. OF SUBSISTENCE FOR VIRGINIA,

Richmond, October 4, 1864.

Respectfully returned through Commissary-General of Subsistence, disapproved as contrary to the law of Congress and the bond of the party, which requires the party "to sell the marketable surplus of

