
grain and other provisions now (then) on hand and which he may raise from year to year, &amp;c.," to the Government and soldiers' families at schedule prices.

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Virginia.

[Fourth indorsement.]

BUREAU OS SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, October 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War, calling attention to indorsement of Major Noland, which is approved.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 27, 1864.

Lieut. Gen. R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: A number of inspection reports have brought to my notice the existence of very great irregularity and abuse in the administration of your department, and that a reform is imperatively required. These reports refer to facts and circumstances which arose long previous to your assumption of the command of the department, and the consequences from which it will scarcely be in your power wholly to remove. The most important of the matters referred to is the illegal traffic and intercourse with the enemy, and the disloyalty and disaffection that have ensued from it.

Congress as early as 1861 prohibited the export of cotton except through Confederate ports, and afterward tobacco, river, sugar, naval and military stores were made subject to the same regulations.

In February last all trade in these articles beyond the Confederacy was prohibited except under special regulations to be made by the President, and any trade carried on or attempted contrary to, or not in conformity with, the regulations subjected the property to seizure and forfeiture, together with the vessels or vehicles employed in the transport of the articles and the slaves and animals that might be used as instruments for the purpose. The regulations of the President require, as a condition for the exportation of these articles, that a license shall be obtained from the collector of the district from which the export is to made, upon an application to him according to the regulations and upon compliance with conditions imposed in them.

The duties of the military commanders in respect to these laws are exhibited in Orders No. 43, of the current series, in which the provision of the act sufficiently set forth. The inspection reports show that it has been the habit of the officers of the department to grant licenses to trade with the ports and posts of the enemy, and that the community at large have been seduced by the exampl same thing, in total violation or disregard of the acts of Congress. They show that there are a number of impostors-men professing to be agents of the Government or licensed by some of its officers to conduct this trade-and that as a consequence of this licentiousness the patriotism and public spirit of the community have seriously

