
diminished. In fact, only one or two contracts for special supplies have been made with the sanction of the Department, and such have it is believed, expired by their limitation.

The Department expects of you to disabuse the minds of all the officers and soldiers on the army in reference to the legality of this trade. It should be prohibited at once; the guilty parties, if officers, should be brought to trial.

Orders No. 43 will show you the duties of the commanding general in respect to all unlicensed transactions.

The Treasury Department has appointed Mr. Clapp as its general agent, and he can inform you whether any, and if any, what, transactions are carried on with the license of the Government.

A second source of abuse is the manner in which private property has been taken, upon the pretense that it is for the public use. The power to take private property for public use is conferred by Congress in the acts concerning impressments. It is a power to be exercised.

The only general commanding a department can direct an impressment of property for public, use, and this Department has conferred the same power upon the chiefs of the bureaus of supply by the authority of the law. In either case the power should be executed under specific orders, and by officers accountable for the property taken.

In the State of Mississippi officers of every grad and of every arm have gone through the State without special orders, without money, gathering up property where they could find it, refusing payment, neglecting to ascertain or adjust the price, leaving insufficient evidence of their acts, and in most of the case rendering to none of the departments of supply, nor to the department commanders, any account of these acts or authority for their acts.

The most scandalous outrages have been practiced upon the citizens of that State by the lawless conduct of subaltern officers. A special source of grievance is the formation of cavalry bands by the impressment of horses for the purpose. The general orders of the Department prohibit this. The Department anticipates from action a correction of these abuses.

The same reports exhibit as a source of disorder the existe of a large number of organized, undisciplined bands, composed of men who are evading military service by their connection with these. The Department has long ago abandoned the habit of granting licenses to individuals to raise military commands. All the have at any time been granted and that have not been fulfilled are now inoperative.

There is noting to interfere with the operation of the conscription laws. It empowers you to reduce into order and organization the various detached companies that may have been legally raised and are completed for service, and such as are not in that state should be disbanded, and those who are liable to conscription should be conscribed.

Intimately connected with the matters of illegal and unauthorized organizations is that of the deserting from the Army. It is said that there is a constant flux of the military population of this side of the Mississippi to the west of the river, and that a very large number of absentees from the Army have found shelter in Mississippi.

The present condition of the service is such as to awaken the most serious concern. At a time when the wants of the country require every man to be at his post, a fatal laxity in the discipline of our

44 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

