
armies has become manifest. The highest military crime, desertion, is committed almost with impunity. There does not appear on the part of a deserter to be any difficulty in obtaining shelter in any section of the country, or even in a different portion of the Army from that in which he is serving. Your attention is called particularly to this subject from and absentees from the Army without leave abound in that State.

The same reports show that in a number of the cavalry regiments in service in Mississippi the discipline is lax, and the number of absentees is unusually large. The reports show the general condition of that arm of the service to be unsatisfactory.

Circumstances in the history of the war in Mississippi furnish an explanation for the matter of these reports; but such a condition of disorganization and derangement cannot long exist without producing the most mischievous consequences cannot long exist without producing the most mischievous consequences. Some of the abuses can be removed and some of the consequences repaired.

A firm, steady, and considerate administration would in a short time inspire confidence and inaugurate authority. The Department cannot too strongly invoke your co-operation and aid in producing these results.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON.

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 28, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Governor Vance in this truly "extraordinary" letter* specifies three grounds of compliant against this department:

First. Interference with his factories by the revocation of details. Second. Impediments thrown in the way of the State in connection with running the blockade.

Third. Interference generally with the operations of the quartermaster's department of the State.

In regard to the first, it is enough for me to say that the power to grant and make detail rests with another and an independent bureau. What its action has been I am not even advised, and the compliant from Governor Vance first informed me of any charge in its practice. That action has resulted, no doubt, from the earnest desire felt by the authorities of the Confederate States to place, for the present emergency at least, as many men as possible in the ranks, and was not prompted by me.

Respecting the second, I may say as much. The control of that subject is also in other hands, and to what Governor Vance alludes I am, as you are well aware, even now wholly ignorant. This Bureau has no authority in the premises, and it has never made to either the War Department or to Lieutenant-Colonel Bayne, in charge of the Bureau of Foreign Supply, a single suggestion affecting, however remotely, the interest of the State of North Carolina.

Touching the third complaint, I must go more into detail. The

---------------

* See September 19, p. 671.

---------------

