
reflections cast by Governor Vance upon this department call for it, as does a sense of duty to the service at large.

Governor Vance states that North Carolina made a contract to furnish her own troops in the field, and that no enable her to do so it was agreed that the resources of the State should be left to her management. He then adds that this understanding was immediately disregarded by the action or competing Confederate agencies, but that it is still his boast and pride that the State authorities have nobly fulfilled their contract. I respectfully but confidently submit that an impartial statement of the whole will show that there is no occasion for the indulgence on his part of either pride of boasting. I know of no agreement by which resources of the State of North Carolina were dedicated to the exclusive benefit of the troops therefrom. This department at an early period of the war agreed that in consideration money due the soldiers should be drawn by the State. When payment of commutation was abolished, in October, 1862, it was further agreed that the State should be paid certain prices for all the clothing she furnished. In each case it was contemplated that State action come in as auxiliary to the efforts of this Bureau, and not to supplant them. It resulted, however, otherwise. State agencies gradually encroached until at last, while all the State of this Bureau, and not to supplant them. It resulted, however, otherwise. State agencies gradually encroached until at last, while all the other States of the Confederacy were contributing generously to the common cause, North Carolina troops. The injustice of this was felt sorely, and a full appreciation of the delicate relation of the delicate relations of the State and Confederate Government, coupled with an earnest desire to avoid all perplexing questions between them, alone restrained this Bureau from protesting against the existing arrangement. That injustice is manifest in connection, too, with the factories, from the following statistics:

In the State of South Carolina there are 9 factories, in Georgia 36 (5 now destroyed by the ene peril), in Alabama 9, in Florida 1, in Mississippi 1, and in Virginia 26; aggregate 80. The production of these on Government account is inadequate and the deficiency is now increased by the want of raw material in Virginia. In North Carolina alone there are some 40 factories, woolen and cotton, from not one of which has this Bureau realized for years past a single yard of material for the service at large. All has been reserved and expended in the manufacture of clothing for North Carolina and in relieving the necessities of the home population by sales at low prices of material secured at low prices in consideration of invaluable details granted by the Confederate States. This condition of things, too, was aggravated by the action of the authorities of North Carolina in drawing material from other States. Wool was drawn from Virginia and leather from State to the south of it, and both leather and wool in considerable quantities from the trans-Mississippi country. Felling the hardship of this the department south relief by proposing early in 1862 that the whole arrangement should be abrogated. This was not accepted. In the proposed that all clothing manufactured by the State should be turned over for general issue, engaging to supply in the first instance North Carolina troops to any extent their necessities might require. This was also refused. The result has been that, while at times Confederate soldiers from other States have suffered for supplies. North Carolina soldiers have been amply supplied and the State has held large quantities of clothing in reserve. Governor Vance has made both the

