
matter of boats in recent speeches. This clothing accumulated not only at Raleigh in bulk, but in smaller quantities in the distributing depots of the State. Less than one month ago General Gardner, as commandant of this post, brought to the attention of this Bureau the fact that a large lot of clothing-several thousand suits-were stored in this city. On inquiry it proved to be as was supposed-North Carolina clothing that had been there over a year.

Governor Vance says that he has never refused to loan supplies. He was never approached on that subject but once. In December last, when this department was straitened for supplies by reason of its losses at sea and the unexpected demands upon it to meet the wants of General Longstreet's army in East Tennessee, and at a time, too, when its woolen material had run so low that the clothing factory at this point had to suspend work, Governor Vance was appealed to for aid, but he extended none. At the time the North Carolina troops were all clad and surplus was reported on hand sufficient for the entire year of 1864.

Some 10,000 suits of clothing turned over by Governor Vance to such Confederate officers as he elected to serve, and 10,000 more turned over within a few months past to this department for general issue, make the total advances extended by the State within the past three years. I am safe in saying these will not cover the issue that had to be made to North Carolina troops within the same period from Confederate States supplies to meet the exigencies of field service.

It is suggested that a sense of duty to the soldiers of North Carolina will not permit Governor Vance to surrender everything to this department. It would be difficult for him to show that as much was ever asked by me, through encouraged to it by the example of all other State authorities within the limits of the Confederacy. With him the department has asked but little and obtained less. It would have been and is now content that he should received one-third of the production of the factories for North Carolina soldiers exclusively, asking only that it may receive a like proportion for the benefit of soldiers from all sections of the country and the result of credit and management on, the part of the State have always been conceded as the subject of special appropriation; but can there be aught else than injustice in a system that devotes the entire product of a single State-that, too, one rich in resources-to the sole benefit of the troops therefrom? What under it is to become of troops that have no home resources to rely on-of the troops from Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, Louisiana, and the distant regions of Texas, Arkansas, and Mississippi?

Our cause is a common one, our soldiers struggle for it in common, and I submit what the country affords should be freely shared in common.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, September 28, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter proposing a meeting at Augusta, Ga., of the Governors of the Southern States during the

