
coming month of October, with a view of securing some uniformity of action for filling the ranks of our Army, and your proposition meets my entire approval. August is a very suitable place, and possibly the most central for us all. The day should be as early as practicable Governors west of the Mississippi. This, I fear, will not be practicable under two months, which would be too late for the approaching sessions of our Legislatures, that of this State meeting on the fourth Monday on November next. In assenting to your proposition it is proper that I should state that in South Carolina no person are reserved to the State, but all have gone into Confederate service from the classes of militia officers, magistrates, duty clerks, and deputy sheriffs, except in one or two cases where the Confederate Government has detailed them or exempted them, and several classes, all of which classes I have understood in several of the State have been reserved by the States or by the Executives thereof. Whilst I think each State should have a permanent force of its own, as matters now stand it is better that every one who be spared should go into the Confederate service; but the most important thing now to be done, in my judgment, to fill our ranks and secure the greatest harmony and satisfaction among our people is placing in service the army of efficient official and detailed men scattered through the Confederacy, disabled officers and soldiers, citizens exempted by Confederate law from service in the field, and persons over fifty years of age.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

AUGUSTA, September 29, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The idea may or may not have been presented to you of employing negroes in the Army as soldiers in this way: Promise them (those employed) freedom when the war is over. Compensate the owners, of course, by interest-bearing bonds. All the able-bodied men night be used certainly as effectively as the Yankees use the against us. Let the negroes fight negroes and he will much more courage than when opposed to white men. Confront them with Yankee negroes and place bayonets behind them.

The institution of slavery would still be maintained by the retention of boys, women, and exempted or detailed men (negroes), the lives of our fellow-citizens to some extent preserved, and provisions sufficient still produced by this efficient portion of our society. My name would add nothing. I hope your practical mind will adopt the suggestion, though anonymous. Out bleeding country requires a quick and stringent remedy. Don't stop for forms.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A NATIVE GEORGIAN,

After the war the negroes (enfranchised) might be colonized-say in Mexico, if practicable, or Central America.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 6, 1864.

Noted. If all the white men capable of bearing arms are put in the field it would be as large a draft as a community could continuously

