
sustain, and whites are better soldiers than negroes. For war, when existence is staked, the best material should be used.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
No. 232. Richmond, September 30, 1864.

* * * *

VI. Captain E. T. D. Myers, Engineer Corps, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby assigned with Colonel C. F. M. Garnett and Lieut. Colonel Minor Meriwether in the commission for the collection and distribution of railroad iron. and in addition to his duties as such will be charged from time to time, under the direction of the Engineer Bureau, with the duplication of railroad brigades and the repair and reconstruction of railroad injured or destroyed by the enemy and judged necessary for the transportation of troops and supplies.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 30, 1864.

General M. J. WRIGHT,

Macon, Ga.:

The enlistment of Irish and other foreign prisoners, as proposed, is sanctioned. *

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, September 30, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

About 260 prisoners, foreigners, at Florence have volunteered for pour service. In consultation with General Beauregard I recommend and ask that Major Henry Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain J. H. Brooks, of Nelson's battalion, Hagood's brigade, be ordered to Florence without delay to organize them into a battalion. Many others may be obtained. I will await your instructions before taking any other steps in matter.

SAM. JONES.

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Orders these two officers to report to General Jones for the purpose indicated. In sending the order transferring Captain Brooks, explain to his superior officers the purpose for which his service are required.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* This in reply to Wright, of September 29, 1864, reporting that a number of Catholic Irish prisoners, 1,000 or more, desired to enlist in the Confederate service, and asking "Shall it be done?" The paper is not found, but the foregoing purport is taken from the War Department telegram-received book.

---------------

