
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, [October 1, 1864.]

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your information four tabulated statements, covering the operations of the Government niter and mining service during the current year: Exhibit A, niter production and importation; Exhibit B, nitriaries; Exhibit C, iron and general mining service; Exhibit D, officers and their assignment.

Since the date of the last annual report the events of the war have borne with especial severity upon the mining service. Ten large iron furnaces is Virginia, all but three in Tennessee, all in Georgia, and four in Alabama, have been burned or lost, and with many forges, foundries, and rolling-mills. The Ducktown Copper Mines are still in hostile occupation. Important niter works in Virginia, Georgia, and Upper Alabama have been repeatedly destroyed and workmen killed and captured.

The bureau effort has consequently been one of incessant reconstruction as well as production. With your authority, all accessible works so destroyed have been rebuilt at Government cost, and of the larger furnaces several are either in or about resuming blast. Also, under your orders the reconstruction of smelting furnaces for cooper and lead has been commenced in more interior localities, the Petersburg works having finally come under fire. In connection with these works of reconstruction examinations of interior ore bends have been persistently continued as points of last resort, with a view, also, of obtaining valuable mineral information. Notwithstanding all difficulties, military and financial, the more important requisition of the Army for niter, the metals and mineral products charged to this Bureau, have been promptly, met for the Navy all requisition of niter and nearly all in the metals and coal. For iron, the Secretary of the Navy has on several occasions, after the loss of important iron works, waived his own requisition, on the appeal of the Bureau; and in the same connection it is my duty to acknowledge the co-operation of naval officers in many important points connected points connected with the mining service.

The home production of niter has progressed more favorably than was expected-increased results from the better training of workmen offsetting losses from acts of the enemy. It will be sent from the niter exhibit sheet that this production until recently exceeded the importation. In the nitriaries the accumulation of nitrous material has gone so far that superintendents have been directed to give special attention to enriching and preparing the earths for results. Laboratory analyses and practical tests already indicate general results proportionally (time considered) in advances of the French nitriaries as recorded by Dumas and Barruel, but to omit no possible source of information, arrangements have been for an inspection and direct comparison with the approved European works. In this connection attention is asked to the fact that the artificial production of niter in Europe ends in preparing, during years of manipulation, earths which contain a smaller percentage of the nitrates than the earths of our own caves and mineral deposits.

These deposits are to the present war what the nitrous accumulations of ages in old cities were to France in 1793. In both countries nitriaries are expedients of last resort. Yo collect the requisite animal

