
matter they must be located at or very near large, and where the nitrates mature, potash and fuel must be brought to them in large quantities. In mountain work, with manual labor about the same, and with the cost of production much less-less even than importation-the distant transportation of fuel and potash is avoided. It has consequently been the aim of the Bureau to work to the last our natural deposits, at times within the enemy's lines, and to examine carefully for new deposits in every possible locality. In North Carolina this experimental work has been attended with a success altogether unlooked for by scientific men, as will appear in the niter exhibit A.

With this allusion to the wants of a branch of the mining service very much misunderstood, the attention of the Department is respectfully and very earnestly asked to the question of labor for the mining operations. Upon this depends the campaign supplies of the metals and of niter for 1865. Furnaces, machinery, smelting works, tools, and working sites have all been prepared. Workmen have been procured and trained, but many of them have been withdraw- for temporary service it is to be trusted. Upon their early return, as soon as circumstances permit, hang grave consequences.

The entire force heretofore employed in the Government niter and mining service east of the Mississippi River has been as follows:

 From 18	 Over 45	 Negro.

 to 45. 	 or

 	 disabled.

Iron and mining. . . . . . . .	 2,313	 205	 4,301

. . . .

Nitriaries. . . . . . . . . .	 38	 14	 581

. . . . . . .

Niter production. . . . . . .	 1,690	 146	 823

. . . .

Total. . . . . . . . . . . . .	 4,041	 365	 5,705

. . . . . . . . .

With the exception of the Carolina force, which is recruited from a class impracticable for military service, the employed of white laborers between eighteen and forty-five in the niter service is due partly to the frontier character of the work and partly to the necessity of a considerable proportion of trained or export workmen. Whenever exempt labor could be substituted it has been done rigidly and conscientiously. All clerical labor that can be is done by disabled men or females. This is stated to give full force to a comparison of the aggregate of our own mining and niter labor with the labor employed by the enemy on corresponding work connected with the war, as well as can be ascertained, and it is as follows: In the Confederate States-. In the United States over 80,000. If the campaign of 1865 is conducted on the same scale with the present, our own laboring force must not only be maintained but must be increased, or the Army will contend at fearful disadvantage with the superior equipment of the enemy.

The attention of the Department is also requested to the necessity of stopping the departure the country of trained workmen and mechanics, while the Government is importing workmen at great cost from Europe. Several hundred excellent mechanics have gone to the enemy during the past few months from interior pressure. Prompt action is respectfully suggested, either by legislation or by general orders, encouraging, inviting, and protecting skilled mechanical labor.

