
The military organization of the niter workmen has been attended with gratifying result. Assembled rapidly on call, they go into action on their own ground and with home instincts fresh upon them, and under these influences they have invariably done well. Two hundred of these men under their superintended, Major James F. Jones, fought in line of battle at Mount Hope and were noticed for good conduct. Their loss was 9 killed and 16 wounded. The force from three of the Virginia district fought at Saltville with the detailed men and were noticed for good conduct; casualties not yet received. The Tennessee force has served for some weeks under General Vaughn. And from Upper Alabama reports equally favorable have been frequently called from their work to resist hostile incursions.

The danger over, these men return to their work generally unaffected by camp habits; and clothing and feeding each one himself soon again returns each his quota of niter. One regiment and a half of niter workmen cover all details from the Potomac to the Mississippi and insure a full supply of ammunition for our armies in the field. To break up this organization will be to inflict a double blow on the service.

TRANS-MISSISSIPPI SERVICE.

No recent detailed reports have been received from this department. The general results, however, are satisfactory. In niter the local production exceeds the present requisition. In iron the production is increasing. Three high furnaces are in blast and two more under construction; also forges and probably and probably one rolling-mill. Funds and workmen have been sent from this side as far as possible can be spared; lead, copper, and sulphur have been supplied as called for, and copperas from local production.

In the general operations of the Bureau the military pressure of the last two years has permitted only incidentally mineral exploration and experiment examination in labor-saving machinery. Valuable notes, however, are preserved for future. In this connection it may be mentioned that zinc has been smelted within the Confederate State. That experiments on the Bessemer process are in progress, and that the exploration for coal suitable for iron furnaces is continued in Virginia upon the plan directed of the Navy.

In clothing I take pleasure in commending to the attention of the Department individual efforts of the several officers of the corps as presented in their returns upon the inclosed exhibit sheets.

I also desire to acknowledge specially to the Department the aid constantly extended to this service by the chief and officers of ordnance and of the Bureau of foreign Supplies.

Very respectfully,

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Colonel and Chief of Bureau.

