
declared by the Constitution to be a proper case for the exercise of this power does not exist in our country now, when can it ever be expected to arise? It is idle to appeal against it to the history of the old Union. That history contains no parallel case. England, whose reverence for the great bill of right is at least as strong as our own, and the stability of whose institutions is the admiration of the world, has repeatedly within the last invasion. It may occasion some clamor, but this will proceed chiefly from the men who have already been too long the active agents of evil. Loyal citizens will not feel danger, and the disloyal must be made to fear it. The very existence of extraordinary powers often renders their exercise unnecessary. To temporize with disloyalty in the midst of war is but to quicken it to the growth of treason. I therefore respectfully recommend that the privilege of the corpus be suspended.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

AN ACT to change the time for the assembling of Congress for its next regular session.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Congress of the Confederate States of America, for its next regular session, shall assemble the first Monday in May, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and not the first Monday of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

Approved February 3, 1864.

AN ACT to authorize the President to assign judges of military courts from one court to another.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized, at any time, to assign judges from one military court to another as in his judgment the service may require.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That this act take effect and be in force from and after its passage.

Approved February 3,1 864.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 3, 1864.

Honorable J. H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General:

SIR: In compliance with my letter of the 29th ultimo,* I have the honor to communicate the result of the inquiry into the action of this Department on your letters of the 19th of October and 17th of November, 1863, and January 7, 1864.

The last, in regard to the complaint of the postmaster at Ivor of begin turned out of his office, and its being appropriated to other uses by military authority, has been referred to the proper officers for inquiry and report and has not yet been returned.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

