
These efforts to settle by compromise have resulted only in loss of time, and the solicitors have been instructed to proceed with the arbitration without further delay. We regret this, as we fear from the various conversations with the solicitors that an arbitrator will decide the Austrian rifle item against the Government, in consequence of the failure of Major Huse to give the notice required int eh contract.

The general holiday enjoyed by gentlemen of the legal profession in England during the months of August and September has prevented any further progress being made up to this date.

We have had no answer from you to our dispatch No. 5, of March 17, but we understand from Major Huse that he has received from home an official communication indorsing his conduct. It was not our intention in that dispatch to clear him from blame, but to relieve him from any charge of collusion, and to place before you the difficulties he had had to encounter, and the good he had done and tried to do as palliative or offsets against his errors and mistakes. If our dispatch conveys more than this to your mind it has gone further than we intended. We wished to keep from speaking too severely of his mistakes, because of the difficulties of his position, but not to indorse or overlook them.

submitted by Major Huse there appeared, as per report of Ball, Quilter &amp; Co., a balance against him to August 14, 1863, of #2,215 14s. 2d from moneys drawn here. We have no data upon which to express any opinion in his accounts since that date. It would seem to us advisable, however, that Major Huse be instructed to submit his accounts since 14th of August, 1863. If this is done, the parties authorized to make the investigation, as well as Major Huse, should be formally instructed as to the wishes of the Government. We would suggest also that some additional allowance over his pay, commutation, &c., be made to cover the expenses he has been compelled to incur for the performance of his duty and the support of his family, in which, from all we can learn, he has not been extravagant.

With much respect, your obedient servants,

C. J. McRAE,

M. H. BLOODGOOD.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 8, 1864.

Returned for consideration. Major Huse has received no official inforsement from this Department.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 29, 1864.

Ordnance Bureau for notice.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

ORDNANCE BUREAU,

December 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The following indorsement of the Honorable Secretary of War

