
Isham G. Harris is still the Governor of Tennessee. His address is Macon, care of General Wright, who, I believe, is his brother-in-law. *

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

JACKSON, October 2, 1864.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I suggest a plan to obtain the return of deserters. The present policy is a failure. Coercion but perpetuates the evil. Good soldiers sent after bad ones not only fail to secure the recreant, but become worthless themselves. The 'supporting force," as it is termed, is a nuisance to the people and a deception to the Government. I believe something, at least, may be done by promise and persuasion if judiciously applied. Our State literally swarms with deserters. In my own county, as I know, and in many others, as I am informed, they appeared at the polls in the late election in armed bodies and defied arrest. Ignorance of the consequences involved in our struggles, a hopelessness of success, a dread of the punishment due to their offenses, and pecuniary inability to defray the cost of reaching their commands, I have been brought to believe, prevent many from rejoining the Army. I need not detail the facts which have brought me to this conclusion. I suggest that you appoint retain men in each State who shall address the absentees from the Army specially, giving ample notice of the time and place; that such persons shall be unattended by any armed force, which fact shall be made known, and the further assurance given that no absentee who shall attend such meeting shall in any way be disturbed during the day of such attendance; that such persons be authorized in your name in deliver to each absentee who will return a special pardon for all past offenses. A general proclamation of manesty is distrusted by the more ignorant and timid. Numbers never hear of it. It involves no direct and individual action or discharge; but the presence of an agent at a certain time in each county, with the authority of your name to place a pardon in every deserters' hand who reports, would impart a pointed, practical sense of safety to the recipient with which published generalities canim. The time preceding the arrival of such an ambassador, after notice of his coming, would be employed in earnest discussion among the people, which would become more intense as the hour of his arrival drew near.

If, by the power of persuasion and the promise of immediate pardon, a deserter should declare his willingness to return to his command, let the agent be further authorized to furnish such soldier with an order for transportation by public conveyances, so as to enable him to reach the Army.

Such a policy, I believe, will result in much good, and will cost the Government nothing save the transportation of those who return to the Army, and that, I presume, we are very willing to pay.

The character, public and private, of the men to whom this delicate duty should be assigned is, of course, of the highest importance. It is also one of great labor and anxiety, which few men will accept and faithfully perform. Constant riding and speaking, especially on such a topic, from day to day, as you are aware, is no mere recreation. But I am not willing to suggest for others what I would not accept

---------------

*A mistake. General M. J. Wright was not related to Governor I. G. Harris.

---------------

