
myself. Apart from the hope of doing some good for the "great cause," I should enter upon such a labor with the most extreme reluctance. Money could not tempt me to assume it. I suppose myself to be as fit an instrument for such a work as many men in our State. If, therefore, you see proper to entertain the suggestion an deem it advisable to assign me a portion of the labor, I am subject to your order. I will perform it as well I can. On one point my policy gatherings of the people cannot be obtained. My own health would not bear the rigors of such a campaign in the winter. Early next spring would be most advisable.

As I do not trouble you often with letters, let me avail myself of this opportunity to make some other suggestions. The present system of giving men a surgeon's certificate of inability to enter the field, but recommending them "for light duty," is a farce. No such men are ever so employed, and it is almost impossible they can be. I speak in general terms. Such person obtain a certificate, report to some amp, and are there furloughed-some for one time, some for another, and some indefinitely. Various departments are required to employ such men and to discharge employes capable of active service. How and where are they to obtain them? There is no person or place to whom or at which they can apply. Consequently they retain the able-bodied men, because they cannot discharge them until others are obtained. This is more than a pretext which would suffice for most officials to retain their friends and favorites. It is a valid excuse. These "light-duty" men prefer to be no-duty men. They are permitted to remain at home in comfort, attend to their business, make money, and if required occasionally to report to camp, are sure to look sick enough for ten minutes to be sent back. Let this class of men be kept in camp; let a register be kept of their ages, diseases, and capacities, and then require all officers to apply to the commandants of these camps for such peculiar assistants as they may need. The excuse now so glibly offered by officials for keeping hearty men around them would be silenced. Again, the "light-duty" men, rather than thus be kept in camp, would ferret out places occupied by able men and cause them to be sent to the field. The evil, I assure you, is a very great one.

I suggest another matter with more diffidence. The subject of the consolidation of companies and regiments was much discussed in Congress while I was there, but nothing, I believe, was ever done in relation to it. State pride, old flags, &amp;c., prevented it. The very small number to which various organizations have been reduced, rendering the position of officers ridiculous, has caused many of them to submit to be ousted from their commands by consolidation without complaint. But the form of orders to such commands is necessarily comples and subjects the Army, officers and men, to uncertainty and confusion. Again, under this tacit deprivation of officers of their commands, the country is filled with supernumeraries who either do nothing or who are assigned to duties which older and feebler men could perform. Cannot such men be forced to the ranks? I think so. The trouble now is that these men cannot be divested of their offices so long as those offices exist. An office is property, and so long as it exists you cannot turn out the legal occupant and put in another person, nor can you impose upon his another duty inconsistent with his discharge of the duties of his office; therefore, as the matter now stands, you cannot conscripts as soldiers supernumerary officers. But another

