
principle is as equally well settled, viz, that an office may be abolished and the officer as a mere adjunct is extinguished with it. If, therefore, a law could be passed declaring all offices under that of colonel, inclosive, abolished, all such officers would at once sink into the character of citizens. To prevent the evil of such a law of course another would have to preced, pari passu, authorizing the consolidation of companies and regiments and providing their officers in such mannermed best. To eclare the oldest officers in date or commission officers of the on solidated organizations would perhaps be most expedient. The details of such a measure are, I think, not difficult to adjust. Upon such consolidation all officers not retained would be liable to conscription-and they ought to be. To hope that they will organize themselves into companies is delusive. They had rather do nothing. I offered a bill to abolish the office of second junior lieutenant everywhere. It was defeated. Can that officer not be spared? Such a step would add at least 3,000 men to the ranks.

Again, the pardoning power, as exercised by commanding generals over the senteces of military courts, demands some restriction. My observation and experience enable me to speak with some confidence. To convict a soldier of any offense, who has social position, friends, and influence, is but a mockery of form. When I entered upon my present duties I resolved to perform they firmly and sternly. I have done so. With the view of awakening among the soldiers a just dread of the court, I urged the infliction of emphatic punishment upon the first offenders arraigned as the best means of securing discipline and preventing crime. They were thus punished and the sentences ordered to be read on three several days before their regiments. Among them were two young men of family and fortune, who were defended by able counsel; both of them barely escaped conviction for desertion, but were found guilty of absence without leave. Active measures were immediately taken to have them pardoned, and in a few days they were both parading the streets with their friends. Several poor, plain men, who could not pay counsel nor provide petitions and affidavits, convicted at the same time, are now undergoing punishment. It is a shame in the eyes of justice and fairly engenders the most hostile and unhappy spirit among the poor men of the Army. No general should be permitted to entertain an application for pardon or the mitigation of a sentence until the papers upon which such application is based have been submitted to the court pronouncing the sentence for its indorsement. If the evil can be remedied by order I suggest that it be issued.

One word more: and in this, at least, I can claim sincerity if not not see why myself and all officers similarly situated, when absent from the field, should be entitled to draw commutation for rooms if quarters are not furnished; nor why colonels should have communication for five, captains for three, &amp;c. If quarters adequate to the duty required cannot be furnished and the officer obtains them, let the cost, if reasonable, be paid by the Government. A half dozen officers on duty at a post all live in same house, pay a trifle, and each obtains commutation for the whole house. It virtually adds to the pay of men who live in houses, above those who suffer the danger and discomfort of the field. This is not right, some way, though I don't know enough about such matters intelligently to suggest a remedy.

The infernal hydra of reconstructions is again stirring its envenomed heads in our State. If disasters intervene between this time

