
The cases of Kinzer and Surface, arrested and returned to their regiment by order of General Buckner after their discharge from the military service of the Confederate States on writs of habeas corpus by Judge Fulton, of the Virginia bench, and which are the subject of your letter of the 17th of November, 1863, had been brought to the attention of the Department in the latter part of August by Honorable Waller R. Staples, had been investigated, and were under consideration when your letter was received.

That of the 19th of October was referred to the Conscript Bureau, the response from which is herewith inclosed. *

The questions presented by your two communications last referred to have received that consideration which their importance and the collision between the departments of the Government under our respective charge seem to demand.

The construction placed by this Department upon the exemption law approved on the 11th of October, 1862, of which the act approved April 14,1 863, entitled "An act to exempt contractors," &amp;c., according to the rule for the construction of statutes, is to be deemed and taken as a part, was distinctly stated and promulgated by a general order published on the 3rd day of November, 1862, in which it is expressly declared "that the exemption the discharge of nay one enrolled or in the service prior to the 11th day of October, 1862. "

This construction was sustained by the courts in various cases that were brought before them, and was approved by Congress when it passed the act approved on the 2nd of April, 1863, providing for the acceptance of the resignations of such officers and the honorable discharge of such non-commissioned officers and privates as might be elected or appointed to certain legislative, judicial, and executive offices, the tenants of which were exempted by the act of October 11, 1862, from the military service.

This being the clear and well-settled rule and practice of this Department, the chief of the Contract Bureau of the Post-Office Department, on the 26th of May, 1863, in an official communication to the postmaster at Christiansburg, informing him that the Postmaster-General withheld his acceptance of a certain lowest offer to carry the mail "in view of the unreasonable rate," instructed him to re-advertise, and remarks: "You will not fail to commend to the attention of the contractor or of those who may be disposed to offer under the re-advertisement the facilities of the late exemption law," &c.

The postmaster, accordingly, in his re-advertisement offers as an inducement to low bids the promised exemption from military service on route Numbers 2561, the proposal of John Surface, at one-fourth of a cent per annum, were accepted. The postmaster wrote to the Postmaster-General about the discharge of these men, who were privates in Company E, Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment. The chief of the Contract Bureau of the Post-Office Department replied that they were exempted, and it is understood the judge of the district court had so decided and discharged soldiers the judge of the district court had so decided and discharged soldiers, who had become contractors on writs of habeas corpus.

This Department considers that it has just cause of complaint against the Post-Office Department for the course pursued in this and similar cases.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

