
and next autumn, you may anticipate a contest in Mississippi which will tax the powers and pain the souls of the "good men and true. " Of those who "would count all things but loss" in the absorbing interest of that struggle, I can number in our State but a "Spartan band," whilst the timid, the traitor, and the time-server are "legion. "

May the Almighty impart to you His wisdom, and nerve you with His strength in the discharge of the some trust committed to your keeping by a confiding people.

Your friend,

JAMES PHELAN.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1864.

Adjutant-General for remarks, &amp;c.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President.

I have been prevented from making my remarks on the within suggestions of the Hon. Mr. Phelan at an earlier day by the press of other official and important matters. I highly approve his suggestions, and believe if they are carried out with the spirit in which he has inaugurated them they will prove highly beneficial to the cause and be the means of filling our Army with recruits, which will enable us to cope with the hordes of the enemy on the most favorable terms for the benefit of that cause. But this may not be done except by the free-will offering of the most influential and distinguished men of the South, "without money and without price. " If they will come forward in the spirit of patriotism for the noble cause in which they are equally concerned with those who are fighting the battles of the Confederacy and will freely give their aid to that cause, much good may be accompslihed, and we may then by their efforts and the blessing of God secure our independence.

The Government has no pecuniary means to appropriate to this object, and if it had they should not be expected from it by those who are willing to do the work. All that can be expected, reasonably, is that it should give a willing consent to the measures proposed.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXTERPRISE, October 2, 1864.

(Received 4th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

The following communications has been received from Governor Clark:

The State of Mississippi has to defend hersel in future. for this defense I promise to secure volunteers for six months without regard to age, if mustered into service previous to enrollment or conscription. I have no doubt of my right to them as troops of war of the States. The commandant of the State addressed General Preston on the subject on 25th August, but has had no reply.

As this insures a conflict with the State authorities I desire your instructions.

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General.

