
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES, SOUTH CAROLINA,
Columbia, October 3, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Induced by the conviction, which I believe impresses your own mind, that we have now imperative need in the field for every man who is able to bear arms, and that such need is likely to continue for another campaign at least, I feel assured you will pardon me for any suggestion I may make in reference to the subject. In my opinion there are severl sources within our reach from which an appreciable force can be readily obtained. They will be found, first, in the class of able-bodied oversees of conscript age thoughout the country. By the law of 1863 planters, &amp;c., were permitted to purchase from the Government overseers liable to and fit for service. In this class there certainly are many. The time of such exemption has, perhaps, nearly expired, but still it may be well to issue an order directing the generals of reserves in the several States to have these oversses enrolled and sent to the field at the earliest day practicable.

The same rule and order might be applied to a second class, namely, those who, under the act of Congress, 17th of February, 1864, contracted for overseers by giving bonds for meat, &c. The only exceptions I would make in this class would be in cases of farmers, soles, persons over seventy years of age, and those actually in service in the field. I think justice and the public necessity would require such exceptions. It is not necessary that I should elaborate this opinion by any argument.

There is also a third class, which would embrace the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments. It appears to me that in these departments all the labor that is merely clerical may be done by women, and other descriptions of labor might be performed by disabled men, of whom there are a great number, thus obtaining a considerable force of able-bodied men for the field, while at the same time you do an act of charity and justice to a number of destitute and unprovided females and men who have worthily become proper objects of the public care.

It seems to me to be now absolutely necessary to evoke in the speediest and most effectual manner possible the entire resources and strength of every State in the Confederacy. This, I am pesuaded by reason and experience, cannot be doen under the existing organization and arrangements of the Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments, no matter how much genius, good sense, and integrity may exist in their respective heads. They are too far from the scene of operations to possess that fullness of knowledge which is necessary to enable them to act with the particularity and efficiency which the necessity of the occasion requires. The field is too wide for suggestions of appointments and for immediate control by the central power. Departmental organization, naturally that of the States, under authority of the Secretary of War, and accountable to the respective heads at Richmond, is essential. If you think the subject worth further consideration I will submit details of the plan which I have in view, and the reasons for its adoption.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CHENUT, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

