
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 20, 1864.

Recent orders seek, by a rough but rapid surgery, to meet the evil. I hope they will, if properly enforced, meet most of these suggestions, but I would be very happy to have the benefit more fully of your counsel, and invite the communication of the plan to which you refer.

J. A. S.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., October 3, 1864.

Surg. R. POTTS,

Medical Purveyor, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: It has been reported to this office that sorghum seed is a good substitute for grain in the mamnufacture of whisky. You are instructed to purchase a sufficient quantity to give it a trial, and report to this office the quantity of liquor obtained from one bushel of seed; also its quality and the price paid for the seed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 76.
 Richmond, October 5, 1864.

I. All details heretofore granted under authority of the War Department to persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years are revoked, and all such detailed men, togethr with those within the said ages who hold furloughs or temporary exemptions by reason of pending applications for details, will be promptly assembled at the camps of instruction and appropriately assigned among the armies forservice, excet that men detailed and now actually employed in manufacturing, providing, collecting, and forwarding munitions and other indispensable supplies for the Army and Navy, or in work indispensable to military operations, will be continued in their present employments until their details shall be revised.

II. The heads of departments and chiefs of bureaus will, within the next twety days, forward to the generals of reserves lists of all detailed men in their employment in the several States, specially distinguishing and certifying those who are experts and those absolutely idispensable for the performance of the above-mentioned Goveernment work and business; and all detailed employes not so certified within the prescribed period will, upon the expiration thereof, be forthwith asigned to the Army.

III. All persons called out by this order who claim exemption on account of physical disability will be examined by select medical boards after their arrival at the camps of instruction.

IV. All men found for light duty, who are unassigned, will at once report to the camps of instruction under the penalty of being forthwith assigned to the active forces.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

