
SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,
No. 237.
 Richmond, October 6, 1864.

* * *

III. Colonel Thomas S. Rhett, Provisional Army, C. S., now on special service abroad, will without delay return to the Confederate States and report to Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army.

* * *

X. Colonel W. R. Gause, Third Missouri Infantry, will proceed with least practicable delay to the State of Missouri and report to Major Gen. S. Price for the purpose of raising troops in that State, or such other assignment as may be directed by General Price.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 33.
 Richmond, Va., October 7, 1864.

By General Orders, No. 76, current series, all details heretofore granted under authority of the War Department though this Bureau topersons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five are unconditionally revoked, and by said general order all such persons now under such details are required to report in person forthwith to such camps of instruction of the respective States as may be designated for assignment by the generals commanding the reserve forces to military service. *

Under this order all farmers, planters, mechanics, and others holding details by authority of the War Department or of local conscirpiton officers are required forthwith to repair to the camps of instruction.

Officers engaged in the conscription service are required promptly and with inexorable vigor to withdraw all such details as are herein indicated and move the persons hitherto detailed to the camps of instruction for assignment to service. No appeals from this order will be entertained by the Secretary of War unless approved and forwarded through this Bureau by the generals commanding the reserve forces.

Applicants for detail will not bef urloughed during the penedency of their applications, but will be assigned to the Army.

Circular No. 8, Bureau of Conscription, March 18, 1864, having been rendered nugatory by subsequent general orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, is hereby revoked.

By command of the Secretary of War:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*A full paragraph of this circular is so mutilated in the only copy in possession of the War Department that it is impossible to publish it.

---------------

