
HEADQUARTERS GLENN'S CAVALRY,
Greensborough, Ga., October 7, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: Upon recent application I have been authorized to raise a brigade of cavalry of reserves and non-conscripts in North Georgia. I have two regiments very nearly completed. There is no doubt I will succeed with them. They are being raised in the State east of Altanta. There are a great number of soldiers belonging to commands raised in North Georgia now absent in that region who are there without leave, called deserters. I know from my influence with the citizens and soldiers in that region that I can induce hundreds of them to return to our service. I am not mistaken when I assert that I can bring more of them out than any other person. I am very anxious to do so. I will do so under any order that may be issued by the War Department or any authority that may be granted to accomplish the dsired object. If I were permitted to announce that they would be reorganizedas mounted infantry, and serve under me and in my brigade, I hazard nothing in saying that I can get a thousand or greater number to return to ourservice who will otherwise be lost to it. If I can't be permitted to retain them under me, I desire to bring them out so as to verify my assertion of inluence with them. I would not have addressed you personally but for the fact that recent occurences in the Army of Tennessee, resulting in my trial and removal from my position as colonel Thirty-sixth Georgia, would prejudice my statements as to my influence with the citizens and soldiers of North Georgia with the Secretary of War, whohas not seen the testimonials from officers and soldiers, and from the citizens and soldiers of North Georgia with the Secretary of War, who has not seen the testimonials from officers and soldiers, and from the citizens who reside in Upper Georgia with the Secretary of War, who has not seen the testimonials from officers and soldiers, and from the citizens who reside in Upper Georgia, where I have been raised, and which I sbumitted to Your Excellency in the record in that case. The result of that case has not in the least impaired my influence with them. It is hard for them to believe that I would do wrong intentionally; besides, the recent desertion of the princi; al witness against me in presence of the enemy, then a private, but at the time of his desertion a lieutenant in Thirty-sixth Georgia, Thomas M. Lane, has made in my favor rather than against me. Please excuse this digression.

Hoping that you will give such directions in the premises as will authorize me to use my influence to get those of our soldiers to return in North Georgia who are there without leave.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE A. GLENN.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submited, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of war for the proper attention.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Whence did this officer obtain his authority to raise a brigade of cavalry from the reserves in North Georgia? Let him be instructed that no authority can be granted him to recruit deserters or to compound with them otherwise than by encouraging them to return to

