
their companies, and giving them a hope by voluntary return of being treated with leniency. If he can bring out any deserters he will do good service by forwarding them to their commands.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[OCTOBER 7, 1864. -For Cobb to Cooper, reporting measures taken to get men on detailed service into the field see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part III, p. 801.]

[OCTOBER 7, 1864. -For Beauregard to Davis, relating to settlement of mater between Governor Brown and General Cobb, relating to exempts and State militia, and action of President Davis and Secretary Seddon thereon, see Series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part III, p. 800.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 77.
 Richmond, October 8, 1864.

The following will supersede General Orders, No. 76, present series, which are hereby revoked:

I. All details heretofore granted under authority of the War Department to persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years are hereby revoked; and all such detailed men, together with those within the said ages who hold furloughs or temporary exemptions by reasons of pending applications for detail, will be promptly assembled at the camps of instruction and appropriately assigned among the armies for service; excep that men detailed and now actually employed as artisans, mechanics, or persons of scientific skill (and those detailed and now engaged in the manufacture, collection, and forwarding of indispensable supplies for the Army and Navy) will be continued in their present employments until their respective details be revised.

II. The heads of departments and chiefs of bureaus will immediately forward to the generals of reserves in the several States lists of all detailed men in their employment in the said States, certifying in each case of a person between eighteen and forty-five years those who are experts and absoutely indispensable for the public service, specifying the employment of each individual; and all detailed employes who are between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years not so cerified within the prescribed period will be forthwith assigned to the Army. A duplicate of the above lists will at the same assigned to the Army. A duplicate of the above lists will at the same time be furnished to the Adjutant and Inspector General for the action of the Secretary of War.

III. All persons called out by these orders who claim exemption on account of physical disability will be examined by select medical boards at the camps of instruction.

IV. All men found fit for light duty, and who are unassigned, will at once report to the camps of instruction, under the penalty of being forthwith assigned to the active forces.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

