
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, October 8, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The act of Congress passed February 17, 1864, provides for the enrollment of the free negroes, who are held liable to perform certain duties with the Army in hospitals, in work upon fortifications, &amp;c. The Secretary of War is also authorized to employ 20,000 male slaves, by hire or impressmenr, for similar purposes, and all are to be provided with rations and clothing, under rules to be established by the War Department. As yet nothing has been done to execuse this act, so far, at least, as it relates to clothing. I would respectfully suggest, therefore, in anticipation of same, that in the important items of blankets, shoes, and woolen garments each bureau be required to provide for the free negroes and slaves employed by it. The act does not put this burden upon the Quartermaster's Department, and calls recently made upon it preparatory to the coming winter show that it cannot safely assume it. Summer clothing and cotton pants, shirts, drawers, socks, and caps this department can supply, but in regard to the other articles it is simply reduced to this: Shall soldiers in the field be supplied, or shall these indispensable articles to the negroes? To meet the present demand for men in the field, blankets, shoes, and woolen goods have to be drawn in large quantities from abroad. In procuring them from there it is only a question of money, and as each bureau has its fund abroad, can purchase there without the risk of competition, and enjoyes equal facilities in all respects with this for bringing the supplies in, the arrangement proposed appears to be both expedient and just. There is now ample time to provide what is needed. The market at Nassau is overstocked with all the aricles referred to, and in making purchases the services of either Mr. Heyliger or Major Waller can be availed of.

Your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[First indorsement.]

Quartermaster-General for conference.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War in accordance with his suggestion, with the following draught of the proposed general order:

1. When free negroes are enrolled or slaves are hired or impressed under the act of February 17, 1864, and assigned to service with the bureaus of the War Department, each bureau will pay the negroes so assigned upon the forms and in the same manner as other employes are now paid. The negroes enrolled will be paid $11 a month, and slaves hired or impressed schedule rates, as precribed by the State commissioners.

2. Each bureau will also provide such nergores and all other employes in its service with the necessary woolen shirts, jackets, and pants, and blankets, overcoats, and shoes. Cotton pants, shirts, drawers, socks, and caps will be provided by the Quartermaster's Department on requisitions made quarterly, showing the number of

