
the employes to be supplied, and submitted for the approval of the Quartermaster-General. In purchasing these supplies abroad any bureau may avail of the services of the purchasing quartermaster at Nassau or in England.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

RICHMOND, October 8, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: I do not feel comfortable at being idle in time like these, and yet am not able to shoulder a gun in field service, or I would ere this have been with the brave battalion of my Maryland boys, who have shown such devotion under General Lee. To attempt to carry out the contemplated organization of the Maryland troops in the Valley would now be attended with more labor and with less results than in the spring, and for that and on the reasons I think it best for the public interest not to press the matter at this time. My attention has freqeuntly been called to the probable intention of the Government to organize a secret-servcie corps in connection with or to embrace the Signal Corps. If such be the case, and the matter is open, and you feel at liberty to instruct me with the command, I feel confident that I can render efficient servcie quite commensurate with the expediture to be incurred. Should I fail to do so, or to come fully up to your expectation, you may rely upon it that I will promptly and voluntarily surrender the trust without waiting to have my commission revoked. My view would be to organize a full regiment of Marylanders not owing service to the Confederacy, not in service, many of whom I feel confident I can bring over to border to organize a corps of heavy artillery to be available on the Potomac, and thus by the activity and energy of the material I should embody I think the navigation of the Potomac by transports could be materially embarrassed at important moments, if deemed necessary by General Lee, and the communication between Grant and washington, and also between that officer and his troops in the Valley, carried on principally by telegrams along the Potomac country, severe and interfered with, so as to make it comparatively useless when most needed. My relations with men on the other side, their sons being with me, and my knowledge of men and things up to the Canada line, would very materially facilitate such operations.

I do not, of course, know if the plans I suggest are within your province to have executed, but I beg respectfully to suggest them for your consideration. If anything of the kind is to be done, it would, of course, be desirable to enter upon it as soon as practicable.

I am, very respectfully, dear sir, your most obedient servant,

GEO. P. KANE.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 18, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President.

I had not contemplated such organization for secret service in connection with the Signal Corps, supposing the latter fully engrossed in

