
[First indorsement.]

OFFICE POST COMMISSARY,

Columbus, October 10, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Surg. C. Terry.

I have no funds for hospitals or for any other purposes. The district commissary has made repeated efforts to get funds from Richmond to supply this and other posts in his district, but thus far has received no funds.

Respectfully,

J. H. GRAYBILL,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE WALKER HOSPITAL,

October 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Unless some arrangement can be made by which funds can be obtained for the purchase of comforts for sick and wounded in hospital great injury to public service and loss of many valuable lives must ensue. It is perfectly useless to attempt to treat such diseases as prevail most commonly among soldiers unless suitable diet can be provided, as a great proportion of the diseases arise from the exposure and diet of the camp. I have raised money for this hospital on my own personal security until I can do so no more. I forward this to relieve myself from responsibility on account of suffering which will ensue in my hospital and in hopes that if the case is presented to proper authority some remedy may be had.

CARLISLE TERRY,

Surgeon in Charge.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE MECIAL DIRECTOR OF HOSPITALS,

Columbus, Ga., October 11, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Surgeon-General.

Unless some remedy is applied soon the hospitals of this department will have to forlough all their inmates to secure for them appropriate diet. If the Treasury Department does not furnish the currency the diet. If the Treasury Department does not furnish the currency the sick and wounded cannot be fed.

S. H. STOUT,

Medical Director.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of Wa, requisting his persual of these indorsements and urging that measures be adopted to enable surgeons in charge of hospitals to feed the sick and wounded. The evils resulting from a failure to supply them cannot exaggerated.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OCOTOBER 27, 1864.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

Why cannot funds be furnished? The Secretary of the Treasury honors requisitions now.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

