
No application was made by these men to the military authorities for their discharge on account of these alleged contracts. But when the commanding officer of the regiment, being shown a letter stating that friends had obtained these contracts for them, offered to prepare and forward such application on with his approval, his offer was declined. Writs of habeas corpus were sued out and awarded by a judge of a circuit court of Virginia on the 20th day of July, returnable on the 5th of August, at Wytheville, and sent by him to be executed in the State of Tennessee, where the regiment was and had been since the 5th of April preceding, with an intimation to the officer that if he would surrender the men to the officer appointed to execute the writs his personal presence was unnecessary. In the traditional deference to judicial authority habitual to our people the officer surrendered the men, sending this objections to and protest against their discharge. Being brought before the judge, he entered orders discharging them from the military service of the Confederate States. General Buckner, learning the facts, believing that the court had no jurisdiction, and that the order was, therefore, of no effect, ordered their arrest and return to their regiment. It is perfectly clear that the judge had no jurisdiction when the writs were issued; that it was an unjustifiable exercise of judicial prerogative in another State, and that the commanding officer of the regiment erred in surrendering the men to the officer of the court. But when they appeared before the judge within his circuit the jurisdiction attached; and however erroneous his decision may be deemed, it will be accepted by this Department, as has been done in the cases decided by Judge Halyburton, as the law of the case, and the men will be discharged from the custody of their officers.

But while thus recognizing such decision as made, this Department does not feel bound by the principle on which the juas to apply it to similar cases. it is satisfied that the construction placed by it on the exemption law is the true and proper construction placed by it on the exemption law is the true and proper construction, and is in accordance with the intention of the law-makes, and it insists that by every rule of reason and usage the settled construction given by an Executive Department of the Government to an act of Congress for its action is entitled to more consideration and weight of authority than an exposition by a subordinate judicial tribunal.

The views of this Department on this question of construction have been given fully in answer to a resolution of the House of Representatives during the present session; and unless Congress shall otherwise direct, these views continue, as heretofore, to be its rule of action.

Without restating any of these views, I will add the further suggestion that Congress, by its passage of the act of April 2, 1863, has thrown additional light upon its intention and the proper construction of the exemption act composed of the statutes of October 11,1 862, and April 14, 1863, in this, that it only provides for discharging from the military service those who may be called on to fill certain legislative, judicial, and executive offices, to perform certain public trusts, which the law in theory does not recognize as either to be sought or declined by the citizen, and has expressly left out of its provisions the large classes that were exempted because of benefits which would accrue to the public interests. The distinction is very plain and significant.

The obligation to the State of those who are in the military service, whether by voluntary enlistment or conscription, whether actually

