
are material and pertinent. This will leave ample space of subsequent indorsement. Commanders will return for completion all papers not so indorsed. The practice of wrapping communications with mere strips of paper for the purpose of indorsement, owing to their liability to be detached and lost, is prohibited.

II. Issuing commissaries will hereafter require from commissioned officers drawing rations a certificate that the same are for their own use.

III. Upon information received that any commissioned officer or soldier has sold the rations drawn by him he will thereafter not be allowed tod raw rations, at any one time, for a greater period than three days.

IV. Furloughed officers and men other than those furloughed from hospitals will be allowed to draw, at the place where furloughed, rations for the number of days only that are required for their journey. Officers and men furloughed from hospitals will receive from the hospital commissary such number of rations, for the purposes of reaching their destination, as the surgeon in charge may direct. Furloghed men may be allowed commutation of rations for the time specified, in lieu of rations in kind, if they prefer it. After reaching their destination sick and wounded furloughed men not in hospitals may draw from the nearest post commissary rations in kind or commutation therefor for the period of five days at a time. Each issue made to furloughed men, or each payment, if commutation is allowed will be indorsed on the furlough by the issuing officer.

V. Boards of examiners in general hospitals are directed not to furlough or discharge, or recommend for leave of absence, any soldier or officer who, on his admittance into hospital, could not show for his absnece from his command. Officers or soldiers applying for admission into general hospitals who are nor provided with proper authority for their absence from their commands will, if able to travel, not be admitted, but sent back to their commands. If unable to travel, such cases will be received into hospitals and their admittance reported to their respective commanding officers, and when suffiently recovered they will be returned under guard to their commands.

VI. All communications to the Secretary of War or to this office from the generals commanding reserves pertaining to the matter of conscriptions or other duties hitherto devolved on the authorities of conscription must be addressed through the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, October 11, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: Yours 28th ultimo is before me. It arrived during my absnece from herre. The objects you purpose to accomplish by a convention of Governors are vastly important, and are cordially approved by me. I will at any time appointed meet you in convention at Augusta, Ga., or at any point more convenient and agreeable to others,

46 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

