
of which I herewith inclose. The authority exercised by the Confederate authorities over the cadets of the Virginia Military Institute under these orders is directly in conflict with the instructions which I have received from the Governor of Virginia under yor order of October 14, 1862, and of the special order given to me personally by His Excellency Governor Smith in June, 1864. I feel myself embarrassed in my duty under the circumstances which surreound the case. I extract the clothing paragraph of your order of October 14, 1862.

The Governor, in view of all these important facts, feel it to be incumbent upon him to direct the superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute not to surrender any cadet who may be claimed as a conscript by the Confederate authority until the constitutionality of the act of Congress called the conscript law shal have been tested, the legislative will of the State ascertained, or until further orders.

The authorities of the Virginia Military Institute have no disposition to withold the cadets from the service of the country in this hour of its peril and need. They have promptly sanctioned their service without stint and at constly sacrifice of blood to the cause of this country. But the State through its military institute stands as a guardian, in her sovereing capacity, to these young soldiers, and it seems to be but just and proper that when their services are required in the field of battle they should be sent forth under the authority of the State whose servants they are, that the care and protection which have been assumed and promised to them may be rendered. Where thus rallied around the standard of the country, they will present an organized Virginia command, which may be extended to embrace many others who would promptly rally around the Virginia Military Institute, and by their efficiency render substantial service, without detriment to their morals.

If Special Orders, No. 102, be persisted in the organization of the Military Institute will be destroyed, and I apprehend the worst consequences to the individual members of the institute.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FANCIS H. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General and Superintendent.

[Sub-inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 HEADQUARTERS RESERVES FORCES, No. 102.
October 3, 1864.

The commencement of the next regular session of the Virginia Military Institute having been postponed until the 1st of November next, all cadets who are not under seventeen years of age and not already assigned to duty in the field by orders from the War Department or fromthese headquarters are hereby required to report without delay to Major T. G. Peyton, commandant of camp of instruction at Camp Lee, near Richmond, for immediate and temporary field service. Cadets under seventeen years of age are also earnestly invited to report at once for assignment to duty.

All furloughs and exemptions heretofore granted to cadets are, by command of the Secretary of War, revoked.

The cadets will be released from field service by or before the commencement of the session of the institute.

By command of Major-General Kemper:

R. H. CATLETT,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

