
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, October 12, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: In answer to your circular letter of a recent date respecting the foreigners in our midst, I have to say that I concur in the suggestion advanced by you. No laws have been passed in this State oppressive of this class of persons and no edict of expulsion has been or will be adopted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
Richmond, October 13, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Your attention is respectfully asked to the inclosed copy of a letter from the Quartermaster-General to the Honorable Secretary of War. The original was referred to me for remakrs, and was returned with the indorsement this copy bears.

That you may know the origin of this strange paper, I send also a copy of my letter to General Gardner, inclosing to him the inspection report referred to and calling his attention to the alleged violations of law. It will be seen my only instruction to him was to proceed "as the law requires in every case of infraction. " After a careful reperusal of that letter, I can see nothing to retract and nothing to justify the rrors, tone, and temper (not to say disrespect) displayed by the Quartermaster-General, so foreign to the usual deportment of that scrupulous and faithful officer. I am as unwilling to be thus thwarted in my efforts, under your orders, to see all men properly due there put into the Army as I am anxious to avoid these unusual and, as it appears to me, unmilitary arrangements by my inferiors. In a similar, but more marked case, where a subordinate officer of the Conscript Bureau, some two months since, addressed me a very disrespectful communication, I referred it to the Honorable Secretary of War, but as yet have no notice of any action. This case is therefore submitted to your consideration.

As there records are to constitute a part of the future history of the country, I feel sure you will appreciate my appeal to be relieved from an attitude so mortifying to my self-respect and so humiliating to any professional pride.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 6, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The act referred to imposed a penalty and prescribed a duty. General Bragg but fultfilled an obligation to aid in the faithful execution of the law when he called the attention of the post commander to the reported violations of law, which it was the duty of that officer to restrain. The "post" quartermaster at Richmond bears to the commander of the post the relation of field quartemaster to the commander of an army. The Quartermaster-General was not expected and it would have been absurd to expect him to inspect every establishment in the Confederacy to ascertain whether his assistants kept

