
men in employment contrary to the law cited, and there was no invasion of his rights in seeking to enforce the law by the means provided in the act. The reference of the complaint to General Bragg is no doubt the point which he describeds as mortifying, &amp;c.

For fear the originals may not have attracted your notice, I send the copies inclosed in the letter of General Bragg.

J. D.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
Richmond, September 16, 1864.

General WILLIAM M. GARDNER,

Commanding Post, Richmond:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of an inspection report of the officers of the Quartermaster's Department in Richmond. Your special attention is called to the following points develped by this report:

I. "Lieutenant-Colonel Cone, acting assistant quartermaster-general, has in his office an able-bodied conscript detailed as clerk. " This is in direct violation of the eighth section of act approved February 17, 1864.

II. See case of Captain Barksdale. Why is it that the money he disburses, any more than in case of other quartermaster's, shall be kept in the Treasury beyond his control? This officer is on post duty and under your command.

III. Major C. M. Smith, assistant quartermaster. "There are in this office three able-bodied men detailed as clerks. " See remakrs on Lieutenant-Colonel Cone.

IV. Captain Weisiger, assistant quartermaster, has contracts with six persons, who, he says, were detailed by Secretary of War. Has two employes, both liable to conscription.

V. Captain Putney has 236 details, many of them irregular, and forty-two employes, does not say whether they are of conscript age. Your attention is necessary in this case.

VI. Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster, "has one employe of conscript age. "

VII. Captain Dugan, assistant quartermaster, should have his office at the hospitals. His station is not in the city and he is not entitled to commutattion. Much complaint was made to met at these hospitals by the sick of being unable to see a quartermaster without wlaking into the city.

VIII. Captain Kemper, assistant quartermaster. Same as above.

IX. D. Rankin, quartermaster agent. By whom and when was he appointed? What age? Has a conscript without detail.

X. Captain Dorsey, assistant quartermaster. The details and employes should be examined to see if fit for duty.

XI. Major George F. Maynard, quartermaster. The large list of employes and details require scrutiny.

XII. Captain O. F. Weisiger, assistant quartermaster. Details and employes should be examined.

XIII. Major J. C. Maynard, quartermaster. He employes over fifty men, as shown by his list-copy inclosed-in violation of law as above.

XIV. Major Ambler, assistant quartermaster. His office and employes require attention as above.

XV. Major Harvie, assistant quartermaster. Attention necessary to long list of illegal details.

