
XVI. Captain Claggett, assistant quartermaster, not being on any duty in the city, but with troops on the lines, should be quoartered and have his office with them.

XVII. Captain Orgain, assistant quartermaster. Details and employes do not appear to be exempt.

XVIII. Captain West, assistant quartermaster, one of the paymasters Chimborazo Hospital. Lives in city. Has office in city. He must be where his duties are.

XIX. Major Bentley, assistant quartermaster. His list of details and employes needs attention.

XX. Major Webb, assistant quartermaster, one of the pymasters at hospitals, should be with his duties. Reports one detailed soldier unfit for duty November, 1863, but says nothing of his condition now.

XXI. Major Ferguson, assistant quartermaster. Details and employes not regular or according to law. See Colonel Cone.

XXII. Major Cary, assistant quartermaster. Paymaster of troops in hospitals. Should be stationed where hid duties are.

XXIII. Major Parkhill, assistant quartermaster. One employe irregular and illegal. Others not properly detailed. These different quartermasters whose duties are connected with hospitals should all be assigned as per my order to General Ransom, and be required to reside at their posts. It is impossible any one man can do the duty assigned this officer at all the hospitals, and the consequence is neglect and great complaints.

XXIV. Captain Warren, assistant quartermaster. Details irregular and illegal. See remarks in case Lieutenant-Colonel Cone.

XXV. Captain Wood, assistant quartermaster. Details, &amp;c., in vilation of law, and require prompt attention. See case of Lieutenant-Colonel Cone.

XXVII. Major Johnston, assistant quartermaster, has one ablebodied conscript employues as clerk in violation of law. See case of Lieutenant-Colonel Cone.

XXX. Captain Morris, assistant quartermaster, has a detailed able-bodied conscript in violation of law.

XXXI. Major Archer, assistant quartermaster. Details and employes irregular and illegal. See case of Lieutenant-Colonel Cone.

XXXII. Capain Macmurdo, same as above.

The condition of the different offices of assistant quartermasters in Richmond requires your prompt attention under the ninth section of the law referred to, and you are desired to act as the law requires in every case of infraction. Arrest the guilty parties and send your charges up, that a court may be ordered for their trial.

A proper arrangement and reassingment would enable the department to dispense with at least ten of these officers.

After retaining the report and accompanying papers herewith sent as long as you desire, for information, please return them.

Very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 26, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration certain papers referred to this Bureau by Major J. C. Maynard, quarter-

