
master, on duty in Richmond, and also certain papers received from Lieutenant-Colonel Cone and Captain George A. Barksdale bearing upon the same general subject.

It is proper to state at once that the "inspections" on which these proceedings against the officers of this departmetn are based were undertaken with my hearty concurrence; that every item of information sought from this Bureau, whether regular or irregular in form, was promptly furnished to facilitate the progress of inspection; that every question submitted to this Bureau by officers of this department (to many of whom the visits of inspectors were entirely new, and therefore their rights and powers unknown) was so decided as to open wide the doors for the entrance of the inspector, and to furnish him with every species of information necessary for a complete report.

Up to that point the interest felt by this Bureau in these inspections was fully recognized by General Bragg and his inspectors. The papers inclosed show that no reciprocal obligation has been acknowledged to furnish this Bureau with the important thus desired, nor to claim its action or co-operation in correcting any abuses supposed to have been discovered by these inspections. But other means have been resorted to which I respectfully submit are in violation of Army Regulations, general orders of the War Department, the usages of the service, and the courtesies which prevail in such cases.

First. The laws and Army Regulations require a disbursing officer to deposit his money, "as far as possible," in one of the depositories of the Treasury, and to draw checks in favor of the person to whom payment is to be made, &amp;c.

The inspector reports Captain Barksdale (whose office is within a 'stone's throw" of the Treasury) because is "kept in the Treasury beyond his control," and General Bragg quotes this complaint in his letter to General Gardner in connection with instructions to "arrest the guilty parties," &c.

Second. General Orders, No. 15, 1863, requires that "where occasions may arise in military commands for charges against a disbursing officer of the Army, arrest will be stayed until a report of the facts in the case is duly made to the War Department through the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, and the officer will continue to discharge his duties until the Department shall take proper measures for his relief from duty. " General Bragg (in alluding to a large proportion of the quartermasters in Richmond) instructs General Gardner to 'arrest the guilty parties and send your charges up, that a court may be ordererd for their trial. "

Third. General Bragg adopts the statement of the inspector, that the officer is guilty of a violation of law, and then this officer is called upon by General Gardner (who furnishes him with General Bragg's statement) to send up the necessary testimony to go before the court which is to be ordered. In truth, an officer holding a commission in the Army, and intrusted by his Government with the disbursement of millions of money, is first pronounced guilty, then called on to plead to the indictment, and at the same time ordered to aing links in the testimony necessary to insure his conviction.

Fourth. It has been the policy of the War Department to place all officers of the general staff as much as possible under the control and supervision of the respective chiefs of bureaus to which they are attached, especially so in case of those departments having control of large disbursements and extensive workshops, in order that there may

