
be more perfect system as well as mutual confidence and responsibility. This is shown, not only by the constant reference to these respective chiefs of all matters appertaining to their subordinate officers, but by a number of general orders and ecisions of the War Department (several of which are heein inclosed) and even by the messages to Congress of His Excellency the President.

General Bragg now seeks to institute the most summary proceedings against a large number of quartermasters at the seat of Government-such proceedings as would stop sudently the entire operatons of this important branch of the War Department in the midst of the most pressing demands upon it that war has ever made, through the instrumentality of the commandant of the post, and without even a passing notice to the chief of the Bureau that these important events are about to transpire.

Fifth. General Bragg informs the commanders of the post of Richmond (within the limits of which is the War Department and, of course, the Quartermaster-General's Office), and through him nearly every quartermaster in Richmond, that "a proper arrangement and reassingment of these officers would enable the department and reassingment of these officers would enable the department to dispense with at least ten of these officers. " As it has been the invariable practice of the War Department to refer to this Bureau all proposals to assign officers of the Quartermaster's Department, and this statemtn of General Bragg's is so positive and specific, I respectfully ask that he be invited to indicate the "ten" officers whose services can be dispensed with, and the "proper arrangement" of the duties of the others which would accomplish this object. General statements can be made with but little cost or trouble, but so to distribute the duties of officers as to meet every emergency of the service-to secure the "right man in the right place"-I have found a most intricate problem to solve.

I will not further remakr, sir, on the entire absence of courtesy to the chief of this Bureau by which all these proceedings are characterized, nor invole the interposition of the Secretary of war in my behalf, content to believe that the measure of courtesy due is more capable of enforcement by good taste than Army Regulations. But in behalf of the officers of this Department, who have been taught by the utterances of the President and the practices of the War Department to look to the chief of their Bureau for instruction as to their duties, I do make my appeal to a common superior, and ask that their duties and responsibilities be properly defined and protected. It is not matter of form, but of substance, to which I object. I respectfully submit:

First. That the quartermasters caled upon are not under General Gardner's orders, and therefore General Bragg could not properly direct General Gardner to call on them for these reports, and the relations of these officers to the chief of this Bureau can be changed only by orders from the Adjutant-General's Office.

Second. That if the inspector's report was of any value, its statements furnished him with all the facts, there was as much presented in that report upon which to found charges as these officers could furnish; and that, waiving the question of General Gardner's right to call upon them, it is simply persecution and waste of time to call again and again for these statements.

Third. That if any further statements from these officers are necessary to insure their conviction they cannot be called on to assist the

