
prosecutor in making out his case, after having been notified that they are "guilty" and must be tried by court-martial.

Fourth. That th manner in which these officers are approachedas to the allegad illegality discovered by the inspectr is not calculated to elevate the morale of the service. Instead of being properly confronted with the charges against them are pursued more like cultprits already condemned to punishment. As far as these officers are personally known to me, they are men of character and good repute, now in the discharge of important trusts, and have a right to be sensitive as to their fidelity and honor. I express no opinion as to guilt or innocence in any specific case, and shall be glad opinion as to guilt or innocence in any specific case, and shall be glad opinion as to guilt or innocence in any specific case, and shall be glad to see to trial go on whenever the prosecutor is ready. General Bragg cannot be more anxious to punish the guilty not to send ablebodied men to the Army than I am, but I respectfuly insist that this sweeping denunciation in advance of a large class of officers does not promote efficiency or secure correction.

Fifth. That these quartermasters having furnished to the inspector complete list sof their employes, and the Bureau of Conscription being now engaged in registering every man in Richmond (full information having been furnished them by this Bureau toward aiding in their work), the means of procuring all the testimony to convict "the guilty parties" are ample and within reach, without compelling any officer to "ciminate himself. "

In conclusion I respectfully protest that in making this appeal to the Secretary of War I seek not to shield any guilty man from punishment, but earnestly invite the most severe scrutiny into the character and transactions of all the officers of the department, many of whom are doubtless not without fault. I do ask, though, that the principles and practice of the War Department should not be set aside as against one class of officers and common right violated in order that reform may seem to move forward at a quicker pacefully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,
October 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

It appears to me that the Quartermaster-General has strangely misapprehended my action in the matter of which he complains, and still more strangely misconstrued and misapplied the law and regulations. By the ninth section of the act of February 17, 1864, "it shall be the duty of any district or department commander, upon proof by the oath of any credible person, that any such officer has violated this provision, immediately to relieve such officers from duty, and said commander shall take prompt measures to have him tried for such offense. "

By General Orders, No. 48, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, 27th of May, 1864, paragraph VIII, this duty is also devolved on post commanders. Upon the receipt by me of an inspection report made by an officer duly ordered and authorized to make investigation into these matterrs, setting forth certain violations of the above-quoted law, and whole matter was referred to the proper commander; and my only action was simply to call his attention to the requirements of the law, the neglect of which forfeited his own commission.

