
serving with the army in the field or only enrolled for such service, was complete and perfect, and could not be loosened or removed by their own action.

When called, according to the mode prescribed by the Constitution and laws, to fill public office, the duties of which were incompatible with the duties imposed by the military obligation, it was a question to be determined by Congress which class of obligations was to be deemed of the higher importance to the public weal. It was no question of relevice of the country, or of privilege to be awarded to an individual, but simply the decision as to which of two conflicting classes of public duties which the citizen was required to perform should be preferred.

Laws exempting from military service provide that certain classes of individuals liable to the performance of military duties, if called on-and such liability is only inchoate until the call is made-shall not be called on to perform those duties; but there is no provisions of law by which a citizen whose debt of military service to the public has been perfected by the demand for its performance can discharge himself from his obligation by his own act. It would be strange and anomalous if there were.

A contract with the Post-Office Department to carry the mails would be such voluntary act of the individual. Nor would the fact that the contract was made with a department of the Government make it the less his mere voluntary act-the really relieving himself from his superior obligation-than would be his contracting with such mail contractor to drive a post coach or hack for carrying the mails; or his contracting for service with a railroad or canal company, or with the editor of a newspaper, or to be employed by any contractor with the Government, or the bringing himself by any means within any other of the large classes that are by the same act declared to be exempt. The law applies to all equally.

The plain result is that no one whose application has thus become perfect has the right or power to complete a contract which is incompatible with his prior superior obligation. He is not, as to such, capable of contracting. It is therefore insisted that the contracts made by the Post-Office Department with those persons actually in the military service or enrolled for such service, made without the consent of this Department, are not sufficient according to law to release the parties from the claim of this Department, acting as the agent of the public, to whom the service is due. And in the performance of my duty to maintain the Army in the most effective condition, strained to request that you will abrogate all these contracts when the parties have been discharged from the military service on writs of habeas corpus, in order that they may be reclaimed by the military authorities.

The extent to which the army in the field may be weakened by those discharged on habeas corpus on account of having become contractors to carry the mails cannot be, it is presumed, very great, though three were discharged by Judge Halyburton in one day who had agreed to transport the mails on routes exceeding ten miles in length for the annual compensation of 1 mill, 1 cent, and 10 cents, respectively. But the principle of his decision applied to the other classes of exemption would fearfully diminish our ranks just at the time when urgent necessity requires every effort to enlarge them, and this consideration makes me the more earnest in resisting a construction of the law fraught with so much mischief.

