
It will be observed that my instructions to him refer not to the parties reported, but to the "guilty parties," thereby indicating that the inspection report sent him was not his guide, but for his "information. "

It is apparent from the tenor of the remarks of the Quartermaster-General that he misapprehends to some extent the object of inspections as well as the exact military relations of the officers of his department stationed in and about Richmond. As the chief of the Bureau charged with the financial and property responsibility of his subordinates, it it conceded that information obtaind by inspections should be furnished him; but when it comes to the military responsibility of these officers to their proper superiors-as in the case before us-I cannot concede his claim.

The error arises from the proximity of the officers to the chief of the Bureau, and the mixed duties (post and depot) improperly assigned them. The post quartermasters in Richmond are no more under the control of the Quartermaster-General, no less under the control of the post commander, than are the same class of officers in Mobile or Galveston, and every attempt to make adinstinction will only work confusion and disorder and result in inefficiency and irresponsibility. A copy of my letter to General Gardner is herewith inclosed.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SUBSISTENCE DEPT.,

Richmond, October 13, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that I have just received long and interesting reports from Major White and Major Munnerlyn of the results of the operations of the Cattle Battalion in Florida. These papers, though well worthy of your perusal and attention, are on account of theier length not submitted to you. The services rendered by this battalion have been of the most importance character. Operating in the only way possibly successful in such a country, but partially organized and equipped, it has guarded a line of over 300 miles in length, extending from the neighborhood of Lake Okeechobee to the upper portion of Lafayette County, affording a nucleus for the militia of that region. It has checked desertions and restored the confidence of the people. As an illustration of the fact, it is mentioned that citizens who had deserted their homes and property from fear of the enemy have since the organization of the battalion brought back their families. While doing such good service as soldiers, these men have been equally efficient in procuring subsistence for the Army. Operating in a country infested with traitors and deserters, extending from the Gulf to the Atalantic, they have brought out a large number of cattle which without their aid could not have been secured at all. The effiency of this battalion, both as a guard of the country and as a means of procuring supplies, depends entirely upon the detailed men connected with it. They-a small number-have been selected with special reference to their fitness for the duties to be performed, and around them as a nucleus have been rallied a number of men whose services would otherwise be lost to the Confederacy.

