
Take away these detailed men and you destroy the battalion, virtually lose possession of the country, and certainly all the cattle in it. It is with confidence claimed that nowhere in the Confederacy can the services of these few detailed men be half so valuable as in the present organization, and therefore the Secretary is eanerstly asked to give orders that they shall be exempted from the operations of General Orders, No. 77.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 14, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The special service requires this battalion. Instruct commander of reserves in Florida they are specially expected from Order No. 77.

J. A. S.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, October 13, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War. *

Copies in full of Circulars Nos. 26 and 29, of which extracts alone have been brought to the notice of His Excellency, are inclosed. +

The consideration in connection with them of Circular No. 8 ++ will remove the impression that Circular No. 29 destroys "the authority of the officers charged withe supervising in each State the enrollment and assignment of recruits," and consideration of the reasons which led to the adoption of this system will, it is thought, go far toward modifying the opinion expressed "that it may well have led to the abuses so often represented to exist. " It will be seen that judicial functions respecting details are exercised by the Bureau of Conscription under the immediate direction of the Secretary of War, whreas the authorities of information on which intelligent and discriminative action could be based, and to separate from the great mass of applications presented such only as will probably receive favorable consideration.

As full information was indispensable, it was made the duty of the local or county enrolling officer to whom applications were directed to be addresed to furnish the information, and to that officer properly should have been assigned the power to decide whether the application should be forwarded; but the responsibility was considered above the capacity, both moral and intellectual, of the great majority of the persons then filling such positions. Neither was it included in those of the commandant, because the delay in reaching his office would have been too great; and if delay was not provided for the social and indstrual organization of the country would have been wholly deranged-when the least interference would have caused the most serious evils.

A medium was at hand in the person of the Congressional district enrolling officer, selected from those disposable because of theri qualifications, and to them was intrusted the power to decide whether the

---------------

*The paper bearing this indorsement is not indentified.

+See July 8 and August 9, pp. 534, 578.

++See p. 217.

---------------

