
applicant should continue at his work until action could be taken by the Secretary of War.

To guard against erroneuous action the right of appeal was given. For many reasons, principally because of the necessity created by the exhaustion produced by the war of discriminating between various necessities, and because of a want of confidence in the capacity of the officers making the decision, a proviso was added that in case of appeal the party should be allowed to remain at his work until final action. The practical effect was that appeals were taken merely to obtain delay. The evil was a serious one, and by direction of the Secretary of War Circular No. 26 was issued. It soon became evident that in guarding against delay other and still more seriuos evils had been created, such as the shutting up of manufactures, stopping mills, limiting the capacity of railroads for transportation, &amp;c. As these became manifest the rigor of the circular was modified in several instances by special intructions, and at length, after several conferences with the acting superintendent, the Secretary of War directed the issue of Circular No. 29, which reintroduced the old system, with the exception of the objectionable proviso.

As the extracts referred by His Excellency purport to be official ocpies of those in the office of the commadant of conscripts for Georgia, it is deemed proper to state that the general system as above explained was not in operation in that State until the reeption of Circular No. 29, and to give the reasons therefor. The oficer assigned as commandant of the State was probably misled by the third paragraph of General Orders, No. 26.

As will be remebered, a more elaborate order than that isused was prepared, but it was considered preferable that more minute instructions should be issued in circul form from the Bureau of Conscription, which was accordingly done. The ambiguity is removed in paragraphs XIII and XV, Circular No. 8.

As the erroorrected without greatly increasing the already lengthy delay, and as the necessity for the immediate enforcement of the law was pressing, it was deemed prudent for a hile not to notice it; besides, the want of administrative capacity in his predecessors, and of the individual and physical poverty of the material disposable for officers, made it advisable that the energetic officer just assigned as commandant should exercise immediate supervision until some degree of his own energy could be infused into his subordinates, and they become instructed as to their other duties.

When Circular No. 29 was issued a great change for the better had become manifest, and as other exception was unnecessary the system was made uniform.

The apparent departure from respectful form in issuing a revocation of a circular made by order of the Secretary of War, by a circular not so expressing his order, is explained by the fact that it was not customary to use that form. It was used in Circular No. 26 because of the gravity of the matter and because it changed the previous policy of the Bureau.

In No. 29 it was omitted entirely unintentionally simply by force of the custom indicated.

The acting superintendent, however, felt a perfect assurance that Circular No. 29 was in exact accordance with the Secretary's instructions.

J. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

