
ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to present the folloiwng general view of the operations of my department for the year ending September 30, and of its present condition and prospects. I refer briefly to the more important branches of supply:

Small-arms. -The chief supply has been from importations, which, since the loss of the vessels belonging to this Bureau, have been very light, not to exceed, say, on this side of the Mississippi, 30,000 during the year included in this report. The number manufactured is about 20,000 instead of 50,000 to 60,000, as I anticipated. This reduced product is due to the interference of military operations, both of the enemy and our own. The captures have been about 45,000 and the losses about 30,000, leaving a gain of 15,000. The stock of arms in the arsenals is about the same as it was one year ago. If we place the diminution of our military force at 50,000 men (including reserves, local forces, militia, &amp;c.), the aggregate of their figures (30,000 improved+20,000 made+15,000 captured+50,000 less troops) 115,000 will represent the waste of arms during the year. About 20,000 are now on the way from Europe and 50,000 more have been ordered purchased. A further purchase of at least 50,000 will be necessary for the coming year unless the operations of the armories can be placed on a permanent footing by declaring all skilled mechanics engaged on them absolutely exempt from military duty, attaching them permanently to the Ordnance Department, and encouraging in every way the growth of this class of workmen. I cannot lay too much stress on the necessity for legisltive action on this point in order to give assurance to the workmen.

Powder. -The mechanical means of the Bureau for the production are ample for a war conducted on any scale, and are so arranged as to be almost beyond casualty. The supply depends alone on that of saltpeter and sulphur, and for the present on the former. While we must still depend on importations as one chief source of supply of niter, it will be indispensable that the efforts of the Niter and Mining Bureau be sustained, in order that the home production may not be lessened. A certain force of white and black labor ought to be permanently assigned to this duty of procuring niter and sulphur and the other operations of the Niter and Mining Bureau.

Lead. -The expenditure of small-arm ammunition has been very heavy an has exhausted all our efforts to acculmulate a supply of this precious material. I feel more uneasiness on this point than on all others. The requisitions have, however, been fully met through the energy of the Niter and Mining Bureau and our own exertions in gleaning the battle-fields.

Artillery. -The supply of field artillery has been adequate to the demand and the guilty very good. The quality of the rifled ammunition is susceptible of improvement. From deficiency in the supply of coper the manufacture of bronze field pieces is suspendedn and an iron gun tightly banded substituted for the 12-pounder Napoleon, which gives entire satisfaction. Harness and equipments have not been deficient.

Cavalry. -Good cavalry arms are much needed. Here again the removal of an armory (for military reasons) and the want of workmen have crippled the Bureau. The sea-coast defenses have been

