
supplied with a large number of 10 and 8 inch columbiads and some heavy rifled and banded guns. The want of transportation for iron and coal from Selma to Macon has paralyzed the operations of the foundry for heavy guns established at Macon.

I regret, too, that military operations about Richmond have prevented them from the asting of 12-inch guns, the preparations for which are now completed. A few guns of this caliber at Wilmington would have been of inestimable advantage in defense against monitors.

Mechanics, miners, artisans, &amp;c. -While the Army have been well supplied during the past year, there a recauses operating which will render future results less satisfactory. The chief of these is the diminution of skilled workmen. Without statistics I can only assure you that the number and quality of wrokmen have greatly falen off since the middle of the year 1863. While two years ago it was difficult to get machinery, we have now a surplus and cannot get workmen to run it. This opens a most melancholy prospect and indicates an evil that cannot too soon be corrected. While we are importing workmen by twos they are leaving us by the undred. I formerly reported to you that from Christmas, 1863, to May, 1864, fifty-five men left our (Government) workshops in Richmond. This may give a glimpse of the exodus. Nor is it that this class of men is disaffected or unpatriotic that they leave the country. When called on they have fought and fought well. Our of one battalion of, say, 200 workmen from the armory here 4 were killed or died of theri wounds and some 8 or 10 wounded in a skirmish. But workmen will not fight and work both. This must be accepted as settled in theri minds. I trust the policy of the War Department may be modified toward these men for the sake of results as to home production, and that legislative action will secure to these men exemption from military service while in the employ of the Government. I have heretofore urged that this Bureau and the niter and Mining Bureau should have a definite number of mechanics, miners, and other skilled labor assigned to them, and that the usual bi-monthly returns by rendered by those bureaus for them, thus placing such force exclusively under the control of the chiefs of those bureaus. Considering the vital nature of the operations confided to these two bureaus, I again urge this proposition.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 81.
 Richmond, October 14, 1864.

I. Generals commanding reserves in the several States will without delay select and send officers, one to each Congressional district, empowered to summons and, after inspection, forward to the camps of instruction all persons holding certificates of permanent disability and such persons assigned certificatesof permanent disability and such persons assigned to light duty as in his judgment appear likely to be adjudged qualified for active service. All such as may, upon examination, be pronounced by select medical boards so qualified will be assigned to duty in the field.

The inspectors of conscription may be charged with this additional duty in the absence of other suitable officers.

II. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 77, current series, is amended by the insertion of "in the service of the Government" between the words "employed" and "as artisans," &c.

