
III. The details of such men, called out by General Orders, No. 77, current series, as are found by the proper medical boards to be unfit for field service may be revived, and similar details may be granted to light-duty men not heretofore detailed, at the discretion of the generals of reserves.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 14, 1864.

General R. TAYLOR,

Selma, Ala.:

Law does not allow trade in cotton with enemy by States any more than by individuals. Military are not required to enforce this law, but when military regulations require permits for cotton States connot be excepted.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

At a meeting of the Governors of the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, held in Augusta, Ga., on Monday, the 17th day of October, 1864, Governor William Smith presiding, after a full, free, and hamonious consulation and interchnge of counsel, the following among other views were expressed:

Resolved, That there is nothing in the present aspect of public affairs to cause any abatement in our zeal in the prosecution of the war to the accomplishment of a peace based on the independence of the Confederate States; and to give encouragement to our brave soldiers in the field and to strengthen the Confederate authorities in the pusuit of this end we will use our best exertions to increase the effective force of our armies.

Resolved, That the interests of each of our States are indentical in the present struggle for self-govenrment, and wisdom and true patriotism dictate that the military force of each should aid the others against invasion and subjugation, and for this purpose we will recommend to our several Legislatures to repeal all such laws as prohibit the executives from sending their forces beyond their respective limits, in order that they may render temporary service wherever most urgently required.

Resolved, That, whilst it is our purpose to use every exertion to increase the strength and efficiency of our State and Confederate forces, we respectfully and earnestly request that the Confederate authorities will send to the field every able-bodied man, without exception, in any of its various departmetns whose places can be filled by either disabled officers and soldiers, senior reserves, or negroes, and dispense with the use of all provost and post guard except in important cities or localities where the presence of large bodies of troops make them necessary, and with all passport agents upon railroads not in the immediate vicinity of the armies, as we consider these agents an unnecessary annoyance to good citizens and of no possible benefit to the country.

