
Resolved, That we recommend our respective Legislatures to pass

stringent laws for the arrest and return to their commands of all deserters and stragglers from the Confederate armies or State troops, and that it be made the special duty, under appropriate penalities, of all civil and military officers to arrest and dliver to the proper authorities all such delinquents.

And whereas, the public enemy, having proclamined the freedom of our slaves, are forcing into their armies the able-bodied portion thereof, the more effectually two age their cruel and bloody war against us: Therefore be it

Resolved, That it is the true policy and obvious duty of all slaveowners timely to remove their slaves from the line of the enemy's approach, and especially those able to bear arms, and when they shall fail to do so that it should be made the duty of the proper authorities to enforce the performance of this duty and to give to such owners all necessary assistance as far as practicable.

Resolved, That the course of the enemy in appropriating our slaves who happen to fall into their hands to purposes of war seems to justify a change of policy on our part, and without owners of slaves under the circumstances should freely yield them to their country, we recommend to our authorities, under proper regulations, to appropriate such part of them to the public service a smay be required.

Resolved, That the States have the right to export such productions and to import such supplies as may be necessary for State use or for the comfort or support of their troops in service, upon any vessels owned or chartered by them, and that we request Congress at its next session to pass laws removing all restricitions which have bene imposed by Confederate authorities upon such exports and imports by the States.

And lastly, we deem it not inappropriate to declare our firm and unalterable purpose, as we believe it to be that of our fellow-citizens, to maintain our right of self-government, to establish our independence, and to uphold the rights an sovereignty of the States or to perish in the attempt.

Resolved, That the chairman be requested to send a copy of these

resolutions to His Excellency President Davis, one each to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Respresentatives, to be laid before the respective bodies, and one to the Governor of each State in the Confederacy.

RICHMOND, VA., October 17, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Augusta, Ga.:

I much regret the necessity which prevented me from going as far as our State, and deprived me fo the pleasure of seeing you. The spirit manifested in Mississippi has been a source of comfort and pride to me. Energy and united effort, added to the patriotic zeal so generally prevalent, give the best assurance of an early peace. I hope your convention will give additional power to the public defense and unanimity among the governments of the States on all matters of military policy.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

