
BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, October 18, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: This morning you verbally informed me that it was not your purpose, in dictating General Orders, No. 73, and the subsequent general orders relating to the same matter, to charge the generals commanding reserves with the control and administration of conscription further than that they should exercise a vigilant supervision over the local officers in the performance of their duties; that such local officers, except the commandants of camps of instruction, should be furnished by them, and that they should also furnish such forces of the reserves as from time to time on occasion they mght deem necessary to aid in the service of conscription and the arrest of deserters, &amp;c., and that they should report all matters concerning these functions through the Bureau of Conscription. I further understood you to say that the investigation of all matter within the sphere of conscription service was to be made by the enrolling officers and forwarded to the Bureau as heretofore or through the generals of reserves for its decision under te instructions of the Secretary of War, and that the generals of reserves were not charged with the decision of any matter of conscription. This I understood embraced your purpose of the connection of the generals of reservestration fo conscription, and you remarked in connection with it that you had not selected those officers and placing in the hands of the generals commanding the reserves the whole matter of investigating and deciding all cases of conscription coming under the act of Congress and general orders. Knowing this to be at variance with your purposes, I venture most respectfully to recommend that your order instructions to be given in the proper quarters concerning the matter. I have the honor to inclose the series of general orders* the supposition and application fo which has led to the erroneous construction of your purposes. I inclose also certain general orders* of the general commanding the reserves in Virginia indicating the assumption of the entire control of conscription under the general orders of the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, October 18, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you a copy of a note I have this day addressed to His Excellency the President. + It is proper for me to state the views of the President, as related in that note, were not expressed by my seeking, but were given incidentally at an interview sought by me for conference on other matters. It is also proper to state that I

---------------

*Not found as inclosures and not otherwise identified.

+See next, ante.

---------------

47 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

