
was aware of these views of the President when General Orders, No. 73, were issued, but on my return to Richmond after an absence of ten days, just susequent to the issuing of those orders, I found a different construction placed upon them. Supposing I might be in error, I have cautiously refrained from any reference to the matter until the President himself shold mention it. He having this day expressed these purposes in the presence of General Cooper, summoned specially to hear them, I feel myself at liberty to make the recommendation contained in my note.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, October 18, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

COLONEL: On the 28th of September Major S. B. French, then at Wilmington, N. C., on a tour of duty, wrote you a letter in reference to the contract of Messrs. Power, Low &amp; Co. That contract was to have expired, and I presume did expire, by limitation on the 2d day of this month, and the purpose of that letter was to call your attention to the importance of making some arrangement by which the time of delivery of supplies under it could be so extended as to give your department the benefit of their services, at least until we could otherwise provide against the scarcity that now thereatnes the Army.

Ascertaining that Major French was to return in a short time after you referred that letter to me for report, and also that Major Reid, who has been specially charged with the superintendence of the delivery of commissary supplies at Wilmington, would be here shortly hereafter, I preferred waiting until by conference with them I could put you in complete possession of the facts of the case, which I now proceed to do.

First. It will be seen by the letter and accompanying memorandum of Major S. B. French, of this date, addressed to youself (see paper A*), that, with the whole Confederacy completely exahusted of supplies, we have only meat rations for 300,000 meant for twenty-five days. as we feed, by rough estimate, not less than that number, including prisoners, and we cannot expect to commence on the new hog crop before the 1st of January, the condition of the commissariat is well described by Major French as "alarming. " Our supply must come from abroad if it be got at all; whereas at the islands Messr. Crenshaw have large accumulations; as Power, Low & Co. have also a considerable amount awaiting shipment.

Second. But for this purpose these two lines are our resource, as will appear from the letter and rpeort of Major Reid, commissary of subsistence, of October 16, addressed to me (see paper B*). The report shows that for the moon running from August 19 to september 10 only five vessels out of seventeen brought in anythingfor the Subsistence Department, and of these five three were the vessels of Messr. Power, Low & Co. I invite your particular attention to the list of vessels which this report contains.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

