
In urging upon you, in view of all the above facts, to have the contract of this firm extended if you can do so, I do not think it necessary to attemt to meet the arguments which are used to establish the policy of blockade-running under the regulations of the War and Navy Departments. The system may be a good one and may not have had time to get into opeation, or it may be had; but it has failed altogether hitherto to supply the subsistence departments, for Major Reid reports the same state of things to have existed in previous moons as in that in which he reports. The reason is obvious. The second section of the regulations to carry into effect the act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States "requires vessels to return with a cargo consisting one-half of articles not prohibited by the laws of the Confederacy and the other half of such articles as the Government shall offer for shipment from such port at the rate of freight," &amp;c.

Meat is a bukly article and will not pay, and hence blockade-runners will not bring it. The result is that the trade regulations so far have failed to bring subsistence, and if insisted on as the exclusive policy of the Government will effectually kill all importations of that character.

Nor can Messrs. Power, Low & Co. be expected to sail their vessels at present under those "regulations. " The parties that now run under them need risk nothing but their kels, and cannot, in any event, risk more than half their cargo, and then in goods that will repay the risk. But Power, Low & Co. have bought their goods (which are of a different character from private cargoes), and take the whole risk of delivery and also of inspection.

Third. I have had a conversation with Mr. Low and the assures me, as I have before stated, that he has a large amount of stores at the islands awaiting shipment. These, with Messrs. Crenshaw's, are all that this department is adivsed of. The equity that he makes out for his concern is that they have those goods; that they did not expect a discontinuance of the contracts so soon, and think rather they had cause to expect a continuance of it as the condition of a bona fide and patriotic fulfillment; that there has been delay in building vessels which they could not prevent; that the quarantine at Wilmington has operated another delay, which has been still further extended by the increased strictness of the blockade. But whether they have an equity or not, and whether the regulations for running the blockade are politic or not in the long run, it is certain that you may get meat by extending the contract, and certain that you can get none by regulations at present.

A letter from Power, Low & Co., addressed to me, dated October 17, says:

As the Subsistence Department is greatly in want of supplies, and as an inducement of ra rnewal or extension of said contract, therefore we propse to place our ships Will-o'-the-Wisp, Night Hawk, and two others expected at the islands shortly under the conrol of said department, to bring in on each vesel from one-third to one-half weight capacity, so that a supply of stores can be safely and surely relied upon.

In this exigency, and with that pledge, I respectfully report to you that I consider the extension of their contract as an absolute necessity of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. RUFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

