
In looking into the action of this Department on your communications I must admit and regret the fact, as I have already stated, that in consequence of the great of business imperatively demanding immediate action the responses have not been so prompt as they should have been and as you had the right to expect. But, while it appears to be in fault from the failure to respond with sufficient promptness, I do not agree that there has been any just cause of complaint as to its action on the subject-matter of your communications; but, on the contrary, hold that its action has been in accordance with the law, the policy of the Government, and the necessities of the country.

With great respect, truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13.
 Richmond, February 3, 1864.

I. In the event of the loss of company records and the consequent inability of the commanding officers to certify therefrom the clothing accounts of soldiers, said accounts may be stated from memory, provided such statements are supported by the affidavits of the soldiers interested.

II. When, from the casualties of war, companies have been entirely deprived of their officers, int eh adjustment of clothing accounts the affidavit of the soldier, together with those of two of his comrades, will be esteemed sufficient evidence to authorize a settlement with him if the statement shall be approved by the regimental commander.

III. Hereafter the articles of clothing issued during the year will be stated opposite the name of each soldier, upon the muster-roll of his company, at the annual settlement directed in General Orders, Numbers 100, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, December 8, 1862.

IV. The attention of company commanders is called to the requirements of the above-quoted general orders. By falling to account for clothing received by them for issue to their men they render themselves liable to be charged with its value, and a stopPAGEof their pay to the amount.

V. From and after the 1st of February, 1864, instead of supplying company commanders with clothing for their men, officers of the Quartermaster's Department's will issue to the soldier upon the requisition of his immediate commanding officer.

VI. In making payments to soldiers upon descriptive lists, officers of the Quartermaster's Department will be careful to indorse thereon the amounts paid and the tie for which they have been paid, returning the same to them for delivery to their company commanders and filing with their accounts a certified copy thereof.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

UNOFFICIAL.] ATLANTA, February 4, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, m

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have recently taken the liberty of attending several public meetings, which I have addressed on the subject of furnishing men and provisions for the Army. I have done so without

