
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES, MISSISSIPPI,
Enterprise, October 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I addressed a communication to His Excellency Governor Charles Clark on the 19th of September ultimo in regard to his General Orders, No. 39, caling into the State service for six months volunteers from the reserve classes and men of military age (viz, from eighten to forty-five), and received for answer his communication dated 20th of September, which I telegraphed to the Department on the 2d of October, to which I have as yet received no reply. I have the honor now to inclose for your information of my actions in the premises both my note to the Governor and his reply. * This action of the Governor has virtually arrested the volunteer enrollment of the reserves and the conscription of the men of the military age. All are rushing into the State organization, greatly to the deteriment of the service. It has come to my knowledge, unofficially, that the Govenor alleges that he has an understanding with the War Department on the subject, and his action is sanctioned. Lieutenant-General Taylor stated to me that in an interview with Governor Clark he said to the Governor that it was a matter of no consequence who got these forces out so that they were placed under the command of the departmental commander. In consequence of this remark of the lieutenant-general, I have not interposed further in opposition to the Governor's proceedings, although I dissent from the general's views; forthis organization will be a very weak one, composed of men who have been skulking from the service under the State laws. Amenable to their own courts-martial, composed of the same class of men, their decisions accord with the general feeling of the men and officers. No punishment inflicted and no discipline and order kept up, the men going and coming when they please, I fancy the organization will be but little better than an armed mob. As they are not ametable to the Confederate courst-martial, the generals cannot enforce discipline or order, and disaster and disgrace will result when they are brought into the field. These observations I most respesctfully submit and ask your instructions.

I have the honor, general, to be, with great regard, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Will you prepare an appropriate letter explaining the laws and the obligations of the Department under it in relation to these militia?

J. A. SEDDON.

---------------

*Inclosures not found, but see Brandon to Cooper, October 2, p. 710

---------------

