
as their agent in procuring the Federal currency necessary to their operations. *

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Surg. Gen. S. P. Moore; Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance; Robert Ould, esq., Agent of Exchange; Major Gen. J. F. Gilmer, chief Engineer Bureau; Colonel I M. St. John, chief Niter and Mining Bureau; Colonel L. B. Northrop, Commissary-General.)

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, October 20, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to send you the inclosed paper for your inspection, and to ask it sreturns. + General Orders, No. 73, were issued on the 22d of September. This is the first and with one exception the only paper received at this Bureau from the conscription service in Virginia since that date. From this fact and from the purport of the indorsement of General Kemper I infer that that officer regards the matter of conscription in Virginia as removed from control of this Bureau. Regarding this Bureau as a part of the war Office designated by you for supervision, directing and controlling the matter of conscription in Virginia, as elsewhere, and finding that the general commanding reserve forces of Virginia, as elsewhere, and finding that the general commanding reserve forces of Virginia apparently takes a different view, I beg, respectfully, to ask your instruction.

First. Are the operations of conscription for the State of Virginia to be continued under the supervision, direction, and control of the Bureau? If so, to what extent?

Second. Is the commandant of conscripts for Virginia (now Colonel Shields) and other enrolling officers to be held at the disposition of and their duties dictated by the general commanding reserves or by this Bureau?

Third. Are the cases of conscription and the matter heretofore considered and acted on by this Bureau to be continued to be so acted on, or is the whole policy and execution of conscription to be administered by the general commanding the reserves in Virginia, reserving this Bureau as the clerical channel between that officer and the Secretary of War?

As an accurate understanding on these points is rendered necessary to the public service by the failure to receive returns concerning the progress and manner of conscription in Virginia, I most respectfully ask your early instruction on the points submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respbedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

SELMA, October 20, 1864.

Lieut. Gen. R. TAYLOR,

Comdg. Dept. Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have read the letter of the president of Alabama and Tennessee Rivers Railroad and the indorsement thereon of General

---------------

*See also Special Orders, No. 251, paragraph IX, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, October 22, 1864, Series I, VOL. XLII, Part III, p. 1159.

+Inclosure not found and not otherwise indetified.

---------------

