
his orders. The confusion, misapprehensions, and misunerstandings in the conscription service result solely from General Orders, No. 73, being construed in Virginia as transferring all control over or connection with that service from the Bureau of Conscription to the general commanding the reserve forces. My belief is that neither the President, you, nor any other competnt authority ever intendend such transfer. The experience in Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida was too recent and too sad to warrant a return to that fatal system. Trusting you will give due credit to one who by no possibility can have any other interest than the public service in submitting this statement, and humbly and earnestly recommending that you use the reot to control, conscription.

I am, with high and cordial respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

N. B. -I venture to offer a prograamme for a general order which may meet the case in hand.

[OCTOBER 22, 1864. -For Cobb to Seddon, relating to the arrangement between Governor Brown and General Beauregard with reference to the Georgia militia, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 764.]

CIRCULAR.
 CONSCRIPT OFFICE, No. 70.
 Richmond, October 22, 1864.

In the execution of Circulars 66 and 69, current series, from this office, the following instructions are transmitted for your information and guidance:

SECTION 1. In aggregating slaves of an owner from which an impressment is to be made in the ration prescribed-namely, of one in five-you will include all able-bodied domestic or house servants between the ages specified, but no slave employed exclusively as a domestic or house servant will be taken as one of the impressed slaves.

SEC. 2. The term 'slave" will be construed as applicable as well to female as to made servants, and all able-bodied female servants between the ages specified wil be included in the aggregate of one's slaves, care being taken, however, to impress in each case male slaves in fulfillment of the circulars above referred to.

SEC. 3. Whilst the orders governing impressments expressly prohibit the impressment of domestic or house servants and does not contemplate the impressment of females, if does not prohibit their being counted in the aggregate form which male slaves only will be impressed in the prescribed ratio.

SEC. 4. Enrolling officers are enjoined to execute these orders with diligence and promptness, patricularly observing that the object, leangth of employment, and disposition made of the slave impressed under each circular is separate and distinct.

SEC. 5. The advisory boards will be charged with the execution of Circular 69 from this office in the respective counties, and the slaves impressed under said circular will be reported to Captain W. H.

