
Fry, adjutant of the post at Camp Lee, furnishing in the case of each slave his appraised value, descriptive list, and name of owner.

By order of Lieut. Colonel J. C. Shields, commandant:

JAS. H. BINFORD,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

(To Local Enrolling Offices.)

SPECIAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSPT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 254.
 Richmond, October 25, 1864.

* * *

VII. The organization of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments of Georgia Reseves, as constituted by theorder of Major Gen. Howell Cobb, commanding, &amp;c., is hereby confirmed and made the action of the War Department. The organization of each of these regiments will date from the day on which its tents company was maustered into service.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, October 25, 1864.

General HOLMES:

DEAR SIR: Major Down informs me that you have instructed him that all applications for the detail of hands in factories working for the State must be submitted to Major Chisman. A portionof these applications have already receive the approval of the regular conscript authorities, including yourself. The others I now inclose for your approbation also, and desire to accompany them with an explanation.

Though I have heretofore submitted to apply for details for the State as other parties, I deny the right of the Government to seize any peson working for and in the employ of North Carolina in any department provided for by law. The Quartermaster-General, Lawton, has for a long time been endeavoring to force me to abandon the State's contract for furnishing its own troops, and every possible effort for this purpose has been resorted to. The last device was the attempt to conscribe the hands in all the factories which had contracts with the States and would not abandon them for Confederate contracts. More than one instance of an open and avowed attempt of this kind can be cited, long before the recent order revoking details. The order from Richmond directing these applications to be submitted to Major Chisman is, I have no doubt, a continuation of the same plan. I shall not submit to it. Whilst I am willing thar every man shall go and everything stop at the decisive hour, I am not willing that General Lawton should break down the State of North Carolina in this way and deprive her of the power to clother her armies in the field. Should these details therefore be unreasonably refused I shall have to try tilts with the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

