
[OCTOBER 27, 1864. -For Taylor to Beauregard, with reference to the militia laws of Alabama and the failure of the Legislature of that State to amend said laws; also referring to the status of the militia of Mississippi, see series I, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 855.]

AMERICAN HOTEL,

Richmond, October 28, 1864.

General PEMBERTON:

SIR: I had the honor to say to General Gardner by note yesterday that there were a number of Marylanders here, most of them old soldiers and exempts (all of them), who wish to render service as far as they are able, and that there are enough to work four guns of your permanent fortifications, perhaps a larger number, and thus relieve more active men whom you may require for other service. If you desire it, I will cheerfully raise a company of such men immediately and undertake to serve four guns of such a battery, and feel quite sure that the work will, if required, be faithfully done. I am not able to march about, and there are many of them holding positions which would make it necessary for them to be here except as duty required, but can be relied on when wanted. This, of course, to last only during the emergency existing.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. P. KANE.

[First indorsement.]

HDQRS. ARTILLERY DEFENSES, DEPT. OF RICHMOND,
October 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Honorable Secretary of War to know whether such a temporary organization as is proposed by Colonel Kane can be accepted for service with the artillery defenses.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,
October 31, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The delay in gettin ghe men toegether when required would probably make it too late for their services to be available. Could this difficulty be removed and Colonel Pemberton desires their service, I suppose they would be of advantage.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 12, 1864.

The propostion by Mr. Kane is to form a company for local defense and special service in heavy artillery, with the special provision that it will not be employed elsewhere than in General Pemberton's lines, and then only in emergency, to be composed of Marylanders not liable to service. Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, recommended.

By order:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

