
[Fourth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 20, 1864.

Retained for conference with the President.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

CIRCULAR.] RICHMOND, October 31, 1864.

It has been frequently represented by officers of this department in charge of the collection of supplies, and who have acquired experience in the working of the system, that the present practice of the commissioners appointed for the several States under the impressment law in changing every two months the shcedule prices of the artielcles of prime necessity, such as wheat, corn, &amp;c., tends not only greatly to embarrass the collection of supplies but also creates great dissatisfaction, for the following reasons:

Very many citizens, either from the best motives or because they are more accessible to our armies by railraod or other transportation, sell their surplus or have it impressed at an early period, and for that reason at a lower price, while those who act on less patriotic impulses, or whom, from accidental causes, are more remote and inaccessible, by retaining their suprlus to a later period of the season obtain thereby the advaqntage of a change of the schedule prices and thus frequently a much larger price than those who sold earlier in the season. By this means a premium is given to withhold the supplies and fair cause of complaint afforded those citizens who, eithe from patriotic motives or for other reasons, have sent forward, or have been compelled to part with, their surplus at the lower price.

It is respectfully suggested to the commissiones of the States east of the Mississippi River that it would be much fairer to the citizens and of decided advantage to the Government to fix a price for the articles of prime necessity, at least for the harvest yerar, which should remain unchanged by them during that period. In fixing the price the commissioners might have reference to what, in their judgment, would be the price six months after the commencement of the harvest hus fixed might give assurance in the published shcedule that it would not be increased.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

(To H. K. Burgwyn, Garysburg, N. C. ; Ro. V. Blackstock, Stocksville, N. C. ; J. J. McRae, esq., bucatunna, Miss. ; W. W. Mason, Tuskegee, Ala. ; John Finlayson, commissioner for Florida, Tallahasseee, Fla. ; G. D. Moore, Brookville, Miss. ; Alfred M. Martin, Brighton, S. C. ; U. B. Wilkinson, Newnan, Ga. ; B. F. Perry, esq., Greenville, S. C.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 31, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB,

Commanding, &c., Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 22d, * relative to the arrangement made between General Beauregard and Governor Brown

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 764.

---------------

