
in regard to the miliia of Georgia. The course pursued in reference to the detailed men in the militia is approved, and considered under the circumstances the best line of action to be adopted. Should, however, the militia be recalled from active service the Confederate claim on the detailed men must be asserted.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 83.
Richmond, Va., November 1, 1864.

I. All soldiers hereafter furloughed at department or army headquarters, or at hospitals, by reason of disability resulting from wounds or sickenss, will rejoin their commands at the expiration of the time originally allowed, unless, in the opinion of a medical examining board, their condition is not such as to permit them to make the journey without serious detriment to their health. All now absent are requiede to return at the expiration of their present furloughs, except those unable to travel. The certificate required above will be promptly forwarded to the company commanders.

II. General commanding reserve forces in the several States are charged with the execution of this order. They will cause to be collected and forwarded without delay totheir respective commands all men who come within the provisions of the preceding paragraph, that they may be discharged, retire, d or assigned toa ctive or light duty, as circumstances may justify.

III. Paragraph VII, General Orders, No. 48, current series, is thus amended:

Officers of the Quartermaster's Department failing to return th sacks in which grain is received from the quartermaster will be charged $3 for every one not returned.

IV. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 74, 1862, is so modified as to require the enforcement of the conscript act in the Department of Southwestern Kentucky.

V. Condidates for appointment to the position of military storekeeper in the ordnance Department will hereafter be subject to such examination, prior to appointment, as may be prescribed by the Chief of Ordnance.

VI. Commanders of cavalry regiments or battalions will require company commanders to keept a descriptive roll of all horses in their companies, noting all changes which are made amongst them by casualties or other causes, as they occur.

VII. Every horse borne upon the descriptive roll will be treated as public property, so long as forage and the 40 cents a day are drawn from the Government. No soldier will be permitted to ride his horse, except in the discharge of public duty, or to sell or exchange him, except to secure one more serviceable, such suepriority to be determined and certified by the company officers present for duty, and the fact noted upon the descriptive roll. Such sales or exchanges, however, are strictly forbidden between cavalrymen of the same or different commands.

VIII. Brigade inspectors, in making inspections, will examine these descrptive rolls, observing that they accurately describe the number and distinguishing marks of the horses. Where they discover horses to have been used for private purposes, or disposed of

