
interfering with my official duties, as I have only gone to such points as I could reach and return within two days.

From these interviews with the people I have learned some important and encouraging facts which I have thought would not be uninteresting to you. In the first place, I am satisfied that the supply of meat in the country is much beyond what I had supposed it would be informed citizens have been greatly at fault in estimating the quantity of meat that could be got in their immediate neighborhood.

The people need information as to the wants of the Army and the necessity of economy, sacrifices, and energy on their part. If they could be addressed in the right way in every county in the Confederacy, I have no doubt that provisions enough could be got to feed our whole Army, though we got no meat from abroad.

The members of e nothing else to do could render incalculable aid in this matter if they could be induced to make the right kind of addresses to the people. Better, though, that they should stay at Richmond doing nothing than to transfer to public meetings their wrangling and complaining. That is not what is wanted; we have enough of that without their assistance. The other important fact that I have learned is that our resources of men are far beyond what I had supposed.

In illustration of this fact let me mention some statements made to me. You are aware that under the militia law of the last Legislature the Governor was directed to enroll all our men between sixteen and sixty who are not subject to conscription or in the Confederate service. In one county the State enrolling officer says that his rolls will show that there are more men now in the county between the ages of eighteen and forty-five than have been sent from the county to the war, though the county has done as well as other counties in the State. I could not believe the statement, but he insists it is so, and refers to the details, the mechanics, exempts of all kinds, and counts up large numbers certainly. In another county the State enrolling officer (who I know very well) informed me that he had enrolled 900 men (not including three companies of Georgia State Guard), and that one-half of them were fit for nay military service and another fourth fit for local duty. In another district, including three counties, the enrolling officer has now on his rolls over 2,000 men.

I give you these facts as interesting and encouraging evidence of the great resources of our country. It only requires to be brought out, and the best mode of doing it is the great question of the hour. Much-very much-can be done in the way I have suggested if the men capable of arousing the people can be induced to undertake the work.

I regret that I differ so widely from the policy you have determined upon for filling up the Army, but it will not affect my conduct. I shall labor as hard to carry it out as I should have done to carry out my own policy. I must repeat, however, that I think it was a fatal mistake not to allow the formation of new organizations. If that policy had been adopted I believe I could have raised an army in Georgia of 10,000 men. As it is, you will get not one-fifth that number, and them of dissatisfied and discontented men.

It is, however, nor too late, and my duty and pleasure will be to labor the more earnestly to overcome difficulties and aid in filling up the Army.

With sentiments of sincere regard, your friend,

HOWELL COBB.

