
in violation of orders, they will note the facts upon the inpection report, with the names of the company commaners permitting it, and of the soldiers so offending, sending up charges against all, with the view to theri trial by court-martial.

IX. Horses forfeited under the action of General Orders, Nos. 53 (act 26) and 55, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of 1864, may be purchased, after appraisement, for the benefit of owners by deserving cavalrymen who have lost their horses by the casualties of battle.

X. Inspectors will report on their "inspection reports," for transfer to the infantry, all men found dismounted through their own carelessness, of whose horses may have been rendered unserviceable by neglect or hard usage upon other than public service.

Descriptive roll of animals belonging to company-, regiment-brigade-, division-.

DESCRIPTION OF ANIMAL.

To whom	 Heights	 Color. 	 Disting	 Mare. 	 Horse. 	 Remarks

horse	 . 	 	 uishing	 	 	 .

belongs	 	 	 marks.

.

A. B.	 15 hds.	 Sorrel.	 Star in

. . 	 	 . 	 frehead

, &amp;c.

XI. The following is substituted for paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 73, current series, which is hereby revoked:

All applications for exemption and detail will be transmitted to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription for decision. The office of Congressional district enrolling officer is abolished, and reports and returns of the commandants of conscripts will be made to the Bureau of Conscription, and a copy of each will also be furnished to the generals of reserves. An officer may be assigned to duty in each Congressional district by the generals of reserves as inspector of conscription.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., November 1, 1864.

Lieut. Colonel J. C. SHIELDS,

Commandant of Conscripts, Richmond, Va.:

(Through Major-General Kemper, commanding reserves.)

SIR: The secretary of War directs that all persons coming from the counties of Princess Anne and Norfolk and Norfolk City to enter the military service of the Confederacy be allowed unrestricted selction of the companies to which they may be respectively assigned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

