
[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES, VIRGINIA, November 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Bureau of Conscription.

Numerous orders and communications are being addressed by the Bureau to my subordinate, Colonel Shields, through myself; others, directly to Colonel Shields.

It is submitted that the Bureau cannot direct its orders to an officer expresly placed under my direction without contravening the orders of the War Department and the regulations of the Army in regard to correspondence.

All communications and orders affecting the business of conscription in this State should be addressed to the officer conducting that business, and not to any of his subordinate.

J. L. KEMPER,
Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, November 29, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted to the Secretary of War, whose attention is invited to the fact that the order, the form of transmission of which is objected to, purports to be and is by order of the Secretary of War, and is sent through Major-General Kemper.

If the custom of armies be accepted as the interpretation of regulations, tehre is no violation of those regulations of courtesy or etiquete in addressing an order from the supreme authority to the officer who is to execute it, provided, as in this case, his immediate superiors are duly informed by transmitting the order through them.

Acting on this custom, this Bureau since its institution has daily transmitted papers through General Lee, Beauregard, Johnston, and others, and through the generals of reserves to officers under their orders. This is the first protest against the practice received at this Bureau.

It is believed the practice is customary in the field, and certainly that the largest portion of the correspondence of the War Department is so transmitted.

This Bureau entertains no desire and has manifested no purpose of passing by General Kemper in the promulgation of the orders of the Secretary of War. On the contranry, peculiar caution has been exercised in its correspondence with that officer to avoid departures from special courtesy - a caution not demanded by the tone of correspondence with generals of reserves in other States.

Under paragraph XI, General Orders, No. 83, this Bureau is not prepared to admit that the commandant of conscripts for the State of Virginia is the subordinate of the general of reserves. Under that paragraph the commandant is directly responsible to this Bureau in matters similar to that to which this paper refers. Instruction on this point respectfully asked.

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

