
CAMP IN INTERNCHED LINE, Near Mobile, Ala., November 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: We, the undersigned, were appointed a committee on the part of the officers and men of what was known as Lockhart'sb attalion, and now as the First Regiment Alabama Reserves, to prefer the following petition: That the regiment with its present organization be transferred to Provisional Army, C. S. We would not feel justified in presenting this petition if the companies of this organization had been organized and mustered into the service under the "act to organize a reser corps. " But inasmuch as eight companies were organized and mustered into the service by and with the authority of General Pillow before it was even known that the act referred to above was in contemplation, and inasmuch as the young men of this regiment voluntarily entered the service without regard to State lines months before, and many of them years before they were liable to military duty, we feel that it is our duty and but justice to them to make every effort and employ all the means in our power to have the regiment with its present organization transferred to the Provisional Army, C. S. Relying on a general order from Brigadier-General Pillow, the then chief of the Bureau of Conscription in the States of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, that the boys entering these organizations (the companies the raising of which he had authorized) should not be conscribed, the officers proceeded to organize the several companies. By an order from Governor Watts these unattached companies were organized into a battalion by the election of field officers on application recommended by the Governor. The battalion organization was accepted by the War Department, and ordered (contrary to the expectation of all) to report to Major-General Withers as a part of the Reserve Corps of the State. Even then, relying on the ambiguty of the phrase "as a part of," and the assurance of the Governor that the intention of the War Department had been misapprehended by us, and that they will go organized as one body (that is, into the Confederate service), we went to the field believing that our gallant boys would never be troubled by conscprition. Besides, the officer, acting in good faith, had as an inducement to them to enter the service assured those youths that they would never be conscribed. They entered the service voluntarily, and as previously stated, before the enactment of the law establishing a Reserve Corps; they have cheerfully undergone the harships incident to the serivce; they have braved the danger of battle, parts of four companies now being prisoners of war; they have acquired an esprit de corps, an attachment to their present organization, and we would respectfully submit that it would be a humiliation entirely unnecessary,-and not demanded by the exigencies of the service, to subject them to the disgrace of cosncription. We think it proved beyond doubt that the voluntary service of our enthusiastic young men, subjected to the requisite drill and discipline, is far superior to the unwilling service rendered by conscripts, and we therefore respectfully ask if the War Department can expect as efficient service from these young men when forced into other commands as it now has in a command to which they are attached? In addition to the above the officers (many of them wounded, and in part disabled men from the armies of Virginia and the Southwest) neve for once entertained the idea that they were organizing a moving "camp of instruction" for the enrolling officer.

