
They further respectfully submit that they cannot hope to fill up the ranks of the regiment if depleted by continual drafts, nor can they expect to maintain that high standard of drill and discipline which they flatter themselves they have attained.

In consideration of thea bove facts, and without citing as precedents the reception of other regiments organized at and after the same time of our organization, we respectfully ask that the regiment be allowed to take its place in the Army of the Confederate States and be numbered in the regular series of the regiments from Alabama.

We are, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. HUGER,

Colonel.

J. L. DAVIDISON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

JNO. W. PITTS,

Captain Company C.

J. L. WALTHALL,

Captain Company E.

W. C. WARD,

Captain Company A.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, DEFENSES OF MOBILE, November 3, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

B. M. THOMAS,
Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Mobile, November 4, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

DABNEY H. MAURY,
Major-General, commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVES, ALABAMA, Montgomery, November 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The two companies mentioned as added to the battalion to constitute the First Regiment were being raised under like orders with the other eight, but were not quite completed when the act of the 17th of February was passed. The date of actual organization constitutes the only difference. This regiment has certainly claims to consideration which cannot be preferred by any other portion of the reserves - the circumstances under which the companies were raised; their long service without pay; being officered by men of experience, eleven of whom have been wounded in the battles in Virginia; the assurances given them bi high State official and Confederate officers, and the heretofore quasi recognition of them by the Government in their regiment would be greatly strengthened by granting this petition, and good service can certainly be expected of it.

J. M. WITHERS,
Major-General, commanding.

