
[Fourth indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, November 8, 1864.

At my instance this command was ordered by the President to be received with this organization, and it was required to report to General Withers. (See my letter of the 27th of April to President Davis.) In response to his letter the President directed the organization to remain. It would be injustice to the men adn officers to permit any to be conscribed, especially when the wish to go into the service as great harm, and produce great dissatisfaction with the best people of the State.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[Fifth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 25, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Lockhart's battalion was composed originally of eight companies, consisting chiefly of youths under eighteen years of age. Nothing has been found in the correspondence of this office to authorize the impression that the members who became liable to conscription would not be assigned to organizations existing prior to 16th of April, 1862. A letter to Major-General Withers dated July 6, 1864, returned the muster-rolls of five companies, that the ages might be entered, and stated that if they were under eighteen they composed part of the reserves under his command, but that those under eigtheen must not be mustered for general service, as they would, on attaining that age, become liable to assignment to companies organized prior to 16th of April, 1862. Another letter to General Withers dated July 11, 1864, authorized the retention of the officers between eighteen and forty-five, stating that it was an exceptional case. Major-General Withers had added to the eight companies two others, organized in like manner and from like material. He advises that the petition be granted and the present organization pereserved. Governor Watts, of Alabama, urges the same view. The papers are submitted to the Secretary of War for instructions, inasmuch as the application is specially indorsed by the Governor of Alabama.

By order, &amp;c.:

JNO. BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, November 2, 1864.

General T. H. HOLMES:

GENERAL: In conformity with your request I inclose you a list* of the classes of persons whom I have claimed as necessary State officers and agents to be exempt from conscription, together with a copy of a joint resolution* of the Legislature as the authority for my claim. To these I only desire to add that I claim any and all persons in the actual employ of the State in any department where the law enjoins

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

