
duties to be done which require the employment of such persons. Without such power to employ any needful agents no department of this Government could be carried on for a moment, and the State would be shorn of its sovereignty and crippled in all its operations. Since our conference on this subject you will have learned of the decision of our supreme court in Johnston vs. Mallett, in which it is laid down as law that my certificate in behalf of an officer is not material; that all officers and agents provided by the Constitution or the laws made in pursuance hereof are, without regard to any action of the Congress, exempt from conscription. I regard this as setting the whole question, and shall be governed by it accordingly. Feeling as deeply interested in the filling up of our armies as any one can be, I have only to say conclusion, that it shall be my purpose to aid you by filling, as far as possible, all the deaprtments under my control with non-conscripts, and turning over all able-bodied men who can be spared.

Very respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESREVE, NORTH CAROLINA, Raleigh, November 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Bureau of Conscription.

TH. H. HOLMES,
Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, November 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War for his information.

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superitendent.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 9, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Have you seen or heard of the decision referred to? It would involve an awkward relation to these employes. I am bound, am I not, to act upon the conscript law without reference to these State decision? and yet the result would be conflict. What do you advise?

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have not see the decision referred to, but it corresponds with one made by Chief Justice Pearson last spring, in the case of one Russell (I think that is the name), who was conscribed by General Whiting. Governor Vances pressses the decision beyond its limits when he claims all the employes and agents, &amp;c. The decision, in my opinion, is erroneous, as militating against that supremacy which the Constitution ordains in respect to the legislation of the Confederate States in the subjects committed to them.

Respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

