
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 3, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: The operations of the War Department since the date of my last report embrace in their scope the events of the present campaign, which at that time had not been fully opened, and which has not yet been brought to a close; also, the measures instituted for the increase, organization, equipment, and supply of the Army under the laws adopted at the last session of the First Congress. The importance of the elections to occur within the United States during the present year, the condition of theif finances, and a growing discontent among their people because of the duration of the war, induced a belief that their executive and military authorities would prosecute the campaign with extraordinary vigor and seek to render it decisive and final. Nor has this anticipation been disappointed. In the winter and spring the enemy collected a larger body of men than he had before assembled in the field, who were commanded by this favorite generals. His fleets were enlarged, and their armaments embraced all the improvements that naval architercture has discovered. His arms and equipments were of t he most impved moded, and whatever was required for the success of the campaign was supplied with lavish profusion. He opened the campaign by an attempt to obtain command over the State bordering on the Gulf of Mexico. He invaded Florida, set on foot an expedition to sweep through Mississippi and to effect the capture of Mobile, and he penetrated with formidable armies to the western limits of Louisiana to establish his dominion over the State. The success of these enterprises was expected to give him a firm hold upon these States and to enable him to concentrate all his energies upon the campaigns in Virginia and Georgia. But these invasions were defeated or repelled. My last report communicated the victories obtained in Florida and Northt relieved Alabama and Florida fromt he invader, and I have now to announce a series of brilliant triumphs obtained by our arms in Louisiana and Arkansas, commencing with the signal victories of Mansfield and Pleassant Hill, and extending into the interior of Missouri, where our victorious troops were at the date of our latest information. Almost the entire Trans-Mississippi Department enjoys security and repose, and the troops, long engaged with invaders there, may now, as in part they already are, be employed in formidable offensive operations. But the primary object of the enemy was to effect the capture of Richmond and the defeat and dispersion of the armies of Northern Virginia and Tennessee. He assembled his main army for this purpose in April last on the Rappahannock, under General Grant. Another was collected on the Peninsula, under command of General Butler, to co-operate on the south side of Richmond. A third was designed to penetrate to the James River through the Valley of Virginia, and the forces in Western Virginia and Kentucky were to cross the mountains and join it on its march.

It is believed that more than 200,000 troops were combined for the execution of this plan in April last, and that from 50,000 to 100,000 men have since been added as re-enforcements. The army of General Grant was met at the Wilderness on the 5th of May last and defeated; it was encountered with the same result ast Spotsylvania Court-House, on the Po, the North Anna, and at Cold Habor, after which it abandoned its march on Richmond and crossed the James River to

