
form a junction with General Butler near Petersburg. This army of General Butler had landed on the south side of the James River, at Bermuda Hundred, early in May, to co-operate with the army of General Grant, which was expected to arrive before Richmond in a short time. On the 16th day of May this army met with a defeat at Drewry's Bluff, and was confined to its intrenchments from that time until it was joined by the army of General Grant.

The army of General Sigel, designated for the invasion of the Valley of Virginia, was defeated at New Market in May last, and the troops from Western Virginia driven from the valley of the upper Roanoke about the same time. At a later period these armies were united under General Hunter, and after a successful march up the Valley of Virginia, were encountered by General Early at Lynchburg and driven to the Ohio River. General Early, finding Washington City and Baltimore exposed, passed through the Valley, defeating all opposing forces, crossed into Maryland, and penetrated to the suburbs of Washington City and Baltimore. The cavalry raids of Sheridan and Wilson were defeated, and the attempts to permanently obstruct our communications have failed. The campaign projected by General Grant which such mighty preparation has been frustrated, and if he depended alone upon the means that were provided and were deemed to be superabundant, his failure would be absolute. But a proclamation has been made for the drart of 500,000 men by the President of the United States to recruit his defeated and dispirited army and we cannot yet claim security or quiet.

In the great central State of Georgia the campaign opened about the same time, but operations have been so far less favorable to our arms. Preparation had been there made early to meet with adequate forces, exceeding the relative disproportion which has usually existed with all our armies, and repel the enemy on the threshold of the State, but prudence or strategy led the general intrusted with the conduct of the campaign to prefer a retreating and defensive line of action. In consequence our forces, thought not without, on several occasions, severely checking and punishing t, whenever venturing direct assault, were gradually maneuvered or pressed back toward Atlanta, the leading objective point of the campaign. When that important central point of union to various converging lines of communication had been nearly reached, and appeared about to be abandoned, a change was made in the commander, and a strenuous effort was made to hold and defend, by force of arms, this place, which had become more important in a political and moral than in a military view, from the significane the public of both sides had attached to its possession. It was bravely held for several weeks, and some successes, achieved with skill and valor, for a time seemed to assure to us its retention, when a hazardous movement of the enemy, which, with as much success to our arms as there was promititude in seizing the occasion by our commander, must have caused his ruin, resulting in victory, compelled our evacuation of the city and its occupancy by the enemy. This was left as a serious reverse, and caused some depression of feeling throughout the Confederacy, while it was hailed with unboundred acclamation and revided hopes by the enemy. For the time the loss of prestige and the political effects were unquestionably adverse to us, but results may show that its consequences were, on both sides, strangely misunderstood and exaggerated. It has liberated our army for offensive operations, while it has chained down our enemies to the tenure of a far inland position

