
of no real stragecial value since the breaking up of its railroad connections, in the midst of a hostile population, and to be sustained only by supplies drawn hundreds of miles by a single line of road. The opportunities presented by such a situation have been seized and used by our bold and enterprising leader with promptitude and energy. The communications of the enemy have been cut in many places. Our army in in his rear, and he, instead of resting securely behind the strong i his recent capture, is forced to come forth to encounter his skillful adversary on ground of his choice and where defeat is ruin to the enemy, only reverse to us.

Meantime the necessity for concentration by the enemy of his scattered forces for the invasion of Georgia compelled the relaxation of the bonds which ave restrained the patriotic desires of the loyal in Kentucky and Tennessee. In conseqence, in different portions of both States, with the encouragement of some little aid from an officer or company of our Army, the people are organizing and arming in force to repl their oppressors and hold their own country. In fact, at this time we have possession of larger portions of both States than at any period since they were overrun by the enemy, and by the indignities and wrongs of their domination they have roused all loyal people to stern defiance and the resolve never to submit. Should disaster overtake the army invading Georgia, the purising of the people behind him would probably be general, and the re-establishment of the permanent ascendancy of the Confederacy over those importance and abundant States be fully secured.

Shortly after the fall of Atlanta a series of disaster befell our troops in the Valley of Virginia and contributed to the discouragement then existing. But when we consider the events of the entire campaign - the brilliant achievements of our armies in Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri; the long, ardous, and successful resistance made by the Army of Northern Virginia, in which very virtue of an army and the genius of conscummate general-ship have been displayed; the glorious defense of Petersburg and Richmond; the numerous successes that ahve crowned our arms in Maryland, Virginia, Georgia, South Carolina, and Mississippi; the adventurous, bold, and effective efforts of our cavalry unde Hampton, Forrest, Lee, and others - we have cause for congrtulation and rejoicing. We have resisted the mightiest of the efforts of our enemies; we have encountered and defeated his largest and best appointed armies; we have thwarted his best-laid plans; we have shown ourselves to be worthy of that separate and equal place among the nations of the earth, which is our brithright, and which has been unjustly withheld from us.

The superintendence of the measures for the increase, organization, equipment, supply, and movement of the Army is devolved upon this Department. The acts of Congress of April and September, 1862, "to make further provision for the public defense," and the act of Congress in February last "to organize forces to serve during the war," contain the authority of the Department and designate the means for maintaining the efficiency of the Army as to men. The war upon the part of the Confederacy being defensive the proportions it was to assume depended upon the character and extent of the means employed by the enemy for its prosecution. His scheme for the prosecution of the war was to overcome all opposition by the magnitude of his armies and the superiority of their supply and equipment. Referring to the census tables, he estimated the arms-bearing population

