
of the Confederate States, accessible to their control in any form to be less than 1,000,000 men. He determined to place forthwith in the military and naval service some 700,000 and thus to compel the Confederacy to put in requisition its entire strength; and since 1861 he has strained very nerve to maintain his armies at the same standard as to numbers. He has recruiting agencies throughout the continent of Europe, and he has enlisted men from the negroes of this continent, it is said, some 200,000 soldiers. It is evident, therefore, that to carry on the contest the Confederacy was compelled to put its entire resources in requisition. The acts of Congress of 1862, before mentioned, contain the principle that in a struggle involving the being of a nation every citizen may be assigned to that position and to perform that duty in which he can render best service. The exemption acts of 1862 and 1863, which followed the acts of conscription, do not contradict this principle. They were-designed to effect such an organization of the industry of the States as to enable us to defend ourselves with our own resources. Cut off from the commerce of the world, and destitute as we were at the beginning of the war of magazines and arsenals from which to draw supplies, it became apparent that our safety depended upon the activity and success with which our internal resources could be developed for use. There was an imperious necessity for a protection to manufacturing, mechanical, and mining enterprises, and for the devotion of agricultural industry to the production of subsistence for the Army and people. The exemption acts of 1862 and 1863 were liberal in the promotion of this policy, and the Confederacy has derived from them the most beneficial results. Notwithstanding the embarrasment and obstruction that follow upon the use of a depreciated currency, and that much of the territory of t he Confederacy has undergone the devastation of war, an adequate supply of provisions has been obtained for the Army. The mobility of our armies has been maintained by the aid extended to railroads; the manufacturing establishment have supplies a large portion of the clothing for soldiers, and the mechanical, mining, and manufacturing industry employed upon the production of arms and munitions of war have enabled us to conduct our campaigns with security and confidence. We have been enabled to compete with a nation of artisans and mechanics, whose invention and skill have been stimulated by the munificent bounty of their Government. Nor were these results achieved by any sacrifice, nor even detriment to the claims of the armies in the field. The muster and pay rolls of the armmies show that through the campaigns of 1862 and 1863, if any undue diminution is discernible, it was due to desertion and absenteeism more than to any deficiency in the recruiting system that had been adopted. But it cannot be disguised that the duration of this war for more than three years, and the unparalled largenesions, and the sanguinary nature of the warfare, have become manifest in the official returns of our armies and of the recruiting service. The acts of Congress during the last winter contain admissions of the fact. They provide in no indistinct terms for the contingency that was anticipated shortly to occur, when the capacity of our people to contribute further recruits to the Army would be more heavily taxed than at any former period. The regulation that discharged a principal who had furnished a substitute was abrogated and the principal was required to return to the Army. The bureau service was curtailed in its efficiency by the withdrawal of men able to perform duty in the field and their places to be supplies by the disabled, feeble, and invalid. A large portion of

