
the exemptions were repealed, and details were limited to cases of public necessity or State expediency or confined to experts and persons of skill and craft. The Department was unable to execute the law as soon as it was promulgated without deranging all branches of the service and seriously crippling the operations of the armies in the field. The dependence of those armies upon the departments of supply for efficiency and vigor is too intimate to allow of any abrupt or incautious distrubance of their operations. The reduction in their service to the standard required by the act of Congress was, however, progressing regularly in such mode as to assure against any shock or arrest to essential operations. But the urgency of the fiel service, the thinning of our own ranks under the casualties and sufferings of the campaign, and above all, the call of the enemy for 500,000 recruits and the extraordinary efforts they were making to assemble overpowering hosts on every arena, but especially before and for the capture of our Capital, demanded that all available means should be promptly employed to increase the numbers and efficiency of our Army. It became necessary not only temoval to the Army of those whom the act referred to had proposed to withdraw from their employment in the administrative branches of the service, but also to extend the call to all others liable to conscription for active service. The late legislation of Congress, while subjecting classes before exempt to service, had given a large discretion of detail, and had manifested a deisre for the liberal allowance of such, with a view to maintain the agriculture, manufactures, and industrial operations of the country. This discretion had been used as far as seemed, at the time, compatible with the demands of the active service, and had withheld for these important ends considerable numbers not exempts from our armies. It has been, in view of the forces mustered against us, deemed necessary to revoke all such details, and to enforce rigidly the laws of conscription limiting to men capable only of light duty and to reserves employment in the departments of the public service, and thus to liberate for the field all liable to such duty, except skilled artisans, experts, and men of science, and a few others actually indispensable for the maintenance and supply of the armies. By subjecting all others rigidly and promptly to the obligation of active service which the law imposes, it is believed very considerable re-enforcements of the most efficient material are being afforded to our armies. In addition, the law allowing the acquisition, even by impressment if necessary, of 20,000 able-bodied male slaves, for employment with the armies as teamsters, cooks, and the like, is being enforced, and the substitution of such will allow the recall to the ranks of many valuable men who have heretofore been detailed for such incidental service.

The reserves, too, consisting of those between seventeen and eighteen and those between forty-five and fifty years of age have been organized under a commander for each State, and where the State has been invaded have been called into active service. They have been found an efficient force to supply guards to cities and public works, and for the large number of prisoners in our hands, and also as defenders of bridges, roads, and important points, and have thus liberated for the field many soldiers who must otherwise have been drawn from the active armies. On several occasions, too, portions of them have been thrown with the armies in the field as active auxiliaries. So far, whenever tried, they have exhibited the characteristic

