
valor and aptitude of our people for military life, and have compared well with their veteran comrades in constancy and conduct.

These various measures, sanctioned by existing legilsation, must materially increase and reinvigorate our depleted armies, but it is not to be deisguised that they must stillhave those armies relatively weak to encounter the hosts being summoned by the enemy for our subjugation. Signs of exhaustion and despair of success were, until some late unhappy reverses to our arms, plainly manifested by our malignant foes, and this is probably the last grant effort their means or resolution will allow for their war of aggression and conquest. It should be met and overcome by the early and full command of all our men and means, and for this additional legislation is required. It is my deliberate conviction, more than once expressed in former reports, that the policy of exemptions to those capable of military service is unwise and that all men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five capable of bearing arms should, without distinction of occupation or profession, be subjected to service and called to the field. The few indispensable exceptions for the needs of society and the supply of the Army might be readily and more conveniently provided by details. Exemptions by classes necessarily cover many not actually demanded by society for the needs that, on the average, may have given plausibility to the exceptions, and such exceptions, besides inducing invidous feelings and dissatisfaction, compel a discremination in the call for service which both delays and measurably defeats its full accomplishment. It is therefore urgently recommended that all exemptions except of officers actually essential to the conduct of the Confederate and State governments be abolished, and all of the military age, physically capable, without distinction or discrimination, be at once devoted to the sacred duty of defending their country in the field. They would probably constitute as large a draft for continuous service in the field as the intersts of society would allow, but it is not doubted that, with the aid of our slaves, those beyond and below the ages prescribed for active service, with the large number of thoese fit only for light duty, and the partially disabled by service, would suffice adequately to maintain necessary production and supply, both for the armies and the people.

With a view to the increase of our armies in the field, the policy has been suggested, and has attracted some public attention, of enlisting our negro slaves as soldiers. No compunction could be felt in so using them, for deeply as the whites of the South are interested in repelling the invasion, and forever liberating themselves from the association or thraldom of our enemies, the negroes of the Sourth are evenmore vitally concerned. With the whites it is a question of nationality, of honr, and property. With

the negroes, in its dread issues is no distant future, it is a question of their existence as a rahip of a people so selfish, cruel, and remorseless as our foes would be to the unhappy negro more fatal than to us their enmity. In contact with them, under their pretended freedom before the law, which in operation on an inferior race is but a license to greed and oppression, exposed to all the vices, without the providence of the civilized man, they must soon, in the language of a leader among their professed friends, "be trampled out as a sickly exotic" or wither away amid the blighting influences of debauchery, pauperism, crime, an disease. They have, besides, the homes they value, the families they love, and the masters they respect and depend on to

