
defend and protect against the saveragy and devastation of the enemy. No fear is entertained of their fidelity, for the feelings, as the interests of the great mass of the negroes have been conclusively manfiested to be with their protectors and masters. Neither is it doubted that, under the leadership of those whom they have been habituated and in whom they have confidence, they would exhibit more steadfastness and courage then they will ever attain as soldiers of the enemy. If any added incentive were required, from the supposed love of freedom natural to man, it might readily be afforded by the assurance of emancipation to all who conducted themselves with fidelity and courage during the war. For any such action it would, of course, require the concurring legislation of each State from the slave population of which the negro soldiers had been drawn, because to the States belong exclusively the determination of the relations which their colored population, or any part of them, shall hold. It is not doubted, however, should it be deemed expedient so to employ and reward slaves enlisted as soldiers, that the necessary legislation would be accorded, for there is no sacrifice of property or minor interests which would not be made by either our States or people to insure final separatioul foes and the achievement of our liberty and independence. While it is encouraging to know this recourse for further and future efforts is at our command, my own judgment does not yet either perceive the necessity or approve the policy of employing slaves in the higher duties of soldiers. They are confessedly inferior in all respects to our white citizens in the qualifications of the soldiers, and I have thought we have within the military age as large a proportion of our whole population as will be required or can be advantageously employed in active military operations. If, then, the negro be employed in the war, the inferior is preferred to the superior agent for the work. In such a war as this, waged againstf foes bent with malignant persistence on our destruction, and for all that man holds priceless, the most vital work is that of the soldier, and for it wisdom and duty require the most fitting workmen. The superior instrumentalities should be preferred. It will not do, in my opinion, to risk our liberties and safety on the negro, while the white man may be called to the sacred duty of defense. For the present, it seems best to leave the subordinate, labors of society to the negro, and to impose the highest, as now existing on the superior class.

The reserves might remain, as now consituted, for service throughout each State; but, in addition, it would seem expedient that all other white males capable of bearing arms, in even local service, should be organized and armed, ready to maintain the police of the country and to resist, within the limits of their counties or some restricted district contiguous thereto, the actual raids or invasions of the enemy. No serious interruptions would thus be caused to their industrial avocations or their relations to society, and yet a greater degree of security and confidence and a universal sentiment of patriotic self-devotion would be secured. In the war by malignant foes, who aim not merely against our national existence but at the institutions of our social system, at the property and means of subsistence of all, and contemplate nothing less than desolation to the country and expulsion or extinction of its inhabitants, al, of whatever age, have both interest and duty compelling them to stand to arms in defense, according to the measure of their ability. The country shoul be as one great camp and the whole people arranged in the most efficient military organizations compatible with the maintenance of the necessary works

