
and productions of society for unflinching resistance to the utmost extremity. The subjugation of a brave people so organized and resolved is an utter impossibility.

Some measures of legislation are believed to be expedient to maintian the number and increase the efficiency of the cavalry in the field. The policy of requiring the men to furnish their own horses was at all times doubtful, as while affording apparently and inducement to greater care of the animal, it interferes with discipline and impairs efficiency. It also causes, almost of necessity, the dismounting for long periods of those who, having lost horses, are unable to furnish them speedily or at all, and the absence, often on protracted furloughs, of the men who have sustained such losses to procure other horses. Under the wariness of protracted service and the eager longing for return home, which at times possesses even the best soldiers, this chance of a furlough is said to more than counteract the interest of ownership in the horse and to constitute a premiumon neglect or the allowance of casualties to disable their animals. A worse consequence, perhaps, is the tendency and temptation of the system to induce plundering and irregular modes of supplying themselves by the men. Those mounted are aware of the constant liability to the loss of their animals and of theexpense of replacing them, and are under constant inducement to obtain reserve horses or the means of purchasing them. Those dismounted are even more strongly stimulated by the inconveniences of their position and the danger of being transferred to less acceptable branches of the service to provide themselves, even by illegitimate means. These inducements are all enhanced by the limited class of casualties for which the value of the horse lost is repaid under present law, and the delays and embarrasments encountered in affording proof and obtaining payment. Horses are paid for, too, only at the valuations assessed at the time they are taken into service, and with the fluctuations in the value of our currency and the enhancement of prices resulting from the increasing scarcity of the proper horses, the value repaid is generally grossly inadequate. If the present system is to continue, it is indispensable that there should be wider range to the casualties in which the value is repaid, more liberality in the assessment of value, and greater facilities for prompt payment.

The class of men who constitute our cavalry, while among the most spirited and active of our citizens, are yet generally, from previous independent of life, most difficult to discipline and subject to sobordinate. Entering immediately on service, they have enjoyed few opportunities of previous drill or training, and from the detached and often irregular service in which they are frequently employed, they are much removed from the restraints and responsibilities of large commands. They are but too apt, therefore, while individually gallant and enterprising, to be wanting up organization, in discipline, and in the efficiency and reliability which should belong to trained trooops. Our cavalry have performed manyachievements of valor and utility, buth they have also, on occasions of treat importance, shown want of vigilance or constancy and caused disaster. These defects are believed to spring not from deficiencies in the men, b of selection and of training. It is believed it would be wiser that the cavalry should gradually of men picked from the trained and veteran soldiers for their peculiar qualifications, and that these should be mounted and equipped at the public expense. It might be made a penalty for the loss of their horses, through neglect

