
or any other than the inevitable casualties of war, that the men should be returned to the infantry service. This would probably be found more efficient than, under the present system, private ownership has proved to obviate neglect and secure due attention to the animals, while it would remove all inducement from self-interest to undue caution or escape under the legitimate hazards of war. There would be the certainty, too, that the men wre trained and disciplined and habituated to fight as infantry, which in many instances our cavalry, from the nature of the country or the like tacties of the enemy, are compelled to do. It is not doubted that in this way the superiority of our cavalry over that of the enemy could be permanently established.

It has been more than once heretofore urged by the Department that to maintain the number and efficiency of our Army organizations it was essential there should be some power of reducing and consolidating them. The depletion of many of the organizations during the late wasting and bloody campaign has made thismore than ever manifest. It is impossible adquately to recruit many of the reduced regiments and companies, especially those from the distant and trans-Mississippi States, and not a few are so thinned in their ranks as to cause despondency and inefficiency. There is necessarily, too, an undue proportion of officers to men, which adds to the expense while weakening the force of the Army. The evil is often so glaring that a remedy is obliged in some way to be applied. This is done, at the expense of subsequent embarrassments and confusion of legal rights, by the temporary union, by the authority of the general in the field, of fragementary companies or regiments, or more legally, though indirectly, under the sanction of the Department, by the disbandment of some depleted organizations and the assignment, as by conscription, of the men to some other. In such case, however, there is no chance of selecting the best officers of both organizations, but there is the injustice of depriving all the officers, however meritorious, of the one disbanded of their commissions. It would evidently be much more just and beneficial to the service that the power should exist to consolidate the two and retain the best officers of each. It is recommended the power be granted.

It has been mentioned that for the organization and control of the reserves a commander has been assigned in each State. They constitute a peculiar and auxiliary force, which yet cannot, it is thought, be justly deemed an independent army. Hence an embarrassment results, which demands the correction of legislation. They are not entitled to order and revise the proceedings of courts-martial, nor if a military court, as is authorized by law for each State, should be appointed could they have it attached to their commands or review its decisions. As the reserves are necessarily rather deficient in order and training, the restraint and influence of such tribunals are specially necessary for their control and subordination. It is probably not necessary to give any military court, or revision of the decision of any established for the States respectively, as the powr to appoint and revise the proceedings of courts-martial would suffice. Courts might then be constituted, to sit permanently, of disabled or invalid officers.

The condition of our gallant soldiers in the hands of the enemy continues to engage the solcitude and interest of the Department. The number of the captives on each side has been greatly swelled by the vicissitudes of the present fearful campaign, though the disproportion

