
heretofore existing against us has been byour superior successes greatly reduced, if not entirely overcome. It has been the constant desire and effort of the Department to effect exchanges on any principle of equity, and the opportunity has never been lost to make this known to the enemy and to obtain his concurrence. The obligations of the cartel and the faith pledged to its observance have been repeatedly invoked, but in vain. To such demands intimations were conveyed that the enemy would only agree to an exchange of man for man. So long as the enemy held, as they claimed, a superiority in the number of captives, it was seen that this mode of exchange would leave the surplus of our captive soldiers in their hands without, for the time, any adequate check on the inhumanity and cruetly theyhave been ever prone to exhibit toward such captives. Still, as the preponderance of numbers steadily diminished confidence increased that the prospect of speedy captures would soon enable us to check or avenge their malignity. This consideration, in aid of the powerful incentives, even more of humanity and gratitude than of interest, that urged any practicable effort for the relief and release of our imprisoned soldiers, induced us to overlook alike our just rights under the cartel and apprehensions of the probable ill-treatment of the surplus that might remain in the power of our vindictive foes, and to propose exchange on the very terms intimated as acceptable of man for man. The offer only afforded another illustration of the hypocrisy, faithlesenss, and inhumanity of the enemy, for it was soon made apparent that their professed willingness was but a pretext and a blind, and, while they expected the plan would not be acquiescedin, to conceal their own determination to make no general exchange. They have here and there consented to partial exchanges, generally effected between commanders in the field, but the Government appears to have deliberately adopted the remorseless and inhuman policy of enforcing the captivity, with all its attendant sufferings, of the prisoners on both sides during the war. They pay thus impliedly to our gallant soldiers the tribute of admitted superiority, while they exhibit to the unhappy victims from their Army their own ingratitude, and cruelty. One of their favorite commanders has not even hesitated to avow, with utter disregard of the claims of their captive soldiers on their consideration and protection, that, as the terms of service of many had expired, they were not to be regarded as subjects of equal exchange. It likewise appears taht, as they gloat over the idea of being able, by their blockade and devastation, to starve to submission a people whom they cannot subdue by arms, they calcuate, in utter indifference to the sufferings that may be entailed on their own captive soldiers, on the supplies which must be furnished them as an effective drain on our limited resources. Could we, indeed, be so straitened as they delude themselves into believing, how fearful must they expect to be the privations and sufferings of their soldiers in our hands, since they could not expect us to starve our gallant soldiers or people to nourish the malignant invaders who had sought to inflict on us the worst ills of war and famine. These captives would of course be the first unhappy victi which the barbarous warfare of their Government may cause. While no such suffering has yet been entailed on them, but, on the contrary, they have, through the humanity of our Government, been provided as our own soldiers, yet such privations as they have to share with them have been exaggerated by the enemy, in part from their delusive conceptions of our straitened condition, but more from the diligent invention of false

