
to the number and class of persons who have constituted the agents and employes of the several bureaus, and much unmerited odium and invidiousness has been excited by the erroneous supposition that these bureaus have afforded a refuge and a shield from the legitimate claims of military service. The aim has been steadily enjoined, and, it is not doubted, in the main has been strictly observed, of engaging and retaining as few as possible of military age, and with rare exceptions it is confidently believed the men now employed are rendering more efficient service to the cause than they could do even in the field. It should be thoroughly understood that only in the last necessity will they again be summoned or disturbed. The best vindication to these bureaus is afforded by the results attained under all the impediments and embarrassments they have had to encounter. All essential supplies have been afforded, and neither manufacture nor production has so far materially diminished, notwithstanding the invasions and barbarous raveges of the enemy in many most important fields of operation. The Army has been subsisted, cloted, and provided in adequate measure, and these has never been deficiency of transportation, munitions, or supplies for all important operations.

Owing to the absence of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on a visit in discharge of his duties to the Trans-Mississippi Department, his usual report cannot be submitted. Letters received from him by the Department give in the main satisfactory represntations of the feelings and condition of the Indian nations. From other sources, too, intelligence has been received of gallant services which have been rendered by their warriors during the present campaign, and there is every reason to believe taht at no time has prevailed among the nations a stronger feeling of amity and connection with the Confederate States.

Attention is invited to the accompanying estimates for the six months commencing January 1 and ending June 30, 1865, which, although large in the existing state of the currency, are not believed to exceed the demands of the service.

After the full exposition made in my last report of the embarrassments and obstrucions experienced from the disordered condition of our currency, the impracticability of purchases without impressment, and the deficient means of transportation and distribution, it is not deemed necessary to repeat them. Attention, however, is specially invoked to them, as they continue with increased and increasing stringency, and remedial legislation in some important particulars is every desirable. The impressment acts require revision and amendment. There are not sufficient provisions against the removal of property after notice of impressment, nor against its concealment before or after, nor is the course prescribed in case of the refusal of the owner to appoint appraisers as contemplated by law. The law is, in brief, without adequate sanctions to insure respect and enforcement. Special provisions should be made for the impressment of iron from railroads. In order to maintain the more important roads, and sometimes to construct others demanded by imperious military considerations, it is absolutely necessary to withdraw from local or branch roads their rails and equipments. Although such necessity may be manifest and acknoledged by all, it is rare the proporietors of the se property is thus sought to be appropriated are prepared to acquiesce in its selection for the sacrifice. Each local corporation finds abundant reasons for further delay or speical exemption in its own case, and on them base justification of refusal to seel and the interposition of all possible legal obstructions to

