
seizure by impressment. The machinery of the act is all adapted to the settlement of the questions that arise on such impressment, and pretexts are readily found by the corporation for obtaining injunctions and suspending all action on the proverbially tedious proceedings of a suit in chancery. Local influences combine, too, to thwart and delay action, and mroe than once the gravest consequences to the Confederacy have been risked by inability, at the juncture, to overcome such impediments and command the required rails. The impressment of slaves, too, should be regulated so as to secure uniformity in collection and to relieve the authorities from dependence on the State agencies. These agencies do not generally operate with promptitude and efficiency, and sometimes prove frustrative or abortive.

Appointments have been made under the act of Congress approved June 14, 1864, "providing for the establishment and payment of claims for a certain description of property taken or informally impressed for the use of the Army. " In many instances the agents selected have refused to accept, and it has been impracticable to secure others competent, in consequence of the wholly inadequate compensation offered, which will pay a fraction only of the expenses to be actually incurred. It is not probable the law can be executed by the period prescribed, the 1st of January next, and it should be continued with amore equitable remuneration to the agents.

During the last year a few persons have gone to the United States without permission from the Confederate authorities. Some of these have no design hostile to the Confederacy, but others leave as informers and as enemies. In some cases the act is treasonable, in others more venial. A law is necessary to punish the cases which do not amount to treason under existing laws.

An appropriation was made in February last for the payment for loss of slaves who have been impressed by the Confederate authorities or under State laws for the use of the Confederate Government, and while engaged in laboring on the public defenses have escaped to the enemy, or died, or contracted diseases which have after their discharge resulted fatally. Thea ct of Congress did not provide for the mode of ascertaining these losses and for the withdrawal of the money from the Treasury. Besides the slaves impressed, there is a class of slaves who were received by contract and others under the act of Congress of the 17th February last, by the consent of the owner, upon the condition that the Confederate Government should indemnify for loss in cases similar to those mentioned in the appropriation bill above quoted. I recommended that an act be passed for the adjustment of all these claims, and that the mode of adjustment be prescribed.

In view of the more numerous uses to which negut, in connection with our armies, as well as of the proposition already considered of employing them as troops, it seems not inappropriate to examine the legislation and policy of our enemies in reference to the recruitment of their armies from the same race, and especially from our negro slaves. In July, 1862, the Congress of the United States passed their act "to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes. " The traitors under this act are all those concerned in the war between the United States and the Confederate States. The persons attained, and whose property was confiscated, are those who held any office of honor, or trust, or agency unde the Confederate Government, or any of the States, or in any municipality, or who may

