
be in anywise engaged or conerned in the armed rebellion to the authority of the United States. The liberation of their slaves was to be a consequence of their conviction, and the slaves of all such persons who might escape or desert, or might be captured, or who might fall within the places occupied by the arms of the United States, were, by the act of Congress, liberated. The President was authorized "to employ as many persons of African descent as he might deem necessary and proper for the suppression of the rebellion, and to organize and use them as he judged best for the public welfare. " This act of Congress was followed by the proclamations of the President of the United States of thte 22d September, 1862, and of the 1st of January, 1863, in the last of which he ordered and delcared that "all persons held as slaves in designated States and parts of States are, and henceforward should be, free," and "that Executive Government of the United States, including the military and naval authorities, will recognize and maintain their freedom. " The enlistment of a large number of slaves within the Confederate States into the military service of the United States followed upon these acts. It was justly by the Confederate Government as a departure from the usages of nations and an abandonment of the rules of civilized warfare. In the better times of the United States their Executive Government had stignmatized conduct similar, but far more venial, "as a warfare disclaiming all moral influence, and inflicting an outrage upon social order, and giving a shock to the very elements of humanity. " "All belligerent nations," it declared, "can form alliances with the savage, the African, and the bloodhound; but what civilized nation has selected these auxilaries in its hositilities?"

If there were any legal proposition that had the unanimous consent of that people it was that the Federal Government had no power to abolish slavery in any of the States. The proclamation of their President does not proceority derived from the Consitution, but upon the assumed power to extend martial law over the territory of the United States and the Confederate States. And the usurpation even extends beyond this, for martial law has reference to military operations and military ralations. Its authority is temporary and abnormal, and deals with the events of a season; but this is an imperial edict, determining arbitrarily upon civil, social, and domestic institutions and relations for all time. For a term subsequent to the indpendence of the United States negro slavery was recognized among all the United States as a valid relation, and its commercial population participated in the profits of the African slave trade, under the laws of the Union, within the present century. The ratio upon which representation in one branch of their Congress and direct taxes are apportioned is adjusted upon a recognition of the existence of a race of bondsmen within the limits of the Union. Their highest judicial tribunal has determined that slavery and the slave trade are not contrary to that law of nations, and that the voluntary removal of slaves by a master to a State where slavery does not exist does not prevent the renewal of the relation between master and slave upon their return to the State of their origin or domicle. The diplomatic correspondence and the solemn treraties of the United States show reclamations for escaping slaves, abducted in time of war and peace, and the recognition of the those claims by a foreign power, and the payment of indemnity for the use of the masters to the Federal Government. At this time the Constitution of the United States

49 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

