
[FEBRUARY 4, 1864. -For Vance to Davis, in relation to the publication of correspondence on the subject of peace negotiations with the enemy, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 817.]

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15.
 Richmond, February 5, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 137, series of 1863, is hereby revoked.

II. Supplies of provisions in transit to arsenals, armories, and ordnance depots for the use of operatives, under the order of commanding officer of the same, will not be interfered with by officers of the departments.

III. As the various railroads of the Confederacy for the transportation of troops, supplies, and munitions of war are under the control of the Quartermaster's Department, the orders of commanding generals and other officers relating to such transportation by railroad will be immediately furnished to the Quartermaster-General in order that arrangements may be made in time to harmonize the various routes so as to prevent accident and delays.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 6.
 Richmond, February 5, 1864.

The War Department having directed that a reasonable time be allowed to enable agents not liable to conscription to be procured for service in the Commissary Department, commandants of conscripts will grant details for sixty days of persons applied for in that department on the application being approved by the Commissary-General. Such details will not be renewable unless approved to the Bureau.

Copies of the order of detail will be forwarded to the Bureau.

By order of Colonel John S. Preston, superintendent:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 5, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have received Your Excellency's letters of the 19th of December and 27th of January last, inclosing a resolution of the Legislature of South Carolina requesting the Confederate authorities "to forego the right heretofore exercised of shipping cotton and bringing freight on the boats owned by the Importing and Exporting Company of South Carolina, in consequence of the ownership by the State of a part of those boats. "

In reply I have the honor to say that a response to the letter of December 19 was delayed because the regulation of the exportation of cotton and other products was understood to be under the consideration would be adopted which would control the whole subject, and either

