
contains a stipulation for the return of slaves escaping to one State from their owner in another State upon his claim. The principle that a slave withdrawn from his master in war or peace, by desertion, capture, or other act not sanctioned by the law of the State, or the will of the master, does not change his condition within the State to which he belongs, or prevent the right of the master from attaching upon his recapture, is not an exceptional or limited one. The municipal laws of one State have no more authority nor recognition within the limits of another than it is compatible with the laws or policy of that States to allow. And it would be contrary to the universal usage and practice of nations for one nation to permit another, and that other an enemy, to abrogate, impair, or modify relations between classes or individuals of her population, in time of war, by any change in their resistance, forced or voluntary. The principle of the jus post liminium in regard to persons such as slaves, serfs, villains, deserters, or other persons to whom it is any wise applicable has been uniformly applied on the continent of Europe, and as to slaves was the law of Athens and of Rome, and from their jurisprudence has passed into the laws of European nations.

The enlistment of slaves as a part of the Army of the United States had but a single object. The act of Congress and proclamation which authorized it were formed to destroy political government and civil society in the Confederate States. By declaring all officers and agents of Confederate, State, and municipal governments to be outlaws, incapable of holding or transferring property, and subject to ignominious banishment, and declaring slaves to be emancipated and suitable for service in their armies, they sought an entire overthrow of their social order, and determined this should be a war of massacres and confusions, and not the highest trial of right between the peoples a principle among Christian sovereigns that, however they might prosecute their quarrels and debates by arms and acts of hostility, and though they might seek the ruin and overthrow of the forces of the State, yet they would so direct their passions as to preserve the life and good name of each other. But from the beginning our enemy has prosecuted the war with murderous design to take the life and to destroy the fame of the peoples of the Confederate States. The crimes which determined the colonies to separate from Great Britain and to denounce her King as a tyrant unworthy to rule a free people are those which have been committed against us, under circumstances of tenfold atrocity in the existing war by our enemy. "He has plundred our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt out towns, and destroyed the lives of our people. He is at this time transportating large armies of foreign mercenaries to complete the work of death and desolation and tyranny already begun, with circumstances of cruelty and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages. He has excited domestic insurrection among us. " Private property is wantonly destroyed; female honor outraged; whole districts of unarmed and unresisting population are ravaged and laid waste; old men, helpless women, weak and feeble children, the infirm and superannuated slave population have been exposed to starvation and misery by the systematic, cruel and perservering effort to destroy the food and raiment of an entire people. A war conducted on such principles, with such objects and by such alliances, involved, necessarily, the abandonment of all laws, usages, conventions, mitigating influences, or humanizing considerations and restraints. The enemy who adopts such a system proclaim in advance his desire, as well as his design, that the war shall become one for mutual extermination. In

