
dispense with the necessity of any arrangement on the part of the State or express the condition on which such arrangements should be made. An act, it is believed, has received the assent, in its main features, of both houses, but has not yet been so passed as to become law. So soon as its terms are announced some definite understanding can be had with you on behalf of your State. Meantime, as I explained to Mr. Furman, there is every disposition on my part to meet the wishes of your State, and that any vessel engaged by the State and carrying out for it the amount of cotton required by others to be carried out for the Department would not be interfered with or restrained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to prohibit the importation of luxuries, or of articles not necessaries or of common use.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the first day of March next it shall not be lawful to import into the Confederate States any brandy, wines, or other spirits, or any other article specified in Schedentitled "An act to provide revenue from commodities imported from foreign countries," approved May twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or any goods, wares, or merchandise enumerated in Schedule B of said act, except the following articles: All things for medicinal purposes, camphor refined, pickles, molasses, pepper, pimento, cloves, nutmegs, cinnamon, and all other spices; soap, castile, Windsor, and all other toilet soaps; sugar of all kinds; syrup of sugar; gallons, laces, knots, stars, tassels, tresses and wings of gold and silver, or imitations thereof, intended for uniform of officers in the military or naval service.

SEC. 2. And it shall not be lawful to import the following articles, enumerated in Schedule C of said act: Beer, ale, and porter; muffs and tippets, and all other manufactures of fur, or of which fur shall be a component part, except caps and hats; carpets, carpeting, hearth rugs, bedsides and other portions of carpeting of any kind or description; carriages and parts of carriages; cider and other beverages not containing alcohol; clocks and parts of clocks; cotton laces, cotton inserting, cotton trimmings, or laces of thread or other material; coral, manufactured; dolls and toys of all kinds; firecrackers, skyrockets, Roman candles and all similar articles used in pyrotechnics; furniture, cabinet and household; glass, colored, stained or painted; India matting of all sorts; jet and manufactures of jet, and imitations thereof; jewelry, or imitations thereof; manufactures and articles of marble, marble paving tiles, slabs or blocks, and all other marble; matting, China or other floor matting and mats made of flags, jute or grass; paper hangings, paper for walls, and paper for screens or fireboards; paving and roofing tiles and bricks, and roofing slates and firebricks; thread lacings and inserting; velvets of all kinds.

SEC. 3. And it shall not be lawful to import the following articles enumerated in Schedule D of said act: Angora, Thibet and other goats' hair, or mohair, unmanufactured; bananas, coconuts, plantains and oranges; cabinets of coins, medals, gems and collectible

