
BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, november 3, 1864.

Hon. J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: At your suggestion I have collected all the matter concerning General Orders, No. 73, and have endeavored to organize the views of the President in the form of a general order. The effort to pare and patch No. 73 into administrative shape will only serve to confuse and retard the public service and carry us farther away from the Executive idea. The simplest form I can give the expression of that idea is, that the reserve forces are to be used to aid and enforce but not to direct or control conscription. To aid and enforce efficiently requires the right of supervision of inspection and report thereon. For efficient supervision and inspection, officers under the immediate orders of the chief of reserves are necessary. To avoid giving the direction and control of conscription to the chief of reserves and retain them in the Bureau of Conscription it is necessary that the matter to be investigated, the mode of investigation, and the decision of the cases should be exclusively with the Bureau. The matter is indicated by law, the mode is the conscript organization heretofore instituted, and the instructions for its operations and the decision is to be, made by the chief of the organization under the Secretary of War. Now, for this investigation and furnishing the means for decision, it is necessary that the agencies should be officers immediately and exclusively under the orders of the chief as representing the Secretary. I have endeavored to cover all this and give administrative expression to it in the form of a general order. I believe that form covers the President's purpose, and if adopted I am confident it can be executed promptly and with the best results to the public service.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[Inclosure.]

SKETCH OF
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, GENERAL ORDERS,
 BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. -.
Richmond, Va.,----, 1864.

I. Paragraphs I, II, III, and IV, of General Orders, No. 73, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, are hereby revoked.

II. Generals commanding reserves will hereafter supervise the conduct andn proceedings of officers employed in the enrolling service in their respective States, and report the ssame through the Bureau of Conscription to the Secretary of War.

III. The office of Congressional district enrolling officer is abolished, and generals commanding reservese will assign to duty in each Congressional district an officer of the reserve force as inspector of conscription. Communications from local or county enrolling officers will be transmitted direct to the commandant of conscripts and by him to the Bureau of Conscription if the action of the Bureau is deemed necessary under regulations for decision of the matter.

IV. Generals commanding reserves will maintain a system of rigid inspection in the matter of conscription and report through the Bureau of Conscription to the Secretary of War.

V. Generals commanding reserves are especially charged with the arrest and return of all deserters and absentees from the Army, and

