
in that service will employ their own forces and the enrolling officers of the respective States.

VI. So soon as practicable all officers and men now employed in the enrolling service, whether as enrolling officers, conscript guards, clerks, or otherwise, except such as are retired or assigned to light duty by the medical boards, will be relieved by details from the reserve forces and sent to the field. Generals of reserves will make such details upon the application of commandants of conscripts.

VII. All applications for the exemption or detail of men not actually assigned to active service, embraced in the act of February 14, 1864, "to organize forces for the war," or applications concerning any matter relating to conscription which by General Orders, No. 20, current series, have been charged upon the Bureau of Conscription, will be trasmitted by commandants of conscripts to the Bureau of Conscription for final decision un from the Secretary of War. Generals commanding reserves have no authority to act upon questions of exemptions under that law, or of the detail of unassigned persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, or of the detail of persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen, and of forty-five and fifty years, who have not been incorporated with companies of reserves as actual members thereof. Duplicates of the returns made by the commandants of conscripts to the Bureau of Conscription will also be furnished by them to the generals of reserves.

VIII. Paragraph III, of General Orders, No. 81, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, is amended so as to read as follows:

The details of such men, called out by General Orders, No. 77, current series, as are found to be unfit for the field service by the proper medical boards maybe revived, and similar details may be granted to light-duty men not heretofore detailed by the Bureau of Conscription.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, November 4, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary General of Subsistence:

SIR: On the 18th of October I addressed you a report on the matter of obtaining supplies from abroad. The cause of that report was a proposition contained in a letter of Major S. B. French on the propriety and importance of extending, so far as your Bureau was concerned, a contract with Messrs. Power, Low &amp; Co. for bringing supplies form the islands to the port of Wilmington, which proposition you referred to me. In that report of October 18 I stated, on the authority of papers, in the office, that we had then only meat rations for 300,000 men (which was about the number we were feeding) for twenty-five days. I also stated, on the authority of a letter from Major French to you, dated September 15, that "our supply of meat must come form abroad if it be got at all," and that there was meat at the islands in the hands of Messrs. Crenshaw, contractors, and also a certain unascertained amount in the hands of Messrs. Power, Low & Co., these being the only two parties from whom any meat could be expected so far as I kne. I further showed by a letter and report of Major

