
S. V. Reid that in the moon from August 24 to September 19 only five vessels out of seventeen had brought any subsistence for our armies, of which Messrs. Power, low &amp; Co. owned three, the fourth being Messrs. Crrenshaw's, and the fifth, as it turns out, running from Halifax with the option of fish or ballast.

For these returns and other matters of argument set forth in the report I recommended that the contract with Messrs. Power, Low & Co. be extended, they having pledged themselves to devote one-third to one-half wight capacity of certainly five, and probably seven, vessels to the service of your department, and having been guaranteed by Colonel Bayne as the best, or among the best and most reliable contractors he had, whether as respects integrity or capacity to fulfill their contract.

On the same day, along with you, I waited on the Honorable Secretary of War and submitted the report to him. He objected to it, but referred it to Colonel Bayne. The next day I called on the Secretary and he said that he could not agree to the renewal or extension of the contract; but on my remarking that Major Bayne had authorized me to make or receive other proposals he referred me to him. I then saw Colonel Bayne, who, objecting to any payment in cotton, which had been the stipulation of Power, Low & Co. 's contract, authorized me to invite proposals from those gentlemen and to make any contract I might please with them, provided it was payable in sterling and not in cotton.

Subsquently, in company with Major French, I met and conversed with Colonel Bayne, who again authorized me to make any bargain I might please, payable in sterling, stating (and justly) that we knew the needs of our department better than he could do, and any contract we might make would be under our own official responsibility. Subsequently he made the remark to you that you might go as high as 1,000 per cent. on the cost of the articles.

Thinking it my duty to exhaust every effort to procure supplies from this source, I invited proposals from Messrs. Power, Low & Co., who in reply have this day submitted a triple proposition to run five or more vessels, as follows:

First. To devote one-third to one-half their weight capacity to subsistence, the balance to private account, at the rate of 600 per cent. on cost and charges (Government paying duties), payable in London sterling bills at $4. 84 per pound, or in default of that, payment then in compressed cotton at 6 pence sterling per pound, on same terms as to payment and profit as the late Davis-Fitzhugh and Power contracts.

Second. To devote one-third to one-half weight capacity to subsistence and balance to quartermaster's stores, at 350 per cent. cost and charges and on same conditions as above.

Third. To renew the contract of Power, Low & Co., devoting same space to subsistence as above, with an engagement under offer first and second to take out half cargoes of cotton for Government at 5 pence sterling per pound.

I submitted this paper to Colonel Bayne to know if any one of the propositions made would meet his sanction, as it would have been useless to negotiate them until his assent could have been obtained, and urging his immediate attention to it within the next three days, as the state of the moon would allow no longer time, and the conditions of the commissariat made it vital this moon should be

