
availed of. To that paper Colonel Bayne returned the following indorsement:

NOVEMBER 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Northrop, Commissary-General. I do not think that either proposition should be accepted. The first is preferable for the Government. Under the regulations the Government has the right to load half of each vessel with such stores as it my desire to import, and under the instruction of the Secretary of War I will direct the loading of any proportion of commissary stores on each vessel that he may indicate. At present I have instructed Majors Walker and Heyliger to ship a good supply of meat on each vessel, and have requested the Commissary-General to supply them with funds to pruchase meat. To supply our immediate and special demand for meat I would recommend that the Commissary-General fix some definititve price for all pork, beef, bacon, or coffee delivered within a specified time, paying for the same in sterling bills of $4. 84.

The sterling can be provided upon his requisition to pay for all stores delivered. I consider myself instructed by the Secretaries of War and Treasury to make no more contracts payable in cotton at Wilmington or Charleston.

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Bearing in mind that except about 300,000 pounds of meat (that is to say, about ten days' supply to Army of Northern Virginia) no more has reached port since 18th of October, I beg leave to observe- first, that it is "too late" to direct the loading of any proportion of commissary stores in each vessel that the Commissary-General may indicate, if it so be done now for the first time, and second, that similar orders have been given both at Nassau and Bermuda without bringing in anything to the Bureau, though they were given by the Secretary of War more than a year ago and have been repeated at intervals from that time to the present.

It is true that Colonel Bayne requested you to supply Major Walker and Mr. Heyliger at Bermuda and Nassau, respectively, with funds to make purchases, and they were accordingly supplied - Major Heyliger with pounds 17,500, who, I understand, reports that he cannot buy meat at Nassau, and Major Walker with pounds 10,000 in return for which there has been sent three loads of dried codfish.

The recommendation that the Commissary-General fix some definite price on all pork, beef, bacon, or coffee "delivered within a specified time" cannot be adopted. What comes in must be subjected to market rates, for to impress one cargo is to excluded all others of like character. But even if otherwise, to purchase imported provisions at marker rates and impress domestic products by schedule would render it more difficult than now, if possible, to draw meat from its hiding places. And as with the market undisturbed by the schedule no meat has ever been brought in, it cannot be expected that it will come at less rates than a blockade-runner is willing to contract for beforehand. There is also another quite as serious objection, to be stated hereafter.

Whether this shall be the end of efforts in this direction, or rather in all directions, ro get meat for our Army, especially the Army of Northern Virginia, is for you to say, and I write to aks your instructions in that respect. I cannot advise you, if I may have the right or be bound in duty to do it, to attempt it on any other basis of profit than the propositions of Messrs. Power, Low &amp; Co., because I cannot imagine any other that can be accepted by bidders, and no other has been offered.

The expired contract of Power, Low & Co., I am bound to presume, was a fair and judicious contract at the time it was made, and the

