
parties are stated by Colonel Bayne to have executed it fairly and liberally to the Government. That contract was for 50 per cent. profit on cost and charges, with payment in cotton at 6 pence per pound. I think it can be shown that the profits of a successful run under it were about 650 per cent., on which basis the profits on the offer of one-half to one-third wight capacity in bacon would require a profit of about 850 per cent. This present offer, then, is 200 per cent. less than its value a year ago, though the difficulties of the blockade have increased immensely, and cotton, owing to causes not necessary to state, has not advanced in a compensatory ratio. This rate, I am confident, is less than the average of blockaders' profits on successful ventures, and not too great for the risks, according to the laws that govern such enterprises. It is not probable, then, that any contract can be made by your Bureau on better terms, nor is it reasonable to expect it; for the proposition for 650 per cent., which Colonel Bayne thinks the most unfavorable of the series, to all of which he objects for relative exorbitancy, will make a less cost than we now pay in Confederate currency. This remits you to the plan of getting subsistence from abroad, under the regulations to carry into effect the act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate [Confederacy], to provide for the public defense. But to this plan there are several vital objections. Experience proves that we cannot get subsistence in that way. It has been tried and it has failed. Since the adoption of these regulations by Mr. Memminger and Mr. Seddon, in March last, and their alteration by Mr. Trenholm and Mr. Seddon, August 3, nothing has been received, though the Secretary or Colonel Bayne has given several orders to have subsistence brought in.

This Bureau has no agents of its own at any foreign port, and has been unable to do anything through the agents of any other bureau or department. Responsible for its own funds, the effect of the regulations has been to place its money beyond its control in the hands of agents, who, from whatever cause, have hitherto failed to show any results of the expenditure. Were it otherwise, the vessels would not run under the regulations - certainly not in time to feed an army of the size of General Lee's, with only eighteen days' supply of meat on hand and living from hand to mouth. Very few vessels now run under the regulations. From August 19 to September 10 only three out of seventeen ran in under the regulations; in the last moon only six in nineteen came in, and of these last none brought in subsistence. Whey they have not done so I have explained in my report of October 18.

If the Army is to be kept up to its present numbers, it will require at full rations 81,000,000 pounds of meat. Of this a very large part must come from abroad, and much of it, of necessary and in common prudence, is wanted instantly. The proposition of Power, Low &amp; Co. presents the best, and, so far as I know, the only plan of an immediate supply, whilst the regulations offer nothing in the present, or, if we can judge by the past, in the future.

It cannot have escaped you that the foothold the enemy has lately gained in North Carolina by the recapture of Plymouth will necessarily limit the area from which we now draw a very considerable proportion of our supplies; and if Plymouth be made the base of military movements or occupation, it will increase the difficulties of working in that region. Of course it will render it more important for us to get supplies from abroad. How that can be done I do not

