
now see, having exhausted every effort to have it done by this Bureau.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. FUFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE, November 9, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

On the 19th ultimo I made an indorsement on a report urging the renewal of the contract of Power, Low &amp; Colonel, with the object of getting a supply of meat otherwise unattainable. I feel pretty confident that, with all the agencies of the Government under its present policy and the efforts of this company superadded, a sufficiency of meat will not be obtained. This company has been most faithful in complying with its engagements.

At the suggestion of Colonel Bayne propositions have been made by it. The second is, in my judgment, hihgly advantageous, and in connection with my indorsement above referred to, show the importance of getting these vessels. I respectfully urge the adoption of proposition second.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, November 5, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Thea ct of Congress approved 17th of February, 1864, entitled an "Act to organize forces to serve during the war," required for its administration a system of conscription substantially, if not radically, differnt from that enforced under previous legislation on this subject. A careful and elaborate analysis of that act combined with an enligthened observation of the necessities and military capabilities of the country, resulted in the issuing of General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, March 1, 1864, and of Circular No. 8, of this Burau, March 18, 1864. It was believed that the proper execution of these orders would insure the just prompt, and vigorous administration of the policy and terms of the act of Congress. The character and extent of the duties imposed on this Bureau under these orders seemed to demand an improvement in the character and numger of its agencies. Under previous legislation these duties were definitely and specifically prescribed by ascertained and understood limitations and responsibilities. By this act the whole execution of the military policy of the Congress and the decision of the vast matter of the "public necessities" was confined almost exclusively to the authorities of conscription acting under your immediate instruction, and constituting for that purpose a department of your office. To your discretion the Congress confided this matter, declaring itself incompetent to determine the mode of its administration, or, at least, that you and your officers could best adjust that mode; and yet, very strangely, you are were restricted in the selection of those officers to

50 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

