
Change names and you have military conscription in the Confederate States. In every instance in which the authority of conscription has been so transferred the service has suffered serious detrmint; the industry of the country has been unduly distrubed, populat and constituted resistance has been aroused, and it has failed to bring men into the field, and the resumption of your former system has been forced upon you. In four States it was tried for eight months under the allied auspices of Generals Bragg and Johnston and the executive authoirities of those States, with General Pillow and an army of 6,000 men as the agents. The failure in that case would have been ludicrous had it not been so expensive and so distrous to the general service. Your unremitted efforts for ten months have scarcely remedied the evils of military conscription in Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida. Besides this experiment scores of commissions have been issued granting conscription authority, which after brief periods have been revoked, on the ground of failure and flagrant abuse. Notwithstanding this experience there has been proposed to be established on the reports of vague, icompetent, and mischievous military inspections and the uniformed conjectures or assertions of ignorant individuals a system of recruiting subversive of the whole policy of legal conscription. Its tendency is, and its results will be, to violate the law and all tried regulations, and to repudiate Government faith pledged under the law and those regulations, and to fail utterly in giving numbers or strength to the Army. The proposition for change has been procured mainly by the intrusion of a small and not very reputable system of police detection into the administration of a great national policy; the espionage of Vidocq to upset the schemes of Carnot with his "bureau for the public defense" and his "bureau for the public welfare; " the crimp and the press gang ster and the magistrate; the public defense and the social economy to be determined by informers and administered by brute force, and infany and incompetency imputed as the predicate attributes of bleeding martyrs to public liberty, who engage in the work of conscription because they have not saved from their unstaunched wounds blood enough for strength to perform any other service. It is by this system that the wastet adn enfeebled people of the Confederacy are proposed to be dragged forth to the death grapple for their liberties. If adopted its fruit will be bitterness and failure.

While therefore I am forced to regard the transfer of conscription from the agencies heretofore charged with it into the hands of military commanders as abhorrent and futile, I have always deemed a certain amount of military force as necessary for the efficient administration of the law. I have uniformly and strenuously recommended the organization and use of such force under propoer regulations. I have repeatedly asked for such force, submitting various forms for its creation and use. I specifically asked for such portion of the reserve forces as I deemed amply sufficient to be put under the orders of the conscription authorities both for concription and extraneous duties devolved on those authorities. Under your permission I proceeded partially to organize such a force. It was declared to be too large and unnecessary, and yet in four months thereafter it was found absolutely necessary to place the entire reserve force on the duty of conscription. I asked for sixty companies; now perhaps sixty regiments are employed. The sixty companies would have done the work now charged on sixty regiments and in accordance with the law and civilized practice. Had it been allowed on the 1st of May to have one company of reserves in

