
each Congressional district, there would nothave been one recusant conscript or one deserter in the now absent from the armies, and those companies would have been ready for the hfield, a drilled nucleus for the regiments of reserves; the recruiting of the armies would have been carried to the full extent of the capabilities of the country; the evils of lax discipline would have been prevented and cured, and the social economy so adjusted as to give the highest vigor and energy to the force and maintenance of the armies. The paper marked "Circular no. 55, of 1863," will exhibit the organization deemed sufficient for the enrollment and forwarding of conscripts. For the other duties devolved on the organization, such as the arrest of deserters and absentees, the management of details, the collection of slaves, &amp;c., a small additional supporting force was asked and granted. (See Circular No. 8, of 1864.)

After the passage of the military bill of 17th of February, 1864, the duties of this organization became far more onerous, extended, and responsible. An immense breadth of discretion was given to the Executive and of course in part deputed to this Bureau. The entire service of investigation, report, and decision of exemptions and details was devolved on it. Additional agencies were asked but not granted. Besides these duties of conscription proper, the progress of an active and protracted campaign covering the Confederacy and the organization of the reserve forces increased the extraneous duties far beyond and previous calculations. To meet these a portion of the reserves, and I have stated, was asked and granted. Subsequent action, however, put the entire reserve force under a different jurisdiction, and on a different footing, and withdrew from this Bureau every means of enforcing the service, even withdrawing from its control the agencies required for conscription proper, and placing them under a proper jurisdiction - that of the commander of the reserves. At this time the legal practice of conscription was not found to be sharp to meet the exigencies of the armies, the calculations of anxious commanders, and the clamor of aspiring officers seeking commands, and a new system of recruiting was sought to be established, and was supposed to be expressed in General Orders, No. 73, and its sequents. The agents employed in recruiting this policy have discovered that the moral force of general orders, sustained by all the reserve force, is not sufficient without same forms of law and Government faith, and have therefore requuired you to place under their control and direction the training officers of this Bureau, who have been accustomed to act under these forms, and in accordance with the faith of law and orders. (See General Holmes' letter and General Kemper's other to Colonel Shields.) It has been proposed virtually to disslove your organization, to subject a department of your office under subordinate rule, and to degrade or expel from the service officers placed in charge by the President and yourself. I cannot recongize the attainment of one comprensating result to the public defense to remunerate for these to remunerate of these wrongs and evils. I present these views with a perfect sense of subordination, leaving their justification to the commentary of the recorded facts I have the honor to exhibit.

Appended hereto are tables exhibiting the operations of this Bureau, prepared from the reports of commandants of conscription, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Blake, chief of the registration service, and from the current records of this Bureau. These tables approximate accuracy nearer, perhaps, than any other data accessible to the Government, and it is believed will afford a fair estimate of the military

