
condition and resources of the Confederacy inside the army lines. Paper marked A exhibits the operations of the Bureau of Conscription to the 1st of September, 1864. The reports of the months of September and October will show an addition to the number of cases of about 15,000. The result is that, in the space of two years, the Bureau has passed on the military liabilities of about 360,000 men. For the extent of which this operation has gleaned the legal military material, see Lieutenant-Colonel Blake's consolidated report marked B. See same report for a conjectural estimate of remaining supply of men, and suggestions as to the sources whence the may be drawn. See also report for a lucid approximate exhibition of the industrial resources of the several States, and the number of men liable to military service and others engaged in their production. Paper marked C exhibits the number of persons liable to military service employed in the various departments of Government. It is supposed that many of these may be sent to the field, and their present employments conducted with equal efficiency by other classes. Paper marked D is a consolidated tabular statement of the number and condition of all persons between the ages of seventeen and fifty who are not in the military and the reasons therefor. Thsi registration has been urged with vigor, but is not yet complete. It is regarded as of grave importance and special attention is invited to it. It is a matter to be regretted that this Bureau has not been furnished with returns of the exact condition of the reserve forces and of the various quasi military organizations which are scattered over the country as guards, in garrisons at posts, &amp;c. Were it placed within the competency of this Bureau to require such returns it is believed that they might be somewhat beneficial in estimating the military condition and resources of the Confederacy. Paper marked E exhibits the number of persons abstracted from the public defense by the certificates of the Governors of the States. The remarkable difference in numbers may well attract attention. For every man thus exempted in Virginia, the State of North Carolina claims fifteen, and forty times the number claimed by South Carolina. Besides these, the States of North Carolina and Georgia claim from Confederate service all persons in any manner employed by the authority of those States. Paper marked F exhibits the operations of the Bureau between the time of my last report (1st of April) antember. A defective supply of proper officer and other agencies and frequent disturtance of the mode of administering the law have prevented the results of conscription from being as satisfactory as might be desired, but it is believed that the information herein submitted will justify the wisdon of the law the energy of its exeuction, and will afford data on which to base the military policy of the Government.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendal.

BUREAU OF COTTON EXCHANGE, DEPT. OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA, Jackson, Miss., November 6, 1864.

Lieut. Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma, Ala.:

COLONEL: The distribution of blockade goods as directed in your respects of 29th ultimo shall have attention. Inclosed I hand you

