
antiquities; diamonds, mosaics, gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious stones and imitations thereof, set in gold or silver or other metals; engravings bound or unbound; rattan and reeds; paintings and statuary; leaf and unmanufactured tobacco and cigars; or the following articles enumerated in Schedule E: Diamonds, cameos, mosaics, pearls, gems, rubies, and other precious stones and imitations thereof, when not set.

SEC. 4. None of the manufactures of metal, designed as either household or personal ornaments, shall be admitted; and in order to confine importations to articles of necessity and of common use, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe the maximum foreign prices at which and within which importations of goods manufactured wholly or partly of cotton, flax, wool, or of silk, and designed for wearing apparel, and not herein prohibited, may be made, and beyond which importations thereof shall not be made: Provided, That articles herein allowed to be imported shall not be impressed by the Government or its agents after they have reached the Confederate States: Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall be constructed to prohibit any importation for the use or account of the Confederate States, or either of them; Provided further, That this act shall not apply to any article or articles which have been or shall be shipped without knowledge of the passage of this act, before the first day of March next, but which shall arrive in a Confederate port after that day.

SEC. 5. That whenever any article or articles, the importation of which is prohibited by this act, shall, after the first day of March next, be imported into the Confederate States contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or shall, after said first day of March next, be put on board any ship or vessel, boat, raft or carriage, with the intention of importing the same into the Confederate States, all such articles, as well as all other articles on board the sel, boat, raft or carriage, belonging to the owner of such prohibited articles shall be forfeited, and the owner thereof shall, moreover, forfeit and pay double the value of such articles.

SEC. 6. If any article or articles, the importation of which is prohibited by this act shall, nevertheless, be on board any ship or vessel, boat, raft or carriage, arriving after said first day of March next in the Confederate States, and shall be omitted in the manifest, report or entry of the master, or the person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, boat raft or carriage or shall be omitted in the entry of the goods owned by the owner, or consigned to the consignee of such articles, or shall be imported or landed, or attempted to be imported or landed, without a permit, the same penalties, fines and forfeitures shall be incurred, and may be recovered as in the case of similar omission or omissions, landing, importation, or attempt to land or import, in relation to articles liable to duties on their importation into the Confederate States.

SEC. 7. Every collector, naval officer, surveyor, or other officer of the customs shall have the like power and authority to seize goods, wares, and merchandise imported contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, to keep the same in custody until it shall have been ascertained whether the same been forfeited or not, and to enter any ship or vessel, dwelling-house, store, building or other place, for the purpose of searching for and seizing any such goods, wares and merchandise which he or they now have by law, in relation to goods, wares and merchandise, subject to duty; and if any person or persons

