
certificate of Governor Clark for 100 ounces quinine received by me for the State. Please send permit in favor of Messrs. Whitfield, Humphries, and Sherman to ship 20,000 pounds of cotton through the District of Homochitto. In connection with this matter I would invite your attention to the fact that the State is paying $100 per ounce for quinine in cotton at 50 cents per pound, allowing each bale to weigh 400 pounds. The certificate of Governor Clark shows this. It is none of my business, only so far as it brings the State in competition with the Government in effecting arrangements within the enemy's lines. We only pay the cost price of that article, say $10 or $12 per ounce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. SSANDERS,

Major and Quartermaster.

RICHMOND, VA., November 7, 1864.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

It is with satisfaction that I welcome your presence at an earlier day than that usual for yours session, and with confidence that I invoke the aid of yoru counsels at a time of such public exigency.

The campaign which was commenced almost simultaneously with your session early in May last, and which was still in progress at your adjournment in the middle of June, has not yet reached its close. It has been prosecuted on a scale and with an energy heretofore unequaled. When we revert to the condition of our country at the inception of the operations of the present year, to the magnitute of the preparations made by the enemy, the number of his forces, the accumulation of his warlike supplies, and the prodigality with which his vast resources have been lavished in the attempt to render success assured; when we contrast the numbers and means at our disposal for resistance, and when we contemplate the results of a struggle apparently so unequal, we cannot fail, while rendering the full meed of deserved praise to our generals and soldiers, to perceive that a power higher than man has willed our deliverance, and tratefully to recognize the protection of a kind Providence in enabling us successfully to withstand the utmost efforts of the enemy for our subjugation.

At the beginning of the year the State of Texas was partially in possession of the enemy, and large portions of Louisiana and Arkansas lay apparently defnseless. Of the Federal soldiers who invated Texas none are known to remain except as prisoners of war. In Northwestern Louisiana a large and well appointed army, aided by a powerful fleet, was repeatedly defeated and deemed itself fortunate in finally escaping with a loss of one-third of its numbers, a large part of its military trains, and many transports and gun-boats. The enemy's occupation of that State is reduced to the narrow district commanded by the guns of his fleet. Arkansas has been recovered with the exception of a few fortified posts, while our forces have penetrated into Central Missouri, affording to our oppressed brethren in that State an opportunity, of which many have availed themselves, of striking for liberation from the tryanny to which they have been subjected.

On the east of the Mississippi, in spite of some reverses, we have much cause for gratulation. The enemy hoped to effect during the

