
Office, December 1 [16 and 18], 1863, are amended so as to retain temporarily on duty in the conscript service the officers and men hitherto under the orders of Brigade-General Pillow in the States of Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi who have not already been relieved. * They will receive orders from Colonel John S. Preston, chief of Bureau of Conscription.

XVI. Brigadier-General Pillow is allowed such time as may be necessary to adjust the unsettled matters pertaining to his late duties before reporting to the general commanding the Army of Tennessee.

* * * *

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY,
Near Como, January 7, 1864.

Honorable CHARLES CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi:

DEAR SIR: I hear of several persons here who profess to have, authority from you to raise regiments for service of the State of Mississippi, and they claim the right to enlist conscripts in their command. Colonel John R. Dickins, Colonel William Nesbitt, and Captain Williamson Hunt or the parties alluded to. I know Colonel Dickins well, and know him to be a good soldier and most excellent officer, and would be most pleased to see him in command of a regiment if he could obtain in legally; but so long as I am in command here, with the law and orders now before me, I cannot permit any more conscripts to enter the State service; and as I do not wish any misunderstanding or band feeling to grow up between you and myself I address you of the subject direct. General Pemberton established a line running through Panola, Oxford, and Fuller, and authorized the enlistment of conscripts into State companies north of that line, to be retained during the term for which the State troops were enlisted, unless sooner called for by Confederate authorities. General Pillow, by order issued September, 6, 1863, abolished that line and forbid the enlistment of any more conscripts in any new commands, whether State Confederate. General Johnston issued an order directing that General Pillow's orders should be obeyed in all matters concerning conscripts; and Major-General Lee issued an order some time about September 16, 1863, directing that no addition should be allowed to the rolls of State troops in service. You are aware that the conscript law does not permit any such enlistments, and I hope, therefore, you will instruct your officers not to enlist any conscripts in that commanders, or attempt to do so.

Captain Williamson Hunt imposed upon Governor Pettus with a muster-roll of a company which he never could assembled in camp, and I refused to recognize the little squad that he had as a company, and some of the men entered the Confederate service. Hunt now claims these men under orders from you. I have not seen his orders, but could not allow any such order to be enforced if he has it without instructions from the Secretary of War. There are some other companies here-Captain Floyd, Captain Perry, and others-who claims sometimes to belong to Mississippi State service and sometimes to one Colonel Collins, authorized by the Secretary of War to

---------------

* See Series I, VOL. XXXI, Part III, pp. 836, 844.

---------------

