
shall conceal or buy any goods, wares or merchandise, knowing them to be liable to seizure by this act, such person or persons shall, on conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum double the amount or value of the goods, wares and merchandise so concealed or purchased.

SEC. 8. The following additional oath or affirmation shall be taken by masters or persons having charge or command of any ship or vessel arriving at any port of the Confederate States after said first day of March next, viz: "I further swear (or affirm) that there are not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, on board (insert the denomination and name of the vessel) any goods, wares or merchandise, the importation of which into the Confederate States is prohibited by law; and I do further swear (or affirm) that if I shall hereafter discover or know of any such goods, wares or merchandise on board of the said vessel, or which shall have been imported in the same, I will immediately, and without delay, make due report thereof to the collector of the port of this district. "

SEC. 9. After said first day of March next, importers, consignees or agents, at the time of entering good into the Confederate States, shall take the following additional oath, viz: "I also swear (or affirm) that there are not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, amongst the said goods, wares or merchandise, imported or consigned as aforesaid, any goods, wares or merchandise, the importation of which into the Confederate States is prohibited by law; and I do further swear (or affirm) that if I shall hereafter discover any such goods, wares or merchandise, among the said goods, wares and merchandise imported or consigned as aforesaid, I will immediately and without delay ro the collector of this district. "

SEC. 10. All penalties and forfeitures arising under this act, may be sued for and recovered, and shall be distributed and accounted for, in the manner prescribed by the act entitled "An act to regulate the collection of the duties on imports and tonnage; " and such penalties and forfeitures may be examined, mitigated or remitted, in like manner and under the like conditions, regulations, and restrictions as are prescribed, authorized and directed, by the act entitled "An act to provide for mitigating or remitting the forfeitures, penalties and disabilities accruing in certain cases therein mentioned. "

SEC. 11. That this act shall expire on the day of the ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States.

Approved February 6, 1864.

A BILL to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the public defense.

Whereas, the Confederate States are engaged in a war, upon the successful issue of which depend the integrity of their social system, the form of their civilization, the security of life and property within their limits, as well as their existence as sovereign and independent States; and whereas, the condition of the contest demands that they should call into requisition whatever resources of men and money they have, for the support of their cause and to faithfully administer the same: Therefore, as a part of the system of the public defense-

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the exportation of cotton, tobacco, military and naval stores, sugar, molasses, and rice from the Confederate States, and from all places

