
ample information relative to the condition of the respective departments. They contain suggestions for legislative provisions required to remady such defects in the existing law as have been disclosed by experience, but none of so general or important a character as to require that I should do more than recommend them to your favorable consideration.

NEGOTIATIONS FOR PEACE.

The disposition of this Government for a peaceful solution of the issues which the enemy has referred to the arbitrament of arms has been too often manifested and is too well known to need new assurances. But while it is true that individuals and parties in the United States have indicated a desire to substitute reason for force, and by negotiations to stop the further sacrifice of human life, and to arrest the calamities which now afflict both countries, the authorities who control the Government of our enemies have too often and too clearly expressed their resolution to make no peace, except on terms of our unconditional submission and degradation, to leave us any hope of the cessation of hostilities until the delusion of their ability to conquer us is dispelled. Among those who are already disposed for peace many are actuated by principle and by disapproval and abhorrence of the iniquitous warfare that their Government is waging, while others are removed by the conviction taht it is no longer to the interest of the United States to continue a struggle in which success is unattainable. Whenever this fast-growing conviction shall have taken firm root in the minds of a majority of the Northern people there will be produced that willingness to negotiate for peace which is now confined to our side. Peace is manifestly impossible unless desired by both parties to this war, and the disposition for it among our enemies will be best and most certainly evoked by the demonstration on our part of ability and unshaken determination to defend our rights, and to hold no earthly price too dear for their purchase. Whenever there shall be on the part of our enemies a desire for peace there will be no difficulty in finding means by which negotiation can be opened, but it is obvious that no agency can be called into action until this desire shall be mutual. When that contingency shall happen the Government, to which is confided the treaty-making power, can be at no loss for means adapted to accomplish so desirable an end. In the hope that the day will soon be reached when under Divine favor these States may be allowed to enter on their former peaceful pursuits and to develop the abundant natural resources with which they are blessed, let us, then, resolutely continue to devote our united and unimpaired energies to the defense of our homes, our lives, and our liberaties. This is thetrue path to peace. Let us tread it with confidence in the assured result.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ASST. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, TAX IN KIND, Richmond, November 7, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to submit the accompanying report in answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 14th of June, received at this office 22d of September. In consequence of the difficulty in

