
collestin the minor reports from the officers and agens dispersed throughout the Confederacy, it has been impossible to represent a full statement of all the receipts of the crops of 1863. The Trans-Mississippi Department is very imperfectly reported; it is supposed that the mails contianing the information have been captured. Large quantities of the tithe have been collectged by unauthorized parties belonging to armies in the field. These can only be ascertained after many months, through the collectors of the money tax and the penalty in defalut of delivery in kind. It is expected that a more complete statement will be ready for Congress during the first half of its session. The value of the tithes which have passed through the hands of the officers on tax duty at shcedule rates in the several States is $110,527,542. It is estimated that the reports from the Trans-Mississippi Department, and more complete satements from this side, and the irrgular collections by the armies in the field not reported, will increase this amount to beyond $150,000,000. But this must not be assumed as the tenth f the productions, because many delinquents will pay in money, and large districts impracticable for the establishment of tax depots will also pay in money. The gross cost of collection is reporoted at $2,376,277. 40; the net cost of collection, $1,244,686. 07. These are underestimates of the actual cost, the utstanding debts not being included. The more compleete report will probably increase the percentage of cost of collection to about 4 per cent. gross and 2 net. The net cost is arrived at by deducting from the gross outlay the hire of laboreres and teamsters, excess of transportation oover eight miles, purchase of means of transportation, grain sacks, hay presses, scales, boxes, and barrles-expenses which would have been created if the tax-in-kind laws were not in existence.

The voluntary payment of the tithe tax xhibits a cheeful compliance by the people with the law. Generally the rceipts exceed the assessors' estimates, which arises from the fact that many producers have voluntarily paid their tax without having been assessed at all; but in a few cases they refuse to be assessed, and throw obstacles in the assessors' way. A remedy would be found in a law requiring producers to come forward in their own person or by proxy for assessment and imposing a penalty in default. Assessors for the year 1863 have in some instances failed to assess, and in others have rated values so low that producers have preferred to pay the money value and the 50 per cent. penalty rather than deliver in kind. The occupation by th eenemy of large districts prevents assessors from operating, and the absence of producers in the Army is an obstacle to the thorough assessment of the corps. The Army consumes many crops of hay, corn, oats, and even wheat before they are matured. These can never be assessed, and are consequently lost to the tax in kind. A modification of the law is needed to require the money collectors everywhere, both in practicable and impracticable localities, to take up receipts in the hands of the producers who have, through ignorance, paid theri tax in kind in good faith to unauthorized persons for the use of the Army, and give credit for such receipts in satisfaction of the money value. The exemption from the tax in kind on corn to those who do not produce more than 200 bushels of corn will have a serious effect upon the receipts of the present year, and the same effect will be experienced in estimating the worth of a producer. Under the tenth section of the act he cannot be taxed in kind unless he is "worth $500 for himself and $100 for each minor child living

51 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

