
with him, and $5000 in addition for each minor son he has living or may have lost or had disabled in the military or naval service. " This would not be material if the worth were estimated in our Treasury notes, but Article III, section 1, of the act of 17th of February, 1864, Chapter LXIV, values such taxable property at its market value in the neighborhood in 1860. The effect is, a producer rents a farm and has little other property than 500 bushels of corn, the product of the farm. This crop, estimated at its value in 1860, with his other property, may not exceed the amount which would exempt him, and he pays no tithe. The report analyzed gives the following results:

The tithe of wheat (being 29,048,711 rations of flour) and the part of the corn (amounting to 49,339,528 rations of meal), at one pound to the ration, will supply bread for 200,000 men one year. The tithe of cabon, at one-third pound to the ration, will supply 160, 211 men one year. The remainder of the tithe corn, together with the oats, at ten pounds to the ration, will supply 130,374 animals one year. The tithe hay and fodder, at ten pounds to the ration, will supply 35,992 animals one year. But this must not mislead into the supposition that all the tithes have gone to the Army. Besides issues to armies in the field they have been distributed to the different bureaus of the War Department, and have contributed largely to the support of their operatives and animals. To a considerable extent the families of soldiers have been supplied with bread from them. Some remain on hand in localities difficult of access, and a small percentage has been lost by fire, by the enemy, and by decay. The analysis is given to exhibit in a condensed shape the capacity of the tax in kind to furnish food.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 8, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the accompanying reports and letters from Brigadier-General Echols and others, disclosing the existence of a treasonable association among the disaffectd people resident in various counties of Southwesteern Virginia. This association is so pernicious and formidble in its operations and designs as to require prompt and vigorous measures on th epart of the Government to arrest and repress it. Some weeks since, through the zeal and vigilance of Leory, who had been employed by the Department as a commissioner to examine persons under arrest by the military authorities, intelligence was received of combinations being formed among the disloyal in one or more counites for dangerous ends, and he was instructed to devote himself diligently to the invstigation and discovery of their character, extent, and aims. At the same time his exzpert detectives werre sent from this city to aid in making inquiries and discoveries. Through confessions that were made by a suspected party under military arrest on other grounds, and by the succes of these detectives, while themselves under apparent arrest, in winning the confidence of other guilty parties, information was obtained both of the names of some members of the association and of the signs and passwords by which they might be approached and communicated with. The detectives then proceeded to prosecute

