
their researches and to obtain an insight into the character and aims of the association.

At the same time other investigations were being actively made by Mr. Leory and by Brigadier-General Echols, then in command of the department, to whom all discoveries effected were disclosed. The result has been to ascertain that for months past there has existed in Southwest Wivrignia an association with its headquartrs outside the Confederacy, within the enemy's lines nad probably under the guidance of intelligent but artful traitors and foes, extending over many counties and spreading rapidly among the disaffected, and through their insidious representations among the ignorant likewise, having for its direct purpose to give aid and co-operations to the enemy in their efforts for the subjugation of the State as also to shield themselves from danger and participate in the spolis and confiscation of the enemy.

The association is secret, the members hae signs and passwords known only among themselves, and are bound to each other for the prosecution of their nefarious designs by the most solemn oaths. They are under obligation to encourage desertions from the Army and to pass and harbor all deserters, escaped prisoners, or spies; to give information to the enemy of tghe movements of our troops, of exposed or weakened positions, of inviting opportunities of attack, and to guede and assist the enemy either in advance or retreat. They are belived on more than one occasion to have caused the frustration of our plans and successful surprises by the enemy, and among the latter the one that resulted disastrously in the death of the gallnt General Morgan. they have an understanding with the enemy that tghey are in every event to be free from military srvice; that their homes and possessions are to be ever preserved, to secure which they have certain indictions by which their property is to be recoginized; that whether on mere present successes or on ultimate conquest, they are to participate in the rewards of citory. Numbers of deserteers from our armies and of violent disaffected men, both from within and without our lines, have collected in this vicinity, and under the influence of the members of this association, and having from them aid and countenance, have banded together, plundering and subsisting upon the means of the well-affected citizens and holding all such in some counties, by threats and outrages, in such teror as to prevent not merely efforts against them, but even disclosures of their names or deeds.

This association, originating in remote localities, little known and difficult of access, long escaped observation and detection. Enjoying in consequence impunity, it has of late spread extensively and is now diffused over many counties of Southwest Virginia, and has even extended to some bordering counties of the Valley. It embraces some citizens of position and influence hitherto unsuspected, and has ben able in one county tog elect the sheriff and in others the justices of the peace from its members. In not a few they exercise a controlling influence over witnesses and jurors, and consequently in the administration of criminal law. As their numbers have extended, their leaders have become more ambitious in their designs. They have lately conceived the idea of forming a new State of Southwest Virginia, and within their association have elected officers whom they style governor, lieutenant-governor, brigadier-general, and judges, so as to furnish the official organization of a government. They claim, likewise, to have extended their insidious operations to our armies and

