
to have in at least one regiment the majority of the soldiers, and in many others members actively engaged in encouraging desertions and desseminating their pinciples. One of the leading membeers of the association advised the detectives, supposed to be members, that the best service they could render would be by gaining in the army of General Lee adherents to their plans.

When these discoveries were partially made this Department was anxious to remedy the progressing evil by sending forces into the disaffectd counties to arrest or disperse deserters and predatory bands, and by instituting legal proceedings against he leaders of the association. Forces have been advantageously employed in retoring order and making arrests in several of the most disaffected counties, but the deserters and outlaws, with the information and aid received, in large numbers escape into th recesses of the mountains and pass to other counties.

To determine whether judicial proceedings should be instituted, Mr. Nicholas F. Bocock, of Buckingham, a lawyer of experience, intelligence, and character, was sent by the Department to investigate the nature of the evidence and advise the remedies to be applied. His information and examination convince him that while the evidence is fully adequate to satisfy any reasonable mind of the facts stated, yet being derived indirectly from parties implicated, from the reports of others, and from circumastances of suspicion would, in most instances, not suffice to convict on indictments for overt acts of treason. There would, too, be little chance of justice before the tribunals in the disaffected region where both complicity and terror would preclude fair judgments. he theerefore recommends the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, as at once the prudent anory remedy. In this view I fully concur. The prompt arrest of all the leaders in this traitorous conspicary might then be made by the military authorites; they could be removed, to the terror of their accomplices, and be detained at a distance from the places of their deleterious influences.

The less conspicuous and more ignorant members would be affrighted and deterred from the further prosecution of their evil designs, and all would be repressed by the knowledge that they could at any time be sezied and confined by the military authority. The dread alone of such action would in general suffice, and, except in case of leading culprits, there would probably be little or no occasion to exercise the power of arrest and detention. Experience has shown that such has been heretofore, in case of apprehended dangerous conbinations or individual disloyalty, the salutary effect of the mere suspension. I therefore advise that its suspension under the present formidable appearance of disaffection in Southwest Virginia be earnestly recommended to Congress.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CHRISTIANSBURG, August 28, 1864.

[Major LEORY(?):]

MAJOR: Understanding that you intend visiting Richmond for the purpose of repsenting the condition of this section of country to the military authorities, we desire the unite our testimony with yours. We would respectfully represent that the counties of Montgomery,

