
Floyad, Giles, and others adjacent, are infested by armed bands of deserters, both from ours and the Yankee army; that the lives and property ofall loyal citizens are rendered very insecure by their presence; property having been repeatedly burned and unarmed and inoiffensive citizens fired upon; that the reserve forces of this section are totally inefficient under existing organization, the desertes having fired upon, captured some of them, and dispersed the remainder; that we have good and sufficient reason to believe that a secret society whose principal object is to encourage desertion exists in our midst, and has for members all or nearly all the disloyal portion of our community.

We further believe that the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad will be cut by the desertes unless they are dispersed, and that communication by this important line is in danger of being interruped at any time by them.

Permit us, major, to express the entire confidence that we feel in your zeal for the welfare of our country, and we believe that you will use every exertion to obtain for us relief from the existing state of affairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

ROBT. L. CUSTIN,

JAMES P. HAMMET,

Members Committee of Safety, Montgomery County.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,
Dublin, September 1, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Mr. Leory, the highly intelligent commissioner, &amp;c., for this department, goes to Richmond this morning for the purpose of consultation with the authorities, principally with yourself, in regard to a matter of importance to our cause in this section and in one or two of the adjoining States. We have for some time back suspected the existence of a secret treasonable association, but have not until recently been able to determine its existence and extent, when Mr. Leory, by his intelligence and perseverance, has been enabled to determine with certainty its character and existence, has been enabled to determine with certainty its character and existence and extent. He will explain to you the whole matter. Some action must be taken at once in regard thereto, and I hope that the assistance which Mr. Leory desires in the way of experiment and skillful detectives may be furnished to him. I will, of course, do all in my power to aid him in the department.

I have found matter in the department in a bad condition, but will do all in my power to correct them.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

DUBLIN, VA., September 20, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As the car was about leaving this point yesterday I wrote to you a hurried note stating that my plans with reference to the society

