
known as the "Heroes of America" had been successful. The detectives, with the aid I furnished them, have passed as members of this order and are obtaining important information. We have a large list of traitors. Within ten miles of this place we find three justices of the peace and one Methodist minister attached to the society. While in Montgomery County, among others, we have discovered the name of the sheriff recently elected. I hae also reliable information that a prominent lawyer, one a candidate for lieutenant-governor of the State of Virginia, is a leading membr of the treasonable order. I hae but two detectives from Richmond and two obtained here. I need more at once. The adjoining counites are full of these people, and three or four men work in such a mass too slowly. I wish before any arrests are made to obtain testimoney against the leaders in four or five counties. I am told there are 800 members of the order in Montgomery County alone.

The Governor of this State, having been informed of the existence of a secret society for treasonable purposes in Floyd County, is taking steps to break it up. I fear his plans and mine may conflict. Would it not be well to have infomred of the measures the Government has adopted?

I have efficient aid from General Echols.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. LEORY,

C. S. Commissioner.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER,

Dublin, September 19, 1864.

SIR: I have but a moment to write. My plans concerning the secret society have been completely successful. I need more detectives. I fear the steps taken by Governor Smith may interfere with mine. I have names of many members-more prominent men.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY J. LEORY.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

Report of Detectives.

Left Dublin the 12th of September (Monday evening); stopped all night with a Mr. Morgan, north the railroad about one mile from New River bridge; started next morning for the Central depot; stopped there and made inquiry for parties said to be living there; could find no such parties there. Saw Doctor Hammet, who informed me where some of the parties could be found; took the train to Crhistinasburg; arrived there, went in search of some of the parties named; first man found was Rowsie, a German living directly opposite the hotel kept by Mr. Burgess. He was standing in the door of the blacksmith shop. I walked up to him and gae him the sign of the order. He did not answer at first, seeming very shy. After a few moments made the sign again. After a little while he said, "These are gloomy times here," that being one of the passwords of the order. I answered, "Yes, but we are looking for better," that being the answer. He then smiled, seeing I had answered him correctly. We then had a little talk. He then introduced me to a young man named Henry Questine, who was working at the forage. I passed the sign, grip, and passwords with whim. After getting out of the

