
door he told Rowsie he trhought he knew me. I aksed Rowsie what his name was. He told me. I then told him he did know me. I thereupon went in and told him I was not passing by my full name, and asked him not to make my name known, as it might prevent my passing about a little unsae with the authorities, which I think he was careful in doing. Rowsie then invited me in the adjoining shop, there introduced me to a man at the foage by the name of Fariss. I passed signs, grip, and passwords with him, and we then had a converstion about the gloomy times and gloomy men; found him a member of the order, very much against the Confederate States; heard fromQuestine afterward that this man talked with General Averell at the time he waurg. There was also a Generman, whose name I did not learn, at work with him, also a member of the order.

By appointment with Questine, McGill and myself walked out with him some distance on the road and had a long conversation on the subject of the order, its members, objects, &amp;c. He told me of the following-named persons, members of the order: Daniel H. Hoge, the lawyer living on the North Fork of the Roanoke River; William Harman and Captain Callahan, of tghe policy; Captain John Francis, formerly of French's battery, now sheriff-elect of the county of Montgomery. He told me this man had resigned his command, and his lieutenant had afterward carried the most of his command to the Yankee army. He also told us the organization was first formed in the county by a man named Horace Dean, about twelve months ago, who came on from Richmond, but whose home is in North Carolina, and that he passed through Carooll County, Va., on his way home. Also a man named Williams, a wheelwright in Christiansburg, belonging to tghe order, and William Burnett, a cabinetmaker, of same town, who was afterward seen and conversed with by McGill. Also one Randall Cardin, and initiating officer, who lives on the Pepper's Ferry road, and oone Bresser, nearby, and said there were some tne of them living there near together of the order, and of a lot of deserters on a place called Tom's Creek, and said they were supplied with poowder and caps by members in Christinasburg to resist their capture. He mentioned in his conversation that the members of the order were bound to convery all the information they could obtain to the enemy, and to assist all deserters from our army. On the following day, the 14th day of September, McGill and myself were seated on the platform in front of Rowsie's dwelling; he, Rowsie, then told us that Captain John Francis, then sitting a short distance from us with several persons around him, a ll belonged to the order, and that he was elected sheriff by reason of his being a member of order, and also of Lawyer Daniel H. Hoge, of the same county, who was also a member of the order: that three-fourths at least of the people of the county were members, and in Floyd County nearly all the people, and in Giles and Montgomery, and also a greater part of the men of the Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment also members, and that it was widely extending in the army near Petersburg.

We endeavored on the same evening to get an interview with Captain John Francis. I sent Questine to ask him to meet us in room No. 4 in the hotel; saw McGill; told him. We then went on to the room; reMained there some time. Captain Frencis did not come. I then asked McGill to go out and look for him. He went out, and saw Questine go up and speak to Francis, who directly after mounted his horse and rode off without our speaking to him. We supposed he was afraid

