
we were not all right, and we thought the rest of the party seemed to be getting restless and uneasy from some cause or other. We left Christiansburg and walked to the Montgomery Springs; left there next morning, Thursday, 15th, for Dublin Depot; then went over to Newbern; had an interview with Major Leory; started next morning from Newbern for Snowville; stopped on the route at any Hall's, between the ferry and Sonwville; found the family strong Union people. The women seemed to know all about the order; one of the women know the passwords. I afterward heard they were members of the order. any Hall said his sons and son-in-law were in the brush, and would never serve in the Southern Army. Told them we were Union men in search of information to send to the Federal Army. They seemed highly pleased. any Hall said he had never joined the order; that his recollection was so bad he could not remember the passwords, &amp;c. When we left he wlaked with us and showed us the road; told us to stop at his borther's, David P. Hall; that he was a member of the order. We then passed on to Snwville; staid all night. Left next morning, Saturday, the 17th, for Childress' Stores; passed by, came to the farm of William Childress, who, we had been informed, wa s a member of the order. Met him at home; passed sign and grip and passwrods with him; found him to be a member of the order; had a conversation about the war and found him a strong Union man, much opposed to the war and the Confederacy. Told us his brothers, Tom and Stephen, were members, and invited us over to the distillery, where we met his brohter Tom, a justice of the peace, who is a very strong Union man. He said, in conversation with McGill, that some man was making brady, and would like to make some for Uncle Jeff; that he would make it all right. McGill replied he would put something in it, would he not? He said yes, seeming much pleased. There was also a cooper named Tom W. Terry, a violent Union man. Captain John Francis came while we were there, and there was a great deal of private conversation among the party. Then we were afterward told by James Hight that they were consulting about killing us if they could find out whether we were spies sent there to find out what they were doing. When we were in the act of leaving, Stephen Childress advised us not to go on to Christiansburg, but to stop with Madison Smith, a preacher.

We went on to Christiansburg next morning, Sunday, 18th; raining quite hard; went out to Preacher Smith's; found him at home; went in; made the sign to him. He did not answer at first; seemed to be suspicentered into conversation with him; told him we were recommended to come to see him by Stephen Childress, and, after talking sometime, told him, from conversation with Childress, I inferred he was a mameber of the Order of the Heroes of America; said he had heard of it; told him we were in search of information to take to the Federal Army. He was much in favor of the Yankees and opposed to the Confederae cause. Told us we need not be afraid to talk to him; told him McGill was going through the lines. During the time we were there a man named James Thompson came in. He was a violent Union man; said to be keeper of the poorhouse. After remaining three or four hours, we took our leave, and had gotten some 100 yards when Preacher Smith called to us. We halted; he came up to us and said he supposed we understood he was all right-that he was a preacher and musst be cautions how he talked to strangers. Told him I supposed he was a members of the order; that he knew we were, and in as much danger as himself. He then

