
acknowledge he was; gave us the grip at parting and wished us much success at parting; then parted and went back to Christiansburg.

Left next morning, Monday, 19th, for Montgomery Springs. Next day, Tuesday, 20th, went over to see Daniel H. Hoge; found him at home; engaged in conversation with him; passed sign with him; McGill said, "It's gloomy times. " He said, "Yes, they were gloomy. " I answered, "Yes, but we were looking for better. " Hoge asked what we were looking for. I answered, "A red and white cord. " He aksed, "Why a cord?" I answered, "Because it is safe for us and our families. " He then remarked it was a good cause. McGill said he thought it was. He then asked where we were from. I told him I belonged too Parker's batery on Howlett's farm, and was from Richmond. He asked me who was working in the cause in Richmond; told him I was not much in the city and could not tell him, but I knew the masses of the people were opposed to the war. He them asked me if the rder had spread much in the army. We told him it was spreading rapidly. He said he never wanted to see the Confederacy recognized. He also asked me how A. J. Crane and H. K. Ellyson, of the city, were in the cause; said he would like much to hear from him; urged me to see him and find out, and weite to him if he belonged to the order, and to write how the cause was progressing in the city and army, and who was working. Told him I did not know if we should go back to Richmond. McGill told him he thought he should go through the lines and go to Alexandria. Hoge told him he had better stay and work in the cause and try to elect members to the Legislature who were favorable to the call of a convention of States to settle the war. Said he would lik Botts, and would write to him if he knew how to get a letter to him, as he thought Botts could give him a great deal of information. Thought they could devise some means to stop the war. I told him I would convey the letter. He then asked me if I would write a few lines to Botts and request him to write to him (Hoge), and that he would like to meet Mr. Botts in LYnchburg, as his daughter was going to school there and he could go donw there and see him without creating in suspicion. I promised to write Mr. Botts and also to him (Hoge).

Mr. Hoge told us this order was known to most of the officers in the Yankee army, and that the members of it were not molested by them, and that during the time the Yankees were at Blacksburg they picketed on the side of the mountain opposite his house, and that they were in the act of taking a horse from a woman, but upon being satisfied that the man was all right, or member of the order, they did not take the horse. They inquired of the woman who lived down there (meaning his, Hoge's, place). She answered that if they knew that man as well as she did they would not molest him; that it was Daniel H. Hoge, and that he was oppsoed to he war from its commencement, and had been fighting against it ever since. They then said they would not interrupt him, and did not. He stated that he should have gone to Blacksburg while the Yankees were there, but that it was raining, and he could not walk, and that he could not ride wihout attracting too much notice, and that hiw wife was confined and opposed to his going; consequently did not go. He said he knew the Yankees would not take him prisoner or otherwise interfere with him. At parting shook hands, gave us the grip of the order, wished us success, again asked me to write; promise to do so.

JNO. B. WILLIAMS.

THOMAS MCGILL.

