
in the occupation of their troops, is prohibited, except under such uniform regulations as shall be made by the President of the Confederate States.

SEC. 2. That if any person or persons shall put, place or load, on board any ship, steam-boat, or vessel, or any other water craft, or into any wagon, cart, carriage, or other vehicle, for conveyance or transportation beyond the Confederate States, or into any portion of the said States occupied by the enemy, any of the articles mentioned in the first section of this act, or shall collect the same for the purpose of being conveyed or transported, contrary to the prohibition aforesaid, within the Confederate States or beyond them, the said articles, and the ship, boat, or other water craft, wagon, cart, carriage, or other vehicle, with the slaves and animals that may be employed or collected for the purpose of aiding therein, shall be forfeited, and all persons, their aiders and abettors, on conviction of being interested or concerned in the enterprise, shall be deemed to be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and punishable by such fine or imprisonment, or both, as the court may impose.

SEC. 3. That it shall not be lawful to put on board any ship, boat, vessel or other water craft, or upon any wagon, cart, carriage, or other vehicle, for transportation or conveyance as aforesaid, any of the articles aforesaid, unless a permit be previously obtained from some officer of the Confederate States, specially authorized to grant the same, particularly describing the articles thus to be laden, and the ship, boat, vessel, water craft, wagon, carriage, cart, or other vehicle, on which the same is to be transported, and until bond shall be given that the same shall be conveyed and transported to the place of destination, under such conditions and regulations, and for such objects as shall be prescribed by the President under the first section of this act.

SEC. 4. That the collectors of all the districts of the Confederate States, shall have power and authority to take into their custody any of the articles before mentioned found on any ship, boat, or other water craft, when there is reason to relieve that they are intended for exportation, or when in vessels, carts, or wagons, or any other car whatsoever, or, in any manner, apparently on their way towards the territories of a foreign nation, or towards the territory of the Confederate States in the occupancy of the United States, or the vicinity thereof, or towards a place whence such articles are intended to be exported, and not to permit the same to be removed until bond shall be given, with satisfactory sureties, that no violation of this act, and the regulations under the same, is intended.

SEC. 5. That the powers granted by this act to the revenue or other officers of the Confederate States under this act to allow or refuse exportation of the articles before mentioned, or for the seizure or detention of any of the said articles, shall be exercised in conformity with such instructions as the President may give through the Departments of War and of the Treasury, which instructions may impose conditions as the President may give through the Departments of War and of the Treasury, which instructions may impose conditions to the destination and sale of the same, and the investment of the proceeds of the same, or a portion thereof, in military or other supplies for the public service, which instructions such officers shall be bound to obey; and if any action or suit shall be brought against any such officer or officers, or their agents, he or they may plead the

6 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

