
[Indorsement.]

WAR OFFICE,

November 9, 1864.

Submitted by Major Carrington, provost-marshal, with assurances of the reliableness of the parties.

R. G. H. KEAN,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

Report of Detectives.

FINCASTLE, Monday, October 10.

While sitting on the porch of J. &amp; H. Guggenheimer the sign of secrecy of the Order of Heroes of America was given me by a man whom I afterward learned was named George Fellows, who was sitting on his porch opposite. I answered him. In a few minutes he corssed the street toward me and gave me a sign to follow him. I went on and followed him into a cellar. After getting in he said, "Three. " I answered, "Days. " He then said I was all right, and took from his pocket a bottle of brandy and invited me to drink. He then told me he had been informed that there were two Yankees spies in town, and that I had been pointed out to him as one of them. He said the told the man he would find out, and that after giving me the sign and finding I was all right, that the man might go to the devil. He told me the head man of the order in the county lived in town, and he would like me to see him. I told him I should like to have an interview with him. He told me his name was John Camper. About this time some man came in the cellar, when I walked out. the same evening of the 10th, McGill and myself were on the same proch, and I saw Fellows and another man sittin in a door opposite to us. Fellows made a sign toward the other man. From this I understood it to be John Camper. In a short time we got up and started down the street in the direction of Camper's residence. Campber follwed us. When he got to his gate he started in. We gave him the sign of secrecy. He answered. We then went through witht he passwords. He then invited us in. We went in and took a seat on the porch; talked about the order and the war, &c. I asked him what the obligations of the order were; told him I understood they were, in part, to convey all the information to the Federal army that could be obtained and to assist deserters in passing through the country from the Confederate army. He said yes; that was their obligation, and said the order was known by ers, and that when the Yankees passed through the town that he asked them for a guard, and they posted two at his gate. He also told us that about 1,000 deserters had passed through the country; that they passed around the town, flanking it. He told us the owner of the factory nearly opposite his house was a member of the order, and that his name was Amons. And the man who lived next above him was also a member. His name I did not learn. After some other conversation we took our leave. He gave us the grip at parting.

We started on back to the hotel at which we were stopping. We were overtaken by a negro shoemaker, at whose house we had previously met Fellows, and was told by him to look out, that the citizens of the town were making up a party to arrest us. We then met Fellows, who told usd the same and advising us to leave town, and

