
requested us to meet him in the cellar where we had met in the morning. Promised to meet him. We then went on to the hotel. There found several persons gathered and some excitement. After donsultation, thought both had better not go. I reMained, and McGill went up to see him. On the same day in the frenoon we had an interview with Fellows in the shop of this negro shoemaker. He inquired where it was. Said he was going to start throught he lines in a night or two. Said his wife had a ring whichwas given to her by Doctor Rucker with his name on it, and the doctor would befriend him. This man Fellows was walking on a cruthch, but said he was pefectly well and could walk as well as ever, and that he could walk thirty miles per day. The negro who was working in the shop said he had seen me in the Yankee army that passd through the town-was certain I was the man. I told him to keep that a secret, and I think he did. He told us we need not be afraid to talk to Fellows; that he was all right. Fellows said he could get through the lines in three nights. Next day, the 11th instant, met Fellows at the same shop. As we were about to leave he told us we had better go, as the citizens were watching us, and that his wife had been about town and the citizens were talking a good deal about us. Said we were lying about in the free negro houses; advised us to leav before the enrolling officer came.

He told McGill in the morning that he had been told we were detecitve officers from Richmond, and if he thought it true we would not live to get to the depot. The negro shoemaker said there would be the damnedest running off among the negroes of the town in a short time that ever was heard of.

We took leave of Fellows and the negro and started on the road from Bonsack's Depot; stopped a the pottery of the Noffsinders, about one mile from Fincastle, who we understood were members of the order, but they were absent. We went on and stopped all night with a Dunkard preacher by the name of Nininger, said to be a member of the order. He would not give us the signs or passwords. He had been arrested a few days previous and was, I suppose, suspicious of us. In conversation found him opposed to the war and of strong Union sentiment. We proposed to pay for our supper and lodging; he asked us if we had anything besides Confederae money, that he did not care about that; told him we had not. He then said his daughter had to have her bonnet fixed, and she could use it in that way. We then paid him $10. We left next morning by daylight. Found him at the ---. Told him we had called to see if we could get breakfast with him. Told him we had stayed all night with Ninenger and had to leave before breakfast in order to reach the train in time. McGill then gave him the sign. He smiled. Mr. McGill remakred, "It is gloomy times. " He said, "Yes, very gloomy. " I nswered yes, but we were looking for better. He then asked what we were looking for. I answered, "A red and white cord. " He asked, "Why a cord?" I replied, "Because it is sae for us and our families. " He then asked us to the house. We went in, sat down, talked about the order and the war; spoke of the order and how it had spread in the Army. We spoke of the Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment and said most of the men belonged to the order. He told us that most all of the Twenty-second had been initiated in the order and that a grat many of them had desered, which he said was a good thing, and

