
after some other conversation invited us to breakfast, after which we left. We shook hands at parting; he gae us the grip of the order.

JNO. B. WILLIAMS.

THOS. MCGILL.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, November 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Honorable Secretary of War.

These men were sent by your direction to aid Commissioner Leory in his investigations. I consider them reliable.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosurre No. 7.]

DUBLIN, VA., November 4, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After consultation yesterday we all concluded it would be advisable for Mr. Bocock to return to Richmond and obtain your opinion on an important point that now presents itself. We are ready to make arrests. I have the names of over 100 persons, and evidence against most of them, but we have thought it desirable to make the arrests by military authority, and that cannot be done unless the writ of habeas corpus be suspended. We sih to know whether the President will apply to Congress for the suspension, and also concerning the probability of the compliance on the part of Congress. Mr. Bocok will also explain other points to you. He appears to doubt that the legislation of Congress will reach the cae of trasonable organizations. We had a consultation yesterday concerning these matters with Generals Breckinridge and Echols. They are prepared to do what we conlude is best.

The last act of Congress suspending the writ of habeas corpus enumerated the cases in which arrests could be made, and overed all the cases that could occur here. It appears to be of tghe greatest importance that the writ should be suspended. Mr. Johnston, a distingusihed lawyer in Abingdon (a nephew of General Joe Johnston), writes to Geneal Echols that the secret oroder is growing fearfully in that part of the country. I have sent my two detectives there.

I write in some haste to give this letter to Mr. Bocock, who leaves this morning.

I am, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. LEORY.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

RICHMOND, November 8, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: I deem it my duty to call your attention to the condition of things in Southewestern Virginia, and to urge upon you, and through you upon the other authorities, the necessity of the adoption of prompt and vigorous measures in order to remedy the evils which now exist in that region. It has been observed for several months past that the number of deserters in that department have been rapidly increasing, and that they have come from the two armies of Virginia and from the army of Georgia. In some counties of the department these

