
deserters have formed themselves into gangs and companies, and have been bold enough and strong enough to defy the police and enrolling guards of the countis where they were, and to make in necessary to send in pursuit of them strong military detachments. In some counties they have been very bold and have openly set the laws of the country at defince, and have committed and are committing many outrages upon the property and persons of our respectable and loyal people. It has been found very difficult to capture or drive from the country these deserters, because they are supported and sustained in every way by the disloyal citizens of that section, and when pressed by a superior force they scatter and take refuge in the great mountains of Southewestern Virginia, where it is almost impossible to reach them thus scattered, and where they are supplied with all that they may need by their friends at the expense of the loyal citizens of property in their vicinity.

A secret and treasonable organization has been in existence in the department for many months and has lately been increasing in size and imortance with great rapidity. It numbers among its members quite a large number of men of some local influence in the respective counties in which they live, among whom are to be found some professional men and officers of the law of the State is organization was formed orignally at the suggestion of the Yankee authorities, and has scattered over the country now what are called their initiating officers. Persons who are received into it are bound by the most solemn oaths not to disclose the secrets of the society or order. They are all bound to communicae to the enemy at all times all information which they can convey which may be of value. They bind themselves in the event of any invasion of the country by the enemy to furnish all needed information as to the roads of the country, and to notify the invaders at all times of any approaching danger. In return for these and other services to be rendered it is understood that the Yankee authorities have promised protection to the persons and property of these people. They have adopted a badge by which they recognize one another. They hae also adopted a system of signs and grips and passwords only to be communicated to the initiated. The more ignorant classes of the ocuntry have been induced to join the organization by the promise of a division hereafter among them of the property of the loyal Southern citizens.

It is reported and believed to be true that in the Stae elections of last spring one of this order was elected sheriff of an important county in that portion of the State, and several justices of the peace are known to be connectd with it. Earnes efforts have of late been made to enlist the soldiers into the order, and it is known that these efforts have been successful to a certain extent. Information has been communicated lately which leads to the belief that a considerable number of the order are now in the Army of the Valley of Virginia, and that some of the soldiers in the army of General Hood, from Virginia, are also members. As a consequence of this a company of Virginia soldiers in this latter army who were on picket are said lately to have gone over to the enemy in a body. Of course the spread or adoption of the doctrines or purposes of this organization by anumber of our soldiers would be disastrous to us in th extreme.

This, then, sir, is the condition of the Department of Southewestern Virginia, and some active, energetic measures must at once be adopted to crush out the treason which has so rapidly spread itself over that

