
section of the Confederacy. It will be impossible to reach effectually the leading parties by the ordinary processes of law. They are so banded together that in the courts they could and would prove anything which they might desire.

In order to show the spirit which actuates these people it is proper that you should know that in two of the counties of Southewestern Virgnia they have recently organized what they call a "new State," for which they elected a goovernor and lieutenant-governor, &amp;c., and that in this same vicinity there was organized a brigade of deserters, for which was chosen a leader who was denominated "general. "

This order has spread itself into East Tennessee and North Carolina. I make this communication, briefly and hurriedly, with the hope that I may have an opportunity of going more into details soon in a personal interview, but if I do not I desire to impress upon the authorities he knowledge of the serious and alarming condition of things oof which I have spoken and the absolute necessity of the use of the most decisive measures in relation thereto.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

RICHMOND, November 8, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions I last week visited Southwest Virginia for the purpose of assisting Major Leory, commissioer, in certain important proceedings which he contemplated instituting. Upon investigation I ascertained the following facts to be true: That there exists in many of the counties embraced in his commission an organized secret association, the members of which readily distinguish each other by certain pass-words, grips, and other tokens of recongnition communicated only to those who are initiated into it. Upon being admitted into the association the person aditted is required to take an oatch too perform faithfully the duties imposed upon its members and, on penalty of death, not to divulge its secrets. The duties required are to encourage and facilitate desertion from the Confederate Army; to protect deserters and aid them in avoiding detection and arrest; to give information to the Federal troops of all facts which may enable them to strike a successful blow; to warn them of attacks meditated against them; to give information of the positiion, movements, numbers, and condition of the Confederate force; to guide the enemy in their march through the country; to point out for destruction the property of loyal citizens; and, in short, to do everything and give all information which may contribute to the seccuss of the Federal and the defeat of the Confederate cuase, except only that they are not required to take up arms.

This organization has its headquarters in the United States, and of its character and purposes the Federal soldiers in the field seem to be well informed, so that they allow all members thereof residing on Confederate soil freely to pass in and out of their lines. The inducements offered to persons in the South to unite in the organization are exemptions from military service; protection to their persons and

