
property during the war; and, at the conclusion thereof, participationn in the division of the real estate of lyal citizens. In the extreme southwestern counties of the State of Virginia this organization is rapidly increasing in numbers, extending also into the State of North Carolina and estward into many of the counties of Virginia and embracing already many of the most prominent and influential members of society. In some counties justices of the peace and in one the sheriff-elect are known to belong to it and to have been elected by the votes and influence of its members. Throughout the section of country wherre it exists there are many deserters from the army, who, concealed by its members, lurk along the highways and fall upon and rob loyal citizens when found alone or unprotected, and in some instances they have entered the houses of such citizens and plundered them. So numerous and efficient is the organization that though the military authorities in that department are vigilant and active in their efforts to arrest the deserterrs, yet their efforts are rendered almost fruitless by the facilities for condealment and escape rendered them on every hand by the members thereof.

The proofs of the existence of this organization and of its extensive prevalence and rapid growth, and of the names and localities of many of its members, are of such a character as to exclude all doubt. Such was the evil as to the remedy for which I was called on to advise. It was easy to say arrest the deserters an dpunish them, but how arrest them, while at every turn they were concaled and warned of the approach of the force sent to arrest them? It appeared to me to be indispensable, first, to break up the organization by which they were sheltered, and then alone would their apprehension become practicable. But how to break up this organization was the real difficulty.

The members of it are persons who are above the conscript age, or are exempt from military duty, and are therefore not liable to seizure by military authority and trial before the military courts. If arrested and brought to trial before the civil courts, the evidence being only that such an organization exists for such purposes and with such designs and that the parties on trial are members of it, there being no evidence that any particular person did or assisted in doing any of the acts proved, it would be almost impossible to fix guilt on any individual so as to secure his conviction. The results of the org, their aency is manifestly exerted, but there is no evidence and none likely to be obtained to prove who has acted.

The organization is extending itself daily, and, for other more daring deeds, is gathering strength and awaiting its opportunity. Before that opportunity occurs, it must be struck down or it will beocme fearfully potent.

I have advised that the law as it now stands affords no adequate remedy for the evil; none but such as, if attempted to be applied, would by the very failure to suppress, stimulate the growth of the association. My opinion is clear that the only mode of successfully combating this alarming evil is by military authority, which can only be done upon legislation providing for its exercise and relieving it of interference by the civil authorities by the writ of habeas corpus or otherwise, until the treason is effectually suppressed.

Respectfully submitted.

N. F. BOCOCK.

