
[Inclosure No. 10.]

Report of Detectives.

In the jail at Abingdon, on the 2d of November, conversed with the following men and found them members of the Order of Heroes of America:

First. John Gardner, with whom we exchanged signs and passwords. He told us which way to go to get out of the lines; to go by the way of Estillville, of this county, and through Scott County into Tennessee. Told us nearly all the people in the lower end of the county of Washington and in counry of Scott were members of the order, and that John Hamilton, the sheriff of the county, was a member of the order and would assist us any time, day or night, that we would call on him, to pass through the lines, and that a man named Dorton was also a member and would assist us.

Second. Harrison Bowman, a member, also told us that John Hamilton, sheriff, was a member and would assist us in getting through the lines, and with provisions, and that he lived on the south side of the North Fork of the Holston River; also told us of one William Dorton, a member, who would assist us. Told us most any of the people in that part of the country would assist us in getting off. He told McGill that he had written a letter, which had been found upon his little boy, describing the way for the enemy to come in and capture the post of Abingdon, where the arms were kept, how the jail was situated, &amp;c., but said the authorities would have too prove that he wrote it. He told us he had been staying out in the bushes for some length of time with some fifteen others, and that in oen hour more he would have gotten off, as all his arrangements had been made to leave. He said he expected the enemy to come in there in a few days.

Third. A man whose name I did not learn, who gave us the signs and passwords of the order. This man was dressed in a straw hat and a bedquilt over his shoulder made in squares. McGill says there are some five others in the same part of the jail, members of the order.

On the train between Dublin and Lynchburg found two memberent from Wytheville; told us they were members; passed the signs and passwods with them; one of them was E. B. Petrie, from Forsyth County, N. C. ; said the order was extensive in that country; the other, Linville Price, deserter from the Thirty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, from Ashe County, N. C. I think valuable information may be gotten from these men. They are confined now in Castle Thunder.

JNO. B. WILLIAMS.

THOS. MCGILL.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Honorable Secretary of War.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

CONFDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 8, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received a resolution adopted by the House of Representatives on the 14th of June, 1864, and referred by Your Excellency

