
to this Department, requesting the President "to transmit to the House at the commencement of the next session a tabular statement showing the product in each State of the 'tzx in kind' for the year 1863, said statement to exhibit the quantity of each article paid by the several States, the aggregate quantity contributed by all tgh States, and the value thereof, estimated as in cases of impressment. " In response, I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter and tabular stztement prepared by Lieut. Colonel Larkin Smith, assistant quartermaster-general, in charge of the tax in kind, with the approval of the Quartermaster-General, giving the information clled for by the House. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA,
Montgomery, Ala., November 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Herewith I forward copies of a communication from Governor Watts and my reply thereto; also copies of a note of inquiry from the commandant of conscripts and my response thereto, as well also a printed copy of a general order issued by Governor Watts, dated October 21, 1864. + These papers are forwarded as information and for such action as to the Departmehnt may seem proper. I shall bobey the orders given me, meeting force with force.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, Ala., November 8, 1864.

General J. M. WITHERS:

DEAR SIR: I learn that some of your enrolling officers have been taking by force officers of the State, holding not only my certificates, but those of Colonel Lockhart, commandant of conscripts. This state of things cannot long exist without a conflict between the Confederate and State authorities. I shall be compelled to protect my State officers with all the forces of the State at my command. I hoep you will see the importance of preventing such a condition of things by instructing your enrolling officers as to their duties. I did not expect to be under the necessity of writing to you on this subject after the conversation with me ten days since. I shall be pleased to hear from you on this subject.

Very respectfully,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA,
Montgomery, November 8, 1864.

His Excellency THOMAS H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date in which you state that you "learn that

---------------

*See p. 800.

+Order not found.

---------------

52 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

