
some of your (my) enrolling officers have been taking by force officers of the State holding, not only my (your) certificates, but those of Colonel Lockhart, commandant of cosncripts. " As you do not specify any instance in which force has been used by enrolling officers to put "officers of the State" in Confederate service, I am left without the information indispensable to instituting such investigation as would enable me to correct abuses, if any exist, and, if not, to the giving you correct explanations. No instructions have been given to enrolling officers not required by orders and instructions forwarded to me by the War Department. My personal feelings and my sense of policy and duty have united in making me most anxious to perpetuate the most frank and cordial co-operation with you in the discharge of the duties assigned me. For this purpose I have deferred to your wishes whenever I had the discretion to do so, and when I have had no discretion the subject of difference has been promptly referred to the War Department. Thus, in reference to the instructions to hold all persons liable to the Confederate service between the ages of seventeen and fifty years, and not to recognize the claims to exemption by any of these, should such claims be based on elections to State officers occurring subsequently to the 17th of February last, your communication was immediately forwarded to the Department. As no response has been received and no change in my instructions given, you know too well the obligations of an officer to suppose that I would hold a commission and fail or refuse to obey the orders given me.

In the conversation to which you allude there were three subjects to which I called your attention, and on which I thought there was at last a full agreement. The first was as to Stae officers, and to prevent conflict I requested to be furnished with a list of those pronounced by you indispensable and therefore exempt. No such list has been received and hence no specific instructions could by given by me. the second was as to persons liable to service in the reserve who had avoided that service by joining militia companies. The third was as to parties between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years in militia companies whose furloughs and details had been revoked and who were therefore liable to general service. In reference to each of these classes I understood that you would issue orders to have them turned over to the enrolling officers. Yet from your note in reference to Captain Stark's company I was induced to believe that yous till contended for the right to retain both classes in your militia companies so long as they were considered on duty. You cannot regret any conflict between State and Confederate States authority more than I do, yet you must recollect that whilst I hold a commission I can only exercise such discretion as is given me. That when none is given me I must carry out orders, and in doing so that I am in duty bound to use such force as may by absolutely necessary to insure success. Permit me, then, to suggest that in all cases where no discretion is given and in which there is possibility of conflict you address yourself to the Confederate Government, which, like the State government, is not so restricted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

