
[Inclosure No. 3.]

OFFICE COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS,

Montgomery, Ala., November 8, 1864.

Captain JOHN C. BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Reserves, Alabama:

Please inform me if paragraph V, General Orders, No. 11, is intended as a revocation of all certificates of exemption as State officers heretofore granted by the commandants of conscripts upon the certificate of His Excellency the Governor of Alabama, where such certificates are held by persons between the ages of sevneteen and fifty years, and where the parties have been elected or appointed to such State offices since the 17th of February, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. LOCKHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commandant.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVES,
Montgomery, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKHART,

Commandant of Conscripts:

COLONEL: In response to your communication of this date inquiring as to the intention of paragraph V, General Orders, No. 11, issued from these headquarters, I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the Secretary of War has decided that "all men between seventeen and fifty were enrolled by the act of 17th of February, 1864. " He also decided in the case of Andrew J. Perry, from Lowndes County:

If this party has been elected a justice of the peace since the 17th of February he is not entitled to exemption.

From this you will perceive that certificates of exemption to persons between seventeen and fifty years of age claiming to be State officers who have been elected since February 17, 1864, are inoperative and void. They avail nothing to protect persons holding them from being put into the Confederate service.

Respectfully,

JNO. C. BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 9, 1864.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I herewith transmit for your consideration a communicatin from the Secretary of War,* showing that a dangerous conspiracy exists in some of the counties of Southwestern Virginia and in the neighboring portions of North Carolina and Tennessee, which it is found impracticable to suppress by the ordinary course of law. The facts are so fully exhibited by the report and accompanying papers, herewith submitted, that I consider it unnecessary to repeat them or to do more than invite your early atention to disclosures upon which I deem it my duty to recommend the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus

---------------

*See p. 802.

---------------

