
general issue, and upon proof of a compliance with the provisions of this act, or of the regulations and instructions of the President, he or they shall be absolved from all responsibility thereof; and any person aggrieved by any of the acts of any of the officers or agents aforesaid, may file his petition before the district court of the district in which such district attorney, the said court may proceed summarily to hear and determine thereupon as law and justice may require, and the judgment of the said court, and the reasons thereof, shall be filed among the records of the court. And in case any release shall be granted, the judge may impose such condition as to giving bond and security as may, in his opinion, be necessary to secure this act from violation, and in case of refusal, may impose double or treble costs upon the petitioner, if the circumstances warrant it: Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to prohibit the Confederate States, or any of them, form exporting any of the articles herein enumerated, on their own account.

SEC. 6. That exclusive jurisdiction is conferred upon the district courts of the Confederate States, of all suits or actions that may arise under this act in behalf of the Confederate States, its officers and agents, for the recovery of all fines, penalties and forfeitures, imposed in the same, by indictment, information or action, according to the practice of the court, and the distribution of the penalties and fines shall be made, under and according to the laws now in force for violation of the revenue acts; and all laws for the mitigator and remittance of penalties and forfeitures shall be applied in similar cases.

SEC. 7. That it shall be lawful for the President, or such officers as he may designate, to employ any portion of the military or naval forces of the Confederacy, or of the militia, to prevent the illegal departure of any ship, vessel or other water craft, or for detailinsion of, and keeping in custody the same, or any wagon, cart, or other vehicle hereinbefore mentioned, their teams and drivers, and their products aforesaid, and to suppress and disperse any assembly of persons who may resist the expedition of this act, or oppose the fulfillment, by the officers, of the duties imposed by the same.

SEC. 8. That this act shall expire on the day of the ratification of a treaty of peace with the United States.

Approved February 6, 1864.

AN ACT to prohibit dealing in the paper currency of the enemy.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That no broker, banker, or dealer in exchange, or person concerned in trade as a merchant, or vender of merchandise of any description, or any other person, except within the lines of the enemy, shall buy, sell, take, circulate, or in any manner trade in any paper currency of the United States: Provided, That the purchase of postage stamps shall not be considered a violation of this act.

SEC. 2. That any person violating the provisions of this act shall be subject to indictment and prosecution in the Confederate court holden for the district in which the offense was committed, and shall, upon conviction, forfeit the amount so bought, sold, circulated or used, or a sum equal thereto; and shall be, moreover, subject to a fine of not more than twenty thousand dollars nor less than five hundred, and be imprisoned not less than three months, nor more than three years,

