
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 10, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Officers of the State of Alabama, certified by you to be necessary to State administration, are exempt. Officers of the police of Selma are, I suppose, not considered as State officers. Cannot the courts decide? I only wish to enforce the laws, and deprecate conflict with the authorities of the State.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., November 10, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., General Garnder's Headquarters:

MAJOR: In reply to your application I am instructed by the Honorable Secretary of War to say that your original authority "to enlist a battalion of infantry from among the foreigners now prisoners of war at Millen, Andersonville, and other poins in Georgia" is enlarged to the extent that you are now authorized to effect such enlistments among the same class of prisoners confined in any of the military prisons under the control of Brigadier-General Gardner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Judge Campbell wishes to see you with reference to an officer whom he recommends to be connected with your proposed organization.

J. B. H.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 12, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. W. L. BRANDON,

Commanding Reserves of Mississippi, Enterprise, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th ultimo, addressed to the Adjutant-General, has been referred to me. I regret seriously that any difference of opinion exists between the Governor of Mississippi and yourself in relation to he liability of men to military service under the laws of conscription, especially that which directs the organization of the reserves.

I deprecate any conflict with the State authorities on this or any other subject, but as head of his Department and an officer acting under Confederae authority I am bound to administer and enforce the acts of Congress according to their fiar and just intendment. Those acts being, as I am bound to consider, and as I believe they undoubtedly are, constitutional, form a part of the supreme law of the land and are obligatory upon all, not less on the State authorities than those of the Confederacy. By those acts all persons of the military age prescribed are placed at once in the service of the Confederacy. They cannot, therefore, longer be the subject of enrollment or enlistment for State troops. Doubt might exist in regard to the operation of the law upon such troops as had been previously constituted, in the language of the Constitution, troops of war by any State,

