
but none can arise as to the thse who had not been previously recurited or who were mere militia. All such, therefore, are liable to conscription, or to organizatin as reserves, according to their ages, and the plain duty is incumbent, both upon this Department and its officers, to proceed with all courtesy and respect, but with firmness, to execute the law. As far as I can perceive, the organizations formed by the Governor of Mississippi are purely those of militia. They cannot, therefore, present any claim for exemtion from the operation of these laws, and however reluctant to contravene the views of the Governor, I see no alternative for the Department or yourself but to proceed to claim the members liable to service with the Army or the reserves. You will, of course, do this in a manory and respectful as may be compatible with the performance of duty, explaining to the Governor the construction placed by the Department upon the laws and your instructions in respect to them.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 271.
 Richmond, November 14, 1864.

* * * *

II. The Thirtieth Georgia Battalion, Lieut. Colonel Andrew Young, with the addition of the four companies raised under authority of the War Department where the conscript act could not be enforced, will constitute the Eleventh Georgia Cavalry.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. GEORGIA RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF GEORGIA,

Macon, Ga., November 14, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have here for a single day to attend to the business of my office, and shall return in the morning to the command in front of Atlanta. I was gratified to receive your letter* approving my course and policy in reference to the militia, and beg to say that nothing has been done or said to yield the claim of the Confederate Government upon the detailed men when the militia is not engaged in active service.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, &c.

HEADQUARTERS,
Petersburg, November 14, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Brigadier Gen. J. G. Martin, who has ben on duty at Salisbury for some days, informs me from the inquiries he made he thinks 2,000

---------------

*October 31, p. 748.

---------------

