
or 3,000 foreigners now held there as prisoners of war could be enlisted in our service. He also states that authority for this purpose has been given to several persons by the War Department, and that the company officers are to be elected by the members of the company. If they are taken from emong themselves I fear they may be neither effective nor reliable. How would it answer to organize these men into the Regular Army, with officers appointed by the President, and the whole under one good officer? The men could then be placed in camp, instructed, and disciplined. By the spring they would make a valuable addition to the Army. General Martin thinks that by proper management this force could be increased to 7,000 or 8,000. The subject is respectfully referred to you for consideration.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES, MISSISSIPPI,
Enterprise, November 15, 1864.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: I have the honor to bring a matter to your immediate attention, which I deem to be of the most vital importance at this crisis of our affairs. Early in September last Governor Clark, of this State, issued a proclamation calling for six-months' volunteers. As he did not restrict the officers, authorized by his order to raise these companies, to the militia, I addressed him a communication to know whether he proposed to admit the men of the military age or of the reserve classes into this organization of Stae volunteers. He answered, "I propose to receive volunteers for six months without regard to age," against which I protested and telegraphed his answer (a copy of which is inclosed, marked A) o the Department, and asked for instructions. I adopted this course, becuase I was unofficially informed by Judge Fisher, now a colonel of one of the State volunter regiments, that the Governor had had a correspondence with the Honorable Secretary of War on the subject, and that he did not dissent from his right to take these men into his volunteer organization. Governor Clark reiterated nearly the same to me a a subsequent interview on the subject, viz: Though the Secretary did not concur, yet he made no objection to his right to the men of all ages. I brought the matter to the attention of Lieutenant-General Taylor, and he replied that he had said to Governor Clark it made no difference who got the men out, as they were to be assigned to the command of the officers of the C. S. Army in the field.

I dissented from the general's views and told him it had operated very prejudicially both to the business of conscription and the enrollment of the reserves. Previously to the Governor's action the men were enrolling themselves quite rapidly. Now force has to be used to compel them, and as all the organized regiments of cavalry of the reserves were at the front, the business of conscription and enrollment had in a great measure ceased.

This organization will undoubtedly be a weak one, for the reason that the men who were rushing into it were those who had skulked the service from the beginning of the war. They will not be amenable to the courts-martial of the C. S. Army, and their courts-martial would be composed of officers of same class, who would sumpathize with the men, and their findings and execution of the sentences would

