
be a farce. Neither discipline nor good order be preserved and the troops would be very inefficient, and I fear when they come to act against the enemy will disgrace both themselves and their State.

In opposition to the Governor's claim, I replied to him, the Constitution empowered the Congress to provide an army for the common defense. The States had accepted the act of conscription and it was now being carried into effect to provide and sustain such a force. If he was right in regard to his powers under the Constitution the Governors of the States of America would be powerless to provide an army for the general defense, for the men liable to conscription or enrollment would go into the State service in preference to being enlisted into the general service. As an evidence of the truth of this they are now going into that organization, even after being enrolled by the conscript officers, instead of reporting to the camp of instruction. And it will be very difficult to get them out; to effect which I issued a general order to have every man reported who has taken this course, with the intention to assign them to the general service.

After having telegraphed the Department in regard to this matter I made a written report, forwarding with it copies of all pepers to General Cooper and asking for instructions. Deeming it a matter of too much importance to be passed over, I have presumed on your indulgence to bring it to your immediate attention. I feel seriously embarrassed, for I fear it will operate a failure of my exertions to get the men in the field. I am anxious to do my whole duty in the position you have done me so much honor by placing me, and will carry out your instructions to be best of my abilities.

I have the honor to be, with great regard, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRAomdg. Reserve Forces of the State of Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 10, 1864.

Secretary of War for perusal and remarks.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

A.

MACON, September 20, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. W. L. BRANDON,

Enterprise, Miss.:

GENERAL: The State of Mississippi has to defend herself in future. For this defense I propose to receive volunteers for six months without regard to age. If mustered into State service previous to enrollment or conscription, I have no doubt of my right to them as "troops of war" of the State.

I am, general, very respectfully,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 17, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant, and to thank you for the suggestion contained

