
in it relative to the enlistments for our Army of the foreigners among the prisoners of war held by us. For some time pst my attention has been attracted to that mode of recruiting, and I have given to officers supposed to be competent, in several instances, permits to raise battalions, directing them to prefer Irish and French, and to enlist no citizens of the United States. The latter, especially native born, I hold in great distrust. I preferred to form battalions to regiments, becuase I doubted the expediency of having so many of this material together as a regiment required.

While authorizing the formation of these few battalions as an experiment, I all the time preferred, and directed the officers of prisons to promote, general enlistments and the distribution of the men enlisted among the regiments of our different armies, selecting, as far as practicable, those which had been originally composed of foreign material. I have, too, authorized several officers whose commands had been greatly depleted, to recruit for them from this source. Among others, General York, while wounded here, has obtained this permission and proposes to visit the prisons, taking with him one or more Catholic chaplains, whose influence, he thinks, may be profitably exercised upon those of the same religious persuasion. I shall be pleased to give similar authority to recruit to any officers in your army whom you may recommend, and who are wiling in that way to replenish their commands.

You hae, I beleive, a Virginia battalion, originally composed of Irish, now greatly reduced by the casualties of seht, probably, in that way be re-established in numbers and efficiency. I have applied to Congress to give the power of appointing officers whenever new organizations are formed from such material. I presume this power will be granted to the Executive. In the absence of such power, with one battalionalone, first organized, I restored to the form of an election, the men readily accepting and electing such officers as were prosented to them; but I considered the precedent a bad one, and that it filling vacancies hereafter they might really exercise the privilege of selection for which they would be qualified neither by intelligence nor trustworthiness.

The suggestion made by you to enlist these men for the Regular Army will be sumitted to the President; but as we have not the requisite officers of the Confederate Army, and serious objection is entertained to the permanent appointment of such officers during the war, I think it preferable to obtain, if practicable, the powr of appointing from Congress, and to enlist for the Provisional Army.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., November 17, 1864.

General A. R. WRIGHT and OTHERS,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Yours of the 11th received, with copy of resolutions inclosed. * I had no previous knowledge of them. The first and second are truths often declared; the third, if fairly construed, is but the announcement of our theory of government, but under existing circumstances

---------------

*Neither letter nor inclosure found, but see resume in Davis to Wright et al., next, post.

---------------

