
its terms might suggest conclusion injurious to the recognition of the compact between the Confederate States. The rest are regarded by me as objectionable, if not dangerous. Will reply more fully by mail.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., November 17, 1864.

The Honorable Senators of Georgia, Messrs. A. R. WRIGHT, T. L. GUERRY, J. M. CHAMBERS, THOMAS E. LLOYD, FRED. H. WEST, and RO. B. NISBET:

GENTLEMEN: I answered by telegram your letter of the 11th instant this morning, as requested, and now respectfully comply with your desire that I should express my views on the subject to which you invite my attention. In forwarding to me the resolutions introduced in the House of Representatives of Georgia by Mr. Stephens, of Hancock, you state that you are not inclined to favor the passage of these or any similar resolutions, believing them to have a tendency to create divisions among ourselves and to unite and strengthen our enemies, but hat it is to assert in Milledgeville that I favor such action on the part of the States, and would be pleased to see Georgia cast her influence in that way. You are kind enough to say that if this be true, and that if the passage of these or similar resolutions would in the slightest degree aid or assit me in bringing the war to a successful and speedy close, you will give them your earnest and hearty support. I return you my cordial thanks for this expression of confidence, but assure you that there is no truth in the assertions which you mention, and I presume that you will already have seen by the closing part of my annual message, which must have reached you since the date of your letter, that I have not contemplated the use of any other agency in treating for peace than that established by the Constitution of the Constitution of the Confederate States. That agency seems to me to be well adapted to its purpose and free from the injurious consequences that would follow any other means that have been suggested.

The objection to separate State action which you present in your letter appears to be so conlusive as to admit no reply. The immediate and inevitable tendency of such distinct actionby each Stae is to create discordant instead of united counsels; to sugies the possiblity of a dissolution of the Confederacy, and to encourage them by the spectable of our divisions to more determined and united action against us. They would readily adopt the false idea that some of the States of the Confederacy are disposed to abandon their sister States and make separate terms of peace fromm themselves; and if such a suspicion, however unfounded, were once engendered among our own people, it would be destructive of that spirit of mutual confidence and support which forms our chief reliance for success in themainternance of our cause.

When the proposal of separate State action was first mooted it appeared to me so impracticable, so void of any promise of good, that I gave no heed to the proposal; but upon its adoption by citizens whose position and ability give weight to he expression of their opinions, I was led to a serious conisderation of he subject. My first impressions have not been changed by relfection.

If all the States of the two hostile federations are to meet in convention, it is plain that such a meeting can only take place after an agreement as to the time, place, and terms on which they are to meet.

