
Now, without discussing the minor, although not rifling, difficulties of agreeing as to time and place, it is certain that the States would never consent to a convention without a previous agreement as to the terms on which they were to meet. The proposed convention must meet on the basis either that no State should, against its own will, be bound by the decision of the convention, or that it should be so bound. But it is plain that an agreement on the basis that no State should be bound without is consent by the result of the deliberations, wold be an abandonment on the part of the North of its pretended right of coercion; would be an absolute recognition of the independence of the several States of the Confederacy; would be, in a word, so complete a concession of the rightfuse that the most visionary cannot hope for such an agreement in advance of the meeting of a convention. The only other possible basis of meeting is that each State should agree beforehand to be bound by the decision of the convention, and such beforehand to be bound by the decision of the convention, and such an agreement is but another form of submission to Northern dominion, as we well know that in such a convention we should be outnumbered nearly two to one. On the very threshold of the scheme proposed, therefore, we are met by an obstacle which cannot be removed. Is not the impracticable character of the project apparent?

You will observe that I leave entirely out of view the suggestion that a convention of all the States of both federations should be held by common consent without any previous understanding as to the effect of its decessions; should meet merely to debate and pass resolutions that are to bind no one. It is not supposed that this can really be the meaning attached to the proposal by those who are active in its support, although the resolutions to which you invite my attention declare that the function of such a convention would be simply to propose a plan of peace, with the consent of the two belligerents; or, in other words, to act as negotiatiors in treating for peace. This part of the scheme is not intelligible to me. If the convention is only held wih the consent of the two belligerents, that consent cannot be obtained withoout negotiation. The plan then would resolve itself into a scheme that the two Governments should negotiate an agreement for the appointment of negotiators to make proposals foro a treaty. It seems much more prompt and simple to negotiate for peace at once than to negotiate for the appointment of negotiators, who are to meet without power to do anything but make proposals.

If the Government of the United States is will to make peace, it will treat for peace directly. If unwilling, it will refuse to consent to the convention of States. hese resolutions and those who concur, in his views appear to me to commit the radical error of supposing that the obstacle to obtaining the peace which we all desire consists in the defficulty of finding proper agencies for negotiating, so that the whole scope of the resolutions ends in nothing but suggesting that if the enemy will treat, the best agency would be State delegates to a convention; whereas the whole and only obstacle is that the enemy will not treat at all, or entertain any other proposition than that we should submit to their yoke, acknowledge that we are criminals, and appeal to their mercy for pardon.

After this statement of objections it may appear superfluous to add others of less gravity, but as you invite a full expression of my views I will add that history is replete with instances of the interminable difficulties and delays which attend the attempt to negotiate on great

