
and conflicting interests when the parties to the negotiation are numerous. If this has been the case whee the parties possessed full powers to conclude a treaty, what can we hope from an assemblage of negotiators from thirty or forty States who, in the midst of an exas perating warfare, are to meet without power to conlude anything? In the history of our own country we find that in a time of profound peace, when the most cordial bortherhood of sentiment existed, and when a long and bloody war had been brought to a triumphant close, it required two years to assemble a convention and bring its deliberations to an and, and another to procure the retification of their labors. With such a war as the present in progress, the views of the large assemblage of negotiators proposed would undrgo constant change, according to the vicissitudes of the struggle and the attempt to secure concordant views would soon be abandoned and leave the parties more embittered than ever-less hopeful of the possiblity of successful negotiation.

Agan, how is the difficulty resulting from the conflicting pretensions of the two belligerent in regard to several of the States to be overcome? Is it supposed that Virginia would enter into a convertion with a delegation from what our enemies choose to term the "State of West Virginia," and thus recognize an insolent and violent dismemberment of her territory? Or would the United States consent that "West Virginia" should be deprived of her pretensions to equal rights after having formally admitted her as a State and allowed her to vote at a Presidential election? Who would send a delegation from Louisiana, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri? The enemy claims to hold the government of those States, while we assert them to be members of the Confederacy. Wold delegates be received from bvoth sides? If so, there would soon be a disruption of the convention. If delegates are received from neither side, then a number of the States most vitally interested in the result would remain unrepresented, and what value could be attached to the mere recommendations of a body of negotiators under such circumstances? Various other considerations suggest themselves, but enough has been said to justify my conlcusion that the porposal of separate State action is unwise, impracticable, and offers no prospect of good to counterbalance its manifold injurious consequences to the cause of our country.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[NOVEMBER 17, 1864. -For Cooper to Taylor, authorizing a call for the reserves to resist Sherman's army, see Series I, VOL. XLV, part I, p. 1218.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 17, 1864.

Major R. J. MOSES,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence:

MAJOR: Your letter of 4th instant has been received. The act of Congress of March 26, 1863, to regulate impressments (see General Orders, No. 37, 1863) made a discrimination between the owners who produced or raised the article which was the subject of impressment, or who held it for consumption, and those who held it for sale, in respect of the mode of ascertaining the price or just compensation to

