
at the discretion of said court; and it shall be the duty of the judges of the several Confederate courts to give this at specially in charge to the grand jury.

SEC. 3. That this act shall not be constructed to apply to any person acting in behalf of the Government of the Confederate States, by special authority from the President, or any of the heads of departments.

Approved February 6, 1864.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., ORDNANCE BUREAU, Richmond, February 6, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to say, in reply to the communication of His Excellency the Governor of Florida,* relating to arms, which was referred to this Bureau for attention, that on the 5th of September, 1863, an order was made on the Augusta Arsenal for 2,000 Austrian rifles and 100,000 rounds of ammunition, to be forwarded to the Columbus Arsenal for issue to General H. Cobb. At the same time by my direction a letter was written to Major Humphreys, commanding the Columbus Arsenal, requesting him to issuto his arsenal on requisition approved by General Cobb, as "the President thinks it better that these arms should be issued through General Cobb, rather than Governor Milton. " In regard to the wipers, they could have been supplied at any time upon requisition. On the 1st of February a requisition from Major G. W. Scott, commanding the Fifth Florida Battalion Cavalry, approved by Governor Milton and the commanding general of the department, was referred to Major Humphreys, commanding C. S. arsenal, Columbus, with instructions to supply the cavalry equipments. Orders were also made on the Richmond and Macon Arsenals to furnish all the musketoons on hand, which will number 300 or upward.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

MEMORANDUM. -Papers are forwarded to the Quartermaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 10, 1864.

Let this, with Governor Milton's letter, be referred to Major Barton.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 16.
 Richmond, February 6, 1864.

I. The Bureau of Conscription affords adequate means for bringing into service persons liable to military duty; and all authorities given prior to December 1, 1863, to raise troops from men not within the lines of the enemy, or to recruit for any particular command in the field, are hereby revoked.

---------------

*See p. 45.

---------------

