
[NOVEMBER 19, 1864. -For Hartridge, Echols, et al., to the people of Georgia, urging that "every man fly to arms" to resist Sherman's army, see Series I, VOL. XLIV, p. 869.]

[NOVEMBER 19, 1864. -For proclamation of Governor Brown, ordering a leavy en masse of white males between agest of sixteen and fifty-five years, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 375.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, November 20, 1864.

Colonel I. M. ST. JOHN,

Chief of Bureau:

COLONEL: Your questions on the iron service are herinafter replied to in their order:

First. What furnaces continue in blast in Virginia?

Eighteen furnaces remain in blast in Virginia, or rather have been able to get in blast at a late day, as follows: Marion Magnetic, Smyth County; Beauregard, Grey Eagle, Barren Springs, Wythe County; Lucy Selina (worked by Government), Rockbridge County; boyd's Furnace, Botetourt County; Amherst, Amherst County; Estilino, Augusta County; Victoria, Louisia County; Roaring Run, Alleghany County; Union, Patrick County; Liberty, Shenandoah County; Westham (worked by Government), Henrico County; Catawba, Rebecca, Botetourt County; Glenwood, Rockbridge County; Australia, Alleghany County; Caroline (will suspend under Order 82), Shenandoah County.

Very few of these eighteen furnaces have been able, however, tgo make a full blast. The want of labor and subsistence and the movements of the enemy have operated to prevent work for some time at all of them except three, and one fo them has been twice burned by the enemy. They hae not averaged more than a half blast, and some of them must cease work unless the contractors are allowed greater facilities for securing supplies.

Second. What available furnaces are out of blast?

Thirteen furnaces are now out of blast, and for the following reasons: Mount Hope, Wythe County, want of labor and supplies; Graham's, Wythe County, want of labor and stock; California, Rockbridge, ore bank exhausted; Buena Vista, Rockbridge, burned by the enemy; Elizabeth, Augusta, burned by the enemy; Catharine, Spotsylvania, burned by the enemy; Mount Torry, Augusta, burned by the enemy; Columbia, Shenandoah, burned by the enemy (Order 82 would have suspended); Mount Vernon, Augusta, burned by the enemy (Order 82 would have suspended); PAGEIron Works, Shenandoah, suspended by Order 82 aftger January 1, 1865. Three of these thirteen could not work for lack of labor, and three had to suspend under General Orders, No. 81. Also the Caroline furnace, though still in blast, will soon suspend under this order, a few men being only left to work up the stock on hand. The Elizabeth, Grace, Cloverdale, Mount Torry, Buena Vista, and Catharine are being reuiblt, and if labor can be secured will probably work next year.

Third. What plan is adopted under order of chief of Bureau for the inspection of the furnaces?

