
The district superintendents are required to send from each furnace, if possible, a semi-monthly, but certainly a monthly, report of the following character:

Furnance report to

-----

.

Tons.

Name of	 In or	 Per day.	 At	 Heuled	 Quality

works. 	 out of	 	 furnace.	 and

 blast. 	 	 	 ready to

 	 	 	 ship.

Force.

Name of	 Weeks	 Subjec	 Exempt	 Negroe	 Total. 	 Remarks

works. 	 stock	 ted to	 	 s., &amp;c.

 on	 milita

 hand. 	 ry

 	 duty.

In addition to these reports an inspecting officer of special qualifications goes from furnace to furnace, as time will allow, and reports directly to the chief of Bureau upon the general management of the furnaces, their condition, and prospects.

Fourth. Compare furnace results in Virginia and Alabama, and state why at this late day the Alabama system of large furnaces cannot be applied in Virginia, giving instances of the scarcity of ore.

The Alabama furnaces have probably attained a higher daily yeild than those in Virginia. In one case the Government furnace in Bibb County, Ala., averaged through the month thirteen tons of iron per day, and at another furnance I think an average of ten tons per day was atained for one month. Still, the difference of yield has not been so grat as these cases would indicate. From many disturbing causes incident to war much time has been lost at the Alabama furnaces, and the daily average would scarcely exceed, if equal, four tons per day, which most of the Virginia furnaces aim to reach for such time as they cans ecure stock to keep in blast. The Alabama iron region is new, and all the furnace localities abound with ore and fuel, and private enterprise, aided in most cases by the Government, availing itself of modern information, has erected large and improved furnaces where fuel, or, and sbusistence are very abundant. The Virginia mineral region, on the other hand, has been worked for many years, and most of its furnaces are old, and hence small; but having been worked so long, fueld has become alarmingly scarce, and many furnaces have a most precarious supply of ore, this article being fequently hauled for miles in wagons-in one case as far as ten miles. Two of the largest furnaces in the State have been idle a long time for want of ore, the banks from which they have heretofore been supplied, and which were considered inexhaustible, having very suddenly given out. It is very doubtful whether the Westham Furnace can be continued in blast, for up to this time no ore bank has been found on the line of the canal which will supply the necessary ore. There are few, if any, mineral veins in Virginia, nearly all of its ores existing in pockets or detailed masses, the size and extent of which can only be ascertained by actual experiment; hence all mining is very precarious. Ore banks pronounced by the most experienced miners to be boundless have given out after a few months' work.

53 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

