
When ore happens to be abundant the wood has been nearly all cut, and no situation is now known to me in this State where stock-meaning fueld and ore-could be procured for a furnace to make ten tons of iron per dya. But were the case otherwise, it would be impossible to maintain the force required for so large a furnace. Each furnace depends upon its own locality for supplies of bread and meat and forage, it being almost impossible to bring them from adistance in the present state of trasportation, and no one neighborhood could support so large a force. The small furnaces find it extremely difficult to feed their laborers. If fuel, ore, and food were as convenient and abudant as in Alabala, the large furnace system would even now be adopted; but the scarcity of all these is thought to render it impraticable entirely. The present small furnaces of Virginia would afford an ample supply of iron if the service was placed upon a proper footing, as will be indicated below.

Fifth. Stae the working of the present plan of countracting for partial yield of furnace.

This plan has been found most advantageous in that while it secures to the Government one-half of all iron made at a very moderate price, it offers to contractors a great stimulus for the largest possible yield. It was absolutely essential that some iron should be put on the market to supply agricultural and other interests. The plan now pursued gives the Government one-half of all iron made at a price not much, if at all, above cost, and a preference over all other purchasers for the remaining half.

Sixth. State what essentials of labor, stock, and supplied must be demanded to guarantee a supply of iron for the next year.

The iron force was much too small before one-fifth of the men were taken away under General Orders, No. 82. These men must be replaced and an addition of 300 men fully be made to the previous force, with an increase of from 100 to 150 horses or mules. Should this labor be furnished promptly, and the service placed upon a proper footing before all army officers, but little apprehension need be flet for the iron supply, for all difficulties of fuel and ore will in that event be overcome. But it is absolutely essential that the iron masters shall have more support from the Government than herefore. The manufacture of pig-iron in Virginia was a very hazardous enterprise, even before the war, and but two men are known to me who ever met with success. All the difficulties have been much increased by the war, and the much greater difficulty of securing supplies added to them. But all these could have been overcome if the iron masters had been properly protected against the interference of Government officers. Ample general orders exist on this subject, but they are not respected, and it has never been found possible to have any officer punished for their violation. it will suffice to mention one notable case where a quartermaster, Captain Hoof, of General Rosser's brigade, not only impressed supplies from the contractors, but from the Goverment furnaces, thereby causing the actual starvation of some of the furnace mules, and making it necessary to hire out the furnace labor to prevent a similar result. On hearing the facts the Secretary of War immediately ordered Captain Hoof to be relieved from duty and to report in Richmond, but this order, now some nine months old, has never been obeyed, and Captain H. remains on his original duty. The iron master is a necessity, and should be cherished as such, and allowed the same facilities for securing subsistence and forage as are enjoyed by commissaries and quartermasters; and

