
his supplies once secured should not be touched for any other purpose. Unless this encouragement and protection is afforded the contractors will become disheartened and give up. They cannot possibly carry on their operations under the present system of protection, which exists only on paper.

Very respectfully, yours,

RICHARD MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[Indorsement.]

NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., November 21, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War in connection with views already presented. Especial attention is requested to the suspension of thirteen furnaces in Virginia, and to the cause of that suspension. For further information the officer directly in charge is directed (in hading this paper) to be prepared to answer all questions.

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Colonel and Chief of Bureau.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 84.
 Richmond, Va., November 21, 1864.

* * * *

IV. Detailed soldiers will not be transferred by officers with whom they are upon duty to other officers without authority from this office or from the general commanding the army to which the soldiers belong. Detailed conscripts will be transferred only by the authority of the chief of the Bureau of Conscription.

V. The telegraph will b used as economically as possible, and messages will not be sent by it without the approval of thec commanding officer present. Where the telegram exceeds ten words, the voucher for its payment must embrace in his certificate that it was not for the personal benefit of the person by whom it was sent, and that it was necessary, and obtained official business which could not be transacted by mail without detriment to the public service.

VI. Supplies collected or held by county or district agents forthe benefit of soldiers' families are not liable to impressment.

VII. Paragraph XIII, General Orders, No. 34, current sereis, is amended to allow all retired soldiers who may enter any university, college, or school to draw their rations in kind at the nearest post.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 21, 1864.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to your resolution of the 8th instant I herewith transmit a communication from the Secretary of War, which conveys the ifnormation requested relative to the act of June 14, 1864, "to provide and organize a general staff. "

