
The seventh section of the act invests the Executive with the discretion which has been exercised. The eighth section, by restricting appointments, indicates the course which has been pursued in the attempt to ascertain with accuracy the number of officers in the serveral staff corps, so as to distribute them in accordance with the order from the Adjutant-General's Office, a copy of which is annexed, as well as to ascertain whether there are not supernumerary staff officers now in commission who should be discharged.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 17, 1864.

THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received a copy of the following resolution, adopted by the House of Representatives on the 8th instant, and referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to infrm the House whether any appointments have been made under the act entitled "An act to provide and organize a general staff for the armies in the field to serve during the war," approved June 14, 1864, and if not, why have not such appointments been made in pursuance of said act.

In response, I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from the Adjutant-General, reporting that no appointments have been made under the act referred to. In addition to the explanation afforded by that report, showing the discretion vested in you by the act and the adequancy of previous regulations to meet the necessity of a staff organization, it may not be imporper to advert to the fact that soon after the adjournment of Congress your attention was called by the chariman of the Military Committee of the Senate to he serious incoveniences which might result from the promotion of certain officers of the staff cotemplated by that act, and the suggestion made that, in regard to them at least, it might be better not to enforce the law, as additional legislation would probably be attempted at the next session. This circumstance, it is believed, contributed to guide the discretion exercised under the act in not enforcing the same, as inconveniences would naturally have resulted from giving the rank contempalted to some portion of the staff and withholding it from others.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., November 15, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of communication from His Excellency the President, referred to me for report, containing copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives dated the 8th instant, and in these words:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to inform this House whether any appointments have been amde the act entitled "An act to provide and organize a general staff for the armies in the field to serve during the war," approved 14th June, 1864, and if not, why, have not such appointments been made in pursuance of said act.

