
In accordance with your instructions I have the honor to report that no appointments have been made under the act above recited.

The seventh section of the act is in these words:

The President is hereby authorized to reduce the number of officers authorized by this act to the staff of any general officer, oir to increase the same when, in his opinion, the service will be benefited thereby.

On the 29th of April, 1864, prior to the passage of the act, the President caused to be issued from this office General Orders, No. 44 (a copy of whichis inclosed),* prescribing the number of staff officers, not to exceed certain greades, which he deemed necessary to he several commands in the field. These orders have not been revoked, the President having, I presume, availed himself of the authority conferred in the seventh section of the act not to increase the number and rank of staff officers beyond the provisions of the orders. To carry out these orders the legislation prior to the act of the 14th of June is sufficient.

Permit me to add that I have heard no complaint from any quarter that the number and rank of the staff officers provided for by general orders are not sufficient for all the purposes of commands in the field.

I have the, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

RICHMOND, June 15, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: In considering the recent acts of Congress in regard to the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments and the general staff bill, I think it is to be regretted that it was not provided in both these measures that the President might, if he thought proper, make all appointments above the rank of major with temporary rank only.

The appointment of quartermasters with the rank of colonel will, as the department is now organized, cause them to rank every officer in the department except one or two. In the Commissary Department they will rank all but one. This should be avoided if possible, as it would be a great injustice to many valuable and meritorious officers.

I think we can remedy it at the next session of Congress, and I take the liberty of recommending that these appointments may be delayed until this fault in these measures can be corrected.

As you are authorized to assign officers to these positions, I cannot see that the public interest can suffer by adopting this course.

Very respectfully, your friend,

EDWARD SPARROW.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, APPOINTMENT BUREAU,

November 12, 1864.

Offical copy.

ED. A. PALFREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the above were the following indoresements:

Secretary of War for attention and remarks:

J. D.

---------------

*Omitted, but see p. 352.

---------------

