
JUNE 23, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President.

The suggestions of Mr. Sparrow, expecially in view of his position as chairman of the Military Committee of the Senate, are entitled to weight. L Some grave inconveniences will certainly result from the increase in rank required by the staff bill, and if assurance can be felt that the amendment proposed will meet the approval of the Congress at its next session it would be expedient to fill the positions for the present by assignmenta and abstain from increasing rank permanently, as proposed by the fact.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

JUNE 25, 1864.

Adjutant-General for future reference, &amp;c.

J. D.

JUNE 28, 1864.

File for future reference and keeping the subject in mind, with the understanding that no action will be taken on the general staff bill of June 14, 1864, without special instructions.

S. C.

NOVEMBER 15, 1864.

This copy of original paper on file in this office is respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, in connecting with communication of this date in relation to the general staff act of June 14, 1864.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 276.
 Richmond, November 21, 1864.

* * * *

V. The seven Louisiana companies now serving in the organization known as Powers' Regiment of Cavalry are hereby organized into a battalion, to be known as the Eighteenth Louisiana Battalion Cavalry.

VI. The three Mississippi companies now serving in the organization known as Powers' Regiment of Cavalry are hereby organized into a battalion, to be known as the Twenty-third Mississippi Battalion Cavalry.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Petersburg, November 21, 1864.

Major Gen. J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th instant with regard to the organization of the negro laborers to be attached to the armies of the Confederacy under the act of Congress of 17th of February, 1864, has

