
II. Recruits enlisted by authority for new companies which have not at this time seventy-two non-commissioned officers and privates actually mustered upon the rolls will be turned over to the Bureau of Conscription and allowed to select any infantry company they may prefer, under the provisions of paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 7, 1864.

III. Persons acting under authorities to enlist men for new companies, either without or within the lines of the enemy, granted since 1st of December, 1863, will at once report to the commanding general of the department in which they may be copies of such authority, with further authorization from such commanders, their power will expire at the end of thirty days from the date of this order.

IV. The preceding orders are not intended to have any effect in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

V. Commandants of posts and officers of the Conscription Bureau will enforce this order.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 8, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,
Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The present decision of the Department on the provision s of the act of Congress approved April 16, 1862, section 10, seems to be that an officer or private can only be promoted for valor and skill to a vacancy in his own company. This limits the promotions for valor and skill to such an extent that it renders the law almost a dead letter. I would earnestly recommend that if this is the true interpretation of the law that it be modified so as to permit promotions on this account to any company or regiment from the same State, or at least to any company in the regiment from the same State, or at least to any company in the regiment to which the private or officer belongs. It is very important to increase the number of these promotions and to render them more certain. In the coming campaign we should use every incentive to acts of daring and skillful and brave conduct on the part of officers and men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, February 8, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The letters of Messrs. Isaac Shelby and Charles F. Johnson, dated 22nd of January, in which they propose to exchange meat for cotton, referred by you to Colonel Northrop for "consideration and report" and by him to me, has been considered. For reasons which will appear in the sequel I submit the report directly to you, a fact known to and approved by Colonel Northrop. I have made so many

