
the 20,000 slaves authorized by law and heretofore ordered to be impressed; that the same be sent in convenient gangs under proper guards to the armies in the field, to be attached temporarily to the engineer troops serving with the same, and to the harbors of Wilmington, Charleston, Savannah, and Mobile, to be employed oon the coast defenses, strict care being taken as to preserving accurate records, as suggested in my letter to General Lee.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief Engineer of Bureau.

[Sedond indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 26, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

General Gilmer's indorsement approved. Have order in conformity with the arrangement proposed prepared and submitted. General Gilmer will aid Colonel Clay in its preparation if desired.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., November 21, 1864.

Vice-President STEPHENS,

Crawfordville, Ga.:

SIR: In the Augusta Constitutionalist, communicated by yourself, I find published a letter addressed by you to Hon. Thomas J. Seems, C. S. Senate, in which is contained the following passage:

I know there are many persons amongst us, whose opinions are entitled to high consideration, who do not agree with me on the question of McClellan's election. They prefer Lincoln to McClellan. Perhaps the President belongs to that class. Judging from his acts, I should think that he did.

Your public station gives importance to the statement, and the possible effect upon those Northern men who desire to terminate the war, and who supported the election of McClellan, is too obvious to require comment. I am quite at a loss to imagine the basis for your conclusion, and have therefore to ask to what acts of mine you refer.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 277.
 Richmond, November 22, 1864.

* * * *

II. Company D, Thirty-fifth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, is hereby disbanded. The members of this company are permitted to join such other companies of the battalion as they may select; but failing to make such selection, they will be promptly distributed among the other companies of the battalion by the brigadier-general commanding.

III. The First Battalion North Carolina Reserves, with the unattached company commanded by Captain W. R. Williams, which is hereby added thereto, will constitute the Second Regiment North Carolina Reserves.

IV. The ten companies comprising the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Battalions of North Carolina Reserves, as organized under the orders of Lieutenant-General Holmes, will constitute the Third Regiment North Carolina Reserves.

