
V. The organization of the Eighth Battalion of North Carolina Reserves (Millard's), consisting of three companies, is hereby recognized and made the action of the War Department. It will hereafter be designated as the First Battalion North Carolina Reserves.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOVEMBER 23, 1864. -For Maury to Watts and Clark, calling for State troops from Alabama and Mississippi to defend Mobile, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XLV, Part I, p. 1241.]

[NOVEMBER 23, 1864. -For Davis to Bragg, in regard to the suspension of the law restricting reserve troops to service within their State, see Series I, VOL. XLII, Part III, p. 1226.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF TAXES,

Richmond, November 23, 1864.

Hon. G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: The accompanying letter from Hon. L. J. Dupre has been referred to this office by you for consideration and remarks. * It is hardly expected that I should travel out of tghe legitimate shphere of my duties to discuss that portion of the letter referring to matters under another and independent department of the Government, and I shall, therefore, confine my remarks strictly to the subject of taxation. The complaints of Mr. Depre in discussing this question are of a twofold character, embracing the alleged inadequacy of the laws in force for the relief of his constitutents and the manner of their execution by the local tax officers. The only power to correct the first is the Congress of the Confederate States, of which he is himself a member. I shall, therefore, confine my remarks to the subject of the execution of those laws (and their proper interpretation) which have been enacted for the benefit of taxpayers situated as those whom he represents are. I venture to assert that there are many districts in other States of the Confederacy that have suffered as much as those to which he refers. These would be alike entitled to all the benefits and immunities secured to them by the acts of Congress. Memorials have been received from various districts in Mississippi, North Carolina, and Virginia, praying to be relieved from the payment of taxes on account of the raveges of the enemy. There seems to be an erroneous opinion entertained upon this subject, which I have on various occasions endeavored to correct. Those who have lost property by the enemy, in many cases, seem to think that for that reason the law intends they shall be relieved from taxation upon what they have left and here is he error.

The aconal taxes," &c., approved 17th of February, 1864, imposes a tax of 5 per cent. upon all property, real, personal,

---------------

*Dupre's letter not found.

---------------

