
and mixed, of every kind and description and not exempted or taxed at a different rate. This is an ad valorem tax on property and not a personal tax on the owner, and when Congress inserted the provision for the relief of those whose property had been injured or destroyed by the enemy, it was not the intention to remit the tax on that which remains. The language of the law is that the assessment on property injured or destroyed may be reduced in proportion to the damage sustained; that is, if a tax-payer on the 17th of February owned twenty slaves worth $10,000 and a tract of land worth $10,000, and since that time the enemy have stolen ten of his slaves and damaged his plantation $5,000, only the remaining ten slves shall be assessed at $5,000 and the value of the land shall be reduced to the extent of the damage, which will reduce the assessment to $5,000. This seems to the rue intent of the law.

But Mr. Dupre complains that the assessors in the section referred to make no discrimination in the value of slaves there and in the more favored portions of the State. The law does not authorize any distinction. A slave has, in the eye of the law, an instrinsic value whether productive of profit or expense to the owner; but under the act of Congress the assessor has no power to deivate from he basis thereby established. The law syas slaves (unless purchased since 1st of January, 1862) shall be assessed upon the basis of 1860. This applies as well to the invaded districts as to the others, unless there is some special law authorizing a reduction in such cases.

It has been contended, and this seems to be the import of Mr. Dupre's observations on this point, that under paragraph IV, act of 17th of February, where a tax-payer has been deprived of the "use" of his slave by reason of the presence or proximity of the enemy, thought still in his possession and under his control, his value is to be assessed according to his present use or state of unprofitableness instead of the rate of his marked value in 1860.

Such, I think, was not the intention of Congress, nor is the language of the act susceptible of such construction. There is very little doubt that the word "property," in its legal signification, is technically more applicable to personalty than to realty. The best and most exact law writers speak of "real estate" and "personal property. " It may be admitted that the word "property" in the paragraph referred to may have been inended to cover both realty and personalty, yet the context shows that the main idea in the minds of the legislators seems to have reference to real estate only. Hence the use of the words "injured or destroyed by the enemy, or the owner deprived of the use or occupancy thereof or the means of cultivating the same," &amp;c. I think nothing can be clearer than that Congress never intended to tax any property that was in the occupancy or possession of the enemy; thefore the word "destroyed" has been construed to embrace slaves and toehr personalty taken and carried away by the enemy. But it doubtless occurred to Congress that certain lands, by reason of the "presence or proximity of the enemy," could not be safely "occupied" or "cultivated," and as the "lands" could not be removed and might be seriously "injured" and the fences and houses thereon "destroyed," it became necessary to make a porovision in their favor. But as to slaves there is no such reason. They may be removed, and their instrict value will be as great after such removal as that of the slaves of persons securely remote from immediate danger. The owner would still have he "use" of such slaves absolutely. They may not be as profitable to him, but the act never intended to

