
measure the value of the slaves in the actual possession of their owners by their profitableness or unprofitableness to them in 1864. The rule prescribed is exactly the reverse, to wit, "the makret value in 1860," and not their available profit in 1864. It will not do for the owner to keep his slaves or other personal property in near proximity to the enemy and claim on that account that the assessment on such property should be reduced from the standard value of 1860, when the present value is so much enhanced, when the owner still has the "use" of them, and when in some instances the very risk is incurred for the reason that such slaves or other personalty are more profitable to him in such exposed locality than they have ever been at any time. It is the duty of assessorsunder the law to ascertain and determinate what similar slaves to those to be valued were worth in 1860, and when they have so ascertained that must be the standard of valuation.

They have no authority to deviate from it as to the means of arriving at the facts by which they are to be governed; it is for them to adopt the best that they can undr the circumstances. By way of establishing uniformity and securing equality among all the property holders in any partiuclar State, State collectors were advised to ascertain from the best informatin that could be had the average value of slaves between certain ages in 1860, and to adopt a schedule of prices to correspond therewith, to be varied according to circumstances, which should be a guide for assessors throughtout the State. This, as is shown by experience, is the fairest, most equitable, and most satisfactory mode of assessment. Yet this schedule was not mandatory, but merely advisory. It was thought that inasmuch as the district collector has express power under the assessment act to suprvise and correct the assessments of his assessors, it was no strentch of power for the State collector, through him, to propose a schedule of values in advance for the guidssors, which they themselves might from time to time prove to be correct by reference to the same sources of information resorted to by the State collector, to wit, tax returns and other public records. Under this rule the values of slaves in 1860 were ascertained and a schedule of those values furnished to the assessors, which has universally, I believe, been adopted by them in all parts of the same State. If any assessor were to disregard this schedule and assess slaves at a lower rae, it would not only be the right but the duty of the collector, if he was convinced that the schedule was the proper standard, to notify the tax-payer and proceed to raise the assessments to the proper standrad. The mode adopted avoids all this trouble and secures uniformity of valuation throughout the State.

Under existing laws, therefore, it is the duty of the State collector of Louisiana and every other State to enforce the laws in evry district where it is practicable to do so, including those districts which have been invaded and those which have not, and it is equally the duty of local officers, assessors, and collectors to execute the laws according to the instructions prescribed by competent authority under those laws. In doing so they should duly observe and respect the rights of tax-payers under the law, and should not execute their duties harshly or offensively, but firmly. So far as the collection of a money tax is concerned these officers have nothing to do with property taken by impressment, whether paid for or not. They have no authority to settle claims or to allow them as an offset against taxes. It is their simple duty to ascertain what sum each person owes as

