
taxes and then to collect it and pay it over to the State collector as prescribed by law. This applies to all districts alike, where it is practicable to execute the law.

Mr. Dupre desires you to suggest a plan for the relief of his constituents by Congress. It would be difficult for me to suggest a plan that whould meet his wishes unless it were to pass an act exempting the whole district (where it had been so invaded) from the payment of taxes. But this would not be just, because there are persons in most of these districts who have really never been injured or damaged, but who have prospered and made large sums of money. then it would be difficult to say what districts should be so exempted and what extent of damage should entitle them to it.

Another plan might be adopted, if Congress believes that a man should be exempted from taxes becuase he lost property by the enemy, and that is to allow the tax-payer to deduct his damages from his tax and not from the assessment.

I cannot conscientiously recommend such a measure, however. I think the exemption clauses of the law are very liberal and are sufficient for the relief of the poorer classes, and that when a tax-payer does not fall within either of those classes he should pay his due portion of the public burdens upon the porperty he has left. I could not suggest a more appropriate law than the one now in force, relieving the tax-payer entirely from taxation upon property destroyed or carried away, and providing for the reduction of the value of that which has been injured or damaged by the enemy to the extent of the damage.

Thousands have suffered by the depredations of the enemy, and they are entitled to the sypatheis of all good men; and thousands more are destined to suffer, no doubt, from the same cause if the war should continue long. In that event localities now secure and that have never been visited will be overrun and desolated by the enemy. The time may come when but few localities will be exempt from their visitations. Already the fairest portions of Georgia hae been overrun, and at this time Sherman's track of desolation is being extended toward the sea-board. In time it may be that there will be comparatively few men of property who have not been damaged, and a measure allowing a deduction from their taxes of all who have been so damaged to the extent of the damage would reduce the revenue from taxation to a pitiful sum.

I think that while taxes are laid as a means of supporting the Government that all should be required to pay their proportion, according to the property they possess. If a man owns fifty negroes and has lost twenty-five of them by the enemy I see no good reason why he should not pay tax upon the remaining twenty-five. If he has lost his lands, stock, &amp;c., and has no money to pay the taxes, he can sell a portion of the negroes to pay them. Such a man is unfortunate, but not so much so as thousands of others who hae lost all they had.

Viewed as a matter of public policy, I think that the taxes should be collected in every district where it is practicable from those who are liable. Where taxes are collected the people must have currency to pay them and by that means it circulates. But in some districts, even where a large majority of the people are loyal and true to our Government but so contiguous to the lines of the enemy as to render it impracticable to put the law in operation, it is found that our currency scarcely circulates at all. This I am told is the case in some of the northrn counties in this State, and it certainly exercises

