
a damaging influence upon our cause. Therefore I could not recommend a measure that would exempt whole districts from the operation of the tax laws, thereby stopping the circulation of our currency in such localities and holding out the temptation to their citiens to adopt that of the enemy.

The foregoing are my view frankly expressed, but it is the peculiar privilege and province of Congress to adopt such measures in the premises as they may deem meet and proper.

Respectfully submitted.

T. ALLAN,

Commissioner.

HARRISONBURG, November 23, 1864.

Hon. JOHN B. BALDWIN:

DEAR SIR: We regret exceedingly to rouble you so much with our county matters, but the direst necessity of our people impels us to traspass upon your kindness. You will remember the Order 77 was suspended in this county, and the enrolling officer, with the county court, directed to inquire and report the ravages of the enemy and the names of the greatest sufferes liable to military duty. This, with great care ach accuracy, was done, showing a ruin and devastation appalling and unparalleled; showing that with an equal distribution of every article of food for man and best that there was barely enough left in the county to sustain life. since that time the army agents and officers have been foraging, impressing, and hauling off a portion of the scanty subsistence left, until our people are almost reduced to beggary, especially the poorer clases (always the most numerous), who relied upon the produce for supplies. The order suspending Order No. 77 has been revoked, and all liable under that order are ordered to report here on the 29th instant.

If this order remain in force no man who has not lived in the midst of famine, disease, and death can foresee the consquences to our people. The suspending order directed the names of the greatest sufferers to be given, as if it intended relief to them; but none comes. Many who are liable are withoat, bread, or anything to live on, to say nothing of firewood and other outside necessaries of life. It may be said the brief space given them was sufficient. Not so; the scarcity of every article prevents even the wealthy from laying in a supply in a brief period. On the contrary, it will require the daily and hourly exertions of the poor and those who have been burnt out to procure a scanty subsistence to sustain life during the winter. We are deeply impressed with the conviction that if the call is insisted upon it will result in no material advantage to the Government. When the soldier now in the Army learns that his neighbor on whom his family have leaned for support during all this war is himself called into service and his family (his wife and little children at home) are sure to suffer, he will become uneasy in his place, and will wight the duty he owes his country and then weight the duty he owes his family, and what the promptings of nature would be is not difficult to determine.

We know the Government needs men or it would not call them. We believe it is prompted by a high sense of duty to the country; yet we feel sure if it could see our once fair county, then teeming with its abundance, now almost "a howling wilderness," it would not call for another man from its borders. We have no slave labor, and

