
this call takes our principal working force. What is to become of a corn crop? What is to become of any spring crop?

We believe it humanity to the people and the best interest of the Government to suspend this call indefinitely. We believe that all embraced in that order ought to be permitted to remain at home, and those who are liable and have not suffered and are able ought to be required to aid the family of the veteran soldier now in the field, thus making him cheeful and happy in the discharge of his duty.

We write youthis with the hope that you may, through the Secretary of War or other authority, take action to sIf that fail, we submit to yoru superior knowledge the propriety of Congressional action.

Yours, truly,

WM. MCK. WARTMANN.

JOHN T. HARRIS.

[First indorsement.]

This letter from the presiding justice of Rockingham County and Hon. John T. Harris, one of the delegates in the General Assemble from that county, is respectfully submitted for the consideration of the Secretary of War. I can add nothing to what has so often been said by me and reported by the enrolling officer as to the dreadful condition of affairs in that county.

JOHN B. BALDWIN.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
November 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

General Orders, No. 77, were suspended in Rockingham (as Hon. Mr. Baldwin will remember) to allow the people of that ravaged county to make the best provision they could for the winter, before being sent to the field, and not with any express or implied view of exempting them from service. I trust the Secretary of War may authorize relief to be granted in extreme cases, but I have no further authority in the premises.

J. L. KEMPER,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 29, 1864.

Instructions have been given the Conscript Bureau which will extend such relief as can be afforded in individual cases. General exemption cannot be allowed. The exigencies of the service are paramount.

J. A. S.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 24, 1864.

Major E. B. BRIGGS,

Georgia Militia, Columbus, Ga.:

SIR: Your letter of the 12th instant asking authority to raise a regiment of colored troops, should Congress authorize their formation, has been received. In reply you are informed that it is not probable that any such policy will be prescribed by Congress, and the Department is not prepared to consider such applications.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

