
1864, chapter 52, from persons then over forty-five years of age or who are physically incapacitated for service in the field, or who had been in the service over twelve months, or who had been at that date discharging any of the duties required of such agents, are not liable to conscription.

Should any of these agents not belong to the classes above enumerated, they are liable to conscription, and will be duly enrolled and assigned, unless specialy detailed to perform the duties of their agencies.

The Secretary further directs that this decision shall be communicated to your enrolling officers for their future guidance, and to secure the prompt assignment to the Army of all those acting as agents, who are not appointed in accordance with the provisions of the aforesaid act of Congress or detailed by competent authority.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals of Reserves.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 25, 1864.

Major-General WITHERS,

Commanding Reserves in Alabama:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 8th instant, inclosing your correspondence wih His Excellency Governor Watts, has been received. The tone of His Excellency's letter is well calculated to excite surprise.

The conscription act of April 14, 1862, authorizes the president to call out and place in the military service of the Confederate States for three years all white men, who are residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years at the time the call or calls may be made who are not legally exempted from the military service.

The act of September 27 following authorized the calling out of the residents between thirty-five "at the time the call or calls may be made" who were not exempt.

The act of Congress of the 17th of February last declared that all white men between the ages of seventeen and fifty shall be in the military service of the Confederate States for the war from and after the passage of the act. This last act repealed all pre-existing exemptions, and enacted that the persons specified in the act should be exempt. Amopnt the exemptions are such officers as the Governors of the respective States may certify to be necessary to the proper administration of the State government.

It is very clear that the acts of Congress determined that the persons who were to be placed in the Army and those who should be released from service under each of these acts were to be ascertained by the facts existing at the date of the Presidential calls or the date of the act of Congress, es expressed by the terms of the acts above quoted.

It so happened that Congress, in adopting the exemption act of October, 1862, repealed the exemption act which had been adopted in April, and which accompanied the conscription bill of that month. An adherence to the terms of the act of April would have placed men

