
in service who would have been exempted if the consequence had been foreseen. The Department, therefore, allwed the clas mentioned in the act of April, and who were embraced in the call of that month, the benefit of the exemption of the October act when they had not been enrolled. This was not in accordance with the terms of the act, but was an indulgent consctruction, to meet an inconvenience produced by the legislation.

The act of February last contains no ambiguity, and does not require any departure from its language to fulfill the intention of Congress or to prevent hardships. Congress divided the pouplation at the dae of its enactment into the two classes, of conscripts and exempts.

To entitle an officer to exemption he must have been an officer that date. The Governor was authorized to decide, when the call for service was made, whether he was necessary for a proper administration of the State government. I cannot understand the argument that is opposed to the view herein presented.

Congress, under its unquestionable power, appropriats the services of the men who are of the proper age for the public defense. At the date of this act there has been no appropriation of that service by any other authority. The men are in the militia, and might be calle dout by the President to perform militia duty under previous acts of Congress to repel the invader of the country; but Congress, having the power to raise armies in a period of great public danger, when the enemy is upon the soild of every State, and occupies and important portion of the Confederacy, deems that his services are requisite for the war, and so enacts. How can this man be taken from the service except by an act of Congress? The act of Congress is admitted to be in pursuance of the Constitution. It is the supreme law of the land. All men are required to render to it obedience, and the judges of the Stae are bound by it, anything in the constitution and laws of the State to the contrary notwithstanding.

If the Goverupposes that the act of Congress contains an exemption in favor of officers who have been elected since the date of the act, and who have obtained a certificate from him that they are necessary for a public administration of the State government, the Department differs from him; but this difference scarcely entitles him to take up arms, or to menace with resistance by force the administration of the Department differs from him; but this difference scarecely entitles him tot ake up arms, or to menace with resistence by force the administration of the Department. The question is a judicial one, and the courts are open to the party aggrieved to assert his right to an exemption. The question is not one of a political character, involvin ga any necessity for a discussion between the executives of the Confederate and State governments, but of private right, between the individual claiming to be exempt from service and the officer who asserts his liability to the service. If the claim be that independetnly of any act of Congress the officer is exempt; that the claim of the State for civil service is paramount under the prior claim of the Confederate States for military service, and its assertion of that claim by appointing, still the question may be disposed of by the judicial tribunals. The Department approves of the course you have adopted and of the tone and matter of your correspondence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

54 R R-SERIES IV, AOL III

