
reports in such cases that it is unnecessary to repeat them here further than to say this, that I would never hesitate to make such contracts whenever they can be arranged so as not to conflict with oe sort, or with a different policy.

But I should be derelict in my duty as a citizen if I failed to urge your attention to another class of considerations growing out of such proposals. They are more particularly the result of reflections growing out of a contract which I recently made under your orders with Mr. Beverly Tucker. The present time seems propitious for the commencement of negotiations with one or more of the factions or parties in the United States with a view to give us an influence upon their affairs. The granting or apparent granting of a contract for various army supplies, wide enough in its scope to embrace many interests and large enough to tempt cupidity or venality, appears to be the best cover to approaches for that purpose, and a liberal compensation in cotton offers to them the most tempting as to us the cheapest and most looking to the mere procurement of supplies in limited quantities through the blockade have been made with various parties and that none of them have obtained provisions; but, in my judgment, this distributed among many individuals. Had they been wider, larger, and more concentrated, I think the result would have been very different. If they can be now made and connected with diplomatic movements judiciously conducted I am sanguine that they will not fail of a happy and probably an altogether successful issue.

Watching the expression of opinion on both sides in this war, I have been surprised at the absence of all speculation as to its ulterior effects upon the parties. We look merely to our own unhappy condition in the event of subjugation; they contemplate only emancipation, confiscation, and extermination. To my mind certain fixed consequences of great moment are suggested beyond these.

The first is the depopulation of the Northern and Eastern States. Slavery once destroyed, actually or in near prospect, that result is inevitable. Their soldiers alone, with their families and dependents, amounting to 2,000,000 or 3,000,000, would take on of their share of the spoils and the rest would follow at no great distance; for if the Northwest, with its rich soil but inhospitable climate, remoteness from market, and all the disadvantages of newness, can draw annual swarms of immigrants, who can resist the climate, soil, and productiveness of the South? And when the labor is transferred what shall prevent this most mechanical people from placing with all convenient speed their mills and workshops in juxtaposition to products which are now transported to them over wide spaces?

But all this must produce violent present dislocation and probable future dismemberment. Instant stability cannot follow such changes nor be established, if every, until long years after this generation shall have passed away. Northern capital will have been stranded by the ebb of the labor on which it floats, and a sweeping confiscation at the South will have operated not only a sure destruction of present industry, but a bar to the success of its substitute. The spirit of the South will have been banished or extirpated, and even the dregs that remain will ferment in ceaseless irritation.

On either flank, in Canada and in Mexico, hordes of desperate refugees will hover and perpetually stimulate England and France to war in coalition against a power overgrown, flushed with conquest,

