
[NOVEMBER 25, 1864. -For order of Governor Brown establishing camps of organization for Georgia militia, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 378.]

RICHMOND, November 26, 1864.

THE SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

In response to your resolution of the 17th instant I herewith transmit for your information a communication from the Secretary of War relative to the number of persons in "each State exempted from military service upon the certificate of the Governors, respectively, that they are officers necessary for the proper administration of the government of said States. "

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 24, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolutions of the Senate referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President of the Confederate States be requested to communicate to the Senate the number of persons in each State exempted from military service upon the certificate of the Governos, respectively, that they are officers necessary for the proper administration of the government of said States.

In response I have the honor to transmit herewith a report from the superintendent of conscription containing the information called for by the Senate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 23, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to return the inclosed paper referred to this Bureau, and in pursuance of your indorsement to report thereon taht you will find the response therto contained in the paper inclosed, marked A. I use the opportunity to remark that the Governors of several States, in giving certificates of exemptions, under the act of the 17th of February, 1864, to do not confine their certificates to officers as that term seems to be used in the law, but extend them to all persons in the service of the State, or in any mode employed by State authority, and that authority is interposed to prevent he conscription officers from enrolling and assigning such persons to Confederate service. In the past year I have frequently invited your attention to the cases arising under this action. In my returns I of course report all such cases of certficates as for officers, that being the term used in the law.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

