
urgent necessity, be authorized to impress slaves for service with his army has been much debated in this country, and a diversity of opinion has been expressed upon it. In a discussion in Congress of a claim for compensation for the loss of a slave so impressed for the defense of a city in a state of siege, Judge P. P. Barbour, of Virginia, said:

The slave, as an item of property, is not a member of the body politic; he owes no service on his own account to the Government. The Government knows him only as the property of his master, and it can get at him only in two ways- the one is by the ordinary process of taxation, and the other is by the extraordinary exertion of power under a pressing public emergency. * * * If the officer wantonly or unnecessarily invade the property of the citizen, he is a tresspasser. But, then, this must be shown, and in the present case not so much as a doubt has been suggested of the existence of such a case of necessity. If the necessity exists, then that case has arisen in which the Government may take the private property for the public use.

The power of a general in the field to impress private property for the public use in a case of an immediate necessity has, since the discussion referred to, been judically determined by the Supreme Court of the United States to be legitimate.

The fifth section of the impressment act of the 16th of February last, amendatory of the laws regulating impressments, seems to recognize this power as belonging to the commanding general, for it prohibits the impressment of a very large class of slaves "except in case of urgent necessity, and upon the order of the general commanding the department" in which the class referred to may be employed. It was to this class of slaves that General Lee had reference in his letter when he speaks of communicating the authority that resides in him. This Department, in ordering the impressments under the circumstances before mentioned, in conformity to the request of the commanding general and according to his plan, had some reference to the powers that belonged to him under the conditions that have been disclosed.

It also made reference to the powers with which it was clothed by the acts of Congress. The fourth section of the act of Congress of the 26th of March, 1863, authorized the Secretary of War to take private property for the public use whenever he shall deem it necessary by reason of the impracticability of procuring the same by contract, so as to accumulate supplies for the Army, or for the good of tny locality, by general order, through the instrumentality of subordinate officers.

The ninth section of the same act directed that when slaves are impressed by the Confederate Government to labor on fortifications or other public works the impressment should be made according to the rules and regulations provided in the laws of the State where they are impressed; and in the absence of such law, in accordance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of War shall from time to time prescribe, not inconsistent with the terms of the act. This act of Congress does not require the Department to employ the agency of State officers to secure the labor of slaves. The power to make the impressment in the fourth section of the act above quoted gives to the Secretary of War the power to impress any property liable to impressment through the agency of officers of the Confederate States, and in the ninth section of the act the terms used are, "that when slaves are impressed by the Confederate Government, * * * the impressment shall be made by said Government" in accordance with such rules and regulations as have been provided in the laws of the State wherein they are impressed, if there be such laws.

