
In an act passed by the State of Virginia, 3d of October, 1862, the Governor of the State was authorized and required to call into the Confederate States service slaves for labor on fortifications and public works. The act provided for the equalizing of the burden as nearly as may be among the several counties, cities, and towns of the Commonwealth, for the hire to be paid, the obligations to be incurred by the Confederate Government, and for the manner of the collection and delivery of the slaves. This act is not an act for the impressment of slaves, but a mode of drafting them for the public service. The execution of the act was dependent in a great measure upon the action of the country court, and expe shown that its operation is dilatory, and that it is not suitable for an immediate and urgent necessity, such as existed in this case.

The only provision in this act that authorize the impressment of slaves is conditional upon the event of the neglect or refusal of the county or corporation court to peform the duty imposed upon them. In that event the Governor is authorized, with the aid of certain specified officers of the county, to make an impressment of the slaves demanded from the county by agents of his selection.

The Department has usually collected slaves for work upon fortifications by a requisition upon the Governor according to the terms of this act. It is equitable its provisions, and the agencies employed are probably the least obnoxious of any other for the accomplishment of the object proposed-that obejct being the assertion of an onerous and repulsive claim for service. But the existing circumstances did not admit of the delay necessarily involved in the use of its machinery. The Department has not supposed that this act was incorporated into the legislation of the Confederate States by the ninth section of the act of March, 1863, but it has in its general order under that section of act and its special order in the present instance preserved its leading features in reference to the appointment of the labor, the compensation to be made, the obligations to be assumed to the owner in case of the loss or injury of the property, and the length of time for which the slaves are to be continued in the service.

Having thus shown the authority of law under which the Department is now conducting the impressment of slaves in Virginia, the answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives is respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION No. 34.
 Richmond, Va., November 28, 1864.

In the recent reports of commandants of conscripts there have been exhibited frequent inaccuracies both of returns and calculations, and such manifest discrepancies as would indicate a want of scrutiny in making them up.

This Bureau must rely solely on the monthly reports for all the information therein called for, and the Government is dependent on this Bureau for that information. It is of the very first importance that these reports should be full, accurate, and correspondent.

It is the duty of commandants to scrutinize all returns, to have them thoroughly corrected, and to consolidate them with mathematical accuracy.

