
Wherever there are defects, ommissions, or discrepancies they should be pointed out and accounted for under the head of "remarks," and each report should be accompanied by a brief analysis on a separate sheet of paper and the wants of the service indicated.

Such accompany report may properly comment on the capacity and conduct of enrolling officers by name or as a class, and on the condition of the service.

The Bureau is always aided in its administration by such intelligent communications.

Each monthly report must be certified and signed by the commandant.

By command of the Secretary of War:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., November 28, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit for your information a copy of the report of the major-general commanding reserve forces in Virginia, acting under General Orders, Nos. 73 and 77, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. At the time these orders were issued it was vaguely conjectured, and perhaps represented, that they would furnish to the Army of Northern Virginia near 40,000 men. From the records of this Bureau at that time my estimate was that they would furnish about 5,000 men. The beggarly list here presented does not reach to my calculations, and I am informed that of this number many have already deserted or have been discharged. My belief is that had General Orders, No. 73, been omitted or properly modified so as to express your purpose of calling the reserve forces to the aid and not to the control of the conscription authorities, and then the wide field of 77 been opened to this agency, a much larger contribution to the Army would have been made without serious disturbance to the industry of the country or the departments of Government.

I fear it may be assumed that this control and direction of the officers and business of conscription by the general of reserves in their respective States is a failure. Their aid and that of their forces called as occasion may demand might be beneficial. I venture to use the occasion as pertinent to reiterate, fro my thirty months' experience, that for the uniform, impartial, and thoroughly efficient administration of conscription, first, all exemptions by classes should be absolutely abolished; second, conscription should be made independent of the regular military authorities, and the President authorized to assign to the service such officers as he may select, or to appoint for this special duty from civil life, either with rank or salary, such persons as he may select.

The present organization, properly officered, with authority to use the reserve force on occasion, could perform all the functions of conscription proper, including the levy of slaves, the management of details, furloughs, &amp;c., and alsof deserters and absentees, and supervise the entire interior military police. I am confident that without seriously disturbing a single important existing regulation a general order could be devised which would, through the conscription

