
organization, give simplicity, energy, and good results to the interior military organizations of the country.

Asking your lenient consideration for these free suggestions,

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[First indorsement.]

Adjutant-General for remarks on the points presented.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Kemper for such information as will enable the undersigned to respond to the indorsement of the President after he has a more full understanding of the subject.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
December 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

In one respect Brigadier-General Preston and myself agree, to wit, that the present connection of the Bureau of Conscription and the reserve commanders can be productive of no good, for either the reserve commanders should control and conduct the business of conscription in the several States with their reserve forces, or they should be relieved of their present irritating connection with that business. General Preston's remarks and his mode of addressing them will illustrate the want of cordially co-operative relations, the actual antagonisms between the old and the new agents of conscription, which are to be deeply deplored and which may cause the new system to delay instead of to expedite the re-enforcement of the armies. It was in view of those relations that I asked to be relieved of my present command.

General Preston, however, severely reflects upon his own Bureau when the points with triumphant manner to what he terms "the beggarly list here presented," as sustaining his allegations. General Orders, No. 77, were issued on the 8th and my conscription circular executing those orders was issued on the 10th of October last. Some days were consumed in circulating the orders. "The beggarly list," inclosed, shows 4,538 conscripts received at Camp Lee in the month of October; nearly all if not every one of whom were received within the last eighteen days of that month.

Does General Preston mean to imply that all the men liable to military service under Orders 77 from Virginia were gotten out within less than twenty days? If so, he pays an unmerited tribute to my efficiency, for future reports will show that many were received in November, if not later.

The Bureau may be challenged to show when, before the month of October, 1864, the conscripts officers collected 4,538 men within the same period. I am informed that in the twelve months preceding October last the Bureau and its agents assigned a fraction over 7,000 men to the armies from all the States within its reach. Now, if this is so I confidently expect to show that within the few weeks I have had

