
charge of conscription in Virginia more men have gone to the Army from Virginia alone than were assigned by the Bureau and its agents from all the States within the preceding twelve months. It is believed that such facts will prove more forcible than even General Preston's eloquent and caustic commentaries. When General Preston alleges "it was vaguely conjectured and perhaps represented" that 40,000 men would be furnished by the orders (from Virginia), it is submitted that the wanders into the region of idle and groundless rumor, if he means to impute such conjecture to myself. Some of his own subordinates know that my opinion was that the orders would add 10,000 men to the Army from Virginia, but that there were in my belief 40,000 men in Virginia out of the Army between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years. Even the returns of the Bureau, obviously imperfect and partial, which were furnished me by one of its officers about the 1st of September last, showed 28,035 men in the State between eighteen and forty-five exempted and detailed for all causes. It is true General Preston alleges that the "conscription authorities proper" would have made a much larger contribution to the Army if they had been allowed to execute General Orders, No. 77, in the usual way. It is a significant fact, however, that I received no orders through the Bureau to execute General Orders, No. 77, until ten days after those orders had been published by the War Department, until after I had collected hundreds of conscripts in pursuance of those orders. This fact alone makes it obvious that if the tedious routine of the Bureau and its agents had been relied on the orders would hardly have been circulated throughout the State in the month of October, much less would any conscripts have been assigned to the Army in the critical emergency then pending.

As regards General Preston's intimation that General Orders, No. 77, have been executed in Virginia with serious disturbance of the public sentiment and the public industry, I make no reply, except to point to the gratifying and universal testimony of the general public of Virginia in proof that since the publication of General Orders, No. 73, conscription in this State has been characterized by more vitality and vigor, has been more popular, elicited higher commendation, achieved more important results, and has more rapidly re-enforced the Army in an emergency than at any previous time whatever. It is due to myself to aver that far better results would have been accomplished but for the incumbrance of the pre-existing system of conscription which I have had to bear, which has impeded my operations, frustrated many of my best efforts to serve the country, and seriously impaired my usefulness.

J. L. KEMPER,

Major-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the President.

I scarcely know what remarks to make on the subject of this unpleasant controversy other than to submit the accompanying paper,* which contains my views as to the means whereby the recruitment of our armies may be most rapidly effected. Every consideration, in my judgment, should be given to the most effectual and prompt means for filling our ranks.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* See inclosure No. 3, p. 859.

---------------

