
observed that he assumes the existing machinery of conscription is not adapted to the re-enforcement of the Army in an emergency. This was the assumption on which General Orders, No. 73, was bassed, and these orders added to this machinery the entire reserve force of Virginia and placed the whole under the order of General Kemper. General Orders, No. 77, revoking all details, furloughs, and temporary exemptions, and by ordering the revision of all medical exemptions and the cases of light-duty men, opened, as it was supposed, an immense field for the double machinery to furnish men to the Army. The result is reported at less than 3,000 men. It appears, therefore that the machinery of conscription, even when controlled and aided by the machinery of the reverse forces, is not adapted to the rapid re-enforcement of the Army in an emergency. Indeed, it seems that even after the men are found by General Orders, No. 77, and are placed within the jurisdisction of this double mcahinery, they drop out and disappear or join the Army irregularly. It may therefore be concluded from this report that the duplex machinery created by General Orders, No. 73, to operate on the material created for it in General Orders, No. 77, and on the whole conscription material proper, is scarcely more efficacious in furnishing re-enforcements than the simple existing machinery of conscription.

It may be further assumed that had the material furnished by General Orders, No. 77, been left to the control of the conscription authority proper a result quite equal to that stated in this report would have been attained, and without serious disturbance either of public sentiment or the productive industry of the country.

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

Suggestions for a general order in reference to the enrollment of conscripts and reserve forces.

I. The business of enrollment, conscription, and collection of absentees, and the assignment of conscripts to the Army, will be conducted by the generals of reserves in the several States, under the direction of an officer of superior rank, who may be hereafter designated for the purpose.

(NOTE. -The superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription being subordinate in rank to many of the general officers of reserves, jealousies and irritations are likely to arise between the Bureau of Conscription and reserve commanders, and it would seem to be doubtful if uniformity of action can be secured in at once organizing and commanding the reserves and enforcing conscription, unless all reserve commanders are placed under some common head or appropriate rank.)

II. All applications for exemption and detail and the returns and reports required by existing orders will be forwarded by the generals of reserves to the Bureau of Conscription.

(NOTE. -This, it is believed, will secure the Bureau of Conscription in the undisturbed exercise of all its functions for which it was originally created. All the bureau work of conscription will thus be committed to the superintended, while the more active and military duty of collecting conscripts, stragglers, and deserters and forwarding them to the Army will be imposed on the commanders of reserves,

