
and arrogant from success. Nor will the task of persuasion be arduous as against a western rival whose democratic principles and Russian sympathies do really appear to threaten civilization with both alternatives of Napoleon's prediction, and to make Europe "Cossack and republican" in less than his 'sixty years. " That influences of this kind, fostered by apprehension on the one hand, provoked by intemperance on the other, may be successfully applied is plain to all who know the part, either open or secret, that was played by French refugees in the politics of Europe during the wars of the French Revolution, or who recollect that all those wars rosecuted on conservative grounds. They will be assisted also by internal dissensions. The difficulties and conflicts that must come from extermination the negro, which upon this continent is the only mode of extermination slavery, will combine with the discontent of the Southern pariah and the extravagances of labor uncontrolled by capital to protract and intensify the double exhaustion incident to emigration and change of system.

And finally, the restrictions on trade, which are a necessary feature of Yankee polity, and by which they will endeavor, as heretofore, to cripple or tributes the industry of all but themselves, must make them enemies of al who are or would become their rivals in trade.

it is not too much to declare that England and France, not less in self-defense than in a spirit of aggrandizement, will be compelled to dismember the United States if we shall fail to do so. The temptation to do it, at least to the extent of her Pacific territory, is fairly irresistible. That, at least, they can part between themselves, or establish as a protectorate and thus destroy the most formidable competitor for that Asiatic trade which has been for centuries the goal of nations.

If these views are sound I should think it not difficult to impress them upon the North with the force of conviction. After that it might be easy to go further and persuade them to think, what is indeed very true, that if we succeed the only means to prevent injury to themselves will be the continuance and even the enlargement of slavery. That alone is the barrier to the drain of wealth and labor, which upon the dismemberment of the Union will else precipitate itself upon our organized society.

The present seems to be the proper time for the commencement of negotiations for other reasons. I have never doubted the sympathy of Napoleon with our struggle. I have had a private reason for it, and have concluded that he only wanted a proper opportunity to manifest it. Now his interests and ours approach more nearly every day. They must become identical if Mexico is ruled by Maximilian. The decision of that question approaches. If we are recognized and the United States shall resent it, she has a war on hand with two powers when she has proven herself at least not more than equal to one. If decision of that question approaches. If we are recognized and the United States shall resent it, she has a war on hand with two powers when she has proven herself at least not more than equal to one. If she shall not resent it, then, a fortiori, she will not resent our recognition by stronger powers, and our revolution will have been accomplished. The intervening period, on of doubt to them at least, if not to us, is critical, and we should improve it. If we can attain our object beforervention or recognition, our prestige will be by so much the greater, not less if we can use the apprehension of it to the same end.

The political condition of the United States is now favorable for diplomacy. There are now there four parties, actually or in embryo-the Abolition, the Military, the Democratic, and the Conservative.

