
who alone have the control of the forces required for the performance of such duty. The more military duties will by this arrangement be separated from the office or bureau duties; the liability to confusion and conflict, it is believed, will be avoided, while the reserve commanders, having nothing to do with the decision of detail and exemption cases, will be left free to attend to the active command of the reserve forces whenever occasion requires.)

III. All conscripts will hereafter be sent directly from the district of their residence to the commands in the field to which they may be assigned, or to such rendezvous for conscripts as may be appointed by the generals commanding armies in the field.

The camp of instruction, the office of commandants of conscripts, and the conscripts medical boards are hereby abolished. A surgeon may be assigned by the general of reserves to each enrolling district, whose duty it shall be to ascertain and determine what conscripts can be sent, without jeopardy of life or health, before the medical boards attached to the commands in the field to which such conscripts may be assigned. Such medical boards will be organized for the examination of conscripts and will determine the fitness of the conscripts for service in the field.

(NOTE. -The importance of thus simplifying the machinery of conscription and imparting greater promptness to its operations is deemed to be great and necessary. The camps of instruction were originally intended for the purpose imparted to their name, but there being now neither necessity nor propriety in detaining men at such places to instruct them in the duties of the soldier, when they are so much wanted in the field, I feel satisfied that confusion and delay will be avoided by breaking up those camps. The conscripts medical boards located in the several districts being subject to the suspicion of local and personal influence, and being charged with favoritism and other abuses, and the system being, at least, an unwieldy and dilatory one, I deem it best to substitute for them simply an experienced surgeon in each district, but not of the district, with power to decide, preliminarily, what men the enrolling office can send before the army boards in the field without risk of life or health.)

The office of commandant of conscripts, which is not recognized by law, is now deemed unnecessary, as the general of reserves is himself, to all intents and purpose, commandant of conscripts.

To continue the present office of commandant is to interpose a superfluous officer between the general of reserves and his enrolling officers, which places him one remove further from the subordinates whom he is designed directly to control. I deem it of the first importance to simplify the machinery of conscription in every possible way, so that the rapid and efficient control of the enrolling officers may produce the desired results.

The greatest objection to the present system of conscription is the needless complexity of its machinery, which tenders it cumbrous and dilatory in the transaction of business. In order to be effective at any time, but especially in this emergency, it must have imparted to it absolute simplicity of structure and celerity of operation. The at Richmond has undertaken to decide all applications for exemption and detail, as well as nameless other miscellaneous applications from all the States east of the Mississppi. Such an application has heretofore been made to the county enrolling officer, who summoned his advisory board, investigated the ease, entered it in his books, and reported it to a district enrolling officer, who, in his turn, investigated,

