
made entries in his books, indorsed, and forwarded to the commandant of conscripts for the State. The commandant next made his examination and entries and indorsed and forwarded the papers to the Bureau of Conscription for its action. Frequently months were consumed in thus maturing the case, and even then on account of some defect it was liable to be sent back for recrification. In going back to the county enrolling officer it bad to pass, in going as well as returning, the same circuitous channels to be indorsed, and the indorsement entered in a particular set of books as it passed each link in the chain of communication. Cases have passed in this way, back and forth, through all the intermediate offices, several successive times before it was properly made out, and even then, after being once decided, it was liable to be taken up again for a rehearing and started out once more upon its travels. During the pendency of these proceedings the applicant was usually allowed to remain out of the Army by virtue of his pending application. While the papers of a case were thus being sent to and fro between the county enrolling officer and the Bureau of Conscription an increase of volume and a consumption of time were involved enough to make a business man despair of ever getting the applicant into the Army.

The Bureau has been so far removed from its agents as to lose its control of them. The Bureau, in attempting to investigate and adjudicate cases of every description, coming up from all th-Mississippi States, seeks to accomplish what can only be done with intolerable delay, uncertainty, and confusion. When the cases are gotten into this routine it seems to be the hardest of all possible things to get the men into the Army, for while the cases are dragging their slow length along the applicants often change their residence or occupation, or somehow their States, or appear to be buried beneath the accumulated office matter. Let no one be surprised that cases should be found pending from six to twelve months, or that the records of conscription should show in a single district twenty-odd hundred conscripts reported and less than one-tenth of the number sent to the Army after the lapse of many months, or that dispassionate judges, well acquainted with the working of the system, should aver that it has kept more men out of the armies than would have sufficed to close the war. Such a system of conscription can only be likened to Milton's "Serbonian bog, where armies whole have sunk. " The true plan, it is suggested, is as follows: Let an energetic executive officer control the business in each State. Let the general of reserves, acting as general of conscription, be that officer. Let the commandant of conscripts, the camps of instruction, with their commandants and corps of subordinates, the various county and district boards, both advisory and medical, be all abolished. Let all and each of the existing intermediaries between the general of conscription and the county enrolling officers, together with the whole of their elaborate systems of entries, indorsations, and books, be swept away, leaving only a corps inspectors to supervise and report upon the conduct of county enrolling officers, and a single medical officer for each district. The general of conscription would in this way be brought into immediate communication and contact with his county officers, and their operations would be guided directly by his own hand. The general of conscription should be confined strictly to the employment of retired and disabled officers and men and to his own reserve forces for the performance of all enrolling and conscript guard duty. That force would be ample to enable him to sweep every county bare of

