
conscripts, stragglers, and deserters without the employment of a single able-bodied man of the active forces. When a conscript is to be assigned let him be sent from the county of his residence to the nearest intermediate soldiers' home or to such rendezvous for recruits as the general commanding the army may appoint, thence to be forwarded to whatever regiment entitled to recruits he may select. No conscripts should be thus forwarded unless, in the judgment of the district surgeon, he would probably be found [fit] for full service by a field medical board upon his joining his regiment in the field. Every question of conscription, including all cases of exemption and detail arising in a State should be determined at the office of the general of conscription, all the sets of books, entries, indorsements, orders, and correspondence heretofore kept up by the Bureau of Conscription, the commandant of conscripts, the commandants of camps of instruction, the district officers, &amp;c., being abolished and replaced by the single set of books kept at the headquarters of the general of conscription.

All the superfluous machinery of conscription being thus lopped off, a vast expense would be saved by the abandonment of useless and dilatory agencies, and a valuable increase of the Army would be effected by sending to the field the corps of officers and clerks, orderlies, couriers, and guards now needlessly striving "how not to do it" in the Department of Conscription. It will be observed that this plan implies that the Bureau of Conscription (a bureau neither created nor directly recognized by Congress) should be abolished, and the duties heretofore performed by it are devolved by the plan upon the generals of conscription in the several States. It is obvious, however, that a central controlling head must exist to insure uniformity and efficiency of action among the generals of conscription in the States. This central head should be a man of military experience as well as the best practical business qualifications, for he is to commave forces as well as the business of conscription throughout the Confederacy. His command would be larger in numbers and more important in character than any other whatever. His headquarters would be the source from which would emanate the orders prescribing the general rules and regulations to govern at once the organization and command of the reserve forces and the administration of conscription by his subordinate generals in the States.

No mere bureau work, no such corps of officers and clerks would encumber his headquarters as now fills the long perspective of the Bureau of Conscription, vainly endeavoring to decide all the multifarious questions of detail, exemption, assignment, rehearing, &c., arising in the Confederacy. If such cases ever reached his headquarters it would be by appeal from the decisions of his subordinate generals in the States, and would be considered after the appellant had been sent to and was serving in the Army. His would be a legitimate military command. As the large and important interests now connected with posts, hospitals, provost-marshalships, prisoners, &c., are not subject to a proper central control nor under any single effective administration, and as many of them constitute the lurking places for numbers who are liable to field duty, they should all come under the direction of the general-in-chief of the reserves and conscription. This would constitute military department of the interior which would supervise and manage all military interests not now under the direction of generals commanding armies in the field. The advantages of such an organization would not lie merely in its

