
compactness and simplicity; it would impart unity, celerity, and responsibility to the operations of conscription, to money purchasing, disbursing, and miscellaneous agencies and interests which are now virtually irresponsible, and which, by reason of present irresponsibility, are attended with serious losses to the country in both men and money.

The foregoing plan of a military department of the interior is the suggestion of an experienced soldier, not the writer. It is hoped that nothing in these suggestions will be construed as reflecting upon the present superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription. The above strictures are aimed at the present system of conscription, not at that distinguished and respected gentleman.

NOTE. -During the months of July and August, 1864, the indorsements copied at the office of the commandant of conscripts for Virginia, alone amounted to 600 quarto PAGEs.

[NOVEMBER 28, 1864. -For Clark to Maury, in relation to maintaining the State troops of Mississippi in the field, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 791.]

HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENN.,
Wytheville, Va., November 29, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

I respectfully beg leave to call your attention to the operations of General Orders, No. 65, current series, and to submit one or two suggestions.

Many men, chiefly foreigners, have left the Federal service and come into our lines under the guaranties of this order. The inducement that has brought most of them is the promise that they 'shall be received, protected, and supplied with means of subsistence until such of them as desire it can be forwarded to the most convenient points on the border, where all facilities will be afforded them to return to their homes. " As most of those who avail themselves of this order have been sent to this department for transmission through my lines, I have had an opportunity of witnessing the practical workings of the system adopted to carry it into effect. The men are sent by the provost-marshal of Richmond to Abingdon or Bristol, with orders to send them through toward Kentucky. No discretion is authorized and the deserters are offered no choice. It is generally found that they are averse to this disposition of them, claiming that it is a violation of good faith. In nearly every case they ask to be permitted to remain in the Confederacy as laborers or mechanics. The experience of those who have gone through is sufficient to deter them. In the first place, they have to march on foot through a barren frontier of several hundred miles before they enter the Federal lines. This frontier is infested with prowling bands of lawless men who strip them of everything they possess, until, it has been reported to me, that by the time they reach the Federal lines they have scarcely clothing sufficient to hide their nakedness. They are then liable to arrest and punishment a deserters. At first they secured proper reception at the hands of the Federal authorities by representing themselves as

