
deserters from our service. I have reason now, however, to believe that spies have been sent to ascertain the disposition made by us of this class of deserters, and that means are adopted which lead to the arrest of most of them.

Apart from the considerations of good faith which should induce an adherence to the terms of this order if it is still permitted to remain in force, our own necessities suggest a different policy. The scarcity of laborers and mechanics requires an increase of this class, and opportunity is offered to supply the demand. I therefore recommend that previous to being sent from Richmond those who desire to remain should be taken out and assigned to Government workshops or permitted to find employment. They could have an oath administered to meet their status and be furnished with descriptive lists to establish their identity.

Interpreting the order according to its spirit, I have from several of the lots sent here obtained a number of valuable mechanics, miners, &amp;c., who have been assigned to work in their respective departments, and their is still a demand for more. If more are sent here I request that I be permitted to continue to select such as I deem fit for the required work.

The class of men who avail themselves of this order is generally good. A few bad men may come through to serve improper motives, but the bulk are honest, industrious men, who come from a desire to escape an odious service, and with the purpose in good faith of remaining in the Confederacy until such time as they can safely return to their homes.

I have undertaken at some length to point out the abuses and injustice involved in the present execution of the order, and trust that the subject will receive your early attention.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 4, 1864.

Mr. SHEPHERD:

Inform General Breckinridge that instructions id conformity with his suggestion as to the employment of these deserters had been previously given and will be repeated.

He is fully authorized to give such employment, especially to foreigners among them, whenever he deems it expedient.

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 4, 1864.

To Major Carrington, provost-marshal, for consideration and suggestions as to the best course of proceeding in regard to these deserters.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War, calling attention to inclosed report.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

