
[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Abingdon, December 2, 1864.

Hon. J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: During the past month several hundred Yankee deserters have been sent to this post to be forwarded under Order No. 65 across our lines into Kentucky. Many of these men having expressed a strong desire to remain in this neighborhood have been permitted to dos so. A list of the names of those thus allowed to remain, some 134 in number, is inclosed. Each of them has given his solemn parole on oath before me that whilst remaining here he would demean himself quietly and peaceably as a friend of the Confederate and State governments, obey all their laws, and give no aid, comfort, &amp;c., to the enemy during this war, &c.

I did not exact an oath of neutrality because I considered that if these men remain here some length of time and establish themselves permanently they might be regarded as having acquired a citizenship which would perhaps at some future time render them liable to military duty, and as can oath of neutrality exacted by the Government might imply a tacit pledge, that the party taking it was never to take up arms for either side, there would thus arise an inconsistency if some future policy should require them to render us military service. These men are all artisans, mechanics, teamsters, or laborers, &c., and with very few exceptions foreigners, i. E., from countries other than the United States. They have been employed in the quartermaster's and commissary departments, in the hospitals, and by private individuals in this neighborhood. Before they were permitted to remain they were required to have some place to work offered to them by parties known to the provost-marshal. The demand for skilled labor is very great here, and the conscription will render its necessity still more urgent. These men, having deserted from the Yankee Army, are afraid to return into the Yankee lines, and we have thus a guarantee that they will not injure us.

It seems, then, to me a wise policy to permit such men to remain with us to a certain extent; but as these applications are becoming more numerous, and as the commandant of this post refers to me for advice, and has guided himself in his action by my opinion, I think it proper to state the facts to the Departments, as I am not advised what the policy of the Government in this regard may be.

If you think the course pursued improper I will so advise the commandant of the post, and cease to sanction it by administering the above oath and counseling the retention of these men. But if not otherwise instructed I will consider my action approved and direct accordingly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM D. HENNEN,

Special Commissioner for Department of East Tennessee.

ABINGDON, December 3, 1864.

Names and Yankee deserters claiming the benefits of General Orders, No. 65, and who, having been sent to Abingdon, Va., to be forwarded into the Yankee lines, have been permitted to remain within our lines upon giving their parole and taking an oath before William D. Hennen, special commissioner for Department of East Tennessee, that

55 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

