
whilst remaining in the Confederacy they will obey all the laws of the Confederate States and of the State in which they may remain; that they will demean themselves as friends of the Government of said States, and that during this war they will give no aid, comfort, or assistance to the United States, and upon declaring that it is well understood that any violation of said parole or oath is punishable with death.

Done between the 1st of November and 1st of December, 1864.

[Here follows the list of 134 names of the individuals, which is omitted.]

I certify the above list to be correct.

WM. D. HENNEN,

Special Commissioner for Department of East Tennessee.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 29, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: You informed me this morning that His Excellency the President declined to accept my report to you in response to Senate resolution (referred to this Bureau) concerning the "number of persons in each State exempted from military service upon the certificates of the Governors, respectively," &amp;c., on the ground of the manifest inaccuracy of the returns, and you required me to make proper explanations of those returns. As I am not informed of the specific inaccuracies referred to, I can only explain in general terms.

First. My report is made up from the consolidated monthly reports required by general orders to be made by the commandants of conscripts. A form of these reports furnished by this Bureau is herewith submitted. You will observe that it is a complete analysis of the act of February 17, 1864, using in direct connection and sequence the terms of that act, and providing for returns under every provision of the act. In addition to these reports I have used the reports of my registration officers. In general, the two have nearly conformed in result. There are the only sources provided for this Bureormation. The agencies employed in the conscripts service are extremely defective in proper qualification as well for this as other grave duties, and I have found the utmost difficulty in getting the duties prescribed properly performed even by the highest officers in the service. My control over them and my direction of their duties is so frequently disturbed that their obedience is the act of the loosest volition. In this case my positive orders are that all exemptions for State officers shall be issued by the commandants. One of these officers explains his erroneous returns by charging them on the local officers, thus aggravating his own negligence of duty. His returns came to me under the sanction of the tribunal interposed between this Bureau and the officers of conscription.

Second. I conjecture the inaccuracies indicated by the President are supposed to exist in the returns from the States of North Carolina, Georgia, and Mississippi. The reports from North Carolina from May to October are now in the hands of a special inspector sent to that State. The regular and rapid increase of certified State officers and State employes would indicate accuracy, but on the doubt being expressed I have ordered and have now progressing this special inspection concerning them. It is well known that the laws of North

