
Carolina have created large numbers of officers, and that the Governor of that State has not only claimed exemption for those officers, but for all persons employed in any form by the State of North Carolina, such as workmen in factories, salt makers, &amp;c. This Bureau has no power to enforce the Confederate law in opposition to the Governor's certificates or the claims of a State.

I would respectfully refer you to Governor Vance's correspondence with you on this subject, in which he proposes (to use his own words) "to try title with the Confederate Government" in resisting the claims of the conscripth citizens of North Carolina as he may claim for the proper administration of the laws of the State. In answer to a communication to him on the subject, the commandant for North Carolina now reports to me that his returns are inaccurate and greatly exaggerated. I have the honor to inclose his letter; and unless the report of my inspector relieves him from the confession of the disobedience of orders and false returns, I will be compelled to ask his relief from the conscription service.

In Georgia up to last reports the Governor had certified to 1,012 persons. I respectfully refer you to the correspondence of Governor Brown with yourself and his correspondence with the comandant of conscripts for Georgia referred to you, to show that, besides the 1,012 persons, he claims as not coming under the act of Congress large bodies of the citizens of Georgia, and forbids their enrollment by the Confederate conscript officers. It has been found impracticable to overcome this impediment. It has been frequently reported. The number is supposed to reach about 8,000 men liable to Confederate service.

Herewith is the last report of the commandant of conscripts for that State. In Mississippi the number certified up to the last report is only 110. The Governor of that State decided that his proclamation was sufficient certificate under the law. I beg to refer you to the letter from this Bureau to the Governor on that subject. No response has ever been received, and the results anticipated have been verified by the failure to receive proper returns. It is believed that a large number of persons in that State, withheld by the action of the Governor, have not been brought within the jurisdiction of the conscription officers. The service in that State, from a variety of causes, has not been efficient; but there, as well as elsewhere, you will please to remark that the work is progressive, not concluded; that the reports are of Congress, not of final action. They are of what has beby no means of what may yet be left) to be done.

I have given the reports, collected and sifted as thoroughly as the data or reasonable construction will allow. I do not regard them as accurate. They cannot be made so unless a uniform permanent system is adopted and maintained, and proper and sufficient agencies are assigned to the duties embraced in the administration of their matter.

With these explanations, I respectfully submit such information as is possessed by this Bureau. In view of the supposed inaccuracies, I will use the most active exertions and all the means under my control speedily to rectify them if they exist.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

P. S. -Since the writing of this note the accompanying special report has been received from Georgia confirming the estimate stated of persons withheld from conscription by the Governor of Georgia.

