
[Inclosure No. 1.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Raleigh, N. C., November 24, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. JOHN S. PRESTON,

Superintendent of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: As advised by telegram of this date, I have the honor to offer the following explanation relative to the discrepancy between the number of State officers as given in the monthly report for September and the number given by telegram yesterday. The discrepancy occurs in the manner in which the enrolling officers make up their monthly reports. For instance, an officer reports for the month of May forty State officers in his county, and in each subsequent report he repeats the same figure, with such additions as may from time to time become necessary, without any explanation. This has been ascertained by comparing their reports, which until recently it has been impossible to do, and now only partially, from the fact that their reports are frequently returned for correction and explanation, and cannot be had at the proper time the revision should be made, and this arises from the irregularity of mail communication, it frequently requiring from three to four weeks to get a communication to and an answer from an officers. I desire respectfully to further state that the same discrepancy (or a corresponding one) occurs under all the heads of exemption, making the aggregate nearly three times as large as it really is. For example, the total number at the date of report for the month of October under the head of "physical disability" is 35,032, whereas it should not exceed 10,000 or 11,000. Measures have been instituted by which I hope to present for November a correct report of each class of exempts.

Earnestly hoping this explanation will meet your approbation and enable the Bureau to make a safe and reliable calculation of the information required,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER MALLETT,

Commandant of Conscripts for North Carolina.

P. S. -The registration report recently forwarded through Lieutentant-General Holmes may be relied upon as being the most authentic data it is possible to obtain.

P. M.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPT SERVICE, GEORGIA,
Augusta, November 25, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. J. S. PRESTON,

Superintendent Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 23d instant, calling for the number of each class of exemptions of State officers in Georgia, and, in reply, to inform you that, foreseeing the necessity of this information, I ordered the enrolling officers throughout the State, in the following paragraph of my Circular No. 3, dated May 16, 1864, to collect it:

IV. The most active and continuous efforts of enrolling officers will be directed to perfecting a thorough registration of all white males resident or found within their respective districts who are between the ages of seventeen and fifty

