
Ahead of them all in violence of action and audacity of speculation are the Abolitionists. The Democrats and Conservatives must view them with dislike and distrust. With scarcely more favor will they contemplate the probable ascendancy of military interlopers, who, with as much selfishness as professed politicians and less knowledge of or respect for political principles, are likely to consult only what their instincts as adventurers shall indicate as their personal interests.

Personal ambition, not less than an apprehension of such consequences as I have rapidly sketched, will stimulate the Conservatives and the Democrats to resist men whose success will not only bring personal defeat to themselves, but the disasters of innovation upon the country. But to take and hold their ground against these agitators and adventurers they must have money. Men they will then get in abundance. I make here no account of Yankee venality. But when I see all men at the North restuffing to volunteer (except a part of those who are already in arms), and using every device to majority must be peace men at heart, and only want a proper organization to range themselves openly in a peace party of such extent and power as will demoralize the Army and paralyze Mr. Lincoln.

But money is usually necessary to political organizations. It is always necessary at the North. Now especially they must have it in sums sufficient to counteract what jobbers and army contractors can spare from their large gains to subsidize editors and leaders of the war and Abolition parties.

Possibly the speculations I have advanced will not find a lodgment in the minds of the North, who, whether as statesmen or citizens, may not look quite so far ahead. If so, we lack not the means of appealing to their love of money, power, and material advancement. The accumulation of cotton and cotton fabrics, which has hitherto enabled the world to stand all of from this war, is now nearly exhausted. As waspected, the dearth of cotton has not been compensated by increased Eastern production; for what it has cost us nearly a century of steady industry to reach could not be arrived at my mere price in three years, especially in a country like India. Cotton now sells for about six times its average peace price in gold. The articles for which we would barter it do not in any item exceed twice their peace prices; and if they reach so much it is only because of the inflation of Federal currency. To the Northern operator who can pay for cotton in exports it must be very valuable. gold is really getting scarce with them because it is getting scarce in England; scarce there because gold now goes to India to buy cotton, but does not return; it is buried there. Hence the rise of interest in the Bank of England. But formerly she used to purchase cotton with exports mainly sent to us. The advantage of such mode of payment is now six times as great as it used to be. This is the true measure of the amount of subsidy that can be offered in money value. It cannot be had as cheaply by arms; still other inducements can be held out, among them a liberal commercial treaty.

To the West upon condition of severance from the United States still greater attractions may be offered. All the above, free trade with the Lower Mississippi and its tributaries, and to the whole, or a part of them, the prospect, not remote, of an incorporation into the Southern Confederacy upon the basis of slavery. The purchase of their officers, both civil and military, and of all grades, is not difficult,

