
As the Surgeon-General intimates that delay may be injurious, and as the Legislature of Virginia is so soon to assemble, I respectfully suggest that the matter be laid before the Governor, with a request that he will call it to the attention of the Legislature, and thus give them an occasion, of which I doubt not they will readily avail themselves, so to modify their legislation as not to interfere with the exercise of the just powers of the Confederate States.

GEO. DAVIS,

Attorney-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE,

Richmond, December 18, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It appears from the papers submitted for my opinion that in September, 1862, a contract was made with the medical purveyor, C. S. Army, by a citizen of Virginia to supply the Confederate Government with whisky for army purposes. On the 12th of March, 1863, the Legislature of Virginia declared it a penal offense for any person thereafter "to make or cause to be made any whisky or other spiriruous or malt liquors out of any corn, wheat, rye, or other grain," and at a subsequent session, on the 31st of October, 1863, it expressly prohibited under severe penalties, the fulfillment of any contract for making of ardent spirits which had been or might thereafter be made with the Confederate Government or any of its agents. The question presented is whether the present distillation of whisky from grain in Virginia under the contract subjects the contractor to the statutory penalties. It is a fundamental principle of our public law that sovereignty belongs only to the people of each State. The people of each State, by virtue of their sovereignty, have established two distinct governments-the State government, established by the separate action of the people of each State; the Confederate Government, by the people of each State, acting in a sovereign and independent character in conjunction with the peoples of the other States. Both governments were established for the benefit of those who created them, the State government for the benefit of the people of the State, the Confederate Government for the benefit of the peoples of the several Confederate States.

Certain powers delegated to the Confederate Government, and certain powers were instructed to the State government. It was not intend that either government should be a check or an obstacle to the legitimate action of the other, and hence it was declared that powers not delegated were reserved; and it was provided that the legitimate action of the Confederate Government should be the supreme law of the hand. But neither government can act directly upon the other, except in certain judicial cases. They are distinct and independent governments, acting separately, but acting upon the same persons and the same things. Both are governments of powers limited in number, and in some cases at least limited in extent. The powers are express and implied, and so also are the limitations express and implied. Thus the power of the Confederate Government to raise armies cannot be so exercised as to destroy the State government by the conscription of the officers necessary to its existence; nor under the power to lay and collect taxes can Congress lay a tax upon a state-house, or upon a county jail, or upon the income

