
of a State. There are but examples. So a State government, though its power of taxation be unlimited by express words, cannot tax the amount of customs received by the Confederate collector at a sea-port town within the limits of the State, nor the dock-yards, nor the foundries, nor the amount of direct taxes in the hands of a tax collector of the Confederate Government. These are but example also, and to them may be added this further illustration. The State government has the power, unlimited by express words, to define and punish future offenses, and yet it cannot punish as an offense an act which the Confederate Government has the power to authorize and which is done under its authority. If the party exceeds the authority under which he acts or the authority itself exceeds the power, the party is, of course, amenable to the State law for his action so far as it is not within the constitutional authority of the Confederate Government. Powers cannot be executed by the mere written, expression of legislative will. Men must be employed to execute and means must be used to fulfill, and any men may be employed and any means may be used not expressedly nor impliedly prohibited by the principles of our public law. Thus, under the powers to declare war and support armies the Confederate Government is authorized to procure powder. It may employ agents to purchase it in foreign countries or it may establish and employ persons to manufacture it, or it may contract with citizens of the several States to manufacture it in mills of their own. There is no principle of public law which expressly or impliedly prohibits the Confederate Government from manufacturing powder within a State, nor any which prohibits the citizens of a State from contracting with the Confederate Government to manufactures it within the limits of a State. Nor is there any such prohibition upon the use of the materials employed in making powder. And therefore it is that a citizen of a State who is manufacturing powder exclusively for the use of the Confederate Government under a contract with it cannot be subjected to the penalties of a State law forbidding it. But if he were to manufacture also for himself or for other individualovernments he would be liable to all the penalties of the State law. And so is the rule in regard to provisions, medicines, and other army supplies. Spirituous liquors being amongst the supplies required for the Army, my opinion is that persons who manufacture whisky in Virginia exclusively for the Confederate Government under a contract with it are not liable to the penalties of the State statutes. It is true that great frauds may be practiced upon the policy of a State under cover of such a contract. But all powers and trusts are liable to be abused, and abuse furnishes as little evidence of the non-existence of a power as the exercise of a power does of its existence.

Some of the difficulties in questions of this kind may be seen in McCulloch, of the State of Maryland, et al., 4 Wheaton, 316; Osborn vs. the U. S. Bank, 9 Wheaton, 738; Weston vs. the City Council of Charleston, 2 Peters, 449; License Cases, 5 Howard, 504; Passenger Cases, 7 Howard, 283, &amp;c., and in the works of John Taylor, of Caroline. It is easy to find cases which may readily be determined in favor of the State, and as easy to find cases which may as readily be determined in favor of the Confederate Government, but the difficulties in ascertaining the principle upon which they are determined and in giving to that principle a precision of expression. Take these cases: The Confederate Government has the power to raise armies by conscription, yet it cannot conscribe and liberate a person imprisoned

