
under a criminal process of a State. It has the power to tax, yet it cannot lay a tax upon the public buildings of a State. It has the power to impress, yet it cannot impress the governmential property of a State nor property in the governmential use of a State. On the other hand, the State has the power to tax, and yet it cannot tax the Confederate ships of war which lie in its waters, nor can it tax a dock-yard belonging to the Confederate States, nor its foundries. It has the power of define and punish offenses, and yet, as has been said, it cannot punish an act done under the legitimate authority of the Confederate Government. In these cases it is the use of a person, or the use or ownerships of a thing which excepts the person or thing from the operation of the other government. The use of a person by the Confederate Government, for example, does not discharge such person from other liability to State law. Hence, if the person employed by the Confederate Government to distill spirituous liquors commits murder or larceny, or exceeds, as has been said, the authority given in the particular case, he may be seized by the State and subjected to the penalties prescribed by its statutes. There are four classes of cases in which the exercise of powers may present questions of this kind:

First. Cases of exclusive power in one government.

Second. Cases of concurrent powers.

Third. Cases in which dissimilar powers are exercised upon the same person or thing.

Fourth. Cases in which the person or thing upon which the power is exercised is governmential, as in the cases above stated, of a state-house, &amp;c.

In none of these cases, however, can there ever be a conflict of power, according to the true theory of the governments, for whenever there is a rightful exercise of power upon a person or thing by one government there is an absence of opposing power in the other. Many cases may be resolved by remembering, whether it be in one government or the other, that military authority is subordinate to civil authority, and that criminal jurisdiction is not affected by the other branch of civil authority, except where the civil authority itself is made penal, as in this case.

But I need not pursue the point. The contract was a lawful one at the time it was made, and the subsequent legislation of the State cannot have the effect to make the performance of it illegal and thus to render it null and void, for that would be a violation of the constitution provision which prohibits a State from passing any law impairing the obligation of contracts. The prohibition is general, and excludes both executed and executory contracts. Any contract which can be impaired by a State law must, therefore, be an exception to the prohibitory provision. But there is no principle which excepts contracts with the Confederate Government for army supplies from the constitutional provision. The impairing of the obligation of such contracts is therefore prohibited to the States, and the prohibition in this way operates as a limitation upon the general powers of the States to define and punish offenses.

A State has, however, the undoubted right to make and enforce police regulations; not regulations which shall defeat the legitimate action of the Confederate Government, but regulations to inspect, for example, the conduct of the men and the use of the means employed by the Confederate Government, and to secure the punishment of any unauthorized action on the part of its agents, employes, or contractors

