
which is in violation of the State laws. Both governments in this way exercise their legitimate powers and all conflict is avoided, and thus that harmony of action is preserved which the people intended, and which every good citizen desires so earnestly to promote in governments equally his own.

In conclusion it is perhaps well to say that the ground upon which this case ought to rest is the first one, viz, that the Confederate Government has the express power "to support armies; " that any means may be used which are "necessary and proper" to obtain supplies for that support; that a contract with a citizen of a State is a means of obtaining them, and that it is a means both necessary and proper; that a State has not the power to forbid the fulfillment of a contract which the Confederate Government has the authority to make, and that, therefore, the act of the 12th of March does not apply to such a contractor, and the act of the 31st of October, expressly forbidding the fulfillment of such a contract, is a nulity.

Your obedient servant,

WADE KEYES,

Attorney-General and interim.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE,

Richmond, March 7, 1864.

Hon. S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Your letter of the 3d instant informs me that the Navy Department is erecting a distillery in South Carolina for the sole purpose of distilling whisky for the use of the Navy of the Confederate States; that the Governor of that State has required your agent to discontinue the work on the ground that the laws of the State prohibit the establishment of distilleries, and the question you propose is, how far the State has the power to prohibit distillation for the purpose aforesaid. The question has very lately been before this Department and received a careful consideration. A contract had been made by the War Department with a citizen of Virginia to supply the Army with whisky. Afterward the Legislature of Virginia passed an act which expressly prohibited, under severe penalties, the fulfillment of any contract for distilling ardent spirits which had been or might thereafter be made with the Confederate Government or any of its agents. The question was submitted by the Secretary of War to the Attorney-General ad interim, Judge Keyes, who held, in an elaborate opinion (a copy of which I send inclosed*), that the act of Virginia was uncostitutional and void. In that conclusion I fully concur. That was the case of a citizen of the unwilling State contracting with the Government to furnish supplies; but the present case is much stronger. It is that of the Government itself, through one of its departments, manufacturing necessary supplies by its own agents and exclusively for its own use. I can see no foundation whatever for any authority in a State thus to obstruct the action of the Government. The States by their own voluntary consent have made the Constitution of the Confederate States their supreme law, before which all other laws must yield. That Constitution empowers Congress "to provide and maintain a navy. " A State cannot prevent Congress from providing a navy by prohibiting the building of ships or the enlistment of seamen within

---------------

* Next, ante.

---------------

