
if what I hear be true. And under sufficient instigation their armies can be split and demoralized. A simple resolution in the platform of a strong party in favor of pensioning those and only those who shall have served a given length upon a modicum of land in the Northwest would shake their army to pieces; or such other devices as themselves might conceive would do that work.

But I decline to follow a subject so fruitful in diplomatic themes. Our own condition would seem to require the effort. I have good reason to think that the spirit of Congress as a whole is not heroic, and reserves in the spring may cause more defection than is now anticipated. North Carolina, better indeed than she is reported, is yet in an unsatisfactory condition. There certainly is not meat enough in our limits to feed both army and people at half their customary rates, and starvation is the parent of mutiny and discontent. The corn for General Lee's army is now mainly obtained from upon the integrity of the road from Weldon to Petersburg.

These things and many more that are too well known to you for recital, are potent persuasive to ward off by diplomacy blows which, au not be averted by battle; which may indeed be struck in the dark by traitors bought with Federal gold.

It may have been chivalrous in the commencement of this war to decline the use of means which all the time the enemy have successfully employed against us; means by which, I believe, they gained Kentucky and wrenched Missouri from us; means by which I am certain they are now trying to detach Nrough the intimacy that has always existed between Mr. Holden and Governor Johnson, of me to be romantic. The character which the war has long since assumed justifies, in my judgment, a resort to much more questionable measures than I have suggested, which are in fact among the commonest expedients of hostilities.

I do not think it necessary to give herein the details of the plan I propose, which are necessarily imperfect and outlinear. I prefer in any case to leave them to other and abler hands. But if the above is approved to the extent that is shall be made ground of action, and you shall desire it, I will submit them hereafter for your consideration.

I trust I shall be pardoned for suggesting that if attempted the condition of our supplies and the political condition of the North demand speedy action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. RUFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 17.
 Richmond, February 8, 1864.

I. Paragraph VI, General Orders, Numbers 8, current series, is amended thus:

Communication of rations, at $1 per diem, will be allowed paroled unexchanged prisoners on furlough. This order to take effect from the 1st of January, 1864. The officer paying the accounts will indorse on the furlough the date and length of time for which payment has been made.

