
forwarding of slaves, in addition to their legitimate duties of enrolling conscripts and forwarding them to camps of instruction. Under existing orders and regulations only one commissioned officer is allowed to a county, and he must be a disabled officer. Each disabled county officer is allowed three light-duty men as assistants and three men over forty-five years of age to act members of the Advisory Board. One company, composed of old men or men unfit for field service, is allowed to each Congressional district as a supporting force. These companies, divided into detachments, give an average of about twelve or fifteen men to each county. These detachments have never been furnished with arms or equipments by the Government, though requisitions have been repeatedly made. They are only partially armed with almost worthless guns, such as could be picked up through the country. The supply of ammunition is very small, and, of course, entirely unsuited to the guns in a majority of cases. So the force is each county may be summed up as follows: Commissioned officers (disabled), 1; assistants (disabled soldiers), 3; Advisory Board (old men), 3; supporting force (old men and disabled men, unarmed), 15; total, 22. It is plan that more armed men are required to perform the labor now required of the Bureau of Conscription in this State, and unless material strength is added it will be impossible to execute orders with that promptness which the necessities of the general service so imperatively demand. The failure on the part of the reserves to reassemble in obedience to orders gives hope to the disloyal and great encouragement to deserters from the Regular Army to remain at home and resist authority. I have written this much with the hope that the major-general in charge of conscription in this State may be able to provide an adequate remedy or make such representations to the Secretary of War as will secure the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. LOCKHART,

Lieutentant-Colonel and Commandant, Alabama.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA,
Montgomery, December 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, earnestly invoking the attention of the Department to the deplorable condition of the conscript service in this State, as correctly represented in this communication. For the correction of the evil and enforcement of the laws the present system is most adequate. A supporting force composed of parties unfit for field service or over forty-five years of age is absolutely worthless under the now existing circumstances. Those unfit for field service are physically incapacitated for the active, energetic, and continuous service demanded to be efficient; and those over forty-five years of age have no heart for the work, are discontented, undisciplined, homesick, selfish, and have shown themselves unreliable. In addition to the arms called for the by commandant (and which without radical changes in the system would avail nothing), if the Government will confer on me authority to raise and accept volunteer companies of boys sixteen years of age, officered by cadets from the university, and to organize into a brigade the entire reserve cavalry, so as to give force to the zeal of the boy companies, I do not hesitate to give assurances to the Government that the present disgraceful demoralization in the State, as truly

56 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

