
represented by Lieutentant-Colonel Lockhart, shall not be permitted to continue many months.

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, December 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred for consideration of the Secretary of War.

There can be no doubt about the existence of the evils alluded to, but (as explained by Major-General Withers) the Bureau is without adequate means and agencies to remedy them. Perhaps the views expressed in the demerits of the material of the supporting force are too gloomy; but there is a difficulty about so officering them and controlling them as to attain energy and activity when we have to look mainly to disabled material. The practical suggestions of the general of reserves seem to merit consideration. As exhibiting the necessity for proper and sufficient material for this important work, it may not be inappropriate here to state that there has been issued from this Bureau since the 1st of September, 1864, a separate order in each case for the arrest and return of 30,000 absentees and deserters to their commands.

G. W. LAY,

Lieutentant-Colonel and Acting Superintendent.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 30, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Do not the powers of the commandant of reserves authorize him to do all required above except organize youths of sixteen? I doubt the policy of that measure, and, besides, fear the President would not sanction officers so young, &amp;c. Advise.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fourth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 14, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

No returns or other information in regard to these supporting forces are forwarded to this office. They have been organized under the orders of the Bureau of Conscription, and were originally composed of light-duty men and men found unfit for field service. Since the reserves have been organized the generals commanding have been authorized to detail reserves for this service. It would seem, therefore, that General Withers has power to reform these organizations by the detail of men suited to the duty from the reserve force. Probably the demands for active service at Mobile have made it inexpedient for him to do so. If that be the case, it does not appear that any action of the War Department can remedy the difficulty, unless the organization he suggests be authorized. That authority would be contrary to the almost uniform policy of the Department.

By order:

JOHN BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

