
[Fifth indorsement.]

JANUARY 23, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Indorsement of Major Hoge approved. Answer General Withers, as suggested, and say that though the Department has doubted the policy of enlisting youths under seventeen, he is authorized with assent of parents to do so as far he deems expedient.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond,

-----

. *

Hon. WILLIAM PORCHER MILES:

MY DEAR SIR: In submitting a portion of my last report on the matter of conscription, together with a few other papers. + to your inspection, will you allow me to add, by way of indirect comment, some reflections on the policy of the laws? In these papers the question at issue not whether Major-General Kemper or Brigadier-General Preston shall control conscription, nor even whether the general of reserves or the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription shall administer the law of Congress under the instruction of the Secretary of War, although I think, with respect to the latter, a question ought to be firmly made. The true issue is, whether the law of Congress is that conscription is to be determined by pure military authority and administered by military force, and on principles of mere military regulation, or whether it is a law covering and protecting civil and personal rights, and at the same time providing that the wants of the Government are to be supplied by a process which, after adjudication, may be enforced by military power. To my mind there can be no clearer exposition of the meaning of the law than is fairly deducible from its affirmations and ommissions. The predominant and pervading principle, inferable from every clause, is that Congress intended to make a law which would keep as distinct as (under the circumstances of the country) could by possibility be achieved the creation and maintenance of the armies from their organization and movement. The principle is one which no nation, wise toward its strength and liberty, has ever departed from, except under the exigency of despotic military rules, or the "last extremity," as it called in Rome, when dictators were appointed.

In ordinary wars, where levies are made for foreign or local service, it is a matter of course that armies are raised by ordinary civil agencies; but in wars in which the whole population and the whole production of a country (the soldiers and the subsistence of armies) are to be put on a war footing, where very institution is to be made auxiliary to war, where every citizen and every industry is to have for the time but the one attribute-that of contributing to the public defense-then there must be established new forms of power, fitted for the grave duty of directing and controlling these contributions, with least injury to the citizen, least danger to public liberty, and

---------------

* Without date, but probably written late in November or early in December, 1864.

+ Papers referred to not found as inclosure and not otherwise identified. But see Preston to Davis and Seddon, October 18; Prestong to Seddon, October 20; Preston to Seddon, October 22; Preston to Campbell, November 3, and Preston to Seddon, November 5, pp. 737,742,742,780,785.

---------------

