
most vigor in the public defense. The Congress has cautiously designated what these contributions shall be, and because we are in the state, in the circumstances, of war, has designated their supreme war minister to administer them. It is just here, then, where, in view of the public welfare, the public liberty, and the public defense (and the fact that the two first are dependent on the strength of the last), that the wisest caution and most prudent direction are to be exercised. The supreme Congress must yield largely to executive and ministerial authority; but the case has never occurred in modern days when it was deemed necessary to yield to the extent of giving to military force the authority to determine the rights of citizens, and to choose the means of creating and maintaning the armies. After such rights and such means are indicated by law, and the war minister determines them in a state of war, the provisions of the public defense may be enforced by military powers. The executive and ministerial departments are then bound to decide on these rights and means, according to the law, by tribunals instituted in the spirit of the law, and to enforce them so as to meet the requirements of the condition (of war) of the country.

As yet I am not aware that any wise or honest executive has ever given that decision to their military commanders in the field (to those whose commands may be enlarged, or sustained, by violating these rights, or wasting the means of public defense and thereby endangering public liberty), and who are supposed to be absorbed in the appropriate duty or organizing, disciplining, and moving the armies, the creation and subsistence of which are provided for by the state. The practiced and skilled Adjutant-General, the organizer of the armies, recognizes this by declining to have anything to do with conscription except clerically-to issue the general orders concerning it-which is of itself an error; for the Adjutant and Inspector General, the organizer, should have not even this connection with the levying and maintaining of armies. The admirably wise General Lee, the military leader of the armies, recognizes this principle in his whole course. He calls on the Government for men and arms and subsistence. He does not send out brigades to decide who are the men the law allows him, or what the law prescribes, to make him arms and food. He asks for the things, not the making of them; that is the business of the Congress and of Mr. Seddon. The whole tone and terms of the great law of April, 1862, and its amendments, and the law of 17th of February, 1864, with marked and unmistakable caution avoid every approach to the faintest shadow of military conscription. They provide modes of creating, maintaining, and organizing armies by "An act to provide for the public defense," and "An act to organize forces to serve during the war," their main features being to provide the means of maintaining these armies by cherishing and forcing the industrial productions of the country. The Adjutant-General's Office, the military office of the President and the Secretary of War, is charged with orgaznization into armies of the men and means provided by Congress, and with the instruction of the military commanders as to the discipline and movement of those armies. This is strictly military business.

But war is not confined to merely the miilitary business to organize, discipline, and movement. War embraces the legislative action and the civil process necessary to the creation of armies; it embraces the Treasury, the Department of Justice, the civil and social institutions,

