
the industries and productions, the support and protection of the people. The military condition is a necessary, but merely incidental and partial, element of a state of war, and to be controlled always by the capacity of the country to maintain it. During the prevalence of that condition the machine of state must be conducted always with a view to the accumulated difficulties and dangers imposed upon it; and the armies are the result of the judicious working of the machinery, not the machine itself. Undertake to make or maintain armies by the means of the armies themselves and you establish military despotism or you certainly fail in the purpose. In free countries you will inevitably fail. No wise Government has ever permitted the experiment. Cromwell would not undertake it; and seventy years after his time England refused allow Marlborough to enforce enlistments. But Bolingbroke, the war minister, created the armies with which Marlborough fought at Blenheim and Ramillies; and eighty years later (seventy years ago) Carnot, the war minister, sent 1,200,000 men to the borders of France, while French industry (the means of maintaining them) was improved beyond anything before known in France. In the intense state of war which exists in the Confederate States it is wise and necessary to refer every act of Government and to require, bterest to be referred to strengthening the public defense by means of the military power. The efficiency of the public defense is made up of other elements besides the numbers of the military forces. Who shall judge of the aptitude and application of these elements? Surely not the military chiefs, whose vocation is to use them, not to make them. The absolute rule of all experience and logic is that the state makes armies, the generals fight them. A departure from this rule always has and necessarily must weaken the public defense and endanger the public liberty. And there can be no departure from it more dangerous than that of giving to purely military authorities the power to decide upon the necessities of the country in view of the maintenance of its armies.

Recognizing this course of argument and these principles, General Orders, Nos. 30 and 82, of 1862, and No. 26, of 1864, were issued. (It might be said very properly that these orders ought to have issued directly from the Secretary of War and not from the office of organization.) They gave a complete exposition of the purposes and policy of the laws and organized a system of administration of great innate energy. The impediments to their thorough execution have been the active opposition to the law by State authorities, the resistance of communities and individuals. The expanded territory and sparse population, the want of apt and efficient agencies, but above all, the interference, authorized and unauthorized, of the military authorities. I have no hesitation and saying that if there is a man to-day out of the service who ought by law to be in it, is owing very largely to the failure to supply the conscription with proper agencies, to the authorized interference of military authority, and to the failure in recognizing conscription as disconnected from, independent of, and uncontrolled by military authority. I have doubted-even though we are in the "very circumctance" of war-the policy of employing officers holding military commissions in this service, except for enforcing the decrees of conscription tribunals. What these errors have led to west of the Mississippi is not record. The pro-consul for that region is a wise statesman as well as a soldier,

