
and it is believed he has been prudent and judicious. The results east of the Mississippi are known, and the conclusions I have indicated are most unahappily sustained by them. Four States were harried for eight months by a loose army of 6,000 men under the name of a conscription organization; millions of dollars were expended, the country wasted, the people vexed, and scarcely a soldier sent to the armies. And yet, during the whirlwind of clamor and dust, it was gravely urged by the highest military officers that the same system should be established throughout the Confederate States. Fortunately for the public service by system collapsed, and yet while the Secretary of War was engaged in gathering up the fragments from the storm in the west it burst out again at Richmond, under the erroneous construction of General Orders, No. 73, 1864, and the series which followed that order. There never has been, there is not now, and there never can be any necessity for placing the matter of conscription in the hands of military commanders; and it should be provided against by law. With this provision of law I am thoroughly convinced that the time now is when the Congress should transfer to the Executive full authority to declare and decide what classes and what individual citizens should be selected to be sent into the armies, and on what terms and for what consideration other classes and other individuals should be exempted from that service. I believe the Executive can establish a system for recruiting and maintaining the armies so distinct from, so independent of, the organization and movement of the armies as to avoid all danger to the social economy and the public liberty; indeed, that it may be so organized as materially to check any danger which might arise from the supreme and universal domination of the military power. These are matters for ttesmanships should mark the deliberations in which you are called to act so prominent a part. They are above the sphere of my humble ministerial functions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 285.
 Richmond, December 1, 1864.

* * * * *

XXVI. The general supply store in Richmond will not fill requisitions for the supply of troops in the field. All such requisitions will so as heretofore to the C. S. arsenal and will be filled there.

XXVII. Ordnance stores needed at the arsenal for the supply of troops in the field will be drawn from the supply store on requisition approved by the general commanding officer of the arsenal.

XXVIII. All issues to officers will be made at the supply store, and stores at the arsenal or any of its departments are not to be issued nor sold, but held subject to requisitions, except one complete set of arms and equipments as provided in paragraph 60, Ordnance Regulations.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

