
CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

OFFICE INSPECTOR-GENERAL OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, December 1, 1864.

SECTION I.

1 As modified in its organizations by recent orders, the system of conscription, involving the most vital interests of the country, must henceforth mainly depend for thoroughness of working upon the full and enlightened discharged of duty by the inspecting officers attached to the special service. If these can be brought to realize the character and scope of their office, they will appreciate that seldom, if ever, in the history of nations, have trusts so delicate and weighty been assigned to commissions so unpretending in rank and title. It will be their duty, by searching inquiry, to ascertain for the final action of higher authority how the balance has been or should be adjusted in their respective districts of observation between the recognized demands of armies in the field, the necessities of manufacture, transportation, production, and supply, and the claims of law, equity, and humanity. In brief, they are to be the official advisers as to how every man shall be required to pay, and can most usefully pay, his tribute to his country's cause, whether in the first rank, or in the second class, or exclusively in industrial and mechanical pursuits that from their nature admit of no interruption. To attain these ends a power of censorship unparalled in modern times, has been accorded to the War Department in the conduct of the conscript service, in view of public perils, and needs such as have seldom appealed with equal force to the whole mass of any people. If such appeal fail to awaken in the class of agents herein addressed a pervading and ever-stimulating sense of patriotic duty, any system of regulations that may be propounded must likewise fail of effect.

2. The indications of paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 73, 1864, that inspectors should be appointed for each Congressional district, will be construed as an absolute direction.

So soon as the working of the system under the supervision of district inspectors can be tested, it will be the duty of generals of reserves and commandants of conscripts to report to this Bureau the names of all inspectors who appear to be, for any reason, inadequate to their position, and to ask for the substitution of other suitable officers, nominating such, if known and eligible. The assignment to such positions is a measure of selection, terminable at will, and no formality of charges or trials is requisite to rid the conscript service of subordinate agents who may fail to give satisfaction to the superiors responsible for their efficiency.

3. Some instructions are herewith subjoined (with an appendix) as landmarks for the guidance of inspecting officers in their path of duty and of study. These are, however, by no means exhaustive. No treatise of moderate dimensions could exhaust so vast a scheme, into which so many elements enter, and so many modifications have at intervals been introduced. It will be demanded of these officers that they shall bring to bear education, intelligence, patience, and study enough to master the system as developed in successive published orders and current instructions.

To furnish a convenient manual of reference for principles, a selection of laws, orders, and circulars is herewith printed as a digest of what may be styled the general law of the system of conscription.

