
For variations and minutiae, officers must depend on their own study of general orders and special indorsements of instruction, in the official files and books of record, many of which have never been in print.

SECTION II. r of this Bureau will be on duty as chief of the inspecting department of the conscript service. Any letters asking information or instruction on special questions of principle, or as to their general duties, may be addressed to him by all officers on inspecting duty; but, ordinarily, the generals of reserves, commandants of conscripts, or State inspectors will be addressed for such information. District inspectors will transmit to this office direct a copy of each periodical or other important inspection report rendered by them to their immediate superiors.

2. As early as practicable one or more inspectors will be appointed for each State as auxiliary officers of this Bureau. They will be subject to no other authority than that of the War Department, acting through the superintendent of conscription; and their communications will be made direct to the inspector-general of conscription at the Bureau. Their duties will be those of thorough inspection and supervision of the whole administration of the conscript service, and of the qualification of its officers (especially the district inspectors), reporting monthly the results of their month's observations. They will be authorized to correct any errors of enrolling or inspecting officers by issuing special instructions in conformity to existing regulations. In any case, however, of supposed error, where the enrolling officer is acting in the matter under express orders from the State commandant or general of reserves, the State inspector will take no further step than to report specially, for the action of higher authority, his views as to the necessity or propriety of changing or modifying such orders.

The principles hereinafter laid down for the guidance of district inspectors will also serve to guide the State inspectors.

SECTION III.

1. The leading duties of the inspecting officers may be classed under the general heads of visitation, scrutiny, revision, and report.

2. Visitations will be about equally distributed, but at unequal intervals and uncertain times. This system will afford the best practical test whether the local enrolling officers and their aids attend habitually at their posts of duty. Such constant attention is the primary and indispensable guarantee for the faithful discharge of duty. The subordinate agents of conscription should be made to realize that while their fellow-citizens in the field must hug their muskets day and night, in camps or in trenchers, hot or cold, dusty or wet, it is deemed no hardship to exact from those at home a devotion of all day and every day to less trying tasks. The whole time of every conscript officer will be demanded to be bestowed on his own branch of service, and no diversion of any portion of it will be tolerated any more than in the case of a soldier in the field. No loose system of accumulating superfluous numbers at local offices and then dividing duty into reliefs is to be tolerated. Neither will any furloughs be recognized as valid if emanating from any authority less than that of the State commandants.

