
Wherever the inspecting officer finds a county enrolling officer on duty in the county of his own residence or estate (contrary to the general though not invariable rule respecting assignments) he will note and report the fact, and the reasons existing for the special exception, and will be vigilant to ascertain whether the circumstances of such location has led to absentees detrimental to the interests of the service or to the convenience of the public. He will also specially note if there is reason to believe that the office is used to gratify neighborhood partialities or animosities, or if such impression prevails.

3. The scrutiny of the inspecting officer will be directed primarily to the punctuality, formality, accuracy, and fullness of the various registrations, correspondence, and reports demanded by existing regulations from enrolling officers, and to the industry and intelligence bestowed by them upon the collection of required information and in the execution of orders generally. He will often find occasion to correct the loose practice of mentioning an individual as "Lieut. A. B. " simply, instead of describing him as First Lieut. or Second Lieut. A. B., of such and such a regiment or special service. He will often have occasion to impress the necessity of describing the antecedent as well as the present status, as, for example, in the case of a man over forty-five, when it should be stated whether or no he had been called on for military service before reaching that age and thus became liable to retention in service of the first class after reaching it. He should ascertain whether the local officer in forwarding applications to higher authority habitually completes the information of all descriptions due in the case, and accompanies it by a distinct and studied opinion or recommendation founded upon personal investigation. It is to failures in these respects-at the fountain head-that injurious delays and sometimes errors in the disposition of cases are usually due. The inspector will be relied on to act, to a great extent, as instructor to the enrolling officers, imparting and explaining, in a kind and patient spirit, the rules of a difficult system. It should not be too hastily assumed that imperfection has resulted from neglect or ignorance from incapacity. After a fair trial should follow an honest report of censure on all unfit agents. In cases where culpable misconduct is charged facts, names, and dates should be set forth as fully as known, in order that prosecutions may be instituted.

Any intelligent inspector will perceive that upon the fidelity, impartiality, and (within limits) considerate kindness with which the system is administered must depend, in great measure, the spirit in which the community will accept the claims of conscription; and it will be no small part of his duty to see that enrolling officers respect public feeling and individual rights, in manner and in substance. He must also appreciate and enforce the importance of exact data and full information in every case, that the action of the conscript authorities may be not only right, but susceptible of vindication against attack or misconcemption.

The organization of the local offices will be a periodical subject of inspection, to see that among the enrolling officers and their aids are found no persons liable to and capable of service in the field, unless specially so assigned by the War Department or by this Bureau.

In regard to all citizens not in the Army, the bulk of cases to be examined is divisible into two classes: The one of claims for exemption under laws mandatory and absolute (during the continuance of the cause of exemption and of compliance with its conditions); the other of claims or applications for temporary exemptions or details,

