
II. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 97, series 1862, is amended thus:

Officers and agents of the Quartermaster's Department are hereby ordered not to interfere with leather or hides purchased or contracted for by officers or agents of the Ordnance Department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, February 8, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

COLONEL: I have to report the receipt of late services from Major W. H. Smith, commissary of subsistence, on inspection duty in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, in which encouraging accounts are given of the ability of the latter State to meet our wants fully with breadstuffs, and partially with meat, if the system inaugurated for supplying General Johnson's army be vigorously carried out, viz, drawing supplies from Northern Georgia and Alabama, and relieving Major Allen's district in Southwest Georgia, and if the required reforms in the management of railroad transportation are at once adopted. Major Smith cites numerous and flagrant abuses to which this important arm of the public defense has been and is constantly subjected, showing that the Government is deprived of many facilities by the cupidity of railroad companies and the corruption of agents and employees, who regard their personal interests as paramount to all other consideration. The official report of the Charlotte and South Carolina road exhibits the following statement of receipts: From the Confederate States, $336,603; private freight, $270,544; Southern Express Company, $186,281; the latter paying one-half as much as the Government, illustrating beyond dispute that the amount of transportation controlled by this company is greatly beyond what they are legitimately entitled to, and the additional fact is given that some twenty or thirty cars are owned by it at Augusta, which necessarily occasion interruption to more important trains. We are now dependent on the south for bread, yet under the most favorable circumstances, with existing arrangements, it is impossible to provide for the daily wants of General Lee's army and the troops in this State, to say nothing of the imperative necessity for creating a reserve in anticipation of the many emergencies likely to arise not only from movements of the enemy, but from accidents on a line of communication between 600 and 700 miles in length. To-day we have not on hand rations for two days, and with no prospect of accumulations in this State from purchases, &amp;c., it is impossible to foresee how forward movements can be made by the Army of Northern Virginia, in the spring if we continue to be pressed for the current demands, and no increase is made from the only source to which we can confidently look. With no efforts to improve our facilities of transportation, and whilst the present defective system continues, we must remain in a condition of uncertainty that sooner or later will culminate in disaster. We are apprised that thirty-five cars loaded with corn have reMained at Gaston, N. C., one week, besides large quantities of other supplies at that place and Raleigh, owing to the derangement of the trains by military move-

