
as to which the law is permissory only, and which are at all times terminable at the discretion of the authority issuing them.

In regard to the first class (of exemptions claimed by law), the inspector must study and enjoin the principle of the Bureau circular of March 30, 1863, the capital points of which are that every citizen is entitled to the full benefit of the prescribed medical examination as to physical and mental capacity for service; that affidavits of parties affirming non-liability, of age or domicile, are not to be accepted as proof in doubtful cases, but have yet the force of suspending action and securing further investigation, with reference to higher authority for final decision; and that no one claiming exemption with any plausibility on grounds of the foregoing character is to be held to service pending the inquiry.

A special subject of attention will be the compliance of that class of exempts known as "bonded farmers" with the third condition of paragraph IV of section 10 of the act approved February 17, 1864, and published in General Orders, No. 26 (same year). With every periodical report of the inspector he will be required to mention what inquiries he has made on this head and with what results; nor will such reports be vague and general, but as individual and circumstantial as possible.

In regard to the second class (temporary exemptions or details), two leading rules are to be enforced. No application for the originating a new detail or continuing a revoked one will, under existing regulations, authorize suspension of action nor delay, in sending the party to the field. No existing detail will be allowed to continue if its necessity be doubted or if its conditions appear not to be observed without a report to higher authority suggesting its revocation or a further inquiry in relation to it, nor will any irregular detail be respected for a day. All parties having control of detailed men must be made to understand that it is at the peril of their own interests if they slur over or neglect the requirements imposed on them in the premises. It will be held as prima facie evidence that a detail ought not to continue when the time of the party detailed is not devoted continuously and exclusively to the object assigned. Traveling physicians or school-masters, absentee detailed agriculturists, and any parties engaged in trade, commerce, or speculation while holding details will be treated as suspicious cases. The opinion and testimony of neighbors, if sought for, will usually lead to the truth. The inspectors will be full in their reports on such cases, and where an employe of any officer is concerned he will report the officer's name, corps, rank, and station.

Inspectors in acting under the first paragraph of General Orders, No. 81, current series, will not order to camp any parties holding certificates or details of a date subsequent to October 8, 1864, but will limit themselves to making a report of any such cases in their opinion falling within the spirit of the order, with the reasons for such opinion.

The detection and return of deserters and stragglers from the Army is one of the most important tasks imposed on the conscript officers and reserve forces, as also the prosecution of offenses (against Confederate or State laws) in the procuring or enticing of desertion, and the harboring of deserters. Every case of furlough or leave of absence overstaid is a prima facie case of deserters, wherever there has been a failure to comply with the provisions of the general orders of the series of 1863 (numbered, respectively, 51, 69, 141, and 157) or such of them as are applicable. The grade of commissioned officer

