
will afford no protection against inquiry and report on this subject, nor even against custodial detention, where prolonged absence or suspicious appearances indicate a purpose to escape across our lines. This latter power must, however, be used with delicacy.

There exist in some States auxliary statutes to second Confederate provision against the act and the harboring of desertion. The inspector must, by conference with the State authorities, learn the practical mode of working these and impart instructions to the enrolling officers. The tes district attorney will be a proper person to consult.

The collection of arms or other warlike property that ought to be in Government hands will be another subject of attention.

The inspector will entertain and transmit, with his own views, to higher authority any collective appeals from respectable sources in favor of peculiar local exigencies within his district of observation, as, for instance, where the region has been unusually and extremely devastated, and the white male population is in unduly scanty proportion, or, in general, wherever special needs for subsistence or production seem to invite a relaxation of general rules. Such reports will, however, be valueles without somewhat minute statistics.

The action of medical exemining boards will so far occupy the inspector as to call for inquiry and report whether their time is diligently and continuously applied to the prescribed objects, and whether their sessions are arranged with a proper view to the interests of the service and the convenience of the community. Over their judgments, under the law, as experts, upon questions of physical capacity, he can exercise no supervision further than to inform himself, from public report or by the investigation of criticism or complaint upon individual cases, whether there is reason to attribute a probable want of capacity or of good faith to the boards. Should his judgment be unfavorably impressed, he will report any matter that has reached him as a basis on which inquiry may be instituted, by higher authority, into the qualifications and fidelity of the medical examiners.

To guard against erroneous views which have had some prevalence, the inspectors are desired to bear in mind and teach to others the true doctrine of the exact effect of such certificates of disability as declare its cause to be permanent. These are not subject, to dispute or review, unless in the special conditions and modes set forth by general orders. But, in practice as in theory, accepted as relasing the holders from all future claim by the Government on them for military service, nor as removing all objection to their quitting the country. Such exemptions are terminable, for the Government has released its lien on the parties for service only during the actual (not the probable nor speculative) continuance of the disability. Hence the holders are bound (unless it be otherwise ordered by the War Department in individual cases) to remain within reach of that call for re-examination to which they are at any time liable.

On any issue as to the legal right of a conscript to be discharged from military custody, the decree of a civil court will be respected in the individual case, but will not be a rule of action for the conscript officers, who must look to the Confederate Government for the construction of its laws. The release of A or B under mandate of a court will not prevent the conscription of C or D in like conditions,

