
although the latter will in turn be yielded should the courts so specially decree. Where the judgment of inferior courts on questions of law is adverse to the Government claim, appeal will be taken to the higher courts. General Orders, No. 31, 1864, contain ample instructions on the questions of custody and proceeding. If doubt or difficulty arise the Confederate States district attorney should be asked for legal advice when practicable.

The foregoing enumeration included some of the subjects only on which enrolling officers are to be enlightened and guided. From the ommission of other it is not to be inferred that they do not exist. The inspector's own study of the service must disclose them to him.

4. Revision, by observation, inquiry, and report of all that has been doing in the local administration of the conscript service, and which may seem to require reconsideration, will be the continuous duty of the inspector. In exercising office he is not expected to countermand what has been done, but only to inform higher authority what goes wrong. In some cases he may interfere, by instructions, under the principles laid down for the government of State inspectors in paragraph 2, section II, of this circular. The leading subjects to occupy his attention have been indicated in the remarks under the head of "Scrutiny. " Minute inquiry is involed into the personal circumstances, occupations, and transactions of parties detailed and exempted, and into the conduct (so far as their employment of conscript material is concerned) of workshops and other establishments by Government officers and contractors. These tasks will be irksome, often painful, and might be well-nigh odious, if their recognized necessity and importance (in the circumstances of the country) had not already redeemed, justified, and dignified them, even in the enlightened eyes of a people little used to such censorship. The utmost delicacy of feeling and manner compatible with duty is, however, due in its performance.

5. Reports will be made at the end of each month by the inspector, setting forth his observation of the local administration of the conscript service is so much of his district as he has been able to visit during the month. As tabular statistics are required to be furnished monthly by enrolling officers to commandants, only a statement of general results will be looked for from the inspector.

Reports on individual cases or separate investigations demanding special review will ordinarily be made the subject of separate communications.

While the views of the inspector are invited as to the policy of changes in laws or general orders, such matter will be presented for consideration apart from any remarks on the administration under existing rules. In this way only can he fully avoid the appearance of censure on officers, for faults or defects as to which they are not responsible if carrying out orders.

SECTION IV.

This circular with its appendix will form a manual, which the inspector will always keep about him for his own information and that of others. If relieved he is positively enjoined to turn it over to his successor, whose duty it will be to demand it.

For ready reference a list of subjects in their order, embraced in this circular, is added in a postscript; * also with the appendix will

---------------

* Postscript omitted.

---------------

