
BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 1, 1864.

Major P. MALLETT,

Commandant of Conscripts for North Carolina:

(Through Lieut. Gen. T. H. Holmes.)

MAJOR: Your letter of the 24th of November has been received. It is a matter of painful regret that the consolidated monthly reports from May to September should be acknowledged to be so utterly false and unreliable. They have already been forwarded to the Secretary of War and certified by me as the exact condition of the service within your command. They have been submitted to the President and Congress under like certificate. The gross errors now admitted falsify the solemn returns of this Bureau. Your explanation cannot be accepted as a palliation even of these errors. Article X of Circular No. 8, of 1864, of this Bureau, expressly and positively orders the exemption of State officers to be given by the commandant of conscripts. You admit them to have been given by enrolling officers. Article VII of that circular provides the mode of issuing certificates on account of physical disability, which mode brings such exemptions directly within the records of the commandant's office. Article VIII provides very distinctly for the proper record of the most essential classes of exemptions. The second paragraph provides expressly that the class therein mentioned shall receive exemptions direct from the commandant of conscripts; so with the class under the third paragraph. Under these plain provisions of the orders of this Bureau it cannot be admitted that false returns of enrolling officers, persisted in for five months, afforded a sufficient explanation for the certificate of those returns made in the consolidated reports of the commandant.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

CIRCULAR. CONSCRIPT OFFICE, No. 77
 Richmond, December 1, 1864.

In entering upon your duties many of you have made inquiries and asked for information upon various points. Instructions for the entire service will, it is suppposed, be issued at an early date and forwarded to you, in which all the important duties instructed to you will be clearly and accurately defined. * Doubtless these instructions will contain a reference to and digest of all the general orders and ruling decisions of the Department governing this branch of the service, embodied in a brief convenient form for reference. To relieve you from any embarrassments, however, it is my duty, as far as I can, to furnish you with sufficient information to enable you to proceed in harmony with what will be your instructions hereafter from higher authority. You are informed that Major-General Kemper, in charge of conscription in Virginia, under the provisions of General Orders, No. 81, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, directs that you be instructed with the execution of so much of that order as is embraced in paragraph I. I need not remind you that this is an important and delicate trust, requiring great prudence and the exercise of a sound discretiom. Although I have no written instructions

---------------

* See p. 887.

---------------

