
by which to direct you, yet I would advise you not to take any action at this time in reference to parties exempt by surgeon's certificate and detailed as light-duty men since the publication of General Orders, No. 77, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series. It is to be presumed that persons who have reported under that order, and who have been discharged or found for light duty by the select boards appointed under paragraph III of the said order, should not be liable to the inspection required by General Orders, No. 81. In reference to this matter, however, the general instructions to be issued will give you all the necessary information.

As before stated, I think it advisable, to suspend action in all such cases unless it is very evident that the detail or exemption should not have been granted, and until the general instructions are received you had better make special report in each case which in your opinion requires immediate attention. If it should be supposed that the Department in dispensing with the services of the district enrolling officers intended to signity that the duties performed by such officers were not of great importance to the service, the conclusion would be erroneous. On the contrary, it is the object of the Department to effect by the change a more rapid execution of orders and to ascertain more directly whether the enrolling officers are prompt in the performance of their duties. To effect this end, as well as for other important considerations, the office of district inspector was created. A full, complete, and accurate monthly return from the enrolling officers will be required, and it will be your duty to see that such returns are made promptly to this office, and in case of failure you will report the fact without delay. It is unnecessary to go over in this circular all that is required in the regular monthly report. The instructions to the enrolling officers are full and complete in this particular, and in connection with this branch of your attention is directed to Circulars Nos. 75 and 76 from this office, copies of which are inclosed. It will be your duty in the inspectionooks, &amp;c., of the enrolling officers to see that not only all the reports and returns are made required by the general instructions emanating from higher authority, but that Circular No. 75 is complied with in every particular.

It must be shown, both in the report of the local officer and your own, by what authority, stating the number of the order, &c., every officer, non-commissioned officer, private, or unassigned conscript has been assigned to this service. The guards being detailed both from the Army rolls and from the camp of instruction, it will be your duty to make a roll similar to the muster and pay roll of the Army, observing the necessary classifications, especially alternations since the last muster and inspection. This roll will he required at the end of every even month. No man detailed for this service will be mounted unless it is in your opinion necessary, and upon the muster-roll opposite to the name of the party it will be stated whether he is mounted; if so, by what order. You will make a monthly report of the number of horses necessary for the officers and guards and actually in service in your district, in order that arrangements may be made with the Quartermaster's Department for a regular issue of forage for the same. It will be recommended that the forage for the entire force shall be issued upon your requisition, and at such convenient points as you will designate. This course is rendered necessary because some

