
enrolling officers are not commissioned officers. If in the commencement of your duties you should find the guard unequally distributed in the counties of your district, you will make such disposition and apportionments of it as the good of the service may seem to demand, concentrating them for any purposes whenever in your opinion it is necessary for this branch of the service; but al detailed men assigned to the conscript service come under the regulations governing local organizations which are effected by the county commandant.

In this connection attention is called to Circular No. 8, headquarters Reserve Forces of Virginia, a copy of which is inclosed. In reference to organization, equipment, mustering, and the regulations of the guard, you will adhere to the system established for companies in the field, and in this particular all the duties of a company officer are enjoined upon you-such as property returns, reports of arms, accouterments, ammunition, &amp;c., adhering strictly to the Army Regulations. Until all these regulations are complied it will be impossible to issue any property or clothing for the men, and it would be necessary that each man assigned to the service should have a descriptive list, and its correctness certified to by the proper officer. Should rations be drawn by any of the men detailed on this service it must be upon your requisition or approval, and care must be taken in certifying to the correctness of accounts for commutation that parties who have drawn are not included. You are informed that the entire service in your district falls within your duties as inspector, and for this reason it would be necessary that the medical boards should be in direct communication with you and that you should be informed of their appointments for examination, establshment of rendezvous, &c. To secure concert of action a copy of this circular will be forwarded to the boards for their information. You will observe that it will be impossible to enter upon a regular and systematic course of action, with regard to the payment of detailed men on this service, until your reports and muster-rolls are received. You will, therefore, have much work to do in the month of December, and it is earnestly desired that there shall be no delay or lack of activity on your part. The duties of the district inspector are varied and important. While he will be held to a strick accountability for the discharge of specified duties, he occupies a position which will enable him to render other important service.

From officers of your experience and intelligence much is expected, and I confidently hope that the record of your future services will prove that this confidence has not been misplaced.

J. C. SHIELDS,

Lieutentant-Colonel and Commandant.

(To Congressional District Inspectors.)

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 35.
 Richmond, December 2, 1864.

Generals commanding reserves in the respective States will proceed forthwith and with the utmost vigor to organize for "continuous local service to be mustered in for the war" companies to consist of all men found for light duty and not otherwise assigned and actually employed, of men transferred to the Invalid Corps and found fit for the duties

