
hereinafter indicated, and such men as are temporarily disabled for field service. The men of this latter class when found ready for the field to be forthwith restored to their proper commands. These companies, to consist of not less than sixty men, and officers of the Reserve Corps will be assigned by the generals commanding to a thorough inspection of them and the muster-rolls forwarded to this Bureau. Upon their reception the Secretary of War will assign officers to the command of the companies. It is the purpose of the War Department to assign these companies to duty as guards at posts, prisons, camps of instruction, on railroad trains, and such like service.

Prompt action is required of officers charged with the duties herein prescribed.

By command of the Secretary of War:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Resolved, That the President of the Confederate States be respectfully requested to inform the Senate whether any and what restrictions have been imposed upon the exercise of the right of the Confederate States, or any of them, to export on their own account any of the articles enumerated in the act entitled "An act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States of provide for the public defense," approved February 6, 1864. Also, whether the regulations made under the first section of said act have caused any diminution in the number of vessels engaged in foreign commerce. Also, whether the said act of Congress, and the regulations made under its authority, have been beneficial or otherwise in their effect on the success of our arms and the supply of means necessary for the public defense. Also, whether experience has suggested the necessity of the repeal of said act of 6th of February, or any modifications or amendments of its provisions. *

[Passed December 5, 1864.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 86.
 Richmond, December 5, 1864.

I. The chief of the Bureau of Conscription will continue with all practicable dispatch to bring into service the 20,000 slaves authorized by the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864. Enrolling officers will prepare correct lists in duplicate of the names, personal description, and ascertained value of the slaves, the county, district, or parish in which the time when each was impressed, the name of the owner of each, and of the impressing officer. One of these lists will be forwarded monthly to the commandant of conscription in the State to which the slave belongs and the other to the superintendent of the Bureau, each of whom will cause them to be copied in some uniform manner convenient for reference.

II. When fifty or more slaves shall have been collected at any one station they will be forwarded, under the charge of discreet men detailed from the reserve forces, to such point as the superintendent

---------------

* A similar resolution was passed by the House of Representatives December 6, 1864. For reply thereto, see December 20, p. 948. A like message was sent to the Senate December 17, 1864 (here permitted to avoid duplication), in response to this resolution of December 5.

---------------

57 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

