
of conscription may direct, and turned over to the engineer officer instructed to receive them, for labor in the engineer and other departments of the service. A copy of the descriptive roll of each slave will accompany his delivery to the engineer officer.

III. The chief engineer of each army or military department will, under the direction of the Engineer Bureau, have the general supervision and control of the slaves, and will organize them into gangs of 100 men each (selecting of the number as foremen), over whom will be placed a manager and two overseers. Every eight gangs will constitute a section, for which a superintendent will be selected. Three sections will compose a force, over which will be placed a director. Two clerks will be employed or detailed for each director, and one for each superintendent.

IV. The directors, superintendents, managers, and overseers will be detailed or selected by the Secretary of War from men qualified by experience in the management of slaves, and who are fitted for the positions by their character for probity, energy, and intelligence.

V. There will be assigned, by orders from this office, a purveyor to each force and an assistant purveyor to each section, who will provide subsistence, clothing, and other necessary stores, making requisition thereof upon the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments. These will be bonded agents. In like manner a medical officer will be assigned for each section, who will obtain supplies for the slaves from the Medical Department upon requisition as prescribed for surgeons and assistant surgeons of the Army. Provision returns and requisitions for quartermaster's stores will be signed by the manager, and when approved by the superintendent the purveyor of the section will make the issue.

VI. The Engineer Bureau will detail an officer of the engineer service, for each army or department, to organize, inspect, and m sections, and forces, and to make details of working parties in such number and for such objects as may be ordered by the commanding general. In this manner details of slaves will be made to perform labor in other departments of the service, it being intended that all such slaves shall be under the management and supervision of the Engineer Department. When slaves are detailed in other departments than the Engineer Department the manager will send with them descriptive lists, retaining their names, however, upon his muster-rolls.

VII. Managers will prepare a muster-rolls and duplicate muster and pay rolls of the slaves on the last day of every even month. The first will be transmitted to the chief of the Engineer Bureau, the muster and pay rolls to the Quartermaster-General. Each will be forwarded through the superintendents, who will be held responsible for their correctness. The ascertained value of each slave will appear upon both the muste-roll and the muster and pay rolls. The rate of pay will be determined by agreement with the owners or by appraisement, as provided by law.

VIII. The value of the slave will be ascertained at the time of impressment, after careful medical examination (under rules prescribed by the Surgeon-General), by agreement between the enrolling officer and the onwer, or by appraisement under the law regulating impressments, that, in the event of his loss while employed by the Govenment, "by the act of the enemy or by escape to, or by death inflicted by the enemy, or by disease contracted while in any service

