
required of him," his owner may receive his full value from the Government. Slaves already impressed and in service without previous appraisement or ascertained of hire, or who may hereafter be impressed or received without appraisement or special contract, will be appraised and their hires will be fixed by boards of disinterested slave-holders selected and organized by the Engineer Bureau. Enrolling officers will impress upon owners the propriety and advantage of having their slaves provided with one good new suit of clothing before they are turned to the Government, the value of which will be estimated in the appraisement.

The loss of a slave from either of the causes enumerated, and the time and manner of it, will will be reported in triplicate by the manager of the gang to which he belongs to the chief of the Bureau. He will at the same time note the casualty upon the next muster-roll.

IX. At the expiration of every six months the Quartermaster-General will send an officer to convenient places in each State to pay owners, or their attorneys the hire of their slaves or, if lost, their appraised or agreed value.

X. Every effort will be made to induce contentment in the slaves. Their discipline will be considerate and mild for minor offenses. Cases of a grave character will be forwarded for the depremination and instructions of the chief engineer of the army or department, who will in the meantim prepare and submit for the approval of his commanding general a code for the government of managers and others in charge of the slaves.

XI. The commanding general of each army or department will promptly remove and order to the ranks any manager or other employe having the supervision of slaves who is guilty of cruelty toward them, or malfeasance or of malpractice, and will impose such other penalties as the offense would justify under the Ninety-ninth Rule and Article of War.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, December 5, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Major S. B. French went to Wilmington on the 16th of November. He did so partly at the suggestion of Mr. Trenholm, the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury, and upon what he and I thought an assurance from that gentleman that he would be able to let him have sterling bills to meet whatever contracts he might be enabled to make for subsistence, especially meat and coffee, to run the blockade. He had full authority from you to make such engagements, and did accordingly make them. But on requesting the sterling Mr. Trenholm informs me that he has none, and cannot promise me that by a specified time. He thinks that he made a statement to that effect to Major French and myself. But Major French has no recollection of it; nor have I, though I do not mean to contradict him. What is material is that we now need 65,000 pounds sterling, including 27,500 pounds

