
raise a regiment within the enemy's lines. The men and officers all formerly belonged to Colonel Blythe's old regiment, the term of service of which, according to the representation of both men and officers, was for twelve months. That term of enlistment has long since expired, and no authority has ever been granted to them to re-enlist in State service. There are some good men among these companies, but the great majority are simply seeking hiding-place from conscription, and never will do any service as cavalry, or while they remain so close to their homes, and the best interest the service requires that they should be conscription and put in the infantry. You are an old soldier, and I know appreciate the necessity for discipline, and it would require but a few days of personal inspection to satisfy you that these State companies have done more harm than good. I do not include in this remark Colonel McGuirk's regiment that has done service-but both he and his officers have long since been convinced that the regiment would be more effective if it were regularly in Confederate service, where they would be subject to the same courts-martial and the same rules and regulations in all respects as Confederate troops.

I am, sir, with sentiment of regard, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS,
Jackson, Miss., January 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded with the remark I consider it to the interest of our cause that definite instructions be given the State officers relative to conscripts, as there are many men in North Mississippi liable to conscription and claiming exemption as belonging to State organizations.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

SOUTHERN DIVISION, MISSISSIPPI CENTRAL RAILROAD,

Canton, January 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK, C. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: In addition to what I have written over my private signature, I have to state officially that this road is almost destitute of materials and tools for repairs and for operating the road. Nearly all we possessed was destroyed in August last by the Federal troops. We must have steel axes, shovels, files, &amp;c., or soon discontinue our trains. In fact, I may be compelled to stop our trains north of the Yalobusha River within a week for want of axes, or material to make them of, to cut fuel. We are equally in want of shovels to keep our track in running order. I cannot obtain them, or them, or have not been able to do so after many trials, within the Confederacy. I can procure from with the Federal lines if I can obtain means of payment. To procure these meant I must send out cotton or purchase Federal currency, giving $10 of our currency for $1 of theirs. By purchasing greenbacks I discredit and depreciate Confederate notes, and still I am compelled to obtain a supply of the articles referred to or discontinue the running of our trains very soon. It is for the authorities to determine if our road is useful and necessary to the Government.

