
ments and by failure of the Raleigh and Gaston road to run through to Petersburg, as suggested some time since to the chief of Railroad Bureau. That number of cars, thirty-five, in the time specified, would have moved nearly 14,000 bushels of corn, but because the convenience of the road is to a great extent consulted as in opposition to the urgent wants of the Government, we cannot anticipate that our condition will be in the slightest degree improved until summary, vigorous, and determined measures are enforced.

Major Sims informs me that the president of the Gaston road will commence running through trains from to-day until the block is removed. The demand on Major Allen's district from Major Cummings still continues heavy, interfering seriously with his ability to meet the wants of our army in Virginia. Under date of the 1st instant he writes as follows:

I shipped last week to Atlanta for General Johnson's command, 16,200 bushels meal, 1,300 bushels peas, 89,000 pounds bacon, sides, 260 barrels molasses, and a quantity of pickled beef. I am shipping daily to him eight or ten car-loads. Let me be relieved from this command, &amp;c., and I will supply Virginia abundantly.

The necessary instructions have been forwarded to Major Walker, chief commissary of Alabama, to render all the assistance possible to General Johnson's army, but the demands for transportation of coal and iron to Atlanta for the Navy Department seriously embarrasses operations; and as it seems impracticable to provide for the wants of both departments with such limited facilities, the wants of the most urgent and important should receive precedence, if not compel one to yield wholly to the other.

The suggestions of Major Smith relative to the employments of a part of the machinery and resources of the Navy Department for repairing and building rolling-stock, &c., are worthy of the earnest consideration of the proper authorities, for many locomotives, cars, &c., are now valueless because of the limited appliances at the command of railroad companies, and if even a portion be so employed, he is confident very great additions can be made to roads now greatly deficient in material, &c. As our existence as a nation is dependent upon the efficiency and preservation of the Army, I may be pardoned for expressing the opinion that every other branch of the public defense should be subservient to that upon which we can alone rely. For several months past I have repeatedly called your attention to the difficulties under which we labored in the collection of subsistence, owing to the defective management and limited resources of taken by the proper authorities as would be calculated to assist us in collecting requisite supplies for the troops in this State, but no relief has been afforded except through the special agents of this department, and then only of a temporary character, for as soon as they disappeared form the important shipping points the same difficulties would arise, and subsistence stores for days and weeks would be permitted to remain at stations and depots until railroad agents and others were favorable to their removal. Unless the most stringent regulations are adopted for the management of transportation, and the interests of the Government receive full and constant protection from the abuses practiced by those in charge, it would be idle to expect any improvement in our condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

