
already drawn for, but including what we some time ago requested to be furnished Mr. W. G. Crenshaw in Liverpool.

The intimation of a deferred payment in sterling has repelled our largest contractor, who only awaits your and Mr. Trenholm's action to continue or cancel his orders, and others if they have not preceded will certainly follow him, whilst I am assured by Major French, whom I deem every way competent to the conclusion, that if he had the funds and could give his assurance that the money would be ready, he could import all bacon necessary to meet our wants.

I regret to find the credit of the Government so low, but I deal with facts, and knowing that the offer of sterling at an uncertain future period will prevent our getting meat from abroad at once, without which the Army must suffer, I respectfully ask that cotton which the Government can give shall in lieu of sterling which it cannot give.

I know the policy has been to pay no cotton for goods, and I have felt it due to that branch of the Government with which I am connected to remontrate against the policy as extremely injurious. But I do not now propose to argue against what has been decided, nor am I attempting to drive the Government from its position under the stress of peculiar circumstances. I am seeking only to provide for the present and near future.

But it may be well to state a fact as tending to abate the delusion that the present system can compel subsistence and as tending to clear the obstruction which this idea may offer to this application. A report lately made by Colonel Bayne shows that about 7,000,000 pounds of meat have been brought in. Now, first, this is only about one-twelfth part of what we consume; second, a very small proportion of what is reported has come in under the regulations.

I have not seen the report, but I have a statement from Colonel Bayne of the importations for October and November. From that it appears that under the regulations only 345 barrels pork and 340 packages of fish were imported, whilst under the Crenshaw contract there were imported 1,013 packages of bacon, 314 barrels pork, 126 tierces beef, and 1,664 cases preserved meats and vegetables.

Under my and Major French's agreement with Power, Low &amp; Co. were received 340 boxes soap, 1,054 barrels pork and beef, 117 packages of bacon, and 147 packages, coffee, which includes Wild Rover's cargo, consisting 150 barrels pork and 117 boxes bacon (whether on freight from our own accumulation at Nassau or on ship's account is not definitely stated, but presumed to be the latter), and under the old contract with Power, Low & Co. were received 98 boxes bacon and 228 barrels pork.

If the Atlanta had not been taken by the Government the disproportion would have been still greater against the regulations by the amount of her additional cargoes, and possibly from the ability derived from return cargoes to build more vessels under the contract which included her. This application finds an equity outside of its importance in the fact that this Bureau has never been supplied with its allotment of sterling, whilst others in no greater need have overdrawn both their allotment and the general account. But it finds increased importance in the fact disclosed in the accompanying letter, written by General Lee's order to the commanding general, that desertions are taking place in his army from short bread rations. How much they will increase from want of meat, partial or absolute, you can

