
Major Walker, in Bermuda, and Mr. Heylinger, at Nassau, have also been furnished with 10,000 pounds each the purchase of supplies - in all, 140,000 pounds, capable of purchasing four times as much meat as the same sum could pay for at contract prices.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 7, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

This is sent to you for your information in relation to a matter which has now only the interest which attaches to a just understanding of the past.

J. D.

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF MISSISSIPPI,
Enterprise, December 5, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: On receipt of yours of the 12th ultimo I immediately addressed Governor Clark on the subject of his accepting the men of the reserve classes and the military age in the State organization of six-months' volunteers and the militia, at the same time supplying him with a copy of your letter of instruction to me. He telegraphed me to meet him at Meridian. The day following I had an interview with him in the presence of Major-General Gardner, and at his headquarters, Jackson, Miss. His Excellency stated his case very elaborately. I replied. I dissented from his views, both in regard to his rights and the expediency, but for obvious reasons waived a discussion. he then proposed to make a case and test the question under writ of habeas corpus. I told him my orders were positive and I doubted my authority to wait the issue. The Governor promptly replied, "Then you must use force. " General Gardner remarked that, without advancing an opinion in regard to the merits of the case, he would say that it would be unfortunate at this time to have a collision, as the men of every class were going to the front, and it would be better to let the matter stand until this emergency was passed. I said I would necessarily be compelled to stay proceedings, as all the reserve forces were turned over to the commander in the field, and beyond my control.

At a subsequent interview in the attorney-general's office the Governor remarked in Judge Handy (the chief justice of the supreme court of Mississippi) decided adversely to him he would turn over the men to me at once, but reserving the right to take the case up to the supreme court of the State. I consented then to make a case and at once communicated with the Hon. W. P. Harris on the subject, and authorized him to make the proper arrangements to try the case. I also instructed the enrolling officer at Jackson to put himself under the directions of Judge Harris and make such arrests as he would direct. Since returning to this place I am in receipt of a communication from Judge Harris, a copy of which I forward to you herewith, which will put you in possession of all the facts in the case and the grounds on which the Governor bases his claims.

Although the Governor's action in this matter has almost entirely frustrated my exertions to get the men into the field, yet I believe he was actuated by patriotic motives and an overweening solicitude for

