
the defense of the State (which has greatly suffered), and not from a factious spirit of opposition.

It will probably be the 1st of January before anything can be done toward getting these men, unless the judge decides adversely to the Governor, when they will be placed at once in the service. In the meantime I would be greatly relieved by having your instructions in case the judge sustains the Governor in his position. I will keep you advised of the progress of this case.

I have the honor to be, with great regard, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 22, 1864.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Will you prepare an appropriate answer, approving, as I suppose will be best, the temporary delay and the trial of the question, but not conceding the legal claims in any event?*

J. A. S.

[Inclosure.]

JACKSON, December 3, 1864.

Brigadier Gen. W. L. BRANDON,

Commanding:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication through Doctor Buck. Very soon after this communication was delivered to me I chanced to meet Governor Clark on the street, and he at once pressed me to confer with him touching the subject of it. The Governor's object seemed to be to convince me that he was actuated in his purpose to resist the claim of the War Department to conscribe persons enlisted in the military service of the State by a sincere conviction of his duty as the Executive of the State, and not be any feeling of jealousy or spirit of obstinacy. He took the occasion to explain his attitude by giving the history of the State organization. From his statements, and from what I know of the subject, the facts are as follows: The Legislature of the State passed an act authorizing the Governor to raise troops for State defense by commissioning persons to raise volunteer companies, regiments, &amp;c., for active service. (Act December 9, 1863.) Under this act the Governor has raised sixteen companies of volunteers-some for the war, some for twelve months, and others for six months. The composition of these companies embraces men of every class and liable under all the acts of conscription of the Confederate States, but chiefly persons belonging to the class of reserves, and enlisted subsequent to the act of February, 1864. It is asserted by the Governor that although he has thus enlisted persons liable to be enrolled in the service of the Confederate States, they were not actually enrolled-"brought under the authority of the Confederate States" (to use his language)-at the time of their enlistment in the State service. On this state of the facts the Governor contends that the State, having reserved power to raise troops in time of war, was at liberty to appropriate any class of her citizens not actually brought under the control of the Confederate States be enrollment in the service. The Governor was unable to furnish to me the correspondence with the Secretary of War, as that correspondence consisted

---------------

*See Seddon and Brandon, December 25, p. 965.

---------------

