
in brief telegram and verbal communications, through the Hon. Mr. Watson, of the C. S. Senate, but I am assured, however, by the letter of instructions of the Secretary to which you refer me, and other instructions from that quarter, that the Secretary of War has determined to deny practically the claim of the Governor to retain persons in the State service who are liable to conscription.

I make this statement of the facts in order that you may see whether I am sufficiently informed of the points in controversy.

If there are other features of the case not indicated here and deemed by you to be necessary to enable me to act under your letter, I should be glad to be informed by letter or otherwise.

The Governor informs me distinctly that he would resist the attempt to place the State troops in the Confederate service under the conscript act, and would employ force. While I am persuaded that the Secretary will exhaust every fair expedient to avoid a collision, I refrain from giving any advice on that point. The proposition of Governor Clark to allow proceedings under the late order of the War Department to be stayed until his claim shall be tested by a judicial decision, as it does not seek to bind you by such decision and offers a means of avoiding a collision, should be accepted under the circumstances in which you are placed at present. At the same time I think it would be well to take the earliest opportunity to inform the Secretary of War of the reasons for the temporary forbearance to put his order into execution.

I take the occasion to say that I think the claim of the Governor is without foundation. The act of the Legislature was never designed to interfere with the ground covered by the acts of Congress, and is indeed but part of the militia system of the State. But the position of the War Department has been deliberately taken, and it is of no importance that my opinion accords with that of Mr. Seddon.

I will remain here until Wednesday morning and you can inform me by telegraph whether I can proceed as heretofore directed or come to you for further information.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. P. HARRIS.

Act of the General Assembly of South Carolina.

AN ACT to alter and amend the militia laws of this State.

I. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this act all free male white persons within this State between the ages of sixteen and fifty, not exempt from active service without the limits of the district in which they reside by the militia laws of this State, shall be liable to active military duty without the limits of this State at the call of His Excellency the Governor.

* * * * *

III. that all free male white persons within the State between the ages of sixteen and sixty, not embraced in the active militia, shall be liable to military duty in cases of alarm, invasion, insurrection, or as the posse comitatus, anywhere within the limits of the State.

* * * * *

Passed December 6, 1864.

