
CONFEDERATE STATES DEPOSITORY,

Wilmington, N. C., December 6, 1864.

E. MURRAY, Esq.,

Willmington, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of this date stating that a rumor exists that the Advance when captured had on freight a large amount of specie, and asking if I can give any light on the subject, is to hand. In reply I beg to state that I do not know that the Advance had any specie or freight when she was captured. I did not ship any on her that trip.

Very respectfully,

HENRY SAVAGE,

Depositary Confederate States.

AN ACT in relation to the public defense.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Florida in General Assembly convened, That whenever a demand shall be made by the Confederate States Government for slaves to labor on the public works in this State, and such demand be in conformity with the laws of the Confederate States and with the constitution and laws of the State of Florida, the Governor of this State shall order an impressment pro rata, which shall be strictly uniform and equitable of the free negroes and slaves of this State.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That such impressment shall be made on the orders of the Governor, by the sheriff of the several counties. Any sheriff failing to obey said order shall be punished, on conviction, by fine and imprisonment at the discretion of the court, and the Governor shall, on failure of any sheriff to obey said order, direct the duty to be performed by the coroner, or such other civil officer of the county as he may select, who shall be subject to the like penalties in case of failure.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That no demand as [or] impressment of slaves or free negroes in the State shall be made except in conformity with the provisions of this law, and if any shall be made in violation thereof, it is hereby declared unlawful and void.

Approved December 7, 1864.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 7, 1864.

GENTLEMEN OF THE STATE AND HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

I am gratified that you have again met in General Assembly to take into consideration the condition of our afflicted Commonwealth. At the period of your last adjournment our enemy was engaged in vast preparations for the capture and occupation of this proud city. Having completed his preparations by the organization of one of the most formidable armies ever assembled on this continent, he, about the 1st of May last, commenced his march. He relied with confidence upon his vast numbers and thorough equipment for an early consummation of his long-deferred hopes. Led by the greatest of his captains, flushed with numerous successes, it was entirely natural that he should fearlessly look to the future, while we should contemplate it with uneasiness and apprehension. He had, however, scarcely crossed

