
the Rapidan before our noble army, led by that great and good man, General R. E. Lee, breaking up their camp, dashed upon his haughty columns, and, after one of the bloodiest and best-contested battles of the war, taught the enemy to respect the army he had affected to despise, and to know that his march to Richmond would be attended with difficulties and dangers he had not anticipated. I shall not undertake to detail the series of bloody battles which were fought on the road to Richmond, nor tell how the enemy, although continually strengthened by heavy re-enforcements, was compelled to leave the city to his right, until finally he crossed the James and undertook by a coup de main to carry the city of Petersburg; nor how, after nearly a seven months' campaign of unexampled slaughter of his men, he still finds himself with hope deferred, and but little prospect of realizing expectations so confidently entertained for the last three years. Suffice it to say that you, gentlemen, are here in safety; here in calm deliberation; here to digest those measures which are still required by the dangers we have yet to meet.

It is right, however, that I should warn you that the enemy is diligently engaged in strengthening his army and in recovering from the exhaustion caused by his repeated defeats. It is difficult, really, to comprehend our foe. The right of self-government was established by the blood of our Revolutionary fathers, was proclaimed in the Declaration of Independence, and is ingrafted in the constitutions of all the States; and yet the United States, with reckless extravagance in men and money, unparalleled in the world's history, is denying this right, and seeking to overthrow and subjugate the people who proclaim it, and who only ask to be let alone-who, for simply asserting and maintaining this principle, are pursued with a venom, malignity, and hate unknown in civilized war.

With everything dear to man at stake, I cannot suppose that there will be any hesitation on your part to embody the whole resources of the State, in men and means, in order to enable us successfully to avert the awful doom our enemy has in store for us. One of your first duties, gentlemen, will be to take into consideration the measures to bring into the field all able-bodied men who are not necessary to the State government. It is utterly impossible for me to understand the logic which exempts State officers who are not necessary for the State government; and yet it is the fact that the judges are undertaking to turn loose from the grasp of military authority men without any duty to perform, upon the ground that they are officers provided by the constitution and the laws. There are some forty or fifty counties of Virginia within the enemy's lines, most of them under a regular government of the enemy. The State officers therein have been, where loyal, of course, expelled from office and are refugees. Most of them have acquired new homes and formed new social and business relations, and may not return to their counties until this war shall terminate. Many will never return even with peace, and it may be a question, if they should do so, whether they would have a right to resume their offices. Under the laws and the constitution the counties will average about sixty officers, furnishing within the enemy's lines a number equal to about 2,000, constituting a force sufficient, it may be, to turn the tide of a great battle. Yet, according to the decisions of some of the judges, these officers would be exempt from military duty, although without civil duties to perform, and with a great probability that they will have none during the continuance of the war.

