
The court of appeals in the case of Burroughs vs. Peyton, &amp;c., has well said:

The obligation of the citizen to render military service is a paramount social and political duty. It is a matter in which the whole body politic is interested. "The citizens have a right, collectively and individually, to the service of each other to avert any danger which may be menaced. The manner in which the service is to be apportioned among them is a matter for legislation. " The Government, as the agent and trustee of the people, is charged with the whole military strengt in order that it may be employed s o as to insure the safety of all. The power which it has to enforce the performance of the obligation to render military service is given that it may be used, not abdicated. No right has been conferred on the Government to divest inself, by contract or otherwise, of the power of employing whenever, and as the exigencies of the country may demand, t eh whole military strength that has been placed at its disposal. As the nature and extent of those exigencies cannot be foreseen, and it is impossible to say in advance that the services of every citizen capable of bearing arms may not become indispensable for the defense of the country, the Government has no right to enter into any contract precluding it from requiring those services, if they should be needed. If there be such right, the spectacle might be presented of a nation subjugated and destroyed at a time when it had within its limits citizens amply sufficient to defend it successfully against all the assaults of its enemies, but whose services could not be commanded because, forsooth, the Government had contracted with them that they should not be required to serve in the Army.

Again:

The power if coercing the citizen to render military service for such time and under such circumstances as the Government may think fit is a transcendent power; but so far from being inconsistent with liberty, is essential to its preservation. A nation cannot foresee the extent of the dangers to which it may be exposed. It must, therefore, grant to its government a power equal to every possible emergency; and this can only be done by giving to it the control of its whole military strength. The danger that the power may be abused cannot render it proper to withhold it, for it is necessary to the national life.

It would seem to me that the doctrine of these extracts covers the whole question; but should there be a doubt remaining, the following extract from the same able opinion, repeating a well-established rule of law, must dispel it:

The well-established rule of construction is, that all grants of privileges and exemptions from general burdens are to be construed liberally in favor of the public, and strictly as against the grantee. Whatever is not plainly expressed and unequivocally granted is taken to be withheld.

Taken in this view, how can there he a question? The officers referred to are local officers; their duties are local; they forfeit their offices if they leave their counties. The justices of the peace are compelled to reside in the districts from which they are elected, and yet these officers are refugees; that is, resident out of their counties. In undertaking to protect them against the forfeiture provided by law the courts have to assume that they are excused from the residence required in consequence of the compulsion of the enemy. Is not this inference judicial legislation? At any rate, no act of Assembly authorizes such an inference; and is it to be supposed that the law would not have provided for such a case had the Legislature deemed it proper to do so? At least, can it be said that there is no doubt upon the subject; and if a doubt, that it should not, in the language of an extract already quoted, be construed liberally in favor of the public? How can the State be injured by the view for which I contend? How it may be prejudiced by the converse of the proposition all can see. But to exempt this large class of officers, or any portion of them, when they have no service to perform, is, it seems to me, plainly

