
unconstitutional. The fourth article of the bill of rights reads as follows:

That no man or set of men are entitled to exclusive or separate emoluments or privileges from the community but in consideration of public services.

Will not these officers, without civil duties to perform, enjoy personal privileges? Surely it may legitimately be argued that, so far from being exempted, they are under a special obligation, in addition to the general one attaching to every citizen, to fight for the recovery of their counties. They have been ousted of their offices, have consequently suffered a personal injury, and will realize a special advantage in ten recovery of the counties from which they have been expelled. I know it is contended that these officers are entitled to exemption under the decision of the court in the case from which I have so freely quoted, and the following extract is relied upon in support of the position:

It is absurd to suppose that the Government of the Confederate States can rightfully destroy the government of the States which created it; and all the powers conferred on it must be understood to have been given with the limitation that in executing them nothing shall be done to interfere with the independent exercise of its sovereign powers by each State. Congress can have no right, therefore, to deprive a State of any officer necessary to the action of its government, and the State itself is the sole judge as to the officers that are necessary for that purpose.

I entirely concur with the doctrine here expressed; but can it be said that the officers of a locality within the enemy's lines, and under the regular supervision of the agents of a foreign Government, are necessary to the action of the government of the State? And under this doctrine can any officer of a county within our own jurisdiction be entitled to exemption unless he be necessary? It is said, however, that all the officers named in the constitution and provided ronounced necessary by the very highest authority, and can under no circumstances be questioned, and whether employed or not cannot be required to perform any other duties than those for which they were elected. Surely this will strike the reflecting mind with surprise. The constitution intended to provide a frame of government for those on whom it was to operate. It was necessarily experimental. The offices authorized were doubtless presumed to be necessary; but if found to be otherwise, why should those appointed to fill them be relived from the performance of other duties required by the wants of the community? Indeed, I lay it down as a broad proposition that no person occupying office is exempt from the other duties of a citizen, except on the score of incompatibility. I ask with confidence, why should a citizen by excused from other obligations when they do not interfere with the performance of those to which he is specially elected? If a man can perform more than one duty, why should he not do it? I would like to hear a good and sufficient reason in answer to this interrogatory. It would be a great reflection upon those who framed the constitution to suppose that they intended any such conclusion, and in the absence of all provisions to that effect it cannot be presumed. Nowhere in the constitution is provision made in terms for exemption. It is inferential merely, and then only upon the ground of incompatibility of service. The same remarks will apply to the Legislature. The doctrine contended for may lead to the most fatal results. If all the officers designated in the constitution and in the laws made in pursuance thereof are to be exempted because they are State officers; if all the justices of the peace who, by the

