
bye, were never exempted until the 1st of October, 1862, having from the Revolution to that period been required to perform military duty; if all sheriffs and clerks and their deputies; all commissioners of the reveyors and Commonwealth's attorneys; all constables and overseers of the poor; all county agents for supplying soldiers' families; all salt agents, commercial agents, &amp;c. ; all employes of banks, cities, towns, &c., are to be exempt indiscriminately, and without reference to their necessity, then, indeed, in the language of the decision so frequently quoted, "the spectacle might be presented of a nation subjugated and destroyed at a time when it had within its limits citizens amply sufficient to defend it against all the assaults of its enemies, but whose services could not be commanded, because, forsooth, the Government had contracted with them that they should not be required to serve in the army. " So far in this State the number of exempts in comparatively small, but in other States we are told it is widely different. At this time a powerful army of the enemy is sweeping over the State of Georgia, in which, under the doctrine contended for, there is now an army of exempts-exempts because officers and employes of the State government.

At this time the pressure of the service inspires a very common desire to escape from it; and the remedy by habeas corpus, designed for extraordinary acts of official tyranny or individual acts of oppression, is daily resorted to, to extricate the citizen from the holy duty of defending the country. Lawyers of every degree hie to the feast thus spread before them, and judges in chambers and in court feel constrained to apply the principles of the writ to those but little better than moral deserters from the standard of their country, and at a time, too, when she is struggling in a death grapple with her gigantic foe. But do the judges [agree] among themselves in a uniform application of the same principles? In North Carolina exemption assumes the broadest form, while in Alabama a much narrower rule is adopted; and even in Virginia some differences exist. But all, I believe, concur that the judges have the right to pronounce who are exempted from military duty by reason of their office, notwithstanding the Legislature and the Executive may entertain a different opinion. It does not matter what the Legislature may declare by law; it does not matter who the Executive may deem necessary to enable him to see the laws faithfully executed, the court understands better than their coequal and co-ordinate departments what is necessary to preserve the State governments. Against this I enter my firm yet respectful protest.

The second article of the constitution reads as follows:

The legislative, executive, and judiciary departments shall be separate and distinct, so that neither exercise the powers properly belonging to either of the others; nor shall any person exercise the powers of more than one of them at the same time, except that justices of the peace shall be eligible to either House of Assembly.

The Massachusetts constitution still more emphatically declares that "in the government of this Commonwealth the legislative department shall never exercise the executive and judicial powers, or either of them; the executive shall never exercise the legislative or judicial powers, or either of them; the judicial shall never exercise the executive and legislative powers, or either of them; to the end that it may be a government of laws, and not of men. " Of course, all intermixture of these departments, except as provided in the constitution, must be in violation thereof. These departments are

