
[First indorsement.]

RICHMOND, February 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

From the beginning of the war I have steadily aimed at keeping up railroads to their utmost capacity; have made frequent attempts to have this most vital subject placed on a footing of improvement. In the summer of 1862 I proposed a man whose plan and capacity promised success. From the winter of 1862 I urged that vital necessity required that all other demands for transportation should be stopped until supplies were accumulated. From last summer to this period similar efforts have been made. Since Major French has been on duty in this Bureau his attention has been necessarily directed to this matter, which he has now ably presented. I earnestly commend his letter to your attention.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 9, 186.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL (Major SIMS):

Let me see you after examination and consideration of this paper.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 10, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Quartermaster-General, and his attention called to inclosed report.

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

[Fifth indorsement.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, February 24, 1864.

These papers are respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War.

I cannot too earnestly call attention to the views and suggestions presented by Lieutenant-Colonel Sims. * Any agreement drawn from the condition of railroad transportation twelve months since must be fallacious, as the demands of the Government upon the railways have more than doubled in that time. Then corn was not transported from Georgia to forage the horses of General Lee's army. Then the commissary Department did not call for corn to feed the troops of the same army, but wheat was relied on solely for that purpose. Then the same department did not attempt to transport meat from points far south to Virginia. Now the roads are expected to respond

---------------

*Follows as an inclosure.

---------------

