
co-ordinate, and each is supreme and independent of the others with their respective spheres. This is the theory of the constitution at least; and it is the universal sentiment of the American people that their complete separation is essential to public liberty. The Federalist has strongly said that "the accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judicial, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed, or elective, may be justly considered the very definition of tyranny. " Can it be, then, that the judiciary can properly prescribe its own bounds as well as those of its co-ordinate departments? Where is the authority for it? It cannot be found either in the constitution or the law-a fact conclusive against the jurisdiction assumed. I know the general sentiment is otherwise, and that it is insisted that the power is essential, and must therefore exist. This, I submit, is begging the question, and cannot be conceded. Were it so, then the independence and equality of the departments would no longer exist. The power in one to give law to the other demonstrates this too clearly to require argument.

While, however, it may be conceded that the judicial department, in the last resort, is the final expositor of the constitution as to all questions of a judicial nature, it is equally clear that it cannot assume jurisdiction of political questions. This doctrine was quite elaborately treated in ten case of Luther vs. Borden et al. (7 How. R.)

In the celebrated Dorr Case, out of which the one quoted sprung, this doctrine was treated, and it was declared that the court could not take jurisdiction of questions of political power. For instance, that it was the right of the political power to decide which was the rightful constitution of the State of Rhode Island, the charter or that knows as the Dorr constitution; that it was not a judicial question. So it was conceded that the President alone had the right to decide when such insurrection or rebellion existed in a State as required him to call out the militia; that it was not a judicial question. So in cases of contested elections before the Senate, they involved a question of political power to be decided by that body. So likewise in case of a treaty or the recognition of reign nations, they involved questions of political power over which the judiciary could not take jurisdiction. I respectfully submit that this important distinction should be taken by your judges. When the Legislature declares who shall be subject to military duty, it is an act of political power with which, it seems to me, the judiciary should not interfere; and when the Executive, to whom the special duty is assigned of seeing the laws faithfecides that a certain officer or employe is not necessary, it is an act of political power which should equally command the forbearance of the courts. It was objected in the case just quoted that in conceding to the President the decision as to which was the right-power which might be abused. The learned judge who pronounced the opinion of the court emphatically said in reply:

All power may be abused if placed in unworthy hands; but it would be difficult, we think, to point out any other hands in which this power would be more safe, and at the same time equally effectual. At all events, it is conferred upon him by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, and must therefore be respected and enforced in its judicial tribunals.

You, gentlemen, can apply this quotation; but I may be pardoned- as the several departments take the same oath of office, that of fidelity to the Constitution, and are all, in the view of the constitu-

