
not believe that the number authorized by law was necessary to the execution of the duties imposed upon them. I know perfectly well that three, instead of four, are amply sufficient for all the purposes of the State; and I aimed, as a general rule, to confine myself to that number. I recognized the right of all, however, to be commissioned; and deeming such to be my constitutional duty, commissioned those who had been duly elected by the people.

It is not a little curious that justices of the peace, at least from the first Revolution up to the present one, have never been regarded otherwise than subject to military service. They have been treated uniformly militia. They fought in the first Revolution; they fought in the year 1812; they mustered at cross-roads and other places of meeting, and the exempting favor of the Legislature never reached them until the 1st of October, 1862. It is strange that in the midst of a deadly struggle your predecessors should have deemed it proper for the first time to protect these gentlemen from military service, pronounced by the highest judicial authority of this State to be "a paramount social and political duty. " It is also strange that for the first time it should be treated as a judicial question, and that our judges should likewise concur in pronouncing them exempt from military service, and that, too, notwithstanding the same high authority to which I have just referred has pronounced military service "a matter in which the whole body politic is interested. "

But so it is, and yielding to the force of this combined opinion, I respectfully suggest for your consideration the passage of a law which will diminish the number of these officers, and restrict their selection to persons of an age usually beyond the period of military service. I propose the passage of a law diminishing the number of the districts in the several counties, and confining the election of magistrates to persons over forty-five years of age. there is no question of your power to enact such a law; there is no doubt of its giving great satisfaction to the people, and the discreditable efforts which were made in certain localities by hale and hearty young men to obtain their election as justices of the peace, thereby to secure their exemption from the honor of defending their country, would no longer reflect upon the patriotism of our people. But many of our best citizens are unwilling to yield any of our State officers or employes to the claims of the Confederate Government. They are entirely willing to see such persons embodied in a State force, to be called out an great emergencies, because under State authority they can be returned to their civil functions as soon as the emergency shall have passed. Apart from the great principle of the salus populi, they insist that it is entirely in the power of the Legislature to embody the State officers, &amp;c., as an auxiliary force, under the circumstances to which I have referred. In Georgia this principle is acted upon, and under it Governor Brown has been enabled to embody an army of considerable size, which has rendered and is rendering valuable service in the campaign in his great State. In Mississippi the same doctrine prevails with the like results, in which, indeed, the power is claimed, without question by the judiciary, to assign supernumerary State officers to the Confederate service. In an act passed by the General Assembly of that State of the 13th of August, 18764, the preamble thereto reads as follows:

Whereas, in the present situation of affairs it is not necessary to the proper administration of the State government that the officers members, and agents

