
hereinafter named, shall be held exempted from the military service of the Confederate States; and in the absence of such necessity the State is willing to waive her rights in the premisses to all officers, members, and agents not named in the constitutionary to the preservation of our form of Government.

This preamble fully recognizes the policy for which I have been arguing, and in giving up a part of her State officers the State impliedly asserts a right to do so with all, under the qualifications stated. Should it not be the pleasure, however, of the Legislature to adopt my views, I respectfully urge, in this dark hour of our fortunes, that the entire male population of our State may be embodied for the purpose of co-operating in our great struggle. The second-class militia, authorized under a special act, restricted in its operations to a few localities, has been on great advantage, and has rendered most efficient service. Perhaps no regular force in the Army has performed more arduous duty since the 6th of May than those portions of it, including the Nineteenth Virginia Militia, organized in the cities of Richmond and Petersburg. In consequence of the frequent and extensive raids of the enemy, often in small parties, and the great destruction and outrages perpetrated by them, it has become indispensable to organize our whole male population. Were such an organization made, even of the force now left at home, the country would be saved from the ravages which lay waste our fields, certainly to a large extent; and the enemy, who respects in no degree the laws of civilized war, sparing neither age nor sex, would be compelled to contract his lines of march, move in larger masses, and range over a much more limited amount of our territory. I most respectfully submit a bill for your consideration, designed to provide for this important object.

First. It proposes that the reserve force of the State should be organized by the Governor, and when completed to be reported to the Assembly for such change as it may see fit to make.

Second. That the Governor shall not move said force beyond the limits of the State.

Third. that no portion of such force shall be called out for a longer period than thirty days.

Fourth. When practicable, said force shall be assigned to duty in the several counties from which it may be drawn.

Fifth. The particular duties to which this force may be assigned are designated.

Sixth. That the county court and county officers shall aid in the enrollment.

Seventh. That the Governor shall provide for the proper discipline and order of said force.

Eighth. This bill being a war measure, it is proposed that it shall expire with the proclamation of peace, only suspending in the meantime the general militia law.

It will be observed that this bill asks for no appropriations, nor for commissaries or quartermasters. My plan is to make an arrangement with the Secretary of war to pay off such portion of the reserve force as may be called out, when its particular service is ended, by marching it to the post quartermaster of its county for that purpose, who would be instructed accordingly; and my purpose would be, when necessary, to appoint respectable old gentlemen quartermasters and commissaries for the particular occasion, and for them to settle up any accounts they may have created with the post quartermaster, and be likewise paid off, thus closing up the transaction without perplex-

58 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

