
ity or delay, and to entire satisfaction doubtless of both the Government and the people.

Many of the citizens of Virginia were in other States and countries at the beginning of the war. Not a few of them returned to join in her defense and to share her fate, and some have sealed with their blood their patriotic devotion to our beloved Commonwealth. A record should be made of such as an evidence of our high appreciation of their conduct and transmitted to posterity. but I regret to inform you that many who owe loyalty to our State are still absent unmindful of their duty in the terrible struggle in which we are engaged. Many have left since the beginning of the war, leaving their families and property behind them. It is doing no injustice to such recreant to assume that their purpose it to escape the demands of military service, and that they leave their families with us as the means of preserving their property. shall such unworthy and treasonable policy succeed? Shall such men, abandoning the holiest and noblest of duties, that of defending their country, escape without penalty, and their property be preserved and protected by our laws and arms until, under more propitious circumstances, they can return to it? I earnestly recommend the passage of a law authorizing the issue of a proclamation warning all citizens of Virginia now in foreign parts to return without delay to the State, failing in which, besides personal penalties, their property of every description should be confiscated and their families sent into the enemy's lines.

There are some persons whose fidelity to the State is much questioned, and who, if arrested, can rarely be convicted in consequence of the difficulty of having the testimony present when the day of trial arrives. They very generally escape from want of evidence, although there is the strongest moral assurance of their guilt. I hope that you will give the subject your attention and pass such a law asof things requires. In this connection I would respectfully call your attention tot he Code, PAGE118, in reference tot he arrest of suspicious persons. The sixth section should be enlarged so as to comprehend all foreigners, as well as citizens, with authority to remove such as may be thought fit beyond the limits of the State. There is great necessity for some such measure, and I hope it will engage your early attention.

Our free negroes are very disorderly, many of them doubtless disloyal. In the towns, and especially in the city of Richmond, they are guilty of many outrages upon persons and property, full proof of which it is difficult to procure. They sometimes are found co-operating with the enemy, and occasionally indulging in the utterance of treasonable sentiments and threats against our fellow-citizens. The laws are inadequate to their proper management, and will, I hope, be made to cover such cases.

when this war began it was confidently believed by our enemy that it would be of short duration. Relying upon his vast superiority in numbers and material of war, he expected to overrun us with facility and ease. But the result of a single year's operations corrected this expectation and impressed him with the conclusion that he had on hand a contest of great magnitude, full of danger and difficulty. Having soon exhausted his floating population, he openly recruited his armies on the continent of Europe. Not satisfied with this, he seized our slaves and, in violation of all civilized war, armed them against us. Under every disadvantage the war has been protracted

