
deep into its fourth year, and we find ourselves looking around for material to enlarge our armies. Whence is it to come? The laws of natural accretion will not furnish a sufficient supply of men. Foreign countries are in effect closed against us. Recruiting from the prisoners we capture will not, except to a limited extent, supply our wants, and the public attention naturally turns to our own slaves as a ready and abundant stock from which to draw. This policy, however, has given rise to great diversity of opinion. Some consider it as giving up the institution of slavery. Others declare that to put our slaves in the ranks will drive our fellow-citizens from them and diffuse dissatisfaction throughout the country. In reply, it is said that this policy will effectually silence the clamor of the poor man about this being the rich man's war; that there is no purpose to mingle the two races in the same ranks, and that there cannot be a reasonable objection to fighting the enemy's negroes with our own; that as to the abandonment of slavery, it is already proclaimed to be at an end by the enemy, and will undoubtedly be so if we are subjugated, and that by making it aid in our defense it will improve the chance of preserving it.

This is a grave and important question and full of difficulty. All agree in the propriety of using our slaves in the various menial employments of the Army, and as sappers and miners and pioneers, but much diversity of opinion exists as to the propriety of using them as soldiers now. All agree that when the question becomes one of liberty and independence on the one hand of subjugation on the other, that every means within our reach should be used to aid in our struggle and to baffle and thwart our enemy. I say every man will agree to this; no man would hesitate. Even if the result were to emancipate our slaves, there is not a man that would not cheerfully put the negro into the Army rather than become a slave himself to our hated and vindictive foe. It is, then, simply a question of time. Has the time arrived when this issue is fairly before us? Is it indeed liberty and independence or subjugation which is presented to us? A man must be blind to current events, to the gigantic proportions of this war, to the proclamations of the enemy, who does not see that the issue above referred to is presented now. And, I repeat, the only question is, Has the time arrived? Are we able beyond a question to wage successful war against a power three times our own in numbers, with all Europe from which to recruit, and who unhesitatingly put arms in the hands of our own negroes for our destruction? I will not say that unce of god we may not be able to triumph, but I do say that we should not from any mawkish sensibility refuse any means with our reach which will tend to enable us to work out or deliverance. For my part, standing before God and my country, I do not hesitate to say that I would arms such portion of our able-bodied slave population as may be necessary, and put them in the field, so as to have them ready for the spring campaign, even if it resulted in the freedom of those thus organized. Will I not employ them to fight the negro force of the enemy? aye, the Yankees themselves, who already boast that they have 200,000 of our slaves in arms against us. Can we hesitate, can we doubt, when the question is, whether our enemy shall use our slaves against us or we use them against him; when the question may be between liberty and independence on the one hand, or our subjugation and utter ruin on the other?

