
In the meeting of the Governors the following resolutions upon this subject were unanimously adopted:

And whereas, the public enemy, having proclaimed the freedom of our slaves, are forcing into their armies the able-bodied portion thereof, the more effectually to wage their cruel and bloody war against us: Therefore be it

Resolved, That it is the true policy and obvious duty of all slave-owners timely to remove their slaves from the line of the enemy's approach, and especially those able to bear arms, and when they shall fail to do so that it should be made the duty of the proper authorities to enforce the performance of this duty, and to give to such owners all necessary assistance as far as practicable.

Resolved, That the course of the enemy in appropriating our slave who happen to fall into their hands to purposes of war seems to justify a change of policy on our part, and whilst owners of slaves under the circumstances should freely yield them to their country, we recommended to our authorities, under proper regulations, to appropriate such part of to the public service as may be required.

The object of these resolutions, as understood by me, was to call public attention to the consideration of the policy of bringing our slaves into this war. It seems that a charge of policy on our part was contemplated; and we determined, in reference to our slaves, to recommend to our authorities, under proper regulations, to appropriate such part of them to the public service as may be required. I am aware that a clamor has been raised against the policy of putting the negroes into the Army by good and loyal men, because, they say, "the end is not yet; " that our Army of citizen soldiers is still competent to make good our defense. No one would advocate the policy of thus appropriating our slaves except as a matter of urgent necessity; but as public opinion is widely divided on this subject, does not common prudence require us to fear that those opposed to this extreme measure may be mistaken? Suppose it should so turn out, how deep would be their responsibility to the country, to freedom and independence everywhere! I know it is the opinion of some of the highest military authorities that the time has come when we should call our slaves to our assistance; and I hold it to be clearly the duty of every citizen, however much he may doubt the wisdom and necessity of the policy, to co-operate in strengthening by every means our armies. I repeat, I know this policy is looked to with anxiety be some of the ablest military men of the age, who believe that it is of the last importance that it should be adopted without delay. I therefore earnestly recommend to the Legislature that they should give this subject early consideration, and enact such measures as their wisdom may approved.

As an additional auxiliary to the successful prosecution of the war I deem it of the gravest consequence that our currency should be improved. I am entirely satisfied that it may be effected. with the great staples at our command as the basis of such purchases abroad as are necessary to our defense, with a judicious system of taxation and public credit, the blunders of the past may be speedily reformed and the public confidence assuredly revived. I bring this subject to your consideration, as you may promote the policy of improving the currency by lending the aid of co-operative legislation to that of the Confederate Government.

There is a measure now pending before Congress proposing to reduce the currency by the issue of tithe certificates, in effect pledging the tithes in cotton, wheat, and corn to the redemption of such certificates, and continuing the tax in kind after the war shall terminate, until they shall be fully paid off and discharged. The security must nec-

