
essarily be ample, and all person not needing the currency for immediate use will find such investment a most judicious one.

The legislation I would suggest is in aid of that policy, and I submit the following plan for your consideration: Let the State go into the market and purchase up the currency at its market value for gold-say twenty in currency for one in gold. The effect of this would be to reduce the price of gold at once to that standard as a maximum which would necessarily involve a reduction in the prices of all commodities, thereby securing a general benefit to every individual in the community. The question will naturally be asked, how is the gold to be obtained? The reply is easy. It is known that our state banks have a large amount of specie on hand entirely unproductive, not even contributing to sustain their credit, and a source of constant anxiety to the officers in charge of them. In this state of things the banks, I have no doubt, would cheerfully surrender their specie to the State, upon her obligation to return it at the end of the war and the assignment of the tax-in-kind certificates of the Confederate Government issued to the State from time to time for the currency which she might acquire. The faith of the State with this collateral security would, I am persuaded, be entirely acceptable to the banks under the circumstances which imperil us. Should be triumph in our present struggle, which I doubt not, the security would be ample; and should we fail, of course the security would be valueless, and all would be lost, except in the diffusive benefit to the people from the circulation of the coin now excluded from all useful purposes.

It is no objection that this measure may not be adopted by the other States. Its wisdom is so obvious that it is hardly to be presumed that they will refuse to co-operate. But happily, it is a measure that must be highly beneficial to the State which engages in it, even if alone, while it would tend to aid the important effort to reduce and improve the currency. I will not dwell upon this subject, but believing it a measure of great importance, well calculated to aid in the public defense, as well as beneficial to the State and people thereof, I ask for it your careful consideration.

Allow me, gentlemen, particularly to commend to your favorable consideration the absolute necessity of regulating prices. I know this policy is destined to meet a stout resistance; but fully impressed with its great importance, under existing circumstances, I may be pardoned, I hope, for pressing it upon your attention. I felt myself at liberty shortly after your adjournment, in consequence of the failure of the bill making an appropriation to engage int he acquisition of supplies, for want of a constitutional, not a numerical, majority, under the crying necessities and sufferings of the people for bread, &amp;c., to use such portion of the contingent funds under my control as would partially relieve their wants. With this fund, and means otherwise acquired, I engaged in this business and am gratified to believe that I contributed a considerable amount of relief to the destitute families of soldiers and other suffering poor. Among the articles purchased was about 300,000 pounds of rice. At the time I got it to this market the retail price of the grocers was $2. 50 per pound. This price, extortionate in a high degree, was the practical result of untrammeled competition under the laws of trade. By my purchase I was enabled to put it upon the market, under certain restrictions as to the quantity to be purchased, at 50 cent per pound, which covered the cost and all expenses, including a small advance to provide against accidental losses. This involves the principle of

