
the maximum. The same result occurred in the corn I bought and distributed. I sold one large lot at $15 a bushel, even sending a considerable quantity to the county of Tazewell. I mention these facts as practical illustrations of the value of the measure I urge upon your consideration.

Having, however, discussed this question in my inaugural message, I content myself by making an extract therefrom, with the single remark, that if it be the pleasure of the Legislature to appropriate the requisite sums, I can no doubt place supplies here which will greatly reduce the present market value and protect our suffering State from the danger of absolute starvation:

While, however, the people of the State have acquiesced in the prices fixed by the public commissioners, others have been unwilling to accept them, in consequence of higher prices being offered by speculators and others. This very naturally produces discontent on the part of the more liberal and patriotic portion of the people, while others resort to harding, hiding, and other disreputable shifts and evasions, to avoid their contribution to the support of our own gallant Army. This state of things is very demoralizing, and may, I think, be easily corrected by the establishment of a State maximum, which, taking the Confederate maximum as a basis, shall be extended to all the productions of human industry. I know that this proposition has always met with the most determined opposition, and yet it has always prevailed in times of public trouble. I know it is said that France tired, and France gave up this policy. And yet she first tried it upon corn; then enlarged it, but never made it general; adhered to it through all the dark hours of her revolution, when she was rent by intestine dissensions and dark hours of her revolution, when she was rent by intestine dissensions and engaged in war with the whole of Europe, and never abandoned it until she had resumed a specie currency, composed her intestrought continental Europe to her feet. What occasion had France to adhere to this policy when she fed her armies from the stores of other nations and replenished her treasury by contributions upon them?

But it is the duty of wisdom to comprehend the force of circumstances. What is our situation? We are cut off from the world by our enemies, insulated as completely as if we were on an island in mid-ocean, and no productions from abroad like those raised by us are allowed to come in competition with our own. Can it be contended with any propriety that there can be, in such a state of things, a market price for commodities in the sense of the economists? Again, the supply of our own productions is inadequate for a liberal consumption. Bread, meat, shoes, cotton, and woolen cloths are painful illustrations of this stern fact; and, I ask, where is the competition to be found which is to put these articles within easy reach of the naked and the hungry. It is sometimes said that it is the currency which causes this great exaggeration of prices. To some extent this may be so; but where the supply of actual necessaries is deficient, extent this may be so; but where the supply of actual necessaries is deficient, and the price of them is fixed by the conscience of the seller alone, the currency is of but little significance. The hungry must be fed, and the seller knows it; and the price must be paid in whatever currency required.

Nor is the maximum unknown in daily life. It was the law that the person who took out a license as a tavern keeper should keep proper accommodations for the traveler, and then should not charge him for meals at pleasure, but only the rates fixed by the county courts. So in the case of bridges and ferries, where the prices are fixed by law. But there is a very remarkable case of maximum which seems to have escaped general observation-I mean interest upon money. No lender shall take more than $6 for the loan of $100 for one year. Should the lender bargain for more the contract is void. If he takes more he forfeits double the sum loaned. Here is a maximum of great antiquity on money, the token or representative of all property; and yet it is not proper to set a maximum on the property so represented.

That the law of maximum will be difficult to enforce, I readily admit. So is the whole criminal code. So is the law which forbids the loan of money at more than legal interest. so is that bright, hopeful, and glorious plan of salvation for which a Savior died. but shall we for such reasons abandon our efforts to reform, benefit, and save mankind?

But the maximum would have other important advantages. It would put an end to discontent among the people; it would extinguish the practice of hoarding and hiding. Without any hope of increasing prices producers would cheerfully furnish to consumers their surplus. Uniformity of price and the application of

