
the maximum to all things would, I am persuaded, inspire general satisfaction, and relieve the necessary duty of collecting supplies for the Army of that irritation which has heretofore, in many cases, made the duty most unpleasant, and restore those kind and agreeable relations which should always exist between the people and their Government. Surely, when such must be the happy consequence of this measure, the State will speedily adopt it.

The acting entitled "An act to provide for the purchase and distribution among the people of the State of cotton, cotton yarns, cotton cloths, and hand cards," passed March 9, 1864, was put in operation shortly after your adjournment by the appointment of S. Bassett French, esq., as commercial agent. It was somewhat delayed by the difficulty of obtaining a suitable agent, not a single application for the agency having been made, in consequence, chiefly, of the large amount for which red, and I was compelled to press it upon Colonel French, then acting as my aide. The agency, although very much embarrassed for the want of transportation, and restricted in the extent of its operations, has been a source of very great relief to the people. Its operations, limited as they have been, have had a decided effect upon the markets of the articles in which it dealt. It has saved thousands of dollars to the people and greatly improved their comforts. The report of the agency, which will soon be laid before you, will be a powerful argument in favor of a maximum, inasmuch as they have to a very large extent prevented the shameless extortion practiced upon our fellow-citizens in the enumerated articles, clearly demonstrating its necessity, or the appropriation of large sums for the purchase and sale by the State at cost of all the leading articles of consumption.

I have already mentioned that I had engaged in some operations designed to relieve the distress of our fellow-citizens, and I will now add, have also supplied to some extent the penitentiary and State guard. I also, with a view to aid in furnishing materials to the workshops of the penitentiary, shipped several small lots of cotton abroad, and imported in return leather, steel, and a variety of other articles intended for the purposes stated and the other uses of the State. I have also ordered cloth for the State guard, which for want of proper clothing presents a very discreditable appearance. The result so far of these operations is highly satisfactory. The difficulty in this business is in obtaining transportation on the railroads, their whole capacity being generally engrossed by the Confederate Government. With a train the exclusive property of the State and a moderate appropriation I could put supplies of bread and meat here which would greatly relieve the distresses and wants of our people. With an appropriation of an amount sufficient to enable me to purchase a steamer and to load her with cotton and other staples, I could clothe our volunteers in comfort and decency and enable the State to redeem the pledge made to our volunteers by the resolution adopted January 17, 1862. It is mortifying to the pride of the Virginian to see our gallant soldiers in the field in a state ef want and destitution, while the soldiers of other States more enterprising have every comfort which they require. With these facilities I could easily supply all of our State institutions abundantly and upon the best of terms. I shall be prepared to submit to a committee of the Legislature an account of these operations which I flatter myself will be entirely satisfactory.

In the management of the purchases I have made, within the Confederacy as well as abroad, and in the distribution thereof, I have

