
promptly to all these new demands without any additional assistance. Let any practical for improvement be suggested, and it will be promptly adopted.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

C. S. QUARTERMASTER'S DEPT., RAILROAD BUREAU, Richmond, February 22, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: Accompanying this report I respectfully return a communication from the Bureau of Subsistence relative to defective transportation of supplies, in which Major W. H. Smith, commissary of subsistence, is quoted as saying that if the "required reforms in the management of railroad transportation are at once adopted" the supplies of subsistence, which are abundant in Georgia, will be carried to General Johnson's army. What the "required reforms" are Major Smith does not mention, and it will be therefore impossible for me to avail myself of their advantage. It shall be my earnest efforts to apply any practicable remedy that is suggested, and I shall seize with alacrity any plan promising relief, but until some feasible proposal is made I will be left to my own resources to manage this vexatious question. The charge of cupidity and corruption against railroad companies and of agents and employees who regard their personal interests as paramount to all other considerations is too vague to admit of investigation. Officers of the Commissary and Quartermaster's Department are habitually and publicly charged as the railroad companies are in this communication, and a sense of the injustice we endure should create a charitable spirit. The Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, however, is particularized as illustrating beyond question that the transportation of this company is beyond what it is legitimately entitled to, and the earnings of this company for last year are cited to prove that this road has done a large business for private parties. To answer this charge I would ask if this road has not performed promptly all the Government business offered it? If it has, then what possible objection can there be to its working for other parties?

It certainly is not the policy of the Government to confine railroads to Government work exclusively. It is to be hoped this is not one of the "required reforms. " Last year, when the Government did not need within 50 per cent. of the supplithat it is wanting now, a small surplus was accumulated in Richmond. The past twelve months has improved transportation but little, and it will be a cause of congratulation if the Army of Virginia has its daily wants constantly met. It is useless to hope for more, for such expectations will not be realized. Every effort is being made and will continue to do more than this; but I cannot blind myself to the truth, nor will I lead other to do so. The communication says,: With no efforts to improve transportation, and while the present defective system continues, we must remain in a condition of uncertainly that sooner or later will culminate in disaster. " The writer is mistaken in supposing that no efforts are being made to improve this important branch of public service. Great efforts have been made, and with success. The writer is ignorant of the increased power now occupied between

