
adjustment of all such claims free of charge. He was also directed to attend to all claims on the part of any soldier of the Virginia forces, also free of charge. And I authorized him to provide himself with whatever was necessary to the efficient performance of his duty. Colonel Hill being in the pay of the State, the additional expense will be inconsiderable; but still, if such an agency should meet with your approbation, some legislation will be necessary to perfect it. I am satisfied that it has already produced much good, and I recommended it to your favor.

After your adjournment I was repeatedly called upon to take steps to make a record of the Virginia forces, which should include not only a full list of all those gallant spirits who had dedicated their lives to the defense of their country, but also a list of deaths by disease and battle; of those wounded, and at what places; of those distinguished by acts of extraordinary gallantry; of desertions; of traitors; in short, to make a roll of honor as well as dishonor, so as to transmit to posterity a complete record of the conduct of the sons of Virginia. Completed and carried out, as it is important it should be, it will be a book of valuable reference and of profound interest to us all.

Yielding to what seemed to be public sentiment, and instituting an examination to see what laws, if any, had been passed upon the subject, I found an act passed February 7, 1862, entitled "An act to empower the Governor to have made out and filed in the state department complete lists of Virginia forces. "

In the preamble to the act the policy indicated above seems to have been intended by the Legislature; and as the power is conferred by that act upon the Governor to do all things necessary to carry out such intent, I organized a board accordingly, by the appointment of Joseph Jackson, Jr., as the head thereof, with an assistant, and specified the salaries to be received by them-inadequate, it is true, but conforming substantially to the compensation provided by law for the officials in the several departments of the State government. I subsequently authorized other appointments, still, however, not in sufficient number to proceed with proper dispatch in the execution of this noble work. The plan and progress of the work will, however, be disclosed in the official report of Mr. Jackson, to which I invite attention.

In consequence of the great atrocities of the enemy, of every description known to savage war, I enlarged the duties of the recorder by directing him to take evidence of the outrages referred to, that an undoubted memorial thereof might be preserved and the truth might stand forever vindicated. I deem this the more necessary, as posterity will not believe, without the clearest proof, that a powerful people, boasting of its civilization, was capable of perpetrating acts that should damn them throughout all time and with every Christian nation. This organization, however, requires legislation to perfect it.

The penitentiary report will also be laid before you. I flatter myself it will exhibit very gratifying results. I believe that under the management of its present efficient superintendent it will soon develop a high degree of prosperity. It has labored under great disadvantages from want of supplies and proper managers, from which causes heavy losses have been sustained. When large shops are without material and the hands consequently without employment, when an unskilled manager of a shop permits works to be imperfectly finished, heavy losses must be inevitably incurred. Such has been

