
The report of the auditor of public accounts shows that the revenue standing to the credit of the Commonwealth proper on the 1st day of October last amounted to $5,416,734. 87. The same officer estimates receipts into the treasury during the fiscal year ending 30th of September next, from the several sources of revenue, at $4,612,010, making a total sum of $10,028,744,87. He estimates that the disbursements during the same period will be $21,509,090. 61, leaving a deficiency of $11,480,345. 74.

Since the 1st of October, at the beginning of the fiscal year, the commissioners, consisting of the Governor, treasurer, and auditor of public accounts, in pursuance of "An act to authorize the funding of certain currency belonging to the State in Confederate bonds, and to authorize the sale of such bonds if necessary, and to authorize the conversion of other notes into other issues," passed March 3, 1864, caused $5,000,000 of currency then standing to the credit of the Commonwealth to be funded in 6 per cent. Confederate bonds; and although they were authorized by act of Assembly to make sale of the bonds, they have neither deemed it necessary or prudent to do so. this funding has withdrawn $5,000,000 of the currency which stood to the credit of the Commonwealth on the 1st of October, and would apparently enlarge the above deficiency to $16,480,345. 74 were it not that the Legislature may satisfy a part of the present demands upon the treasury due to the commissioners of the sinking fund by a transfer of the said Confederate bonds to that corporation, under the provisions of the twenty-ninth section of the fourth article of the constitution of Virginia, which provide that-

There shall be set apart annually from the accruing revenues a sum equal to 7 per cent. of the State debt existing on the 1st day of January, in the year 1852. The fund thus set apart shall be called the sinking found, and shall be applied to the payment of the interest of the State dept and the principal of such part as may be redeemable. If no part be redeemable then to residue of the sinking fund, after the payment of such interest, shall be invested in the bonds or certificates of debt of this Commonwealth, or of the Confederate States, or of some of the States of this Confederacy, and applied to the payment of the State debt as it shall become redeemable. Whenever after the said 1st day of January a debt shall be contracted by the Commonwealth, there shall be set apart in like manner annually for thirty-four years a sum exceeding by 1 per cent. the aggregate amount of the annual interest agreed to be paid thereon at the time of its contraction; which sum shall be part of the sinking fund, and shall be applied in the manner before directed. The General Assembly shall not otherwise appropriate any part of the sinking fund, or its accruing interest, except in time of war, insurrection, or invasion.

It must be remembered that no part of the State debt is redeemable except at the pleasure of the General Assembly, in which event the commissioners of the sinking fund may invest the funds, as well for redemption as for investment, in the bonds of the Confederate States. This disposition of the Confederate bonds would diminish the present demand upon the treasury by the sum of $2,269,772. 80, now due for redemption and investment, and relieve the treasury from the obligation of making further provision for such fund until after the year 18686.

I deem it right to say that this large deficit may not be expected to be called for during the coming year. Indeed, I am satisfied that there will be no difficult in meeting all demands upon the treasury, with the aid of proper arrangements. Besides other large claims against the Confederate Government, the auditing board of the State report a balance against it for moneys paid out or cash articles supplies amounting to $8,154,601. 01. Some of the vouchers for this

