
intendent to appropriate the transportation to his own private benefit, and to embarrass its production and transportation on the part of others. However unfounded this suspicion may be-and I have great confidence in the fairness and integrity of Colonel Clarkson-yet the policy of the act prohibiting the superintendent from any interest in the sale of salt, so as to protect him from all suspicion, ought undoubtedly to be sternly enforce. I respectfully suggest that a different mode of compensation than that of salt should be adopted. It will not do for Virginia, controlling as she does this great necessity of man, to allow such a state of things as may even plausibly subject her superintendent to the imputation of using the great power which must be confided to him for his private ends. It does not look well, after impressing the property of Stuart, Buchanan &amp; Col, to protect the country against what was thought to be their extortion, to allow in any degree a similar power to her agent.

I respectfully submit that we, the State of Virginia, ought not to embarrass in any respect the trains of our sister States strictly engaged int eh transportation of their own salt, which we have authorized them to make. I cannot doubt that the Virginia and Tennessee road, when it is necessary to do so, can easily obtain by private arrangement the use of such trains, when not engaged in transporting their own salt. Nor can I see the difficulty which seems to prevail in getting fuel to the salt-works, or removing the salt when made therefrom. A single train of cars per day, I am informed, will carry more wood to Saltville than our works will consume, while a single train therefrom carrying 3,000 bushels will transport one-third more than the whole supply needed by the Confederate Government and the State of Virginia. Manifestly something is wrong, and I respectfully invite your careful attention to the matter. I think the operations at Saltville would be greatly simplified by the state undertaking to supply her sister States with salt, deliverable at Saltville, they sending by their trains supplies for the use of the works at that place. I have no doubt such an arrangement would give satisfaction to all concerned. I have not, gentlemen of the Assembly, frankly presented to you my views upon all measures to which I deem it necessary to invite your attention. I cannot hope that you will concur with me entirely; but no measure has been suggested which, after careful consideration, does not strongly impress me as either necessary to the improvement of our condition, or calculated to strengthen our hands in the fearful struggle in which we are now engaged. Our national life depends in no slight degree upon the separate action of the several States of the Confederacy; and I would not have our beloved State in any of her departments to betray a want of the purest and highest heroism in her official conduct. Let us, gentlemen, remember, in the eloquent language of our court of appeals, that "the obligation of the citizen to render military service is a paramount social and political duty," and pass all laws which are necessary to give a military organization to our whole people. If in any proposed measure we doubt our power or its propriety, let us remember that it is a well-established rule of construction "that all grants of privileges and exemptions from general burdens are to be construed liberally in favor of the public, and strictly as against the grantee. "

And now, gentlemen, firmly relying upon a merciful God to crown our efforts with a safe deliverance from the perils which threaten our

