
dearest hopes and most precious interests, I invoke the favor of Heaven upon your labors, not doubting but that all your aims will be your country's, your God's, and truth's.

Respectfully,

WM. SMITH.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to provide for a State guard.

Whereas, the State of Virginia has suffered severely during the present war by the hands of our uncivilized foe, in the desolation of the homes, the waste, consumption, and robbery of the property of many of our people; and whereas, large districts of our territory are in the hands of such enemy, while the people thereof, because of such barbarian conduct, have been, in many instances, reduced to poverty and want, and not unfrequently imprisoned in loathsome dungeons, for no other reason than their detestation of the wretched tyranny by which they are outraged and oppressed; and whereas, the conduct of our foe clearly indicates that he has no expectation of reconstruction nor desire of reunion with us, and looks only to our impoverishment and subjugation, thus imposing upon us the noble duty of organizing our whole strength in aid of our gallant brethren in the field, that by our combined exertions we may establish our liberty and independence, or failing in which, may find a patriot's grave; and whereas, the able-bodied men of the State, designated as the militia thereof, are now in the service of the Confederacy or subject to her control, while we have a large number of men and lads who are able to render most important service in repelling raids, arresting deserters, and other military delinquents, relieving posts and assisting in the defense of cities, towns, &amp;c., are unorganized and subject to no military duty whatever: Now, therefore:

1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That all white male inhabitants of the State, of sixteen years and upward, who are not enrolled in the Army of the Confederate States, or who have been discharged therefrom, and all refugees and persons sojourning within the State, shall be immediately organized by the Governor in such manner as to him may seem best. It shall be the duty of the several county and corporation courts to convene immediately after the passage of this act, and with the aid of the commissioners of the revenue, sheriffs, and sergeant, and, by way of assistance to the Governor, cause all the persons before mentioned to be enrolled. And it shall be the duty of all persons subject to enrollment to report themselves to said courts without delay, stating their respective ages. Any person who may fail or refuse to report himself shall be fined by the court not less than $50 nor more than $100, to be levied and collected as militia fines. In execution of the duty required of them by this act, the courts are empowered to require the attendance of their clerks, the sheriffs, sergeant, and commissioners of the revenue of their several counties and corporations, whose presence shall be entered of record. And should any one of the officials before enumerated fail in their attendance in whole or in part, without good and sufficient cause, of which the court shall be the sole and exclusive judge, such delinquent shall be fined $100, to be collected as the other judgments of their courts, and paid into the treasury of the State. The enrollment hereby requirerved in the clerk's office, and a copy thereof shall be forwarded to the adjutant-general of the State.

