
2. The special character of the service herein provided for leaves but little room for exemptions or substitutes, and therefore they are left to be provided for, in peculiar cases, by the Governor, by such regulations as he may deem expedient. But all professors of religion, of whatever denomination or creed; all physicians, all shoemakers, tanners, blacksmiths, wagon makers, millers, and engineers, mill-wrights, operators in wool and cotton factories, paper mills, and all teachers of colleges, academies, schools and theological seminaries; all artisans, mechanics, and employes in the establishments of such persons as may be engaged under contracts with the State or Confederate Government; all managers, mechanics, and miners employed in the manufacture of salt, of lead, and iron; those engaged in burning coke, miners in coal mines, and all those engaged in attending upon cattle, mules, horses, and sheep; all who may be engaged for police purposes, and such as have been or may be exempted by the President on the ground of justice, equity, or necessity, and exempted under and by virtue of the act of Congress passed 11th of October, 1862; all men detailed for special duty by order of the Secretary of War, his assent thereto being first had and obtained, and all who shall have furnished substitutes in the State or Confederate service, refugees and persons sojourning with the State, shall be embraced in the enrollment directed by this act.

3. The Governor is authorized and required to organize the force provided by this act in all respects as to him may seem best. As soon as he shall complete the organization herein directed he shall report the same to the General Assembly for their information, and for such action, if any, as to them may seem fit. This force shall be denominated the "State Guard," and many be called out by the Governor, in part or in whole, whenever in his judgment it is necessary in defense of the State; in resisting raids and sudden invasion; in preserving order and domestic tranquillity; in relieving the Confederate Government from the necessity of providing guards for the protection and security of prisoners; for the various posts and other necessary organizations; to arrest deserters, absentees, and other military delinquents. Such portions of the State Guard as may be raised in their respective counties, cities, and towns shall be assigned to duty thernsistent with the public interests, when necessary. No portion of such guard shall, under any circumstances, or at any time, be required to go beyond the limits of the State; nor shall such guard or any portion thereof by called into service for a longer period at any one time than thirty days.

4. Such enrolled men as possess private arms may be required to use them in the public service, and shall be compensated for any loss or damage they may sustain by so doing. The remainder shall be armed by the State, and all shall be furnished with the requisite ammunition. It shall be the duty of the Governor to see that the arms and other public property which may be issued from time to time to the State Guard, shall be promptly accounted for and delivered up, when thereto required, under such rules and regulations as he may prescribe.

5. The Governor may establish such rules and regulations for the promotion of discipline and efficiency in this organization as he may deem necessary. And if any person who is held to service under this act shall fail or refuse to perform any of the military duties required by its provisions, he shall be imprisoned in the jail of the county or corporation not less than ten nor more than thirty days, at his own

