
proper costs and charges, and shall be fined not less than $10 nor more than $100; and if he be not a native of any of the Confederate States, shall be required to leave the State of Virginia forthwith. The commandant of each regiment shall detail a board, consisting of one field officer and two commandants of companies, and the commandant of the battalion, where there is no regiment, shall detail a board, consisting of three commandants of companies, who shall take cognizance of and decide upon all such cases. All fines imposed by these boards shall be promptly collected by the sheriff or sergeant as militia fines, upon certificate of the presiding officer.

6. This act being a war measure, will cease and be m and after the proclamation of peace. So much of the act passed March 7, 1862, entitled "An act to authorize the Governor to organize and call out certain military forces for the defense of the State," as provides for the organization of a second-class militia, and the act passed May 14, 1862, entitled "An act to organize a home guard," be and are hereby absorbed in the organization authorized by this act; and all other acts and parts of acts in conflict therewith shall be and are hereby suspended. all commissions under the acts above specified shall be and are null and void.

7. This act shall be in force from and after its passage.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 10, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I have the honor to submit my answer to the inclosed resolutions of the Senate, transmitted by you to me. (Resolutions adopted on 5th instant, in relation to act of 6th of February, 1864. *)

First. The tenth clause of the regulations established under the act of February 6, 1864, is as follows:

Nothing in these regulations shall be so construed as to conflict with the proviso of the law which declares "that nothing in this act shall be construed to prohibit the Confederate States, or any of them, from exporting any of the articles herein enumerated on their own account, nor shall a bond be required of a State in any case. "

In executing this clause no restriction has been imposed upon any State, and no State has been asked to give a bond, as required of all private owners. All vessels except those owned exclusively by States are subject to the regulations and compelled to carry out cotton and bring a supply for the Confederate States Government. If a State should be a subscriber to one of the joint stock companies for running the blockade or in partnership with private individuals in a vessel, such vessel would be held as subject to the regulations, but all vessels and cargoes belonging to States are held to be entirely exempt, and no restriction attaches to them.

Second. The number of vessels engaged in running the blockade has steadily increased since the established of the regulations and is now larger than at any time before. Many new steamers are underse way to engage in the business. This, too, though the stringency of the blockade is supposed to be constantly augmenting.

Third. The regulations have been beneficial to the Confederate States Government in furnishing the means abroad to purchase supplies and munitions of war and the tonnage required to transport them to our ports. Prior to the passage of the act owners to steamers,

---------------

*See p. 897.

---------------

