
upon application of the Secretary of War, conceded to the Confederate States Government a portion of their tonnage for outward and inward cargoes, but the act of Congress and the regulations under it were necessary to secure uniformity and to compel such persons as were reluctant to make the concession. The annexed statement, showing (1) quantity of cotton exported for the Confederate States Government and its estimated value, and (2) the leading articles imported, exhibits some of the substantial advantages that have accrued to the Confederate States Government. [The report of Lieut. Colonel T. L. Bayne (the officer specially assigned to so much and regulations), hereto attached, will present the subject more in detail. a]

Our agents abroad represent that the act and regulations have been in the highest degree beneficial in appreciating the public credit and enabling them to procure additional supplies at reduced rates.

Fourth. It would be exceedingly inexpedient to repeal the act, and experience has not suggested to me any modification or amendment as necessary. On the contrary, the act and regulations are just becoming well understood, and the Confederate States Government is appreciating more and more the benefits resulting from them.

The duty attaches peculiarly to the Confederate States Government to provide supplies and munitions of war for the public defense, and it is better in every respect that the duty should be wholly performed by the Confederate States Government, especially when in devolving any portion of it upon the States the means to that extent are withdrawn from the Confederate States Government. If a concession is made to the States to charter vessels, and if such vessels be exempted from the operation of the regulations, each State becomes a competitor with every other State and the Confederate States Government. The uniformity contemplated by the act of Congress will be destroyed. Competitive charters will be made, no ships, but to secure the entry to particular ports. If one State undertakes to supply its troops, every other State will be compelled to undertake the same duty. Unequal provision for the soldiers of different States will create jealousy and dissatisfaction among them, and ultimately the Confederate States Government will have to reimburse the States. The competition of the States with each other and with the Confederate States would, I fear, extend to transportation over the railroads when it was inadequate to the delivery at the sea-ports of cargoes for all vessels partially owned or chartered by them. Agencies at home and abroad would be largely multiplied, which would aggravate the competition in every form. It may be safely assumed that all vessels will run under the regulations, carrying cotton and bringing in supplies for the Confederate States Government, unless they can make more advantageous arrangements with particular States. Whatever, therefore, is gained by such arrangements will accrue to individuals and will be so much subtracted from the Confederate States Government.

The resolutions are general in their character and seem to justify- indeed, to call for-the expression of these views.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

a The sentence in brackets stricken out, before transmitted to the President, by direction of the Secretary of War.

59 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

