
been brought in fast enough to keep it from spoiling. The conclusion that the same regulations which may be suitable for the stores of other departments will not suffice for the introduction of subsistence is set forth in a report made by Lieutenant-Colonel Ruffin on this subject and in an indorsement by me thereon, which is herewith referred to you. Legislation is also required in respect to those agriculturists who are exempt by law, but who evade their obligations to devote their time, capital, and labor to raising supplies for the Government. I called attention tot his point some time ago, and now urge that exemptions be revoked or placed under the control of the War Department, with power to revoke them when the parties do not zealously devote themselves to advancing the ends of the Government rather than their own. These parties now assert their independence of the War Department, and claim that their exemption is by act of Congress, and that the remedy against them for failure to comply with their obligations is by suit on their bond. But few of them in Virginia, at least, have any marketable surplus, and many are devoting their time, skill, capital, &amp;c., to speculation or to supplies not embraced in the law. The organization of the bureau for collecting and distributing supplies is as near perfection as is possible under the general plan that has been adopted for all purchases. Its working has been constantly crippled by the abstraction of trained men and assigning them as privates in the field, under the idea that anybody can do anything, and that any system can be worked well, though harassed by constant changes of its laborers. If the Army is not as well fed as the condition of the country will allow, or if at any time it should be without food, it will be the result of these influences in overruling an efficient and comprehensive system which has proved and maintained itself against constant and potent opposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

P. S. - The officer who has been for some time in North Carolina with the object of determining more definitely the prospect of affairs there has returned. He was expected on Saturday night, and arrived after signing this paper to-night. He reports that the state of North Carolina has been purchasing largely of corn and wheat at 100 per cent. over schedule rates, and our officers have been unable to get anything; that impressments are impracticable; that the people will not supply grain under notices of impressment which cannot be enforced, and will not prepare their crops for sale unless market prices are given. Governor Vance was asked by one of the district commissaries who waited on him to cease buying at the rates being paid, which he declined unless the commissariat should supply from that district 20,000 bushels. The officer could not make such engagement, and nothing seems left us but to yield to the demand and appeal to the people to supply the Army on the terms they exact. The effort to sustain the Treasury and the policy of Government in the establishment of the commissioners of appraisement has reached its limit.

The people in both Carolinas and Georgia have vehemently opposed impressment. I see nothing but to admit the force of present necessity and strain every nerve to get in the grain or await the calamities consequent on a deficiency of bread.

