
CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 36.
 Richmond, Va., December 12, 1864.

I. Paragraphs I and II, of General Orders, No. 86, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, herein recited, are made parts of this circular. *

II. Generals of reserves in the respective States are required to proceed forthwith to execute the above orders, employing therefor all enrolling officers and all other officer under their command not actually on service inconsistent with this duty. It is supposed that the Congressional district inspecting officers and those provided under Circular No. 35, of this Bureau, current series, may be made available.

III. The number of slaves to be obtained in each State is as follows; Virginia, 2,250; North Carolina, 2,250; South Carolina, 2,500; Georgia, 2,500; Alabama, 2,500; Florida, 500; Tennessee, 500; Mississippi and East Louisiana, 1,500. Total 14,500.

Forms of returns accompany this circular, which can be printed and furnished to the proper officers. Each return must be in triplicate.

IV. When fifty negroes are collected in any locality, either by one or more officers having contiguous districts, they will be forwarded to the nearest camp of instruction in the State, where a complete record will be made, and they will thence be forwarded to points hereinafter stated. In no case will the gangs of slaves be kept over forty-eight hours at a camp of instruction. Generals of reserves are authorized to send a proper officer to such localities from which it may be more convenient to send the slaves direct to the Army, who shall make the record and forward the slaves without passing them through the camp. The impressing officer is authorized to make requisition on the most convenient agent of the Commissary Department for the subsistence of the slaves while under his charge, at the rate of one ration per diem of meat and flour, or meal, and also on the proper quartermaster for transportation, without reference to this Bureau.

V. Impressing officers will require to owner or hirer of the slave to furnish to each slave one good suit of clothes before he is received, the value of which will be estimated in the appraisement. congressional district examining boards may depute single members of the boards to make examinations in presence of the owner and hirer and the impressing officer under regulations to be prescribed by the Surgeon-General.

VI. Slaves will be appraised by the impressing officer, together with the advisory boards of the county. In localities where there are no such boards the appraisement may be made by persons selected for the purpose, on agreement between the impressing officer and the owner. The hire of slaves is fixed by the Secretary of War not to exceed $25 per month.

VII. In distributing the impressment in the various localities regard will be had to the wants, the condition, and the position of the localities. Credit must be given, of course, for all slaves procured under the instructions of the Secretary of War, dated the 23d of September ultimo, but not for any other existing impressment. This levy is provided for by special act, and its operation is not to be referred to

---------------

*For paragraphs mentioned (here omitted), see p. 897.

---------------

