
any other proceeding. Negroes of refugees may be credited to the county in which they are found, or to the county from which they have been removed, after investigation of circumstances, at the discretion of the generals of reserves.

VIII. Generals of reserves will see that their impressing officers exercise an intelligent and thoroughly informed discretion in selecting for impressment negroes who may be most conveniently spared with least prejudice to productive and mechanical industry, and that they conduct this service in the most conciliatory mode consistent with a prompt and firm performance of their duties, receiving the slaves proffered by the owners, if physically competent.

The impressment should be made in all cases according to the rules and regulations provided for the impressment of slaves in the States; and also in all cases an effort should first be made to procure the slaves to be hired by the consent of the owner.

By command of the Secretary of War:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 12, 1864. - For Taylor to Watts, urging the necessity of action by the Legislature of Alabama to strengthen the military authorities, see Series I, VOL. XLV, Part II, p. 683.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 13, 1864.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Your letter of the 21st ultimo, addressed to me at Crawfordville, Ga., did not reach me before I left there for this place. It has been forwarded here and was received by me only a few days ago. This will explain the delay of my answer. I now avail myself of the earliest opportunity under the press of other duties to reply to your inquiry. In doing this you will of course not expect me to go into a general review and minute specification of everything on your part, including what has not been done as well as what has been done by you in connection with the subject that contributed in bringing my mind to the belief and conclusion referred to. This would be as difficult and tedious as useless. I shall therefore confine myself to two points only.

The first of these was your action in regard to the case of David F. Cable. That you may the better understand what I say on this point, I refer you to our correspondence on the subject. And that you may be the better enabled to appreciate the nature of the prominent facts in that correspondence by way of recital may very properly be here presented.

You will then recollect that on the 9th day of April, of this year, I called your attention to a communication I had received from this man. He had written to me on the 20th of March, 1864, stating that he was then a prisoner at Andersonville, Ga. ; that he was from the State of Ohio, and had accompanied the forces of the enemy that invaded Florida as a non-combatant; that his object, amongst other things, was to cross our lines and to have a conference with prominent men on our side by which concert of action could be procured

