
between our authorities and the peace men at the North, in the then approaching Presidential election, so as to secure, if possible, the defeat of the Abolition Administration at Washington. Such concert he thought might insure the success of a peace party in that election and eventually lead to an Honorable peace. He stated that he was taken as a prisoner at Ocean Pond, in Florida, and was then held as a prisoner of war. He wished a parole and a conference with me and others on our side upon what he styled his mission. For he stated that he had come on this mission after advisement and consultation with the leading peace men in the Northwest, New York, and the Federal Capital. He gave a sketch of the terms on which such concert of action should be based in the opinion of the leading peace men at the North, whom he represented, and sought the interview and conference to see if any concert of action as was desired could be effected, &amp;c.

This letter, the substance of which I recall to your mind, I inclosed to you, accompanied by one from myself to you on the 9th of April. In my letter I urged upon you the importance, in my opinion, of granting to Mr. Cable the parole and conference he asked. Upon the main points in his letter I gave it to you as my judgment that he should be paroled and assured by the highest authority in our Government, even that which alone could initiate peace, &c., that it was the earnest wish and desire of our Government to end the war, which was not of our seeking from the beginning, and to adjust all matters of difference of State sovereignty and the legitimate results of those principles. That the ablest champions of peace at the North were then standing on the principles of the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions of 1798 and 1799, denying the power of the Federal Government rightfully to coerce a State.

I gave it to you as my opinion that it was of very great importance to us to defeat the Abolition party at the North if ew was that the peace men at the North should have every assurance and every aid that it was in our power to give them, by which, if possible, a States' rights organization might be brought into power there, on the defeat of the consolidationists whose present hobby is abolition. In my letter I stated to you that I knew some of our people-and some of those opinions were entitled to consideration-took a different view of the subject. They thought quite as much danger, if not more, was to be apprehended from the election of a so-called conservative Northern President than from one of the dominant party; that the policy of such a man would be not to abandon the war, but to obtain peace through a restoration of the Union by offering terms that would be acceptable to our people. In these views I stated I did not concur; that I apprehended no danger from that quarter. Should the peace party there once get into power a suspension of arms would immediately ensue. Negotiations in some way would commence and the war would certainly after a while and upon the principle of a full, perfect, and final separation of the States. Reunion or reconstruction would be found to be out of the question and would ultimately be abandoned by the most ardent advocates of it on that side of the line. This is the purport of my letter, as you will doubtless recollect.

In conclusion I solicited your views upon the subject, and stated if it met with your approval, and Cable should be paroled, I would hold the conference with him and report to you.

My opinion then was and now is that if hostilities were once suspended and negotiations of almost any sort looking to peace should

