
be inaugurated, that both sides would ultimately and without more fighting come to the same conclusion that the British authorities and our common ancestors came to after the protracted struggle of the Revolution, to wit: "That reciprocal advantage and mutual convenience are to be found by experience to be the only permanent foundation of peace and friendship between states. "

This great truth, and found by them after the most painful analysis of years in the crucible of blood, was set forth int he preamble of the provisional treaty of peace at the end of the first war for the principles of self-government on this continent. This truth for the statesman at all times, in my estimation, is far more useful than was ever the fancied philosopher's stone for the alchemist. I did not and do not doubt if reasons and passion should once be permitted to have its full and legitimate sway on both sides that this same great political and moral truth would be again affirmed and established as the basis of permanent peace between the several sovereign States now at war with each other.

But to proceed with the recital:

On the 19th of April your replied to my letter of the 9th, saying that Mr. Cable's statement of his case would indicate the propriety of my recommendation in relation to his release; but it so far happened that persons made representations which did not accord with the facts that it seemed to you proper to make an inquiry into the case before action upon it; that orders had been given to a staff officer to investigate the matter, and if it should be found as stated, to put the prisoner on parole, giving him permission to visit me, and then requiring him to go to Savannah and report to the commanding officer at that place to be sent home on parole for exchange, &amp;c.

Two things in this letter, you will allow me to say, struck me as strange. The first was that you confined your approval of my recommendation or views to the point only of his parole or release, and said not one word either approving or disapproving on the subject of the propriety or policy of having the conference he sought or the nature or character of the assurances that should be given him on his being permitted to visit me. Not a word was said on the policy indicated in my letter of our aiding and encouraging as far as possible in bringing into power at the North a party upon the principle stated in my letter. Your views upon this subject I had requested in view of the probable conference.

The other thing in the letter that struck me as strange was that you should have thought that any staff officer was more suitable or competent to make an investigation into the truth of the prisoner's statements than the second officer in the Government. Still I thought both these matters might have escaped your consideration, and I held myself in readiness to confer with him when he should be sent to me after the investigation. I had very little doubt from the internal evidence of his communication that his statements as to his character and object would upon proper investigation be found to be true. I accordingly wrote to you, immediate after the receipt of your letter, that I should wait at home to have the conference, which would probably prevent my being in Richmond on the opening of the session of Congress in May. Some days passing, and hearing nothing from Cable or the officers at Andersonville in regard to him, I addressed a letter to the commandant at the post there, informing him that I was waiting at home to see Mr. Cable, and asking him to send him on as soon as possible after the investigation should be made. To this

