
letter the commandant of the post at Andersonville replied on the 30th of April, informing me that on the same day that he had received my letter he had also received a communication on the same question from Richmond; and that he was enabled to inform me officially that Mr. Cable would not be able to visit me soon, and that I need not wait any longer, taking it for granted that the preliminary investigation ordered had not proven satisfactory. I also wrote you immediately on the receipt of this letter and informed you that I should wait no longer. I heard nothing more of this case until the latter part of June. I then received another letter from Mr. Cable, dated the 21st of that month. In it he stated that he was still in prison at Andersonville. He complained of having heard nothing of his other communication. Hme to the South as a champion of peace; that he came here in a representative capacity to subserve the interests of the peace party; that he had suffered in position and property by his active exertions in maintaining the great principles upon which the Government was founded, and when he turned his course South he had no doubt that he should find open-hearted friends and all due encouragement; but on the contrary he had been rigidly treated as a prisoner of war and subjected to all the hardships and indignities which unavoidably attach to such a position, and that he had become from these causes and attendant mental anxiety so much reduced that he had no hope for surviving in his then position very long. He asked that relief to which in all justice and equity he thought he was entitled. If his mission here should fail, there was much important work for him to do in the North during the then pending Presidential campaign. At all events, he implored that he should not be permitted to perish in that place for his family's sake.

This is the substance of his letter. On its receipt I immediately wrote to the commandant of the post to know the result of the investigation which you had informed me had been ordered in his case. I wished to know if anything had been disclosed in it which rendered him unworthy of further efforts on my part in his behalf so far as a release was concerned; if not, I intended, for the sake of humanity at least, to call your attention again to his case. The commandant at the post promptly answered my letter, informing me that no investigation had ever been made in his case.

I need not say to you in this recital how much surprised and astonished I was on receiving this information, for I immediately addressed you upon the subject, inclosing a copy of Cable's letter of the 21st of June, and stated to you my surprise that no such investigation had been made in this case as you had informed me on the 19th of April had been ordered, and which, as I had written to you, I had taken for granted had been made and had proven unsatisfactory, from the letter of the commandant at the post that he had heard from Richmond upon the subject, and that I need wait at home for Cable no longer.

I again urged the case upon consideration as one deserving prompt attention. To this communication, sent on the 5th of July, you made rs so reMained until I got a letter from the commandant of the post, dated the 23d of July, informing me that Cable was dead.

Now, sir, I assure you that all the facts of this case taken together, of which I have recited only a brief statement (but with the whole in detail you must be familiar), made the very decided impression on my mind that you did not favor the proposed conference with Mr. Cable,

