
though he averred that he came on a special mission as the representative of the leading peace men at the North; that you did not approve of having him receive the assurance which I thought it best he should receive, even from yourself, and that you did not consider it to be consistent with our best interests to foster, encourage, and to aid in bringing into power a peace party at the North, on the principles stated in my first letter to you-which party was then struggling into existence and which, after all its embarrassments and discouragements in its organization under the denunciatory epithets of "traitors" at the North, and the ridicule and reproach of "copperheads" by many at the South, as well as North, finally presented the name of McClellan as its candidate.

The fact that you had not said anything in approval of my views on the subject when requested, and when it was important that I should know them, in case the proposed conference should take place, tended to produce that impression; and then the fact that no investigation, such as you wrote me on the 19th of April had been ordered, had taken place up to the 21st of June; and after my sending to you Cable's second letter of that date, the fact that he was still kept in prison and permitted to die there without any conference, any release, or any investigation, increased that impression almost, if not quite, to a conviction.

But if I had been in doubt on this subject and your preference as between Lincoln and McClellan, it seemed to me that your speech at Columbia, S. C., as reported in the papers, could not have left me in that condition long.

This brings me to the second of the points, I said in the outset I should confine myself in answering your inquiry.

The peace party at the North had planted themselves at Chicago, virtually, upon a States' rights platform. In their resolutions they opposed the policy of continuing the effort to restore the Union by force. McClellan was their candidate. Whatever may have been his individual opinions, his success would have been a triumph of their principles. They announced in effect as their purpose as an initiation of negotiations for peace a general convention of all the States. It was on this line of policy they evidently intended to rally and unite, if possible, all the conservative elements at the North. This proposition you in your Columbia speech publically, decidedly, and unqualifiedly opposed.

The que us is not the constitutionality, expediency, or policy of such a mode of inaugurating negotiations of peace. It is simply the object you might be presumed to have had in view in speaking of it as you did on that occasion. Looking at it in this light, what you said there on this subject to me seems to admit of but one construction, that was that you felt impelled from a sense of duty not only to withhold that encouragement and aid which a favorable response to this proposition from you would give its friends, but not even to withhold that silence on your part which might not have done them any positive damage. Such a declaration from you could have no effect at the North but to weaken and cripple the peace party. How could their leading men urge the people to rally upon their proposed policy with any hopeful prospect of success in opposition to the potent argument of their adversaries that it would be utterly useless because the President of the Confederate States had declared in advance that he would not entertain such a proposition as they

