
proposed to offer? Had you desired or preferred the election of McClellan would it not have been the clear and plain dictate of reason not to have said anything upon the subject even if your entertained the sentiments which you expressed? Would it not have been time enough to speak when the offer was made? It is seems to me. Had he been elected and the proposition made the control of the question would have then been in your hands. You could then have alluded to it or rejected it as you thought proper. The only rational conclusion I could draw from this rejection of the proposition in advance was that you really intended and desired to accomplish by it what seems to be its natural and legitimate results. But this was not all. Not only was the proposition, on which the peace and States' rights party at the North had planted themselves, thus rejected by you in advance, but the rejection, you will allow me most say, was accompanied by words that must, to say the least of them, have grated very harshly on the feelings of all those who advocated it and favored it as a means of terminating the war. The tone and substance of your speech then upon the subject of peace were, in short, that there was no prospect of peace but by the sword; that a peace party at the North could only be made by a success of our arms over theirs; "that the only way to make spaniels civil was to whip them. " The natural and legitimate tendency of such language, it seemed to me, was not only do dampen the ardor of the peace men there, but even to excite and arouse in them bitterness of feelings against us and our cause. Who would be willing in his advocacy [of] peace upon the principles announced at Chicago to submit himself to the taunts of the war champions that he had been whipped into his conciliatory mood, and in the estimation of our Chief Magistrate he was then no better than a spaniel, and a whipped spaniel at that, it being, as I consider it, the natural tendency of your language on this subject to strengthen to opponents of peace instead of its friends there. I could form no other conclusion but that it was intended to produce that effect. I could not suppose that such words on such an occasion escaped you unintentionally or unwittingly.

Taking, therefore, all these things into consideration-your whole course in the case of Cable and this speech at Columbia-you have some of the reasons springing from some of your acts that induced me to "think" that you did belong to that class among us who, for the reasons stated in my letter to Senator Semmes, preferred Lincoln's election to McClellan's. I could say a great deal more, but it is unnecessary.

What I have said has been most frankly said, though most painfully said. for I assure you that the conviction on my mind that you id not favor the policy of encouraging and bringing into power at the North, if possible, a party on the States' rights and States' sovereignty line has caused me deep regret and pain. If this opinion on my part is not correct as to yourself, I deeply regret it, not only on my own and your account personally, in view of a proper sense of justice to both, but much more from the firm belief that a like opinion and conviction, North and South, has done great injury to what I deem the best interests of our country.

I cannot think, however, that the publication of my opinion as to your preference between the Northern candidates will add anything

