
the Legislature of this State, and respectfully invite your attention to the same.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of the State of Louisiana.

JOINT RESOLUTIONS in relation to the further prosecution of the war.

Whereas, the United States continues to wage war against the Confederate States with ruthless barbarity and an utter disregard of the rules of civilized warfare; and whereas, the despot who wields with absolute power the destinies of that Government has manifested in all his messages and proclamations a malignant haltered of the people of the South, and a disposition to heap insult upon injury and outrage; and whereas, this course of conduct has strengthened us in our determination to maintain our separation from the Government and people of the North: Therefore-

First. Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened, That the barbarous manner in which our enemies have waged war against us deserves the execrations of all men, and has conformed and strengthened us in the determination to oppose to the last extremity a reunion with them, and that the spirit of our people is unabated in the resolution to resist every attempt at their subjugation.

Second. Be it further resolved, &c., That relying upon the ability of our Chief Magistrate, the skill of our military leaders, the bravery of our soldiers, the heroic devotion of our women, the ardent patriotism of our men, and, above all, upon the justness of our cause, invoking the blessing of almighty God upon our efforts, we confidently abide the result.

Third. Be it further resolved, &c., That in this hour of trial the State of Louisiana tenders to her Government and sister States her warmest sympathy and cordial co-operation; and she hereby declares her unfaltering determination to spare no expense of blood or treasure in defense of the Confederate States of America as a free and independent republic.

Fourth. Be it further resolved, &c., That His Excellency the Governor be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit copies of these resolutions to our Senators and Representatives in Congress, and to the Governors of our sister States.

J. B. ELAM,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

A. H. ISAACSON,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

JOHN MOORE,

President pro tem. of the Senate.

WM. F. WAGNER,

Secretary of the Senate.

Approved February 8, 1864.

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of the State of Louisiana.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL' OFFICE, Numbers 18.
 Richmond, February 9, 1864.

I. Applications from officers of the Niter and Mining Corps for field service cannot now be considered. Workmen employed by them may

