
to, or modify in the least, the impression on the minds of those men at the North to whom you alluded, which was produced by the reading of your Columbia speech itself.

The publication of the letter in which this conclusion of mine was expressed was a source of regret to me. I felt constrained to publish it, though not written or intended at all for the public, in vindication of myself. I was subjected to so many erroneous criticisms as well as unjust attacks as to my motives and object in my difference from you on the subject of a convention of the States and our true line of policy in regard to it, that I felt it to be a duty no less to myself than to the public that the reasons for the views entertained by me should be made known. This was my sole object. I had not the slightest intention to attribute to you any sentiment in the matter reviewed, which from the facts stated, to say nothing of t feel fully authorized and even forced, though reluctantly, to believe that you entertained.

Very respectfully,

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.

CIRCULAR
 CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,
 WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, No. 37.
 Richmond, Va., December 14, 1864.

I. The attention of commandants of conscriptions is called to the circular better to them of the 5th of September ultimo requiring monthly returns of the enrolling department to be forwarded to the Bureau of Conscription by the 15th of the following month. To facilitate the prompt rendition of these returns the commandant of conscripts will at once adopt and furnish the enrolling officers under him with a simple form of report from which the regular monthly return can be conveniently consolidated, and he will certify on each return that he has carefully examined and compared it with the enrolling officers' reports. The enrolling officers must be required to furnish their reports to the commandant in time to enable him to comply with the requirements of said circular letter. When from interruptions of the mails or other unavoidable cause some of the subordinate reports may be delayed beyond the required time the commandant will nevertheless forward his return accompanied by a letter of explanation. The subordinate reports not included in this return will be accounted for in the column of total outstanding, &amp;c., for the following month, which return will be accompanied by an abstract of the operations not embraced in the previous report. In the letter accompanying the monthly returns the commandant will state whether or not the exemption of State officers has been granted agreeably to paragraph XI, of General Orders, No. 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, and whether certificates have been in all cases received from the Governor and filed in his office.

II. Where railroads have their terminal in different States the commandants in those States should compare their list of exemptions at least once in each month to guard against abuses of the law.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

