
never been organize by law, though it has been repeatedly referred to in legislation as existing. The act of the 5th of April, 1862, of the Congress of the United States has not been adopted by the Congress of the Confederate States. The officers on ordnance duty, as well as those connected with the Bureau, as those serving with troops, are commissioned in the artillery.

2. The Chief of Engineers. The Engineer Corps is authorized by the second section of the act approved March 6, 1861, "For the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States of America. "

3. The Chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau. This Bureau was the established under the act "To establish a Niter and Mining Bureau," approved June 9, 1864. Chapter XXX.

4. The Chief of the Signal Corps. This corps was organized under the act "To organize a Signal Corps," approved April 19, 1862, amended by the act approved September 27, entitled "An act to increase the Signal Corps. "

Third. The civil offices of the Department.

1. The Bureau of Indian Affairs, established by the act "To establish the Bureau of Indian Affairs," approved March 15, 1861. It consist of a "Commissioner of Indian Affairs" and one clerk. The clerkship is vacant.

2. The War Office is the immediate office of the Secretary of War and the Assistant Secretary of War. It is organized under the act approved March 7, 1861, "To create the clerical force of the several Executive Departments," &amp;c. The chief office under the Secretary of war and the Assistant Secretary is the "Chief of the Bureau of War. " His office is created by the fourth clause of the first section of the act last cited.

II. In addition to the foregoing, the exigencies of the public service have occasioned the establishment of certain additional offices in connection with the War Department, which are not authorized as independent bureaus by any act of Congress, the duties of which are discharged by officers detailed fo Of these the most important is:

First. The Bureau of Conscription. After the passage of the act of the 16th of April, 1861, known as the first conscripts law, the attempt was made to deal with the questions arising under it directly in the War Office. The experience of several months demonstrated the necessity of relieving the War Office of the details of this business, which, under the successive amendments to the original act, rapidly increased to a great volume. These could be best dealt with by an officer whose time and attention should be given especially to them, under the direction of the Secretary of War. A general officer with a competent number of assistants was assigned by orders to this duty, and was announced in General orders, No. 112, December 30, 1862, a copy of which accompanies this report. *

Second. As the use and export of procuring foreign supplies for the Army. As the use and export of cotton for purchasing supplies abroad enlarged, it became necessary to assign an officer to duty pertaining to this subject. This mode of supply was first used in connection with the Ordnance Bureau. It was soon found that we should need supplies also for the Quartermaster's, Medical, and Subsistence Departments, to provide which vessels had to be procured and cotton

---------------

*See VOL. II, this series, p. 266.

---------------

