
exported. The officer of the Ordnance Bureau, who had acquired experience there in this duty, was put in general charge of the business and the operations enlarged. They were still further increased under the act of the 6th of February, 1864, "To impose regulations on the foreign commerce of the Confederate States, to provide for the public defense," and the regulations made by the President in pursuance thereof. These devolved on this department the purchase, compression, and repairs of all cotton for export; its transportation and shipment, and the receipt and disposition of the foreign supplies.

Third. The army intelligence office. After the great battles of the summer of 1862 numerous inquires, personal and by letter, were addressed to the Department by the relatives and friends of our soldiers to learn their fate. To afford relief to such natural anxieties, a chaplain on duty in this city was authorized to establish an office where information respecting the individual casualties of battle should be collected promptly, at what hospitals wounded men, were and such general information as would enable friends to learn their safety, or the extent of their injuries, and where, if wounded and alive, they could be found. This office, which has been a great gratification to our people, is conducted by a chaplain, one clerk, and disabled soldiers detailed for that purpose.

Fourth. The office of the agent for the exchange of prisoners. The cartel agreed upon by Major Gen. D. H. Hill for the Confederate States and Major Gen. John A. Dix for the United states on the 22d of July, 1862, provided by the eighth article that, "for the purpose of carrying into effect the foregoing articles of agreement, each party will appoint two agents, to be called agents for the exchange of prisoners of war, whose duty it will be to communicate with each other by correspondence or otherwise, to prepare the lists of prisoners, to attend to the delivery of prisces agreed on, and to carry out promptly, effectually, and in good faith all the details and provisions of the said articles of agreement. "

Under this agreement a principal agent, to represent this Government and to have general charge, under this Department, of the business arising under the cartel and in connection with the subject of prisoners of war, was appointed.

Tabular returns of the civil and military persons on duty in the camp and hospitals in the vicinity of the city of Richmond also accompany this report. * It was considered that the House of Representatives did not design to embrace in their resolution any of the forwarding this report has been occasioned by the time required to procure the accompanying returns from the numerous and extensive hospitals in and about the city of Richmond.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, December 16, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I inclose you a copy of a communication* informing me that the House of Commons of the General Assembly of this State has passed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

60 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

