
a resolution requesting me to correspond with you, protesting against the cruel and inhuman manner in which slaves concribed from our citizens are now treated, and request that the evil be immediately remedied. Rumors and statements are constantly arriving here that the slaves conscribed and assigned to labor on the works at and near Wilmington are treated with great cruelty and inhumanity be being overworked, almost starved, not half clad, and lodged without shelter, by reason of which they are suffering great mortality. Not only the interest of their masters and the country, but also humanity forbids the continuance of such a state of things. And I cannot doubt that as soon as your attention is called to it you will take the necessary steps to remedy the evil complained of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., December 18, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: A very imperative necessity for a few days' attention to my private interests has included me to ask a leave of absence, which Mr. Seddon has kindly granted. Your condition of health has deterred me from seeking an interview, which I desired for the purpose of asking your attention to a concerned effort now on foot, not exists, and, of course, to effect my removal from its control by operation of law. As to the latter I feel but little concern, for I can rely on your giving me such service as will be Honorable to myself and to the extent of my ability, and beneficial to the county. You know the full extent of the little I am able to do, and I am quite sure of your absolute confidence in my zeal. I do feel the most anxious public service. I have seen a programme of them, which I was told had high military sanction. The system is one of mere military conscription, not adapted to the condition of the country, repulsive to public sentiment inefficacious and certainly weakening, if o the public defense. It will be resisted by States, communities, and individuals to an extent which will render it inoperative. But even if it be not thus resisted, it will fail because of its total want of adaption to the duties prescribed for it. In legal administration military organizations and action never have the attributes either of celerity or efficiency. Executive strength is always best, based on the exercise of civil rule. Military power may hold laws in subjection; it cannot administer them, at least not under our system of civil polity. The present system of conscription, if allowed to be thoroughly organized and supplied with proper agencies, is not only the most efficient and active, but the strongest which can be instituted for our purposes. It is active and energetic in principle, simple and orderly in structure, uniform and rapid in operation. Besides this, it contains the great element, now so necessary, of giving the administration of a civil law directly into the hands of executive agencies neither purely military nor judicial. It bears in its construction more real pervading executive power and responsibility than is held by the control of the armies of the Confederacy. You may not

