
think this feature desirable. It is at this time unquestionably necessary.

I trust the present system will be adhered to and fully organized for all duties charged upon it. I am wiling to be an agent in its administration, but if you think it can be improved in operation by the selection of others, I am sure you will neither do me nor the country the wrong of hesitating to find other service for me.

My desire is to serve the country under your dictation. To that I have devoted myself. I believe I can render good service in the line you have intrusted to me. I am sure the system in which I have been working is the best for the purposes of the country, and do earnestly hope it will be maintained, with only such modifications as will mrous in execution without affecting the principle on which it is based.

With high and cordial esteem, your friend and obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 18, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I am aware that there is a project on foot, under high military sanction, to abolish the existing system of conscription, and substitute for it a military organization, to be regulated by purely rigid military rules, and by the operation of law to remove me from the control delegated to me by you. The latter may be no loss to the service, but the institution of such a system will be fatal to it. As far as I have been able to ascertain the features of the scheme, it is a cumbrous, confused mass of undigested regulations, the offspring of utter ignorance of the nature of the duties to be performed, of the condition of the country, and the wants of the public service in the department of the public defense-a mere military experiment on the vitals of the country. If tried it will fail; but the fear is that the experiment in failing will destroy the subject. It was a maxim of certain Greek philosophy that wisdom is the reaction from folly. Our misfortune is that we have neither time nor strength to practice folly, in the hope that wisdom will grow out of it. Whatever ignorant and discontented or malignant persons may say, we know that the present system has been efficacious; we know that with proper agencies it can with great certainty and celerity bring all the elements of strength int he matter confided to it to bear upon the public defense. We know that before it was rudely disturbed by the pestilent interference of ignorant and presumptuous person in high position, it had commended itself to the approbation of the people, the States, the Congress, yourself, and the President, and that all admitted if furnished with proper officers it would meet all the demands to the full extent of the capabilities of the country. Why change it, then, upon the presumption that it is not fitted to a more stringent exigency now existing? And above all, why change it for a scheme which has already failed, and which has done as much to chill the patriotic ardor of the people as any one error or misfortune which has befallen us, and which has no one principle, element, or instrument adapted to the duties growing out of the law.

