
I am sure that with you I need not deprecate official dignity or plead my entire freedom from official interest when I earnestly can on you to look narrowly and fully into this matter before you give it your sanction. If this scheme, which I have heard designated as General Bragg's or General Kemper's, is adopted it will be met by legislative resistance in the States before it is in operation sixty days, and Congress will be forced to repeal it; but it may be too late when States have nullified a law of the Confederacy. To this grave issue itd. The integrity of the Confederacy is necessary to the achievement of our independence. Nothing will tend more rapidly to disintegrate the Confederacy than the adoption of these petulant, undigested, and revolting schemes of military conscription. I pray you do not think my terms too strong or my manner too familiar. We are in a very grave condition. I have some experience in these matters, and it seems the proper duty of all earnest men to express their strong convictions.

With high and cordial esteem, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

RICHMOND, VA., December 20, 1864.

THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I herewith transmit the reports made by the heads of the Treasury and War Departments, + in response by your resolution of the 6th instant, making various inquiries relative to the subject embraced in the act of February 6, 1864, entitled "A bill to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the public defense. "

The importance of this subject induces me to present, at some length, my views upon the policy of the law, and upon its effects as developed by experience.

The first section of the law (which was passed at the fourth session of the First Congress and was the expression of its matured judgment) prohibits the exportation of the principal products of the Confederate States, except under uniform regulations, and the reason for this prohibition is expressed int eh preamble to be this: "That the condition of the contest demands that the Confederate States should call into requisition whatever resources of men and money they have for the support of their cause. "

The fifth section of the law indicated that the purpose of Congress in granting power to allow or refuse permission to export the produce of our country was to enforce a return, in whole or in part, of the value of the produce exported "in military or other supplies for the public service. "

But a full understanding of the policy of your predecessors can be attained only by taking into consideration another act passed on the same day, and entitled "An act to prohibit the importation of luxuries or of articles not necessaries or of common use. " This last-mentioned act actually prohibited during the pending war the importation of any articles not necessary for the defense and subsistence of the country; and among those excluded from importation

---------------

*A similar message was communicated to the Senate under date of December 17, 1864, in response to its resolution of December 5, 1864, for which see p. 897.

+For Seddon's report see December 10, 1864, p. 928, excepting the clause referred to in footnote (a), p. 929.

---------------

