
be organized and armed for local defense, but their military orders must be subordinated to work as the leading aim and consideration, and second in importance to no other military service.

II. A limit (not yet reached) to the number of able-bodied workmen to be assigned to this service-submitted by the chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau-has been carefully considered and approved, and communicated to the Bureau of Conscription as a guide for its action.

III. Military commanders will extend to the Niter and Mining Service, especially in districts exposed to the enemy, protection, aid, and encouragement.

IV. General Orders, Numbers 32, series 1863, forbids interference with the workmen or employees at mines, furnaces, or niter works, whether worked by the Government or contractors. These orders are now repeated, and especial attention is called to them.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Richmond, Va., February 9, 1864.

Honorable James A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of Lieutenant Colonel E. D. Blake on special registration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. PRESTON,

Colonel and Superintendent.

[Inclosure.]

ATLANTA, GA., January 25, 1864.

Captain THOMAS PINCKNEY,

A. A. G., Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

CAPTAIN: In the following estimate of the number of troops furnished by the different States I am aware that the plan I have adopted is some cases is open to objection, but when it is carefully considered I think it will be found that the errors to which it may be subject, in favor of a little greater or lesser result, will abut cancel other considerations, and my conclusions practically correct.

The principal object being to obtain the resources of the State in the event of a modification of the present law, I have adopted the most direct method in each case to the attainment of this object, and when the means at my disposal admitted of it, have verified my calculations by others, based upon other statistics.

In my calculations for Alabama and Mississippi the limited data in my possession did not admit of it, and the results depend alone upon the estimates I have made under such circumstances.

The operations of the conscript department in those States do not enter into my calculations, because I could extract no reliable matter from the confused condition of the papers in Major Denis' office. In that office, under the superintendence of General Pillow, much of the details of the department were carried on without any record having been kept. Exemptions and details were granted or refused on the back of the applicant's letter and on memorandum made of it. The report from the subordinate officers purporting to show the number of men put into the service (without uniformity), I was informed by

