
Again, the army in the field is the army of the Confederacy, which is charged with the duty of supplying it with clothing, subsistence, and munitions of war. The performance of this duty demands the most strenuous exertions and the command of all the resources that can be reached. Any diminution of our command of those resources by a medications of the existing legislation might lead to disastrous consequnces. Under our present arrangements we are barely able to supply to our defenders a moderate share of those comforts which are undispensable to their efficiency. As long as privations are endured by all alike, there is a noble and patriotic emulation in the display of cheerful fortitude in enduring them. on supply now distribude among all is diminished for the purpose of enabling any one State to add to the supplies furnished her own troops, the effect will be pernicious to an extent that can scarcely be appreciated in advance. I leave it to others to imagine the state of feeling which would ensue if the soldiers of the sea-board States were to be found amply supplies with all necessaries and comforts, standing side by side with the troops of interior States, who would be deprived of a part of what they now receive in consequence of a diminution of our present means of providing for all alike. If to this it should be answered that the interior State could enjoy the same advantages as the sea-board States by sending agents to the troops to represent them, thus placing all on an equal footing, the reply is obvious. The result would then be to bring all the States back to the same condition in which they now are; that is to say, each possessing its fair share of the advantages derived from the tonnage used by the Confederate Government.

It appears to me that any change in the present regulations so as to affect the right of the Confederate Government must necessarily be either useless or mischievous-useless, if no advantage is to be gained by any one State over the others; mischievus in the extreme, if such an advantage is to be effect of the change.

It has been suggested that there are many articles required by the people of the different States which can only be obtained through the aid of their governments, and that the efforts of the Confederate Government are confined exclusively to the supply of the needs of the Army. This is true; but one-half of all the tonnage of private owners remains open to employment by the States for the purpose suggested, though, perhaps, at somewhat greater cost than would be charged if they were permitted to use the portion reserved for the Confederacy. But I repeat that there is no justice apparent in the demand that all the States should sacrifice a common right for the profit of a single State, nor in diminishing the necessary comforts of the soldiers for the benefit of those who remain at home. It is also competent for each State to purchase vessels for its own use or to purchase shares in common with one or more other States for the introduction of supplies necessay for the people without encroaching on the means used by the Confederacy for supplying the Army.

Second. Upon the second question, whether the regulations have caused any diminution in the number of vessels engaged in foreign commerce, the report of the Secretary of the Treasury gives such information as satisfactorily establishes the reserve to be the case.

In addition to the statements made by him, derived from official returns, the Secretary of War reports that many new steamers are understood to be on the way to engage in the trade, notwithstanding

