
several States, if allowed to do so by law, with the view of again withdrawing from our use as far as possible the tonnage of their vessels, and thus compelling a return to the ruinous contract system.

The reports of the Secretaries will fully inform you of the quantity and nature of the supplies obtained by the Government under the present system, and their importance to the national defense will be perceived at a glance.

Fourth. To the fourth inquiry, whether experience has suggested the necessity of the repeal of said act, or any modification or amendment of its provisions, the foregoing remarks would seem to furnish a sufficient answer. But I conclude, by renewing the expression of my conviction that the result of any legislation checking or diminishing the control now exercised by the Government over our foreign commerce would be injurious to the public interest and would insure the renewal in aggravated form of the evils which it was the purpose of your predecessors to remedy by the laws own in force.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure No. 1.]*

[Inclosure No. 2.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.

Richmond, December 12, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following reply to the inquiries contained in the resolutions of the House of Representatives of the 5th [6th] instant in relation to the foreign trade:

First. "Whether any and what restrictions have been imposed upon the exercise of the right of the Confederate States, or any of them, to export on their own account any of the articles enumerated in the act entitled 'An act to impose regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States to provide for the public defense,' approved 6th of February, 1864. "

No restrictions whatever have been imposed upon the exercise of this right by the States. The tenth article of the regulations, adopted in pursuance of the act of 6th of February, provides:

That nothing in these regulations shall be construed to conflict with the proviso in the fifth section, That nothing in this act shall be constructed to prohibit the Confederate States, or any of them, from exporting any of articles herein enumerated on their own account. "

By the first and second articles of the regulation it is provided that vessels belonging to private parties shall carry one-half the cargo, both outward and inward, on account of the Confederate States.

It has sometimes been supposed that this provision operates as a restriction upon the freedom of action of the States; that if a State acquired, by purchase or charter, the use of one-fourth of a steamer the Confederate States should relinquish an equal proportion of the moiety claimed under the regulations and reduce the share reserved for is use to one-fourth.

This Department does not concur in that opinion. It is held that a vessel engaging in this trade charged one moiety to the Government and has no power while she continues therein, by a sale or another charter, to deprive the Government of the use of that moiety. The exercise of such a power would be incompatible with the design of the act of February 6 and in direct violation of the regulations made in

---------------

* See Seddon to the President, December 10, p. 928.

---------------

