
pursuance thereof. It would be impossible for the Government to secure the use of any portion of a vessel if the owner was permitted thus to alienate it at will. Nor would it be consistent with the equality to be observed among the States in matters of common interest that this should be conceded. The moiety reserved by the Confederate States is for the use and benefit of all the States without distinction. The cotton exported is common property. When sold the product is nearly all clear gain. The supplies brought back in return add little or nothing to the expenditures of the Government and are distributed among the troops of all the States indiscriminately.

But when any part of this moiety is transferred to one State it operates as a relinquishment of the share of each of the others for the benefit of that one. The part thus acquired is then used to supply the troops of that State only, and as these supplies are, nevertheless, paid for by the Confederate States it follows that, besides making this valuable concession, those from whom it is obtained are drawn thereby into an unnecessary expenditure. In other words, in the one case the troops of all the State participate in the benefit and without cost to any; in the other the benefits are confined to the troops of one State, and all the others contribute to the cost and without any reduction being made for the profits on the outward cargo.

Second. "Whether the regulations made under the first section of said act have caused any diminution in the number of vessels engaged in foreign commerce. "

The regulations were adopted on the 7th of March, and the largest number of arrivals occurred in the months of May and June ensuing, during which period forty-three steamers entered the ports of Wilmington and Charleston. The prevalence of yellow fever both in the islands and in our own ports caused a serious interruption to the trade during the summer months; but the abatement of the epidemic has been followed by the immediate return of activity, and from the 1st of November to the 6th of December there have been forty-three arrivals at the ports above named.

It would appear, therefore, that no discouragement has been given to the trade by the regulations.

This conclusion is supported by other evidence. The freight of 5 pence per pound in gold paid by the Government is nearly equal to $3 per pound. So that the freight paid for carrying out 500 bales of cotton for the Government will purchase for the vessel 1,000 bales at the market price, and the great profit realized on these terms is exhibited in the enormous price commanded in the market by shares in all the blockade stocks.

Third. "Whether the said act of Congress and the regulations made under its authority have been beneficial or otherwise in their effect on the success of our arms, and the supply of means necessary for the public defense; also, whether experience has suggested the necessity of the repeal of said act of 6th of February or any modification or amendment of its provisions. "

My impressions are that they have been in the highest degree beneficial. Before the passage of the act vessels were required to devote one-third of their tonnage to the use of the Government, by authority of the War Department. The principle was the same as that of the regulations, and the statistics of the two periods have not been kept separate. The following summary, embracing a period of about twelve months, from the 1st of November, 1863, to the 25th of October, 1864, exhibits the results attained under both. These details are

