
confidence of the people, is strongly in favor of our using the negroes for defense, and emancipating them, if necessary, for that purpose. Can you not yourself write a series of articles in your papers, always urging this point as the true issued, viz, is it better for the negro to fight for us against us? The action of our people on this point will be of more value to us abroad than any diplomacy or treaty making, even if we had the power to treat upon this point. In the absence of the power the President would never consent to open this subject, nor would I consent to be his agent for such a purpose under any circumstances. If the Constitution is not to be our guide I would prefer to see it suppressed by a revolution which should declare a dictatorship during the war, after the manner of ancient Rome, leaving to the future the care of re-establishing formal and regular Government.

I am, with great regard, your old friend and classmate.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

RICHMOND, December 21, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your information the following statement:

In the present emergency, when the resources of the country are so far exhausted, it become a question of paramount importance as to where recruits can be had far our armies, and every effort should be made to fill up our decimated ranks. With this view I would suggest the following plan as affording one field of recruiting not yet resorted to. The only section where men of Southern bird can be raised in large numbers, who sympathize with us and who would join us in this struggle, is Southern California and New Mexico. A considerable number might be raised on the Rio Grande. The only plan for getting those men from Southern California is to send and expedition for the recapture of Arizona. This would open the route into Southern California and enable those who are disposed to join us to do so, and I am confident that one or two brigades of New Mexicans could be raised. As to the number of meant that could probably be raised in Southern California (including the mines), I am governed by the opinion of prominent men from that country, who are well acquainted with the sentiment of the people, such as Judge Terry, Colonel Showalter, and many others, who assert that from 15,000 to 20,000 men could be raised. But I would not put the numbers at more than 10,000 nor less than 5,000, but, including the New Mexican population, I would not think there would be any doubt about raising with certainty 10,000 or 15,000 men. In order to accomplish this it would be necessary to send an expedition of 2,500 men and retake Arizona and, if possible, New Mexico. The troops use for this purpose could be returned to Texas so soon as the forces raised could be organized for holding the Territories. This plan for recruiting when I was in command of Arizona was perfectly feasible, and I know of no reason why it might not be accomplished now.

Another field for recruiting would be Mexico. I know of many Californiasand Arizonians who would not hesitate to join a force to recapture those Territories who would not join the Confederate Army for the war to serve in Louisiana or Arkansas, but who would join for this particular service.

