
Should the Government conclude to make the effort for the double purpose of retaking the Territories and raising a force, the present seems a favorable time for such a move. The Trans-Mississippi Department proportion of cavalry in that department-the number being greatly augmented by the forces brought out of Missouri by General Price-would indicate that the troops could be spared without inconvenience. Should the Government conclude to make such a move as I have indicated, I would suggest that a formidable alliance might be made with the numerous Indian tribes on the route between Missouri and New Mexico. Those Indians now hostile to Texas and continually committing depredations upon the citizens might, in my opinion, be induced to join us in breaking up the overland travel in that route, thus giving us strong assistance and forcing the enemy to use a large force in keeping open this route by which to supply the Territories, and at the same time relieve the frontier of Texas, form the desolating war now waged upon them by these hostile tribes, who are incited and armed by the enemy to rob and murder our citizens.

As to the resources of New Mexico and Arizona and their ability to sustain the forces sent or raised there I have no question. An abundance of wheat, corn, and stock is raised in the country to subsist any force the Government would send there, except, perhaps, the beef, which can be driven from Texas with great ease.

I would suggest that the superiority of the grass in that country does away with the necessity for the amount of corn that would be required for the same force anywhere else.

The plan I have submitted is, in my opinion, the surent means of obtaining any considerable force and one that would increase our army in the Trans-Mississippi Department and enable us to assume the offensive instead of the defensive. I cannot do more, in the brief space of a letter, than call your attention to this important matter and leave for the Government to take such action as it deems best. I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JNO. R. BAYLOR.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 30, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the President. This matter was earnestly commended and pressed on my attention by Colonel Harrison during his recent visit to this city, and, through deference to a request from him as well as due respect to the writer, is submitted to you. I fear no resources for such an enterprise can be now spared and that existing exigencies demand that, if practicable, instead of sending off any forces on a distant expedition on the mere contingency of obtaining recruits, all the trans-Mississippi forces at command should be either brought over to this side or used to create diversion in our favor.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 5, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

It is certainly desirable to secure friendly relations with all the tribes on the borders of the Texas, and to make them auziliary to operations against the enemy on the plains might best relieve the people

61 R R-SERIES IV, VOL III

