
of Texas from their depredations. The treaties made with many of the prairie tribes, if faithfully observed, would in part secure the object suggested within and would facilitate further arrangements. The best means would probably be the employment of a battalion of the Creeks or the Cherekees, accompanied by a competent agent to secure co-operatin of the nomadic tribes. The commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi Department could best judge of the propriety of detaching any portion of his command for the proposed expedition into New Mexico and Arizona. We can here decide if a large force would be requisite that it would be impracticable to spare it. If it be possible to raise in Mexico and in New Mexico and Arizona a number of Southern refugees from California and elsewhere equal to the smallest number named, and who would organize themselves for service with our armies in the field, it would certainly invoke every feasible effort to accomplish such an end. Colonel Harrison thought that could be done and suggested the peculiar capacity of the Hon. Mr. Baylor for the service indicated -that of raising the force and putting it in service.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 6, 1865.

Noted. For inquiry and conference with the Honorable Mr. Baylor.

J. A. S.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 22, 1864.

Hon. S. A. MILLER,

Chairman, &amp;c.:

The resolution of the Senate to which you have called my attention directs that the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to inquire and report what additional legislation (if any) is needed to secure prompt payment of dues to the Army.

The reply of the Quartermaster-General to this resolution correctly refers the retardation of the pay of the Army, in a great degree, to the delay of this Department in satisfying his requisitions. The causes of this delay are also explained by him, but may be made more clear and intelligible by the following statement:

It will be remembered that as a necessary consequence of the change made in the currency the Treasury was left without ready money on the 1st of April last. A new beginning had to be made on that day, and the resources relied upon to meet future demands consisted of so much of the new issues of the Treasury notes as would remain after the exchange of the old, and of the money to arise from the sale of non-taxable bonds. Very little was expected from taxation, as the 4 per cent. bonds and certificates were made receivable in payment of taxes. Nine months have elapsed since the 1st of April, and the current expenditures for that period are moderately stated at $486,000,000. In addition it was estimated by the late Secretary (report of May 2, 1864, p. 4) that the arrear of debt at that date was $75,000,000 making a total of $561,000,000.

The proposition of new issue applicable to the payment of these demands upon the principle stated could not be estimated at more than $200,000,000. From taxation a further sum was expected of about

