
Our corn eaten up, or rather wasted or burnt, our fatting hogs shot down because too fat to drive, I ask, how can we pay our tithing? And yet we are threatened with having our lands sold for taxes. Our scrip for corn, used by the orders of our generals, will not be taken.

Again, there is another thing giving great offense. Two days since a soldier' wife wanted to pay her tax, which was $87. She had a certificate, for $100 for that amount of the old issue which she had deposited. The collector refused to give her the change, even in the old issue. She then offered the collector the certificate of $100 for her tax, which was only $87, and he would not do that. The wife of the poor soldier had to submit to a shave by one then present of 50 cents on the dollar upon her certificate and then borrow $37 to pay her taxes, paying $137 for her tax of $37 only. Is this law? Can it be so? I then protested against it, and I still do. If that is the law of the Confederacy I do not wonder that there are so many men absent from the Army. Once more. How is it that we have certified claims upon our Government, past due ten months, and when we enter the quartermaster's office we see placed up conspicuously in large letters, "No funds"? Some of these said quartermasters [who] four years ago were not worth the clothes upon their backs are now large dealers in lands, negroes, and real estate. I speak of facts. Again. How is it, sir, that many of our brave men who fought with the immortal Taylor at Buena Vista have been sacrificed by drunken officers high in command now in Georgia? This I assert is true.

In conclusion, let me ask you what is to become of the families of our soldiers whose corn has been destroyed? I know of one man, though he has suffered seriously by Wheeler's robbers, he is now, as he has been for three years, selling corn to soldiers' families for $1. 50 per bushel in the old currency; and I do hope and pray that Congress will pass a law that any man or woman who sells corn for morshel and wheat over $3, pork over 20 cents, oats $2, fodder $1. 50 per hundred pounds-if a man, he shall be sent to the front, and if a woman she shall forteit $100 for every bushel sold above $2, and any merchant or trader that shall sell any article above 400 per cent. what that article was worth before the war shall either be sent to the from or pay a fine of ten times its value. Such a law would send thousands of absent soldiers, backi to their commands. I have not put down aught in malice. That you may know who I am and my standing, I refer you to the names found below.

With a sincere desire and prayer to God that your life may be spared for many years,

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

P. A. LAWSON.

References: His Excellency J. E. Brown, Milledgeville, Ga., Hon. E. A. Nisbet, LL. D., Macon, Ga., Hon. R. P. Trippe, Forsythe, Ga., editors Intelligences, Atlanta, Ga.

PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

CHARLOTTE AND SOUTH CAROLINA RAILROAD,

Charlotte, N. C., December 27, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The occupations of Savannah by the Federals as well as Port Royal, with a portion of the Savannah River, place the

