
the Columbia and Augusta Railroad. I have been pleased to hurriedly submit these views as information to you in connection with the resolution which I presume the Governor has forwarded to you, and to offer the ready co-operation of the company to the policy of the Government while

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

WM. JOHNSTON,

President.

P. S. -In the absence of my clerk you will excuse the manner of this.

W. J.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 1, 1865.

Engineer Bureau for consideration and report.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

January 2, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

In consideration of the great exposure of the railroads passing through Branchville, S. C., I think every assistance consistent with other interests should be given by the Government in aid of the direct line of road between Columbia and Hamburg. The details (sixty men) asked for by President Johnston should, in my opinion, be granted at once. Facilities for transporting materials over adjacent railroads should also be extended to the company, and the can best be done by putting them on the same footing as Government freights.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief Engineer Bureau.

[DECEMBER 28, 1864. -For Mallory to Vance and resulting correspondence, in relation to "coals of the steamer Advance," see message of the President, February 3, 1865, p. 1055, post.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Please have inquiry made so as to ascertain the number of men turned over for field service under the operation of General Orders, No. 82, designating the place from which and the officer by whom the men were turned over; to what command they were sent; whether they were subsequently detailed, and, so far as can be ascertained, whether they are now serving in the field. The heads of bureaus from the posts of which these men were drawn can probably furnish you aid in obtaining this information.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, POST-OFFICE DEPT.,

Richmond, December 29, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

The inclosed letter was addressed to General Ewell instead of sending him a list of clerks to be redetailed. He, as will be seen from

