
his indorsement, advises me that my letter should have been sent to the Secretary of War, by whom I was requested to communicate with him.

I respectfully call Your Excellency's attention to the facts disclosed in my letter to General Ewell and to the necessity of some action which will put an end to this anomalous condition of things which is paralyzing the Department for the want of a few men, indispensable on account of their skill and experience, and subjecting the heads of department to the control of military officers of any grade who may have to act on their application for the detail of their own clerks, and subjecting them to the receipt of such suggestions as that contained in the last paragraph of General Ewell's indorsement about the employed of ladies. If he had been well informed on the subject on which his advise is volunteered, he would have known that it would not have been more absurd to propose to appoint ladies to perform the duties of his staff than to propose that they should perform the duties of a number of the officers and clerks of this Department.

I must also say that with the very few men in this Department liable to perform military duty, but who are indispensably necessary to it, no inconsiderable portion of my time for a year past has been spent in asking for details and passes and in repeating these requests every few days or weeks only to have them revoked and then going over the work of obtaining them again. The policy is most injurious to the public service, and is embracing and degrading to the heads of departments who have to submit to it.

With greates respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 2, 1865.

Secretary of War for his perusal as stating matters which have heretofore been embarrassing.

J. D.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CIRCULAR.] CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., December 23, 1864.

Major Gen. J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War the men belonging to the Local Defense Troops and now on detailed duty in this city will assemble to-morrow at 10 a. m. at their respective regimental rendezvous for the purpose of rejoining their commands in the field. A list of the most important, not to exceed one-half of the number from each bureau, will be sent to the headquarters of General R. S. Ewell, in this city, which will be detailed and kept on duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. RIELLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Respectfully submitted to the Postmaster-General.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

