
use all means in your power of promoting the efficiency of the service and the happiness of our people.

I am, dear sir, truly, your friend,

H. W. WALTER.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 28, 1865.

Referred to the Adjutant-General whose attention is specially called to the statements made within, and which are probably more specifically set forth in the inspection reports of this officer.

J. D.

COLUMBIA, S. C., December 29, 1864.

Mr. SEDDON:

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose you two acts of the Legislature of South Carolina. * The exemption act, you perceive, is intended and will have the effect to nullify the existing law of Congress and to forestall any future legislation of Congress looking to citizens of South Carolina for an increase of the Army, except by express permission of the Governor of the State. The slave-labor act is also intended, and has the effect, to prevent the accession of one slave to the Confederate service as a contribution to the public defense. By comparing these two acts with the act of Congress, the general orders, and your instructions, you will at once detect the purpose to contravene Confederate action in the matter. This legislation is an explicit declaration that this State does not intend to contribute another soldier or slave to the public defense, except on such terms as may be dictated by her authorities. The example will speedily be followed by North Carolina and Georgia, the Executives of those States having already assumed the position. Alabama and Mississippi will follow, and it will not now need General Bragg's and General Kemper's military conscription to drive the people and the States to resume their own defense. The folly and wickedness of Governors Brown and Vance, and the Legislature of South Carolina have done that already which military conscription would have effected before March-disintegrated the Confederacy. They have saved the Confederacy the shame of an idiotic suicide. With no enrolling officers, and the reserves in the field, I must do with conscription and its cognates what General Taylor proposed to do to keep Captain Bragg from running away from Bueana Vista- "Colonel Bliss and myself will re-enforce you. " Captain Duffield and myself will try to carry on the recruiting and furnishing labor to the Army. It is a matter of pain to me that the first treason to the Confederate States in the form of law has been perpetrated in South Carolina. I believe it has been thrust on the Legislature by designing knaves, but I have no hope that the Governor will or can administer these laws inane other spirit than that in which they were designed.

Pardon the freedom of an unofficial note.

Most respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON.

---------------

* For inclosure No. 1 (here omitted), see Series I, VOL. XLIV, p. 981.

---------------

