
$5,000,000. This does not include the Trans-Mississippi Department, which will increase it to $7,000,000.

The above information is derived from the requisitions awaiting the action of the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury, and the proposed operations of officers who have not submitted their estimates for the month of December. It is therefore only approximate, but as near as can be ascertained at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Bureau.

WAR DEPARTMENT, NITER AND MINNING BUREAU,

Richmond, December 29, 1864.

Hon. J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the sum of $5,600,000 will be necessary to meet arrearage due by this department.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Bureau.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 30, 1864.

Major Gen. HOWELL COBB:

GENERAL: Permit me to urge your special attention to the enforcement of conscription in your State. I fear that the withdrawal of Colonel Browne for the command of the local brigade, operating now in South Carolina, may cause some relaxation of effort on the part of enrolling officers in your State, since the supervision of them and of the details of the conscript service has, I presume, been for some months past mainly exercised by him. I know that you have many other arduous duties, especially under the present circumstances of the war and its recent ravages in Georgia, but there are really none of such immediate and vital importance as those which minister to the recruitment of our armies. The President takes a special interest on this subject, and shares a belief common with many that considerable numbers of men liable to conscription have not yet been reached by its operation in your State. I hope this may prove correct, and that through your efficient efforts they may be speedily placed, in the field, where they are so much wanted.

I should be pleased to have your views as to the prospects from this quarter, as likewise your counsel as to any other possible mode of recruiting our armies. Soldiers are our greatest necessity. What is your opinion as to the practicability and policy of employing negroes as soldiers; and if to be resorted to, should they be held as slaves, be promised emancipation, or be at once freed? This is a question of the gravest import in every aspect, and the opinions of one whose judgment is so justly valued would be highly appreciated by,

Yours, truly,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

