
Sulphuric acid. -Sulphuric acid chambers are in operation at Charlotte, N. C., with average yield of from 4,000 to 5,000 pounds per month.

Respectfuly submitted.

RICHARD MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Bureau.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES AND MILITARY DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,
Macon, Ga., January 2, 1865.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I acknowledge the receipt of letters from your Department of the 27th of October (No. 1654), and 19th of December last (No. 1965), on the subject of the authority granted by me to Colonel J. A. Glenn to raise a brigade of mounted men for the reserve force of this State. When the letter of the 27th of October was received the original paper was in the hands of Colonel Glenn, and he was immediately called upon to return it to these headquarters. He did not return it, however, until Sherman's army was on the march from Atlanta to this place. At the time I was in the field with the troops. All the papers of my office (in anticipation of an attack on this place) were put up for safety, and the accumulation was such that I have been able only recently to give my attention to those thus laid aside. This will account for the delay in answering your first letter. The second (of the 19th of December) has just reached me. Inclosed you will find the original application of Colonel Glenn, with the indorsement made by my authority. This is the only authority granted by me, and constitutes all my action on the subject, except my refusal to allow my companies or other organizations to go into camp until the minimum number required by law should be reported on the muster-roll, and the additional injuction that none would be permitted to join and company who were liable to conscription, or who were deserters or absentees from other commands. When the movements of Sherman from Atlanta became evident I consented that he should collect his men at Athens, and allowed him a limited number of days to effect it. I have ordered an inspection of the troops assembled at Athens to be had by one of my staff officers on the 16 th of this month, with full instructions for purging the rolls and organizing whatever men may be there into proper commands.

I desire to call your attention to the fact that I had no power to grant any authority beyond what is contained in my indorsement, and that is simply a statement that I will receive such companies of reserves and non-conscripts as may be offered. My object was to get as many men into the service as practicable from that section of the State-particularly that was then in the occupancy of the enemy. I knew Colonel Glenn by reputation as a brave soldier, but was not at the time aware of the proceedings of a court-martial against him, of which I have since heard, and which is of file in your Department. I have endeavored to place before you as succinctly as possible all the facts within my knowledge.

I inclose copies of two letters addressed to Colonel Glenn from this office.

I am, very respectfully yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding.

