
[First indorsement.]

To Adjutant-General for examination and report.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The letter of Major-General Cobb dated January 2, 1865, is in answer to letters to him from this office asking what authority had been given to Jesse A. Glenn to raise a brigade of cavalry from Georgia Reserves. These inquiries were made in accordance with the indorsement of the Honorable Secretary 19th of October, 1864, on papers herewith returned. It appears from Major-General Cobb's report that no authority has been given to Jesse A. Glenn to raise the proposed brigade. A letter from this office was addressed to him October 27, 1864, giving the instructions required by the latter part of the Honorable Secretary's indorsement. Major-General Cobb states that he has ordered a careful inspection and muster of the mounted men raised, to take place 16th of January, 1865.

By order, &amp;c.:

JNO. BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 27, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The late conduct of this officer in breaking up a public meeting of citizens in Georgia, assembled to instruct their representatives, was so unadvised and improper as to make the revocation of any informal authority he may have necessary. So instruct General Cobb.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

GREENBOROUGH, GA., June 27, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: I am satisfied I can raise a brigade of mounted men from the reserves and non-conscripts, if you will grant me authority to raise the brigade. I think I can enlist most of the men in North Georgia, in rear of our army. I respectfully refer you to recommendations in my favor for promotion now in the office of Secretary of War.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

JESSE A. GLENN.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 18, 1864.

Respectfuly referred, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of War for attention.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

