
ber of cases in which oversees have been placed in service between 17th of February, 1864, and 1st of May, 1864, is not believed to be great. The only claim that the owner has is for a ratable proportion of the $500. The service of the overseer were rated at $500, and the measure of the damage is the loss of a part of that sum in the removal of the overseer. I see no just ground for the cancellation of the bonds under the act of 17th of February, 1864.

Very respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[JANUARY 3, 1865. -For Davis to Seddon, in relation to recruiting in North Carolina west of the Blue Ridge, see Series I, VOL. XLVI,

Part II, p. 1005.]

[JANUARY 3, 1865. -For Cooper to Seddon, in regard to the condition of the Army and the probabilities of its being recruited, see Series I, VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 1007.]

MERIDIAN, MISS., January 4, 1865.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: Your appointed me the presiding judge of a military court designed for Major-General Lee's cavalry division, then in this State. Previous to the organization of the court the larger portion of that cavalry had been transferred to the Army of Tennessee. My court was retained by the then commanding general in Mississippi. Since that time there has been devolved upon it the general business of the department. The position is anomalous, and I ask that you give it more definiteness. There is no department court in the department that I know of, and I request that you appoint the court of which I am judge to the duties of that position. (Act May 1, 1863.)

If there is any objection to the granting of this request, of which I am not advised, then I request that the court be appointed for the State of Mississippi under act of February 16, 1864. The public interest cannot be injured by a definite appointment to do what the court is already irregularly performing. It is not without question whether the court under its present status can legally try cases originating in the general operations of the department. Again, consistently with the duties of my position, I desire to remain during the ensuing year in Mississippi to assist, as far as I can, in strengthening the spirits of our people under the deep despondency which has settled upon them since our late reserves. You can hardly magnify their gloomy condition. I solicit your attention to the above requests

Yours, truly,

JAMES PHELAN.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 21, 1865.

Adjutant-General for remarks.

J. D.

