
exceeding one in five of the male slaves between the ages of eighteen and forty-five of one owner, and whether any slaves have been impressed are now in service on a basis of calculation including slaves between the ages of eighteen and forty-five; and if such impressments have been made, by what authority it has been done, and whether the credit directed to be allowed in the impressment of slaves by the provisions of the act of February 17, 1864, has been allowed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 16, 1864.

Major-General KEMPER:

Furnish as complete an answer as possible to this resolution.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
December 19, 1864.

Respectfuly returned, inviting attention to inclosed report. *

J. L. KEMPER,

Major-General.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF VIRGINIA,
December 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In compliace with the inclosed order of the Assistant Secretary of War, dated the 16th instant, I have the honor to, report that the impressment of slaves in Virginia for twelve months's service has been conducted in strict conformity to the inclosed circular letter (marked A)-that is to say, the impressment has been apportioned ratably among all the slave-holders of each county so as to charge each slave-holder with the same proportion of his male slaves between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years capable of performing ordinary labor, but in no case has any one person contributed more than one out of five male slaves between the ages specified. It is true that by an error the impressment was begun in two counties of the State on a basis of calculation which included female slaves within the ages specified, but the error was promptly corrected, and the slaves thus improperly impressed were all released and restored to their owners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

J. L. KEMPER,

Major-General.

A.

CIRCULAR LETTER.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, October -, 1864.

To - -,

Enrolling Officer, - County:

Circular No. 70, from this office, is hereby revoked and the following is the apportionment of slaves to be taken from your county,

* Next, post.

