
these instructions to the generals of reserves the Bureau accompanied them with an order, of which the following is an extract:

SEPTEMBER 30.

GENERALS OF RESERVES:

Respectfully referred * * * to direct the officer of conscription to proceed immediately and with vigor to the completion of the enrollment of the free negroes in the State under your command, between the ages of eighteen and fifty, and to deal with them in accordance with the instructions herein contained.

Enrolling offices will also be instructed to procure from the owner, by contract, as many of the slaves herein from your State as can be obtained thereby, and to make the necessary arrangements to procure the deficit by impressment.

If the Legislature of your State has passed any law for the collection of slaves for military service in the Confederate States, the Bureau desires to be immediately informed of its provisions. It is desired that the within instructions and the regulations that may be prepared by the Bureau or the general commanding, &amp;c., and charged with the business of conscription for their enforcement, will not be published in any newspaper.

Under these orders no returns have yet been made to this Bureau, though repeatedly called for from the generals of reserves.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very respectful, obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

GENERAL ORDERS,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 1.
 Richmond, January 6, 1865.

I. Soldiers furloughed, who fail on their return home to report to the nearest enrolling officer, as required by paragraph II, General Orders, No. 141, 1863, will forfeit their furloughs, be arrested by enrolling officers, and returned to their commands as absentees without leave. Commanding officers will express this requirement and penalty upon the face of all furloughs thus issued.

II. When extensions of leaves or furloughs shall have once been recommended, under paragraph II, General Orders, No. 157, 1863, examining boards will not recommended further extensions, except after a personal examination by one of the Board of the officer or soldier certified to be incapacitated for duty. Where, however, this is practicable, the Board will can on the enrolling officer of the county, who will make the examination in person, or through a subordinate, and report to the Board the facts of the case-all of which will be embodied in the certificates of recommendation.

III. Soldiers incapacitated for active duty in one arm of the service, upon evidence of such disability, may be transferred by the general commanding the army or department to which they belong to that service they prefer and for which they are best fitted. Medical examining boards, before retiring or recommending for discharge disabled soldiers, will consider the degree of their disability, with the view to their transfer under this order.

IV. Persons holding appointments as chaplains and drill-masters in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, or as cadets in the C. S. Army, will report without delay by letter to this office their present assignment to duty, and by what authority they are so assigned. Any future change in their assignment will in like manner be reported by them.

V. Plans for hospital buildings will be submitted, through medical directors, for the approval of the Surgeon-General.

