
KNOXVILLE, January 2, 1864.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON:

You will at once issue an order directing Brigadier-General Ammen to relieve Brigadier-General Boyle in command of the District of Kentucky, on or before the 15th instant, his headquarters to be at Camp Nelson. You will order Brigadier-General Boyle to proceed immediately to this place with his division, leaving a small but sufficient garrison, taking as far as possible from men who cannot take the field, to protect the prominent points in the district. Every available man that can be spared, and who is able to take the field, must be brought with General Boyle.

By command of General Foster:

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

January 2, 1864-2 p.m.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Your telegram with reference to the retention of General Boyle was duly received and the subject referred to the honorable Secretary of War for decision. Not receiving an answer, I feel it due you to tell you that the reasons for the change of commanders in your State remain in full force, and induce me, for the good of my army, to carry out my original intention.

General Boyle's division is absolutely required for service in the field, and he should come to command it. While he remains in Kentucky he will not, as he has failed to do thus far, send forward his regiments in sufficient numbers or with sufficient rapidity. I propose to have his division replaced by the militia of the State in the defense of important posts, and have the honor to request that you have the arms-bearing population of the State enrolled as militia, ready to be called out whenever their services may be required to garrison those posts.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

From General Thomas' journal.

JANUARY 2, 1864.

B. Hendricks (scout) reports that the enemy has thrown up log breast-works on Tunnel Hill and mounted six or eight cannon, 6 and 12 pounders. Cleburne's division, 8,000 strong, is stationed there. Stewart's division, 5,000 strong, between Tunnel Hill and Dalton Jackson's division, 3,000 strong, is camped at about 1 mile from Dalton, on the Spring Place road. Waltham's [Walthall's], Bate's, and Smith's brigades, about 3,500, encamped about 1 mile west of Dalton. Hardee's old corps, commanded by General Smith, is at Resaca; strength not known. Breckinridge's and Hindman's corps are scattered from Rome to Resaca by way of Kingston. Part of Hindman's troops are at Atlanta. These two corps have been moved in that direction during the Christmas holidays. Enemy reported to be strongly fortified at Rome. They are ready to move at any time from Dalton, but don't expect to do so till spring. If attacked they will fall back across the Oostenaula River at Resaca. I heard

