
a few days. This is not to affect the change you have made in the commander of the District of Kentucky. Over 1,000,000 rations will be sent to Big South Fork on first rise.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 15, 1864.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

It is reported that the Dunbar is aground on White Shoals, about 30 miles below Kingston, and it may be that the Paint Rocks is stopping to aid her, as she has not yet arrived at London. I fear the pilots of these boats are not expect; if so, good pilots can be obtained from Colonel Byrd's command at Kingston. My necessities are so great that I am forced to distribute my army to forage, and abandon for the present all idea of active operations. Many thanks for your kind efforts in my behalf.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, January 15, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

As soon as you deem your position secure, order the Forth Corps to return to Chattanooga. They will return the earliest and most practicable route, taking as much time for the march as the condition of the roads, men, and animals may be necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,Strawberry Plains, January 15, 1864.

General SHERIDAN:

General Granger and I will be detained here to meet General Foster to-morrow. On reaching Dandridge you will please assume command of all the troops there and make such disposition as you deem best. General Cox moves to Dandridge with a portion of the Twenty-third Corps, and you will please make such disposition and distribution of the mills as will best enable the whole command to supply itself with meal and flour and prevent anything tending toward clashing between subordinate commanders. General Sturgis is now in front of Dandridge and one brigade of Twenty-third Corps is at Mossy Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, January 15, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

The railroad is now completed to this place and there is a prospect of getting some forage here. I would therefore like to have Elliott's cavalry, now in East Tennessee, moved down to Charleston on the

