
Hiwessee, where he can procure some forage, and with what he can get from here his horses can be kept in condition to demonstrate on the enemy's position at Dalton and completely occupy his attention. As soon as Granger's command can be sent back other movements can be so made as to withdraw the enemy's attention from operations from the direction of Memphis or Vicksburg, should you contemplate making any from either.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASVILLE, January 15, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Can you not order General Paine to the command of a brigade in the front? He is entirely unfit to command a post. General Rousseau will send you by mail some statements of his administration of affairs. If nothing better can be done, I advise that you send a staff officer to investigate fully and report upon his administration, and if then found advisable I will relieve him.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, January 15, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

I do not think it advisable for General Paine to come to the front His rank will entitle him to a division, and if not placed in command according to rank, I should have constant trouble with him. I think it better to have his conduct inquired into and his position fixed according to deserts.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, January 15, 19864.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

There are abundant rations here for one hundred days. You can use, therefore, transportation for forage to the exclusion of rations until the rivers are navigable.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., January 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. Bowers,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

General Crook with his cavalry arrived at this and they are stationed in and around town. Will you please inform me if they are to remain here long. The difficulty of procuring supplies and forage prompts this inquiry. We have been attempting to sully the Fifteenth Corps with with forage from this neighborhood, and

