
Brandon by rail, and the men order to have three days' rations. The men behind say they were going to Chattanooga to re-enforce Johnston; some supposed they were going to Charleston. A negro from Mobile reports our troops landing in the neighborhood and rebel re-enforcements pouring in. He met troops on cars on their way there.

Ector's (I don's know the spelling) brigade remains at Brandon, a provost guard at Jackson, and Jackson's body guard at Clinton. Starke's and Pinson's regiments (of Cosby's old brigade) are near Brownsville, and some detachment, I don't know what, at Raymond. I have no definite information of other troops in front. With Adams still at Liberty and Logan at Gallatin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 15, 1864.

[Colonel J. K. MIZNER:]

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from Major-General Hurlbut, the Seventh Kansas will prepare immediately to go north. Their horses and equipments are ordered to be turned over to your quartermaster for issue. The general commanding wishes you to use them in mounting the rest of your command. Several regiments of cavalry have been ordered from Union City, Tenn., and upon their arrival here a portion of them will be assigned to your command. The Third Illinois has been assigned to a new brigade by order of General W. S. Smith,t he brigade to be commanded by Colonel McCrillis. It will probably be ordered to Collierville in a few days. The general desired you to bring your whole command to La Grang as speedily as possible and fit it for active service. If moving your command into La Grange you will have in view the protection of such points as your are now guarding until the troops and stores shall have all been drawn in. Have you heard any thing from Hurst since his department for Purdy?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLLINS DEPOT, MISS.,

January 15, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President United States:

DEAR SIR: I have but recently arrived from Central Mississippi (near Jackson), and send you this note to give you an item if information that may be of service to the country.

I learned from Major John. S. Mellon, chief commissary at Grenada, Miss., that he was the author of the plan to burn all the steam-boats on the Mississippi River and its tributaries, and that his plan had been approved of by the authorities at Richmond. There is a regularly organized of boats-burners at Memphis, Saint Louis, and other places. The plan of operations is to go on board the steamboats as deck-hands or passengers, and, as soon as opportunity

