
some of Hardee's staff officers say that was their plan. They have ordered all citizens form Dalton's to the rear of their army. Buckner is chief of cavalry and John H. Morgan is to be second in command.

A new division is to be formed to be known as the First Division, Eleventh Corps, commanded by Brigadier General W. T. Ward, organized as follows: First Brigade, Seventieth Indiana, Seventy-eighth Ohio, One hundred and second, One hundred and fifth, and One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois; Second Brigade, Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, Twenty-second Wisconsin, and Nineteenth Michigan. Also a division to be reorganized, which, together with the posts within the District of Nashville, will be commanded by Major General L. H. Rouseau, and assigned to the Twelfth Army Corps, viz: First Brigade, General R. S. Granger, Tenth Tennessee, Thirteenth Wisconsin, Eighteenth Michigan Seventy-third Indiana, One hundred and second Ohio; Second Brigade, General H. P. Van Cleve, Twenty-third Missouri, Thirty-first Wisconsin, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio, Fourth Tennessee; Third Brigade, General J. G. Spears, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Tennessee. The above troops are to remain in their present positions, but are to report through their new headquarters. Provost-marshal-general, Lieutenant Colonel W. M. Miles, reports that from October 19 to December 31, 1863, 7,800 deserters from the rebel army had come within our lines.

TULLAHOMA, January 2, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The names, &amp;c., of men murdered by guerrillas are Newell E. Orcutt, Ninth Independent Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery; John W. Drought, Company H, Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers; George W. Jacobs, Company D, Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers. Wounded, James W. Foley, Ninth Independent Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery. Guerrillas suspected are William Tully and Thomas or Jacob Brown; neither of these men can be found. John Tully a rich citizen, father of William Tully, Thomas Bailey, Philander Whittier, and Newton Whittier have been arrested and are in confinement for aiding and secreting guerrillas. George W. Richardson left here for the neighborhood of Tracy City before your dispatch was received.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, January 2, 1864.

Major-General LOGAN:

Four bridges burned between this place and the intersection of the Alabama and Tennessee Railroad: The Indian Creek bridge, 80 feet long, 8 miles out; Beaver Dam bridge, 7 miles, 200 feet long, trestles 40 feet high, not entirely burned; Limestone bridge, 4 miles farther, 150 feet long, and Caving [?] bridge, 2 miles farther, 75 feet long.

The enemy have one regiment picketing the south bank of the river from Decatur to a point near the mouth of Paint Rock.

I send patrols daily to the front. Will send a party down to Swan Lake to-morrow.

J. I. ALEXANDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

