
is said to be moving toward Knoxville by the main Virginia road. I could send you re-enforcements, but they cannot be subsisted. I think if this is true you had better keep your forces between Longstreet and Thomas. I will telegraph Thomas to make extra exertions to feed you.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 16, 1864-12.30 a. m.

Major-General ThOMAS:

Longstreet is said to be marching toward Knoxville, re-enforced by one division from Ewell's corps, with another expect. I have advised Fostter to keep his between Longstreet and you. Should he be forced back south of the Tennessee it may become necessary for you to re-enforce him from your command. In that case I would fill the place by troops taken Major General W. T. Sheridan's command. Send Foster all the provisions you can. The question of provisions alone may decide the fate of East Tennessee.

GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 16, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

It is impossible to spare Granger or Elliott from East Tennessee until Longstreet is driven out. It may be necessary oven to send addition troops there. I will write you more fully.

Orders are again received directing Crook to report to Kelley. Relieve him at once. Crook's cavalry cannot be forget about Huntsville. It had better, therefore, be ordered to some point where they can get forage.

u. s. grant,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 16, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of 12 m. to-day received. Will send all the provisions I can possible spare without starving my own men. Will in crease number of boats as soon as railroad is in full operation. Have given directions about repairing the Hiwassee and Loudon bridges.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, January 16, 1864.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The steamer Dunbar is aground on White Shoals, 25 miles below Kingston. Think too great draught for the up-river navigation. I earnestly request that you will send a light-draught boat to take off

