
A portion of her, and then allow the Dunbar to return to Chattanooga and the light-draught to bring up what she can. General Grant promised to turn over two light-draught boats to me. Please inform me if he has done so, and what are what are they named.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,Strawberry Plains, January 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication is just at hand. I do not under stand the matter, for I know of no orders directing you to take command, &amp;c. General Parke is at Knoxville. Will be back this a. m. when I will show him your communication. In the mean time your own judgment of military right and wrong will guide you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 16, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Mr. Anderson arrived here last night. I have had a conversation with him in which he has assured me that he has things as far advanced as is possible. I have told Colonel McCallum to call and see you as soon he can get affairs in orders here. He appears to me to be a practical railroad man. Since forwarding my report to you on the prospect of the road, General Halleck has directed that a report be made to him before making any change.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, January 16, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I have just returned from examination of work on bridges from here to Decatur. All south of here will be done of February 1, if weather holds good. Duck River is in Boomer's hands. I put in two spans; he is putting in two more. Have finished all bridges, including the seven north of Duck River to Elk River. No work is being done of Huntsville, and there are four pretty large bridges to build.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN., January 16, 1864.

Captain J. C. CRANE,

Assistant Quartermaster, Nashville:

The Fiftieth Illinois will be at Columbia to-morrow, the Sixty-sixth Illinois the day after. I have two more regiments and one battery ready to start, and would like to send them as soon as possible.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

