
unite with you in such a movement, but I expect soon to be required by General Grant to hasten back to Huntsville, where I left the Army of the Tennessee.

In this department I pay but little attention to guerrillas. They have never attacked any place of note, and are chiefly engaged in harassing their own people, who merit little at our hands. Those will in time beg us to save them from their own irregular soldiery, and even them it will be well to let them continue to suffer the protection of Jeff. Davis-the protection the wolf gives the lamb.

Inasmuch as I must be absent from the department a good deal of my time, I beg you will correspond directly with General McPherson, who has my entire confidence, and whom I clothe with all my power in this part of my command.

I left General Grant about Christmas at Nashville, but he was about starting for Knoxville. He seems to think that Lee, in Virginia, may push the repairs of the Virginia Valley Railroad down to Longstreet, re-enforce him, and make East Tennessee the scene of the next great battle. I left my own troops busy parching up the railroad from Nashville to Decatur and from Decatur to Stevenson, with the view to complete the circuit to that stores could be accumulated along the line of the Tennessee, the base of operations for the next grand campaign. I should much to hear from you as early as the 24th, by which time I hope to be here again.

Your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON,

January 17, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

As fast as new troops are organized they will be sent to the departments where most needed at the time. A general order cannot be given beforehand without interfering with the arrangements of the War Department and the governors of States. Some troops are being raised for a special service, or under promises to be send to a particular corps or command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 17, 1864-1 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Will it be practicable for you to spare General Wilson for a time to come here and get the Cavalry Bureau into order and honesty?

Of course the Department will make on order which will deprive you of the service of such an officer without your full consent, but the necessity for him is very great, and I know of no one else who can perform the duty as well as he. It is question of saving millions of money and rendering the cavalry arm everywhere efficient. You can have again as soon as he gets the machine in good

