
condition of affairs in East Tennessee will prevent the accomplishment of these objects, or at least a part of them, this winter, and that we must soon prepare for a spring campaign. The furloughing of so many troops has greatly reduced our forces in the north, but I hope to send some more to General Banks. There, however, is much difficulty and delay in obtaining transportation by sea. This makes it still more important that the navigation of the Mississippi should be well protected, and the Sherman and Steele should sop operate as to assist General Banks as much as possible. I leave it entirely to your judgment to determine how, and to what extent, such assistance can be rendered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Memphis, Tenn., January 17, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Military Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: Since my arrival here been working with all my might to get cavalry of this district into effective condition. I found in even worse off than the cavalry of Middle Tennessee. The grand aggregate of mounted men reported to General Grierson is 12,417, and aggregate of serviceable horses 7,000, leaving dismounted 5,417. There are absent from this command 1,435 officers and men within this department, and beyond its limits 734, making in all 2,169 absent from duty. Five thousand four hundred and seventeen, less 2,169, equal 3,248, the number of serviceable horses required to complete the mounting of Grierson's command. There are, however, 1,318 horses reported unserviceable, which we are still using, and which will answer for the cavalry or mounted infantry that may be required for garrison and escort duty. Three thousand two hundred and forty-eight, less 1,318, equal 1,930, the number of horses which can be made to answer our immediate necessities. This city will afford nearly that number of horses, and if I cannot procure them from the country when General Sherman is ready to have me more I will, if he approves, seize the whole of them. Nearly all the cavalry in this district needed a great deal of shoeing after their racing about after Forrest, and this we are putting through with all diligence. Commands were greatly scattered, and I am collecting them and organizing them into brigades and division. The command I brought over with me made the march during that severe weather, and yet, by the care bestowed upon it, it kept in first-rate condition. I will endeavor to secure the same care for all the cavalry commands in our division, and with a view to this I have promulgated the inclosed order, * which I think will go far toward accomplishing the desired result. I will ask a summary dealing in the case of all officers reported for habitual neglect of their duties. A few dismissals from service will have a magical upon the officers who are responsible for the killing up the horses of their commands. I inclose a chart, * prepared by the scout Bell, whom you

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

