
may recollect as having come from General Hurlbut through Johnston's army and into our camps at Vicksburg. He is just from Forrest's camp, and gives the result of his own observations and inquires. He thinks that Forrest has about 4,000 effective men,

2,000 or 3,000 conscripts, and twenty-two pieces of artillery. Nearly all of his are north of the Tallahatchie and near the line of the road Memphis to Panola. As soon as I can get our cavalry together and in shape I will attack him, moving rapidly by way of Culahoma to Panola, or if I find he can withdraw across the Tallahatchie I will cross above him, as at Wyatt's or Tobytuby's Ferry, 6 miles lower down. As General Sherman desires me to sweep in down toward Columbus and Meridan, he wishes me to time my movements with those of his infantry, and on this account our delay in preparations is less irksome. I turned the Third Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Murray commanding, loose upon the guerrillas between Duck Ricer and the Cumberland, and I see they have caught Hawkins and some other prisoners. We have also given Colonel Hurt a roving commission with his regiment (the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry), and directed him to "grub up" West Tennessee. I think he will reduce that district to order. i would like to be devoting my whole energy to fitting up all our cavalry for the spring campaign, but I hope to strike a trekking blow with that which I am now getting in hand here.

I can then visit quartermaster and ordnance officers.

Pardon the length of this communication. I trust it will you for perusal.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

January 17, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I would most earnestly request that during our preparations for the movements in contemplation no passes whatever be granted to persons not in the employment of our Government to go south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and I would respectfully suggest that all in intercourse between people living north and those living south of our should be immediately and as perfectly as possible prevented.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Division of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH,Corinth, Miss., January 17, 1864.

[General HURLBUT:]

GENERAL: Immediately upon the receipt of your order (Special Orders, Numbers 11), I caused all the heavy guns and all ordnance stores at this post, with battalion of heavy artillery, to be shipped by rail to Memphis. Since then I have pushed forward quartermaster's and

