HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,January 18, 1864-9 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Brigadier-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: You will move your command to this side the Holston River, bringing of your artillery, ambulances, and trains. General Manson is encamped on south side of the river, not far from the railroad bridge and up the river from the bridge. You will commence the movement early in the morning.

By command of Major-General Parke:

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant Colonel and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,Strawberry Plains, January 18, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with orders received from department headquarters, you will at once order a brigade of your command to proceed to knoxville without delay, there to report to Major-General Foster.

You will order your trains to proceed at once to Knoxville with all sick and wounded.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAM'L WRIGHT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Strawberry Plains, Tenn., Jan. 18, 1864 (Rec'd 19th.)

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report I arrived here from Mossy Creek, with the First Brigade of this division, at 10 o'clock a. m. today. General Cox's dispatch to Colonel Mott, directing that he quietly retire with his brigade and the cavalry in his front from Mossy Creek and fall back to this place, was received at 11.45 o'clock last evening. With as little delay as possible the order was obeyed.

Some time was necessarily required to make disposition of public property, for was not sufficient transportation.

The sick and wounded of my command were brought from New Market in ambulances, except a few wounded men who would not bear transportation by this means. These latter were, as I am informed placed on board a train of cars which went to New Market this morning, and carried to Knoxville. I made every exertion last night, before leaving Mossy Creek, to procure a train for this purpose.

On arriving here I was directed to report to Brigadier-General Willcox, commanding Ninth Corps, for orders. General Willcox instructed me to remain here till further orders.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

