
STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 18, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

I arrived at 6 p. m. Received your dispatch in reference to longstreet being re-enforced and moving on Knoxville. Sheridan's division is here; also Manson;s, of the Twenty-third Corps. Hascall's and Wood's divisions are encamped about 3 miles out. Owing to the condition of the roads the wagons, artillery, and ambulances the infantry. Will have them all moved in early in the morning. The heavy artillery, sick and wounded, and ammunition will be sent to Knoxville to-morrow, and your instructions in reference to concentration of troops, preparations for destroying the bridge will be carried out. General Willich reports that the enemy's cavalry followed him, but did not press him. One brigade of Fourth Corps has been ordered to proceed to Knoxville. Shall I move this corps and the Twenty-third to Knoxville as they arrive here, or wait further orders/

JOHN G. PARKE.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER:

Telegram received. General Parke has not arrived. I have directed General Granger to send the brigade and his train. I have sent out to General Parke. Will there be a train of cars sent for the ammunition and artillery here without horses? I have taken measures to destroy the brigade. General Spears' scouts report cavalry crossing at Dyer's Ferry.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

General Sheridan's advance, General Wagner's brigade, is here. I have suspended the order for General Willcox, for they would block the roads. I have sent an officer to communicate with General Parke, and hold the Ninth Corps ready to move at moment's notice. We have a portion of the Ninth Corps in position on the other side of the river. Officers report that no general action occurred yesterday.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, January 18, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

In the absence of Major-General Grant, you will please give particular attention to the situation of General Foster's army in East Tennessee, and give him all the aid which he may require and you may be able to render.

9 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

