
NASHVILLE, TENN.,

January 18, 1864-11.30 a. m.

C. A. DANA, Esq.,

Washington, D. C.:

I will order General Wilson at once. No more efficient or better appointment could be made for the place.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., January 18, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville:

I would like to know the names of the brigadier ordered to report to you before I can decide whether I want any. If Brigadier-Generals Harker, Kammerling, or Miller are ordered to report to you I would be glad to get them. I would also like to have Brigadier-General Wilson for the cavalry, or Wilder if he has been promoted.

The colonels I have in command of brigades are all efficient men, and I would not care to exchange them for worthless brigadiers.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 18, 1864.

J. B. ANDERSON, Esq.,

SIR: The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad being now completed to this place it is desirable to work the road to its full capacity, now only to accumulate supplies here for a depot from which this army is to be supplies in its advance farther south, but also to supply the Army of the Ohio, now concentrated near Knoxville, east tenn. To supply the Army of the Cumberland, and accumulate a supply in this pace, will require at least thirty-six trains. Yo supply the Army of the Ohio at Knoxville will require twenty-four additional trains, and thirty-six train will be required to follow up this army when the spring campaign commences. In your letter of appointment the Secretary of War authorizes you to make such purchases and arrangements as are necessary to place the railroad in a thoroughly efficient condition. I therefore hope, if you have not already done so, that you will take immediate steps to provide the rolling-stock necessary to operate the three above-mentioned roads to the greatest advantage. You will please inform me, as early as practicable, what number of locomotives and freight cars you now have on hand, and what number have been contracted for, as well as what means you have at command for manufacturing and repairing freight cars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

