HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: It has been reported as coming from deserters that the rebel cavalry intend making a raid upon this side of the Chickamauga for the purpose, among other things, of capturing the Thirteenth Michigan, engaged in cutting saw-logs.

The places now fordable are:

First. The Shallow Ford.

Second. About 300 yards above the crossing of the Chattanooga and Knoxville Railroad.

Third. At the crossing of the main road from Chattanooga to Harrison.

Fourth. The crossing of road leading to Friar's Ford, up the Tennessee River.

The major-general commanding directs that you place strong pickets at each of the fords.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 18, 1864.

Colonel T. R. STANLEY,

Commanding Brigade:

Information brought by rebel deserters says that the rebel cavalry intend making a raid upon this side of the Chickamauga, principally for the purpose of captain the Thirteen Michigan, engaged in cutting saw-longs. Send word to the regiment not to stray over that country, but keep together and be always ready for a fight.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Bellefonte Station, Ala., January 18, 1864.

Captain GEORGE NELSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th A. C.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that on the night of the 16th some 10 or 12 guerrillas came across the river and secreted themselves at the house of a Mrs. McKinney, about 1 1\2 miles south of Bellefonte, where they remained until about 10 o'clock and then proceeded to Bellefonte village and surrounded the house of Leander A. Brigman, first sergeant Company B. First Alabama Cavalry, Captain G. F. Allen commanding, they having learned from Mr. McKinney that sergeant Brigman had come to Bellefonte after deserters from his company and would probably stay at his house in the village his night, an demand his surrender. There were two citizens in the house with Sergeant Brigman. but neither of them were armed. Sergeant Brigman had only his revolver with him. They

