
did not, however, succeed in capturing any one an were obliged to content themselves with stealing two horses, one belonging to Government an the other the private property of Sergeant Brigman, as they were made to believe that I sent a party of my force to capture them. Sergeant Brigman informs me that he knew the following-named persons to have been with the party:

David clark, resides across the river.

Henry McKinney, resides 1 1\2 miles south of Bellefonte, stay principally on the other side of river; his mother harbors and extends guerrillas all information possible.

William Lindsey, resides 4 miles south of Bellefonte; his family harbors bushwhackers.

George Wilson resides 2 1\2 miles from Scottsborough, and between that point and river.

All of these men, sergeant Brigman informs me, are deserters from the rebel army, and stay along the valley on the other side of the river, and could be easily dislodged therefrom by a small force of cavalry scouring that section. He says he is acquainted with the roads and knows their haunts, as well as the men, and could and would, if desired by the general commanding, conduct a proper force of mounted men across the tiber opposite Scottsborough and aid in the capture of such of the parties as may be found, and he thinks he can discover their whereabouts. I think Sergeant Brigman pretty reliable, as he enjoys a good reputation among citizens around here, and General Stanley indorsed his papers authorizing him to come to this point arrest deserters.

The sergeant further informs me that Mrs. Bryant, wife of a guerrilla, resides in bellefonte village, and makes herself busy in furnishing all the news and information of interest to the guerrillas on the other side of the river.

The Bryant, Lindsey, McKinney, and Wilson families are the principal haunts of the bushwhackers on this side of the river, the points from which any and all information obtainable relative to our movements are transmitted to the rebels across the Tennessee. I would respectfully suggest that those several families should be sent across the river to receive the kind care of their protecting husbands and sons in the valley of said mountains. If permission be granted me, i will as soon as I complete my defense, now in progress, place the Tennessee River between them and their present places of abode, and set them beyond the limits of the Federal lines. I believe that justice to the refugees who have south and are now daily seeking protection beneath the broad folds of the Federal banner requires at our hands the carrying out of my suggestion in their behalf by our authorities, that receipts in fully may be given those bushwhackers who have so largely probed upon the families of men loyal to our cause.

The point on the river where the rebels cross in about 4 miles this places and their means of crossing are canoes or dug-outs, which they keep during the day on the opposite shore from us. They have but few of these, and hence cannot cross many men at a time if they had a force of respectable numbers on that side. The river is not fordable at this season, and is some 900 yards wide. We need have no fear of an attack by any heavy force from that side at prevent, but I am using this "sunny time" to prepare my command to defend this place against heavy odds if an occasion should require it. To this end I am building a stockade and rifle-pits in my front, protecting

