
my flanks by log breast-works, and my rear by an abatis easily formed by felling the trees in that direction. But I have not sufficient tools to effect my purpose as rapidly as I desire. I need for immediate use 50 spades, 20 axes, and 20 picks. I also new a quantity of ordnance and ordnance stores to render my command efficient by a full supply of equipments, as will be seen by my report of inspection for January 17, 1864, herewith forwarded. To obtain these several articles I have ordered my assistant regiment quartermaster to proceed to Scottsborough by to-day's train and draw draw them from the proper departments there, I desire him to borrow the spades, axes, and picks from the Pioneer Corps, and to this end you will give him such assistance as you may deem proper to effect his purpose in that behalf.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Regiment,

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Scottsborough, Ala., January 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

REUB. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Twelfth Indiana, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Scottsborough, Ala., January 21, 1864.

Major Johnston will use his discretion in all the premises.

EWING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Corinth, Miss.:

The whole available reeling-stock of the is ordered to be used in removed of stores and troops from Corinth. In withdrawing from the place bring away or destroy all public property, but do no injury to private property. I am satisfied with the progress you are making, and cause every possible facility to be given you. Everything on this side waists on Corinth.

Very respectfully,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

COLLIERVILLE, January 18, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

Lieutenant-Colonel Thornburgh, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, has returned from a scout. Left Mount Pleasant 12 o'clock m.; passed down by Quinn's Mill and reports no enemy. No force this side of Coldwater. Took one prisoner.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Commanding Third Brigade.

