
articles from those mentioned in the permits are being taken out, they will seize the same, and proceed to investigate the case; in any other cases the matters will be left wholly to the Treasury officers.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 19, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

For the special inspection you desire I recommend that you detail temporarily one of the following officers: Lieutenant Colonel E. Night, chief quartermaster Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis; Lieutenant Colonel L. C. Easton. Army of the Cumberland; Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, Fifteenth Army Corps; or, if none of these can be detached for the time necessary, W. G. Le Duc, who is now depot quartermaster at Bridgeport, and who would, perhaps, be better fitted for inspection than for charge of that department. I h ave no officers available here whom I could recommend and detach for the duty.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 19, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

The enemy does not press very hard, probably on account off the roads, which are very bad. I am gathering in all the stores I can, and can stand him out here ten days quite comfortably and for ten days more on horse-flesh if necessary. Your telegram directing me to keep my army between those of Longstreet and Thomas does not, as I understand, mean to evacuate Knoxville. I cannot do that without a direct order.

J. G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 19, 1864.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

SIR: You will take your whole cavalry force, with the exception of two regiments which will be left with General Parke for picket duty, an cross the river to operate in the country between the Little Tennessee, French Broad, and Holston.

One brigade sparsely and all dismounted men to operate along the French Broad, watching and guarding the fords of that river; the dismounted meant o be left in charge of a good officer, to be mounted as soon as horses can be furnished.

With the remainder of the command you will operate against andy mounted force which may attempt to advance from the southward, and also against any body of cavalry which may force its way over the French Broad.

