
The nature of these movements, and time of making them, will depend upon jour discretion. You will take every advantage to furnish yourself with information concerning the movements of the enemy, both for your own benefit and for the information of the general commanding.

The main object of this movement is to keep the enemy as far from the city as possible and to subsist your men and horses.

Another important point to be considered by you is to secure the safety of the foraging parties, which can be done by the force left to wash and guard the fords of the French Broad.

These suggestions are given for your general guidance, but much is left to your own discretion and skill, in which the general commanding has every confidence.

By command of Major-General Foster:

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 19, 1864,

Brigadier General S. S. FRY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command (with the exception of the regiments detailed to work on the roads) to Kingston. After reaching Kingston you will proceed to put that place in a condition for defense. All your artillery will be placed in position and the troops assigned their positions as in case of attack.

You will thrown up entrenchments for the infantry, and construct one two small redoubts in which your artillery can be placed.

All the wagon trains that have come this side of Chitwood's will proceed with your command to Kingston. Order any trains farther back to return to Burnside Point.

Immediately upon your arrival at Kingston you will report to these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,January 19, 1864.

Colonel GARRARD,

Commanding District of the Clinch:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to communicate to you the following information:

On the 17th instant the cavalry corps under General Sturgis had a sharp engagement with the enemy near Dandridge, fighting his cavalry and infantry, and holding his ground till night.

The Twenty-third and Fourth Corps were in the same neighborhood, the entire force being under Major-General Parke, a general movement being in progress, but only the cavalry engaged the enemy. On the 18th our forces fell back to this point without fighting; we fell back at the same time from Mossy Creek. Last night Major-

