
General Foster telegraphed that he had received reliable information of the re-enforcement of Longstreet by one division of Ewell's corps, and the advance of the combined forces by the direct road on Knoxville. General Parke was ordered to send all trains to Knoxville, and to prepare to fall back on that place with his whole force should the enemy advance. General Parke has no information of an advance upon this place this morning. General Spears,w ho is on the Knoxville and Rutledge road at Flat Creek, reported a rumor yesterday that the enemy's cavalry was crossing in force at Dyer's ferry. This has ot been confirmed. General Foster has a report that Morgan is advancing from Dalton in command of cavalry. This place will be held until the enemy threatens seriously, when we will fall back upon Knoxville.

The general commanding desires you to take every precaution to guard trains, and you will keep open the courier-line as long as possible with this place and with Knoxville should this line be interrupted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM'L WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 6. Strawberry Plains, Tenn., January 19, 1864.

The undersigned assumes command of the Ninth Army corps,t o date from January 17, 1864.

Heads of staff departments will remain unchanged, with the following exceptions:

Captain Robert A. Hutchins, U. S., Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general.

Surg. P. A. O'Connell, U. S. Volunteers, acting medical director.

Surg. A. M. Wilder, U. S. Volunteers, acting medical inspector.

Lieutenant L. Curtis Brackett, Twenty-eight Massachusetts Volunteers and Lieutenant William V. Richards, seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, are announced as aides-de-camp on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding.

By command of Brigadier General O. B. Willow:

ROBT. A. HUTCHINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 19, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 5.20 a. m., 20th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Will render General Foster all assistance in my power. Commenced repairing the Chattanooga and Knoxville Railroad to-day. While repairing the road will be able to send Foster three steam-boats, and hope to be able to partially supply his army. Have notified J. B. Anderson that he will b e expected to be prepared to operate the railroad in four weeks from this time. The information I get from the front is that no re-enforcements have gone to Longstreet from Johnston's army, which is encamped

