
around Dalton, at Resaca and Allatoona Hills, on the Etowah, about 40,000 strong, and still very much demoralized. Will forwarded my report on the condition and prospect of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad as soon as I can get a report from Anderson of the number and quality of his locomotives and cars.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, January 19, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Wilson is ordered to Washington in charge of Cavalry Bureau. None of the officer named by your are almond those awaiting assignment. I have asked for Ransom to be sent here. He has always proved himself the best man I have ever had to send on expeditions. He is a live and and of good judgment. He will not, of course, be sent to command Crook's cavalry if you have an officer at the time who gives full satisfaction. I wish you would give me from time to time the information obtained from scouts and deserters; also send me Southern papers when you get them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[From General G. H. Thomas' journal.]

JANUARY 19, 1864.

Statement of B. F. Regiment, captain and acting commissary of subsistence (deserter): I was brigade commissary, Grigsby's brigadier, headquarters of the brigade at Tunnel Hill. The brigade is in Kelly's division. Wheeler's corps. My brigade is composed of the following regiments: First, Second, and Ninth Kentucky, two battalion of Morgan's men, and Allison's squadron. There are 1,511 men in the brigade, and 900 fir for duty. There are two brigades in Kelly's division, grigsby's and Wade's. Wade's brigade will number about as many as Grigsby's. Not certain, but think there are four division in Wheeler's corps, commanded by Kelly, Wharton, martin,a nd Armstrong. Martin's and Armstrong's division are with Longstreet in East Tennessee. Davidson's brigade of Wharton's division is to relieve Grigsby's brigade at Tunnel Hill on the 25th. Polk's brigade of Cleburne's division was ordered to Mobile from Tunnel Hill on the 17th instant. I don's think that Johnston has more than 25,000 troops. After a review about one week before Christmas I heard Colonel Grigsby say he was astonished, for he throughout there was a great many more troops there. The army is very much dispirited; if fact, I think it is demoralized. In my brigade the private talk frequently and boldly about going home; numbers re deserting daily. Leading officers think the contest will be ended by May, 1864; that they will be whipped by that time. Rations are very scarce. The regular ration that I issue is as follows, viz: 125 pounds meal, 33 1\2 pounds bacon, 4 1\2 pounds salt, and 15 pounds rice for 100 rations for one only day. Salt is not issued (usually) with bacon. We have had bacon twice since the Mission Ridge fright. Seventy-five pounds beef and 4 1\2 pounds sugar constitute 100 rations for one day. Commissary supplies all come from below.

