
Suggar is issued in lieu of beef. Flour has been issued twice this month; one hundred pounds constitute 100 rations for one day.

The prospect for getting supplies is getting darker and darker every day. I think that the scarcity of supplies and the depreciation of currency (it being worth 4 cent of the dollar) are doing more to break up the rebellion than anything else. I consider the Southern Confederacy a complete failure.

CHATTANOOGA, January 19, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

I have no objection whatever to General Ransom. My application for Wilson was made before I knew that you had applied for General R. I have efficient colonels commanding cavalry brigades and prefer keeping them to having brigadiers who know nothing about cavalry service. I also prefer efficient colonels to command infantry brigadiers who are of doubtful efficiency. I sent you a very interesting statement to-day. Will send another to-morrow, made by an officer who came in this evening.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 19, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

The following dispatch just received from General Dodge:

PULASKI, January 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A force of mine started from 6 miles west of Florence yesterday. They found one regiment of Roddey's on this side of the Tennessee foraging. All reports of prisoners, scouts, and citizens show Roddey has and is building flats and hiding them in Little Bear Creek, where he now has over twenty; also in Spring and Town Creek, with one near Courtland. He has several in each of these creeks, and has been over two months building them. Roddey has about 1,600 effective men.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

You will direct General Crook to organize and expedition at once of sufficient force, and proceed without delay by the most practicable route and drive Roddey out from where he now is, and destroy all boats and materials he can find that might in any contingency be used the enemy in crossing the Tennessee River.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, January 19, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H., THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Owing to the presence of Longstreet still in East Tennessee it will be impossible to attempt any movement from present positions while he remains. The great number of veteran volunteers now absent and you to be furloughed will be another difficulty in the way of any

