
COLLIERVILLE, January 19, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Creek, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, has returned from scout; reports no enemy this side of Coldwater; about half a mile the other side of Coldwater, at Quinn's Mill, there are about two companies of rebels on picket. He captured 1 soldier and 2 or 3 suspicious character, supposed to be in the contraband trade.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

January 19, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD:

The following telegram has just been received at these headquarters:

POCAHONTAS, January 18, 1864.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS:

Teams cannot go through by land. It is impracticable to go by land with our column yet; possible, via Ripley, in four days; time. Have you fine weather? It is very for marching here.

A. B. KIRKBRIDE,

Third Illinois Cavalry.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Steam-boat Silver Cloud, January 19, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Via Nashville:

DEAR GENERAL: I am now on my return to Memphis, which we shall reach to-morrow, the 20th, and if I find all things as I expect shall start all hands by the 25th. The river is now clear of ice thus far up and we hope to find none this side of Memphis, but the water is from 12 to 20 feet lower than it was at same period last year and therefore to ascend Red River will be impossible. But the other trip will do most for our department and your army; therefore I do not regret it. The guerrillas seem to let the boats pass unmolested, and so long as the as they do we can afford to encourage the people to reoccupy their lands and resume their industrial pursuits. I found General McPherson in fine health; his troops in like condition, only 4 per cent. on the sick report. He has 21,000 effective men, so that he can take with him 10,000 and leave Vicksburg and Natchez, the only points in his district fitter with stationary artillery, safe against any probable ganger. As near as I can ascertain, General Polk's command at Meridian, with Loring at Canton; his division has not over 8,000. Conscripts at Brandon and Enterprise. Forrest has North Mississippi, and not over 2,500 irregular cavalry. Cosby's and Whitfield's brigades are still watching on their old ground from Yazoo City via Brownsville, Canton, Jackson, Brandon, and Port Gibson, a thin line of guard, to prevent intercourse with Vicksburg. Longan's old command, now commanded by Wirt

