
instructions were full and complete on this subject. Sherman was sent with forces sufficient alone to defeat Longstreet, and, notwithstanding the long distance his troops had marched, proposed to go on and carry out my instructions in full. General Burnside was sanguine that no stop would be made by the enemy in the valley. Sherman them proposed to leave any amount of force Burnside thought might be necessary to make his position perfectly secure. He deemed two division ample. These were left, numbering about 11,000 men for duty, besides Elliott's cavalry division of about 3,000 present effective men. All this force is still with Foster. I regretted from the start that Longstreet was permitted to come to a halt in the valley, but was in hopes the judgment of General Burnside would prove correct. General Wilson nd Mr. Dana were both present at the interview between Generals Burnside and Sherman on this subject, and can give all the reasons assigned for the course pursued. My official report will be accompanied by all the dispatches and orders given to Burnside and Sherman, but I write this now more particularly to show that the latter-named officer is in no wise to blame for the existing state of affairs in East Tennessee. I feel no alarm for the safety of East Tennessee, but the presence of Longstreet has been embarrassing in forcing me to keep more troops there than would been otherwise necessary, and in preventing other movements taking place. It has also taxed some of the most loyal people in the United States to support a cause they detest.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 20, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have ordered the cipher operator to give the Washington cipher to Colonel Comstock. The necessity of this I felt whilst in East Tennessee, received dispatch I could no read until I returned. The operator has received that following dispatch from Colonel Stager to Captain Bruch:

LOUISVILLE.

Beckwith must not instruct any one in the cipher. An order will be issued and sent to you on this subject.

I protest against Colonel Stager's interference. I shall be as cautious as he possible can, that improper person do not get the key to official correspondence.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 20, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Knoxville:

I will to Chattanooga, and do all ny power to help you out by pushing forward supplies, and re-enforcements if necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

