HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,Strawberry Plains, January 20, 18684.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions just received from Major-General Foster you will move your command to Sevierville, passing through Knoxville, Tenn.

By command of Major-General Parke:

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General, &amp;c.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

General Spears reports that his scouts and officers sent out cannot find any enemy on the north side of the Holston, and from information regarded as reliable, though indirect, there are none of the enemy save barefooted and sick at New Market and Morristown. All reported to have passed toward and crossed the French Broad. The direction taken after crossing is not known.

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 20, 1864.

General FOSTER:

No reports have been received this morning. The enemy did not follow the rear guard yesterday. Have no evidence that Longstreet has been re-enforced. The Fourth Corps is in camp near the crossing of Flat Creek; a division Twenty-third Corps and five regiments Ninth Corps still on other side of river. Before removing the bridge mentioned these troops must all be withdrawn. Have you any orders for the Fourth Corps and for the other two corps when withdrawn to this side? You know there is no forage here, and your supply of rations will soon be exhausted.

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

January 20, 1864.

Major-General PARKE,

Strawberry Plains:

Order the Fourth Corps to march to Sevierville through this place. Order the troops on the other side of the river to retire to this side. Then take down the bridge, sending as much of the material as possible to this place. Order either the Twenty-third or Ninth Corps* to be ready to follow the Fourth Corps to Severville. The remaining corps will garrison this place, Lenoir's, and Loudon.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

---------------

*The Twenty-third Army Corps so ordered by General Parke.

---------------

