HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, January 20, 1864.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: From information this morning received there is no remaining doubt as to the fact that Longstreet's forces are still in vicinity of Morristown, and no intentions are entertained by him of advancing. The question, then, with us is one purely of forage, and every mile gained now by us in that direction by rapid marching will be so much the less to fight for. You will please, therefore, push as vigorously forward in the general direction of the French Broad as is consistent with the necessary rest and feeding of your men and animals. The divisions of Garrard and Wolford are still crossing and will move up as rapidly as they can. The Fourth Corps (infantry) has been ordered to Sevierville at once, via this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Wayland's, 15 Miles from Knoxville,

January 20, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

COLONEL: I have just heard from General Sturgis that Longstreet is still in the vicinity of Morristown, with no apparent intention of advancing. "The question, then, with us is one purely of forage and and subsistence, and every mile gained now by us in that direction by rapid marching will be so much the less to fight for." You will please, therefore, push as vigorously forward in the general direction of the French Broad as is consistent with the necessary rest and feeding of your men and animals. Garrard and Wolford follow as rapidly as they can. The Fourth Corps has been order to Sevierville, via Knoxville. It will be advisable to hold the fords of the French Broad roads leading from that stream toward Sevierville. More than general directions it is unnecessary to give you. I will overtake you to-morrow at Sevierville. Let me know where you have your headquarters, and any news you may have.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Twelve Miles from Knoxville, January 20, 1864.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Second Brigade encamped here last night. I was compelled to put the battery and First Brigade in camp 4 miles from Knoxville about dark. Captain Lilly sent forward for more horses, stating that his were exhausted. I instructed him to move as far as Sevierville if possible, and there I would have forage collected for him. I also instructed Colonel campbell to leave the battery, with

