
sufficient guard, if it impeded his progress, and push on to where his animals can get forage, which will be near Sevierville. I will go on to Sevierville with the Second Brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

The roads over here are the worst I ever saw. I have ordered Captain Wilson to bring up all the train, subject to your approval.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Cannon's House, Pigeon River, 2 Miles from Sevierville,

January 20, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch is just received. I have been pushing forward as fast as the state of the roads admit. The artillery is behind. Brownlow's regiment I left with Colonel Palmer to-night. I will order him to move in the morning at daylight. I started the mill here and will have enough ground in the morning for one day's rations. I will start the Sevierville mill in the morning, and move with part of the command to the Dutch Bottom as soon as i can get some rations ground out. There is no meat in this section of the country.

I can hear nothing of any rebel force of this side of the river, except small foraging parties. Citizens inform me also that Dandridge is not occupied by the enemy. There is nothing else new. The main difficulty we will that the best mills are n this section, and meat will be almost impossible to procure.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 20, 1864 - 9.45 p. m.

(Received 6.30 a. m., 21st.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just received an order relieving Brigadier-General Crook from duty in this department and ordering him to report to General Kelley. I have no general officers competent for cavalry service, except Generals Elliott and Crook, and if he is ordered away shall be very much embarrassed. Cannot the order be countermanded?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 20, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Scottsborough, Ala.:

Build bridges from Huntsville to Decatur with all dispatch, using your corps for the purpose. If you can impress negroes for cutting wood, ties, &c., do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

