
COWAN, January 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received information form a reliable source that a force of rebel cavalry, supposed to be 200 strong, made their appearance at Tracy City at 5 o'clock a. m. to-day and attacked our post there. I have sent immediately two officers ad 100 men (infantry) with the train to support our force at Tracy City, when necessary.

Respectfully,

JOSEPH M. SUDSBURG,

Colonel, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, January 20, 1864.

Colonel FIELDING HURST,

Commanding Sixth Tennessee Cavalry:

You will relieve the wants of the families of the men of your command, and as soon as possible leave Purdy with your whole command and proceed to Memphis, Tenn., by way of Jackson, crossing the Hatchie at Estenaula, or any other point west of there which in your judgment may be lest. You will scour the country well on your rote and reach Memphis as soon as possible after the 1st of February. You will gather all serviceable stock on your route as heretofore directed, and subsist your command upon the country. Upon your arrival in Memphis you will report with your regiment to the commanding officer, whoever he may be. A command of cavalry is probably now en route for this place from Union City. You will endeavor to communicate with them, but do not delay your march for that purpose.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 20, 1864.

Colonel EDWARD PRINCE,

Commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

You will organize a force of 250 men, with five days' light rations, to proceed north to-morrow, the 21st, at 2 o'clock p. m., by the way of New Castle, and scour the country south of Harchie. You will also endeavor to communicate at Bolivar and Estenaula with the Federal cavalry, which is supposed to be en route to La Grange, instructing them to reach that point as quickly as possible.

Subsist your command, as far as is necessary, upon the country, giving receipts for everything which may be taken. After scouring the country thoroughly as the time will permit, you will return to La Grange, reaching that point by the 26th instant. You will feed your horses well, and keep them in as good condition as possible.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

