HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Memphis, January 20, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,

Via Nashville:

DEAR GENERAL: General McPherson, at Vicksburg, named to me what i had not heard, that General Logan contemplated exchanging corps with him. He also showed me a letter he had written General Cullum in answer to one received, telling him that parties has accused him of a leaning to the secesh. I do think McPherson is too young and active to be kept at a post like Vicksburg, and I will be perfectly willing to approve of a change that would take him to a more active field. Should this transfer be made, I will yield to him, with your consent, the command of the army in the field, retaining the department on the river. As to his leaning to the secesh it is, of course, ridiculous nonsense. The young ladies that he naturally associates with have that leaning, but he has too much character to be served by such influences. I think i can keep up the army in the field to 25,000 men, and yet have enough left to hold the vital points on the Mississippi, as well as to stir up the inland country from time to time, to hold here a respectable force of the enemy, and also give the inhabitants a chance to abandon the Confederacy. I will order Hurlbut to drop from his return the troops detached to Steele, as they are lost to us.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, January 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Corinth, Miss.:

General Sherman returned this evening. On what day do you think you will be through?

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, January 20, 1864 - 8.45 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Corinth, Miss.:

Mr. Goodhue will again be instructed to throw the entire working force of the road to Corinth. Let nothing stand in the way of moving the most valuable part in immediately. When can you send in the Parrott guns?

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, January 20, 1864.

Major-General HURLBUT:

If the superintendent of the road would take off the useless passenger train from Grant Junction to Corinth, and simply run a train to Grand Junction and back with a light engine,such as the General

