HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Big Black, Miss., January 20, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Mount Albon was again visited by a squad of rebels last night, who ran off some negroes and mules. All these parties appear to be led by men in the rebel service, who have their homes on this side of the river. Parties whom I have sent out have examined the river from this post down 6 miles below Baldwin's, without finding their crossing-place. I hope to discover it this week.

Mount Albon, half way between the Mississippi and Big Black, and 4 miles from the nearest troops, connects by roads with all the ferries on the Big Black below the bridge. A regiment of cavalry, or even of infantry, placed there, could so co-operate with my command and the force at Red Bone as to make such raids impracticable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TRAFTON,

La Grange, Tenn.:

The movement north is postponed for the present. Refit your command as rapidly as possible for more important work.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, January 20, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The Secretary of War directs that you report by telegraph the facts and circumstances of the act of Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, in requiring A. C. Breckwith, telegraphic cipher clerk, to impart to him (Colonel Comstock) the secret cipher, intrusted to said Breckwith for use exclusively in your correspondence with the War Department and Headquarters of the Army.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 20, 1864.

General GRANT, Nashville:

The telegraph having reported that Governor Bramlette, of Kentucky, had recommended the raising of State troops for State defense, I sent him the following telegram:

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 20, 1864.

Governor THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,

Louisville, Ky.:

The telegraph announces that you have sent a message to Legislature recommending that troops be raised in Kentucky for State defense. I regret this step, as I consider the precautions I have already taken, and which were explained to you in my dispatch of January 9, amply sufficient to guard against every emergency that may arise from guerrillas and raids within the borders of the State.

