
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 2. Chattanooga, Tenn., January 2, 1864.

The following regulations for the organization of the ambulance corps and the management of the ambulance trains are published for the government of all concerned:

1. The ambulance corps for an army corps shall consist of a captain as commandant, one first lieutenant for each division, one second lieutenants and two sergeants for each brigade, two privates and one driver to each ambulance, and one driver to each medicine and each army wagon.

2. The allowance of ambulances and wagons will be apportioned as follows: Two ambulances to each regiment of cavalry, infantry, and each brigade of artillery reserve; two ambulances to the headquarters of each army corps, and one to each division and brigade headquarters, to remain permanently attached; two army wagons to each division, to be used for the transportation of forage, tools, and materials for repairs to ambulance train; one medicine wagon and two army wagons for transporting medical stores, camp and garrison equipage to brigade headquarters for the brigade hospital.

3. The captain, under the immediate direction of the medical director of the army corps to which the ambulance corps belongs, will be the commander of the ambulance corps and trains. He will be responsible that the ambulances, wagons, horses, harness, &amp;c., are at all times in readiness for service; that the officers and men are properly instructed and attentive to their duties; that the water vessels are kept clean and filled with fresh water, and that the ambulances are not used for any other purpose than that for which they are designed. He will institute a drill in his corps to instruct his men in the proper service of the stretchers, and see that in all cases his men treat the sick and wounded with care and gentleness. Previous to a march he will receive from the medical director of the army corps his orders for the distribution of the ambulances, and for the disposition of the sick and wounded. He will give his personal attention to the removal of the wounded from the field in time of action, going from place to place to ascertain what my be wanted, and to see that his subordinates (for whose conduct he will be responsible) attend faithfully to their duties. He will cause to be placed at suitable points guide-boards, to indicate the routes to the various hospitals, and will see that the ambulances reach their destination. After every battle he will make a report in detail of the operations of his corps to the medical director of the army corps, who will transmit a copy, with such remarks as he many deem proper, to the medical director of this army. He will give his personal attention to the removal of sick when they are sent to the general hospital or to other points. He will make a personal inspection, at least once a month, of everything pertaining to the ambulance corps, a report of which will be made to the medical director of the corps, who will transmit a copy to the medical director of this army. This minute and careful inspection will not supersede the constant supervision which he must exercise at all times over his corps. He will also make a weekly report, according to the prescribed form, to the same officer, who will forward a copy to the medical director of this army.

4. The first lieutenant, under the captain and the medical director of the army corps, will have complete control over the ambulance corps and train of a division. He will be the acting assistant quartermas-

