
The defense of the State can be best made by this army in front.

The organization of militia regiments will affect injuriously the reorganizations.

To provide, however, for the full protection of the State, to allay all fears for the safety of Kentucky, and thus render the raising of militia regiments unnecessary, I will send a division of cavalry into the southeastern part of the State as soon as a movement now in progress shall have been completed, which will be before the 15th of next month.

J. B. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

The division that I shall send is one of those whose horses are broken down. It can be well mounted and reorganized at Camp Nelson.

J. G. FORSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NELSON, KY., January 20, 1864.

(Received War Department 6 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President United States:

Would you give permission for me to come to see you? I am sure no detriment can come to the service from it.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 6. Memphis, January 20, 1864.

I. The commanding officer at Memphis may organize the loyal citizens of Memphis into a brigade of four regiments for home or local defense and may issue to them arms, accouterments, ammunition, and undress uniforms, to be receipted for and security given for their safe return to the proper authorities on the order of the commanding officer of the post.

II. The quartermaster may set apart and dedicate to the use of these regiments as armories or places of rendezvous suitable buildings, such as cotton-sheds, one to each regiment, said buildings to be of those already in the possession of the United States by reason of abandonment by disloyal owners. One to be at or near the navy-yard, tow to be at or near the railroad depot, and the fourth to be at or near Fort Picketing, and the quartermaster may expend any materials now on hand to adapt these buildings to the uses named, viz, armories for the home guards.

III. The troops organized under this order shall be exempt from conscription under department orders (but liable, or course, to the laws of the United States), unless by neglect of duty they render themselves liable to expulsion from their regiment of command. They will take the oath of allegiance required by law and sign a written agreement to do such local guard duty, drills, and defense of the city as may be required of them by the post commander and the brigade commander he may appoint over them, subject to approval of these department headquarters.

