HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,Strawbery Plains, January 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will move your command as soon as the road is clear from troops and trains of the Fourth Army Corps, following that corps to Sevierville, via Knoxville, in accordance with instructions received from Major-General Foster.

General Spears' brigade, East Tennessee troops, has been attached to your command and the commanding officer ordered to report to you until further orders.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

January 21, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

General Parke has directed me to telegraph you he is 3 miles down the road from here. We got all troops, except pickets, over by daylight. The pickets were quickly followed by the rebels, who came with a considerable mounted force and three pieces of artillery, which they opened briskly and kept firing till after 1 p. m. Their sharpshooters command the river shore on this side completely. Their main body has passed up, probably to McKinney's Ford. Two spans of the bridge fell with fire about 10 o'clock. Is it necessary, or even prudent, to leave a detachment in the block-house to guard the bridge now burnt? It will not be safe to send cars by daylight. Will the train be down to-night after the artillery that cannot be moved? It will not be safe to send cars by daylight. Will the train be do new to-night after the artillery that cannot be moved? Cox reports the roads blocked up with wagons ahead of us; mud deep and thick. Just sent your dispatches to Parke.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Road to Sevierville, 10 Miles from Knoxville, January 21, 1864.

General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding:

GENERAL: This is the worst road I ever saw, I believe. I have ordered the officer left in command of the brigade to be mounted, to join us as soon as possible after receiving his horses, unless you give him different orders, and he is instructed to show you his orders from me. Scouts say 5,000 cavalry crossed to this side last night near Dandridge. I do not believe it. Part of my command is now between that place and Sevierville.

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. D. STURGIS.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,January 21, 164 - 4.45 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

GENERAL: At 4 o'clock a column of the enemy's cavalry passed from above toward the Sevierville road; shelled them from my battery

