HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Armstrong's, January 21, 1864 - 8 p.m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

Since writing my former dispatch General Spears has come into camp on my left, having come down from Bryce's Mill by a road parallel to the main Rutledge road. He reports a force of the enemy at Blain's Cross-Roads this morning, which crossed the Holston a little above Strawberry Plains last night. Says they were both cavalry and infantry, and formed a skirmish line near a mile long. He regards his information as reliable. I send their to you, as General Parke is in telegraphic communication with you, as I suppose, and the information can reach him quicker through you, though I suppose he has it from other sources already.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JAMES EVAN'S HOUSE,

South Side French Broad, January 21, 1864.

Colonel W. J. PALMER,

Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

John J. Lindley has just come across the river from near Dandridge and informs me that 500 rebel cavalry were ordered to Muddy Creek to cross at Fain's Island. Mr. Burchfield can inform you as to Lindley's reliability, as he says he knows him, and you will take such measures as in your judgment may be necessary to prevent any move of the kind.

I am, respectfully,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

SEVIERVILLE, TENN.,

January 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

Mr. Burchfield, a citizen living near Dandridge, has just com in, and reports that the rebel cavalry crossed to this side of French Road last night at two places, Fain's Island and Swann's Island. They report their force as 5,000. Mr. Burchfield says he supposes that there were about 1,000 in the party that crossed at Fain's Island, 400 in the other. I have sent scouts out on the Evans road and Muddy Creek road to ascertain. I have also sent Miller's men out to the Dutch Bottom. I regard your note of last night as an intimation that yo desire to see me here before moving farther than this point. I would like to have my command closed up and the artillery here. It is probably no time gained to move so rapidly in their advance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

