
Gap this evening announces General Garrard at Speedwell, and that he will be here to-morrow to take command.

I am satisfied that the enemy is not in force, as it is reported by citizens. I am on the alert.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, January 21, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Mr. W. P. Eddington has just reported at this office from a point 15 miles above Knoxville, at Bowman's Mills, on the north side of French Broad, and 14 miles below Dandridge, 10 miles below Evans' Ford. He makes the following statement:

I learned there that a heavy force of the enemy, consisting of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, has crossed to the south side of French Broad, at Evans' Ford, and was still crossing on yesterday morning. I saw Mr. Parrott, a rebel, but a very reliable man, who had started to go up to Alexander Caldwell's; on his way there he fell in with 7 rebel scouts, who had captured 4 of our men and were returning to their regiment with them. He asked them some questions as to their intentions; they stated that they had thrown a considerable force of their men onto the south side of the French Broad, and that they had a force on each side of the Holston. Mr. Parrott's impression was that the regiment to which these scouts belonged would leave the Dandridge road at Mr. Caldwell's house, and go toward Strawberry Plains.

The general report among the citizens is that Longstreet has been heavily re-enforced by, some say, 30,000 and others 40,000 men, but I could not learn anything definite about it.

Mr. Eddington left Bowman's Mills about 2 p. m. yesterday, and started on his return to this city.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tenn.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 21, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Chattanooga:

Brigadier-General Crook properly belongs to the Department of West Virginia; his services are required there, and the order must be obeyed. General Stoneman has been ordered to General Grant for assignment.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 21, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Major-General GRANT, Nashville:

Until the people of Tennessee by their voluntary act return to the Union, I do not think it prudent to remove the restrictions on trade at any point where trade is not at present permitted.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

