
ter for that portion of the ambulance corps, and will receipt and be responsible for all the property belonging to it. He will have a carpenter, a blacksmith, and a saddler under his control to keep his train in order, and to perform such service as may be required of them at the division field hospital. He will also be provided with a travelling forge. His supplies will be drawn from the nearest depot quartermaster, upon requisitions approved by the captain of his corps and the commander of the army corps to which he is attached. He will exercise a constant supervision over his train, keeping it all times ready for service, and especially before a battle will be careful that everything is in order. He will make reports, upon the forms prescribed, to the captain of the corps every Saturday morning.

5. The second lieutenant will have command of the portion of the ambulance corps for a brigade. The requirements as to care and supervision prescribed for the first lieutenant are equally demanded of him in that portion under his command.

6. The sergeant will conduct the drills, inspections, &amp;c., under the orders and supervision of the commander of the ambulances for a brigade, will enforce the orders he may receive from his superior officers, and will see that the men are attentive to their duties.

7. This corps will be designated, for sergeants, by a green band 1 1/4 inches broad, around the cap, and chevrons of the same material, with the point toward the shoulder, on each arm above the elbow; for privates, by a band the same as for sergeants, around the cap, and a half chevron, of the same material, on each arm above the elbow. The officers and non-commissioned officer will be mounted, the latter armed with revolvers.

8. When on the march one medical officer and one hospital steward will be detailed daily, according to roster, by the brigade surgeon, to accompany the ambulances for a brigade, whose duties will be to attend to the sick and wounded. Men will not be permitted by company officers to fall to the rear to ride in the ambulances, unless they have written permission from a medical officer of their regiment. These orders will be preserved by the medical officer accompanying the train, and at the close of the march be transmitted, with such remarks as he may deem necessary, to the brigade surgeon. These remarks will indicate whether the permission to ride in the ambulances was given for proper cause. No man who is sick or wounded will be denied admission to the ambulances, although he may not have the required permission; the surgeon of the regiment who has neglected to give the permission will be reported at the close of the march by the surgeon with the train to the brigade surgeon. When on a march one-half of the privates will accompany, on foot, the ambulances to which they belong, to render such assistance as may be necessary; the remainder will march in the rear of their respective commands, to conduct to the ambulances such men as may be incapable of taking care of themselves. When the case is of a serious nature, the surgeon of the regiment or his assistant will remain with the man until he can be placed in an ambulance. At all other times the privates will be with their respective trains. The medicine wagons will follow in their proper places, in the rear of the ambulances for a brigade. Upon ordinary marches the ambulances and wagons will follow immediately in the rear of the brigade to which they are assigned, but when a battle is imminent, in the rear

2 RR-VOL XXXII, PT II

