
their instructions directly from the Secretary of War, these instructions should not be interfered with except under very extraordinary circumstances, which should be immediately reported.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

P. S. - Colonel Stager is the confidential agent of the Secretary of War, and directs all telegraphic matters under his orders.

H. W. H.

CHATTANOOGA, January 22, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Knoxville:

Facilities will be given you of getting supplies, either by transferring boats to your quartermaster or having them use for your benefit. Move forward and attack Longstreet as soon as you can, and it more troops are required send to me for them.

Do you not think it practicable to collect Willcox's forces and move them by Jonesville to Abingdon? If they could destroy the road from Abingdon to Saltwille it would be worth taking a great risk.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 22, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

General Sturgis, who is, with all the cavalry, opposite Dandridge, reports the roads almost impassable and the forage nearly gone this side of Sevierville. The facts, and the pressure of the enemy, has forced me to order the Fourth Corps to march to protect the railroad, Loudon, and Kingston. The Twenty-third Corps will be placed in town, with the Ninth in supporting distance. The enemy presses vigorously, and is about 7 miles from town. Our drovers have cowardly abandoned their droves, one of which - 300 cattle - has already been captured. There is danger that a drove of 200 hogs will also fall into their hands, although I have sent active parties to endeavor to save it. I am now satisfied that Longstreet has been considerably re-enforced, but not large enough, I think, to warrant his renewing the siege of this place.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 22, 1864.

Brigadier General S. S. FRY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to instruct yo to proceed to Kingston, as directed in the first place, instead of coming to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. GOURAUD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

