
NEAR SEVIERVILLE,

January 22, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

General FOSTER,

Commanding, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I inclose information received from General Elliott and Colonel McCook. There is no doubt but these reports are exaggerated, yet I think the infantry ought to be hurried on.

If the infantry get up to Sevierville, then we can turn upon Wheeler in case he cross the Little Tennessee; otherwise, we might find ourselves between two forces, with as bad roads as I ever saw.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Sevierville, Tenn., January 21, 1864 - 8.30 p.m.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Chief of Cavalry, Army of the Ohio:

CAPTAIN: I have report from Colonel McCook, near Jim Evans' Ford, 3 1/2 to 4 miles from Dandridge. He says Union citizens from other side report that the whole rebel army has moved down to Strawberry Plains, through Mossy Creek, cavalry and all. Has seen no enemy yet; don't think they have a force on this side; could not get his artillery as far as his camp to-night.

Wolford reached here about 7.30. I have sent him on the Wilsonville and Newport road. He will not be able to get more than 2 miles out to-night; to-morrow, probably to Fair Garden.

I have heard nothing from Garrard's division; will send him orders to picket the fords of the French Broad below Jim Evans' Ford with one brigade, and with the remainder of his division to join Wolford's division, massing the whole cavalry force between Dandridge and Fair Garden.

The roads are very bad, our trains scattered along the road; many horses have entirely given out, and many will soon give out. the past four weeks, and particularly the past four days, has been trying to men and animals.

We are running all the mills we can control.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

JANUARY 22, 1864 - 7 a. m.

P. S. - Nothing ne has occurred since writing the above.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Jim Evans' House, January 21, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received the general's note about half an hour since. I had previously sent him a communication containing all the information

