
JAMES EVANS' FORD, TENN.,

January 22, 1864.

Colonel W. J. PALMER,

Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

The colonel commanding directs that you be ready to move at daylight to-morrow, and that you leave your picket at Fain's Island until further orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Memoranda.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Fair Garden, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

A negro sent to Dandridge by Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, brings the following information from one of the most respectable citizens of that place:

First. Longstreet's whole force is three divisions of infantry and one corps of cavalry. Has not been re-enforced by Ewell's or any other corps or forces. Colonel Palmer thinks Ransom's division has re-enforced Longstreet.

Second. There is no infantry this side of Morristown. Small force of cavalry, 500 to 600, in and around Dandridge. This is Dibrell's brigade of Armstrong 's division, which is encamped 1 1/2 miles from Dandridge on Knoxville road. Saw our forces across river and sent their train back.

Third. They have placed strong picket at the mill on this (north) side, opposite Fain's Island Ford, 1 mile below Dandridge.

Fourth. Knows of no rebels on south side of river above Dandridge. Bulk or rebel cavalry went toward Strawberry Plains on Wednesday; counted the cavalry; amounted to 1,900.

Fifth. Rebels think Colonel Palmer's cavalry on south side river, but believe the majority of Federal cavalry have gone to Knoxville. Sixth. It is his impression the rebels have fallen back from Strawberry Plains. They had massed their forces on Sunday last with twenty-five pieces of artillery.

Seventh. The rebel cavalry took nine pieces through town toward Strawberry Plains. Can hear of no rebels on this side of the river or on Muddy Creek or above.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Ohio:

SIR: In response to verbal inquiries made this morning by the general commanding in regard to the condition of my command, the tested capacity of the country to supply grain and forage, and the advisability of putting the troops for a time in cantonments to enable us to send our animals to the rear, I have the honor to report.

First. That the men of my command are now tolerably well clothed. As to food, they have had nearly full rations of fresh beef, about one-third rations of breadstuffs, and since the siege of Knoxville have had scarcely andy of the small rations - coffee, sugar, &amp;c. The

