HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Dept. and Army of the Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have re-enlisted and sent home thirteen regiments of infantry and four batteries. When they begin to return, two regiments and one battery more will go. This includes all the veterans in my command.

Everything move along quietly. One of my scouts from Rome, Ga., reports Johnston at Dalton, eight regiments of cavalry of Martin's division at Rome, three steam-boats on Coosa River plying between Greensport and Rome.

Colonel Johnson with 800 men is in Colbert Reserve, probably foraging. It I can get together 400 or 500 mounted men I will send after him.

Roddey has about 1,600 effective men scattered from Decatur to Big Bear Creek and in Russellville valley. Two thousand good cavalry, or less, could clean out all that country. My portion of railroad will be finished by the 1st of February. Duck River bridge goes very slow; Boomer is at work on it.

General Cook's cavalry division has returned to Huntsville band Mooresville.

With three or four regiments I have no doubt when the veterans return it will make my force large enough for two divisions; there are now six batteries in it.

I think I shall have no trouble in holding my lines and protecting everything. I am well stockaded at all bridges, &amp;c.

I have received a very urgent letter from Colonel Rinaker, One-hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry, desiring to join the command. He says he saw you. When the requirements of the service permit, I trust you will see proper to let him join his brigade. His whole regiment, he states, is very anxious to do so.

The Tennessee River is at a good stage. If the obstructions on Colbert Shoals were removed gun-boats could go to Florence and destroy the large number of flats at Little Bear, Cheatham's, and Garner's Ferries.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that as we are here within sticking distance of the enemy, he desires that out strengthen the picket line across the valley to such an extent as will enable it to resist any raid that may be attempted from that direction. He also directs that you have all the transportation belonging to the Eleventh Corps parked in camps here, and that when it is not in use it be kept in the vicinity of the camps of the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

