
PULASKI, TENN., January 22, 1864.

Colonel MIZNER, Columbia:

My forces were 6 miles west of Florence on Tuesday. Johnson was there in the Reserve with about 800 men getting stock, &amp;c. I think they only want food, but they may come this was.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 22, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

The following is a copy of telegram received by Major-General Rousseau from Colonel Mizner:

Fourteen hundred men of Roddey's command, under Johnson and Morgan [Moreland?], crossed the Tennessee between Florence and Clifton on Monday, designing a raid upon railway line and destruction of bridges. I have advised General Dodge at Pulaski I shall watch closely.

H. R. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Post, Columbia, Tenn.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, January 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my scouts left Rome on Sunday last; he went by way of Decatur and Summerville and returned by Tukeytown and Whiteside's. All quiet on south side of Tennessee.

At Rome, in addition to State militia, are the Eighth, Eleventh, and Fourth Texas Cavalry, Seventh Georgia Cavalry, and Biffle's brigade, consisting of Ninth Tennessee Cavalry and Ninth and Twentieth Alabama Infantry (mounted); all belong to Martin's division.

On Coosa River the steam-boats Curtis Peake, Laura Moore, and Albert Bitler ply between Greensport and Rome, transporting corn and meat to the army.

Martin's cavalry connect with Roddey between Courtland and Somerville; Roddey, with Lee, between Russellville and Vincent's Cross-Roads; Lee and Forrest in and about Okolona and Columbus, Miss.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

SHELBYVILLE, January 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Twelfth Corps, Tullahoma:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that Captain Mosely, a guerrilla captain, escaped from custody on the evening of the 19th of January, under, as near as I can ascertain, the following circumstances: For some reason unknown to me Captain Mosely was allowed to go to the house of Mrs. Blackwell, the wife of Captain blackwell, the guerrilla chief, accompanied by a single guard, to stay all night. The guard went to bed and, of course, to sleep, when Captain Mosely took a revolver from under his head, and the horse of a lady friend

