
of the division. Officers connected with the corps must be with the train on the march, observing that no one rides in any of the ambulances except by the authority of the medical officer, and affording every necessary facility for taking care of the sick and wounded.

9. When the brigades composing a division are encamped near each other, the ambulance train will be parked at division headquarters, but otherwise at brigade headquarters. Roll-calls will be held at reveille, retreat, and tattoo, and stable duty at hours fixed by the captain of the corps, at which at least one commissioned officer will be present. During the hour of the stable duty, while the drivers are in attendance upon their animals, the privates will be employed in putting the ambulances to which they belong in order, in filling the water kegs, and in general police duties.

10. When a regimental medical officer requires an ambulance for transporting sick and wounded, he will make requisition upon the commander of ambulances for his brigade, who will comply with the requisition. In all cases when ambulances are used, the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men belonging to them will accompany them; should one ambulance only be required, a non-commissioned officer or private placed in charge, as well as the men belonging to it, will accompany it. The non-commissioned officer or private in charge will report, on his return, to the commander of the brigade train, the use to whim it was applied. The officers of the ambulance corps will see that ambulances are not used for any other purpose than that for which they are designed, viz, the transportation of sick and wounded. In urgent cases only they be used for transporting medical supplies. All officers are expressly forbidden to use them for any other purpose.

11. When a brigade or division is unassigned to an army corps, it shall have an independent ambulance corps and train, arranged upon the same basis as herein prescribed for a brigade or division of an army corps, the details of officers and men to be made by the commander of the brigade or division, and the ambulances, wagons, &amp;c., to be procured in the same way and subjected to the same rules and regulations as are laid down in this order. Regiments unassigned to brigades, at military posts, will be allowed one ambulance.

12. Good, serviceable mules will be used for the ambulances and medicine wagons, and will not be taken for any other purpose, except by orders from these headquarters.

13. If, after the distribution of ambulances under this order, there be any remaining over, they will be turned in to the post quartermaster.

14. No person, except the proper medical officers, or the officers, non-commissioned officers and privates of this corps, will be permitted to take or to accompany sick and wounded to the rear, either on the march or on the field of battle.

15. No officers or men will be selected for this service except those who are active and efficient, and they will be detailed and relieved by corps commanders only, except in the case provided for in paragraph 11 of this order.

16. Commanders of corps, divisions, and brigades are charged with the execution of this order in so far as it relates to their respective commands.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

