
of Mrs. Blackwell, conveniently near, and made off. Several messages have been reported as coming from Captain Mosely since his escape, of an unpleasant nature. During Captain Mosely's stay here he was allowed to a great extent the freedom of the place, and to receive any of his friends or sympathizers who chose to call on him; was never sent to the guard-house of turned over to the commander of the post, but, on the contrary, rather treated as a guest, who was entitled to a guard of honor.

Taking into consideration this man's desperate character, the amount of trouble he has given the United States Authorities, the atrocities of every description committed by him and his men (of which murder was probably the most merciful) upon peaceful citizens, I thought it best to lay before you some of the facts, so that if possible an investigation might be ordered, and the party or parties responsible for his escape brought to punishment.

While this Mosely was a prisoner here (or guest, as you choose to term it) he had every opportunity to find out the strength of the forces at this post, as well as their position, and any other knowledge that might be valuable to an enemy. He was captured by Captain Beardsley's command and was in his charge when he escaped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STURDEVANT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence, Twelfth Corps.

TULLAHOMA, January 22, 1864.

Colonel ROSS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Decherd:

It is reported that Roddey crossed the Tennessee at Florence on Monday with 1,400 men.

General Knipe directs that your command keep on the alert.

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Colgrove.)

NASHVILLE, January 22, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Tullahoma:

Colonel Mizner, commanding at Columbia, telegraphs that 1,400 of Roddey's command crossed the Tennessee near Florence on Monday for the purpose of making a raid upon the railroad.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Corinth, Miss.:

Close Corinth out to-morrow, so as to have everything this side of Big Muddy.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

