
come by the way of Kingston. I shall push the building of the bridge at this place and Loudon. We are quite secure, I think, in all our arrangements. We have 900,000 rations of meat, of which 400,000 are slated; ten days' rations of coffee and sugar, but none of bread.

I shall send all the animals to the rear for forage.

J. G. FORSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,January 23, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: The fog and smoke prevent much being seen this morning, but my impression is that the enemy is withdrawn from my immediate front. I have ordered the line of pickets advanced, and a detachment pushed forward on the Rutledge road to feel for the rebels. If it is found that their camp on last night is evacuated, I propose to push detachments both on the Rutledge and Spring Valley roads some miles, unless the commanding general otherwise directs. It any cavalry can be obtained to assist in this, it will help materially, as the communication with infantry detachment on different roads is extremely slow. Some shots were heard early this morning in direction of Boyd's Ferry.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,January 23, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: A detachment of the Ninth Corps, sent by General Ferrero, has gone 4 miles on Rutledge road and report no enemy. A detachment of Manson's division, Twenty-third Corps, is on the Spring Valley road, progressing in like manner.

The rebel cavalry is reported by the citizens to be Martin's division, and General Ferrero reports the citizens as saying that they dropped remarks which indicate that their movement was a diversion to cover a retreat of Longstreet's infantry through the mountains. This is not in any very reliable shape, but may be worth something. The rebels also inquired at various places whether our army had had a fight with their cavalry below and whether their meant had taken Loudon, indicating an expectation that their cavalry were doing something in that direction. I send these reports for what they may be worth. I have ordered the parties out to go as far as Lee's Mill and learn definitely in regard to the cattle which were there.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

