HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Sevierville, January 23, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: I am informed by General Potter that the destination of the infantry is charged. This makes a radical change in my opinion as to the propriety of our attempting to occupy this valley with cavalry. If I guard all the fords of the Holston River my force will be too much weakened for successful resistance. If I do not, and attempt to hold the Dutch and Irish Bottoms (which I must do), infantry will be sent against us and the cavalry will cross in our rear, and I fear we may be placed in a very delicate situation. If the object is simply to subsist (and that is my understanding of your intentions), I am firmly of opinion that a portion of the cavalry ought to occupy the Little Tennessee country, and the remainder be sent away at once for organization and equipping; otherwise, spring will find us totally without cavalry.

With the present status of the army I think you cannot act too soon. Palmer and McCook are taking a good many wagons and prisoners, but the enemy will not be long in getting into position to put an end to this and take the offensive.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 23, 1864.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow sends information that there are no rebel forces near Maryville, the report to that effect arising from the crossing of the river by about twenty guerrillas i a flat.

The Fourth Army Corps, Major General G. Granger commanding, has been ordered to take position, extending from Kingston, Tenn., to the crossing of the river by the Clinton and Maryville road, guarding the ford, and with its outposts extending to Maryville.

In case of your being driven back by the enemy, either cavalry or infantry, you will fall back with your force upon our troops at Maryville, operating on the flanks of any force advancing on Knoxville.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CUTRIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 23, 1864.

Brigadier General S. D. STRUGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to acknowledge receipt by him of your dispatch announcing the capture of train of the enemy by Colonel McCook, and to express

