
have information that Walker [?] is on the move against the road. The information I have is that such is his intention. My scout from below reports a new brigade of cavalry at Okolona (Armstrong's); also, that Roddey, passed south of Tupelo in direction of Okolona last Wednesday. This is the first I have heard of him. I repeat, I shall push everything right through.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, January 23, 1864.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Bridge was finished about 9 a. m. Since then I have sent off give trains, and move to-night in addition all dismounted men, camp all garrison equipage, of First Alabama Cavalry to La Grange. All quartermaster's stores are gone; fifteen cars (commissary) still to be moved, and four cars of ordnance collected by ordnance officer. I send to-night an immense train of refugees. Shall have at least another train of them. With eight more trains I can land in Memphis with everything. Could have been there to-night but for break in the road. Can load just as fast as trains arrive. Everything right to hand to be loaded. Scout just from Okolona this evening. Enemy moving everything west. Roddey is reported at mouth of Buttahatchie. He certainly has moved a part of his command south from river. I learn this form half dozen different sources. I have thoroughly destroyed the line of work on north side of railroad. Shall destroy the remainder before I leave.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 12. Knoxville, Tenn., January 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel O. E. Babcock, is hereby announced as acting chief engineer of this department. He will have entire charge of all matters relating to positions, defenses, bridges, &amp;c., and will issue all necessary order in the name of the major-general commanding the department.

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 23. January 23, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. Inasmuch as the Ninth Army Corps is so few in numbers, and in the position at present assigned to it has so many roads and fords to guard, the Fourth Army Corps, Major General G. Granger commanding, will take position as heretofore assigned it by Special Orders, No. 22, paragraph 18, current series, but extending on the east as far

