
pursued beyond the limits of the State of Tennessee, it is necessary to have a commander physically able for the task.

Troops started from Chattanooga with three days' rations in haversacks will be able to make the trop to Loudon, drawing the balance of their supplies from the country. Receipts should be given in all cases where supplies are taken from loyal persons to enable them to get their pay in accordance with existing orders.

I wish it impress this fact: If further re-enforcements are send from here to East Tennessee, Longstreet is to be driven beyond the reach of doing further harm in this State. Troops enough should beset to secure this result.

Should taking such a force weaken Chattanooga dangerously, I will order such force from Logan's command to their place as will secure it.

In drawing troops from Chattanooga it would not be necessary to wait the arrival of their substitutes. The fact of their being on the way wold be sufficient. I would advise that immediate attention be given to preparations for moving troops, so that they may be got off, if required, on the shortest possible notice.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 24, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of tree 2nd is received; also one without date ordering an advance. I have telegraphed the results of the past week's movements. the whole force is now distributed to their positions to obtain forage and thereat which men and animals so much need. The roads are very bad, and after a rain will become impassable. the animals are in a very bad condition. Very little of the artillery can be taken forward at this time on a march. the bread thus far received from Chattanooga has not amounted to one-tenth of the rations. We now have only enough for the hospitals. I make the above representation in justice to the men, who have already suffered much, and would earnestly urge that they be allowed some weeks to rest.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

There will be a train of 2,000 horses and mules, with as many wagons as the mules can draw, leave here in three or four days for Camp Nelson vis Chitwood's. The horses and mules are sent to the rear on account of not having forage for them. The train will take with it some 200 or 300 poor people form this place who would have to be supported by the Government during the winter, should they remain here. You will send a proper amount of forage for this taring to Chitwood's, also, 2,000 rations for the poor who are with the train.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

