
commanded by Major-General Stanley, now guarding the railroad between Bridgeport and Whiteside's; but as this will involve considerations of transportation and the movements of other troops, of which it is not my province to judge, I have deemed it proper to make no change until I can be informed of the views of the major-general commanding the department concerning it. Further, it may be necessary that General Stanley's division should be relieved immediately. If this is the case, Ward's division will not be able to relieve it.

For the information of the major-general commanding I report that the aggregate for duty, by return dated January 18, of the three divisions Eleventh Corps, in Lookout Valley, is 4,835.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 24, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, Lookout Valley:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date. As there is not time to wait for the division commanded by Brigadier-General Ward, the major-general commanding the department says that it will be necessary to make immediate preparations for the change directed in Special Orders, No. 23, current series, and what cavalry you have at your disposal be stationed at Bridgeport to watch and give timely information of the movements of the enemy. Instructions have already been given to have Ward's old brigade move to the front as soon as they can be spared from their present stations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: In compliance with the directions contained in the inclosed order, the major-general commanding directs that your order the Third Division of the Eleventh Corps to be in readiness to move at an early hour to-morrow morning in the direction of Whiteside's. Shellmound, and Bridgeport, to occupy and garrison those posts and guard the line of communication from Bridgeport to this point, relieving General Stanley's division. A more detailed statement of the stations and garrisons will be furnished you for the information of the officer commanding the division to-night.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

