
[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 23. Chattanooga, January 23, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XVIII. The First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Major General D. S. Stanley commanding, will leave its present position and take up a new one on the line of the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad between Chickamauga River and Charleston.

Major General Joseph Hooker, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, will make such dispositions of the Eleventh Army Corps as will, in addition to that portion of the railroad now guarded by it, cover that which will be vacated by General Stanley's division.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the division heretofore ordered to be in readiness leave their camps here early to-morrow morning, and march the brigade strongest in numbers to the south side of the Tennessee River opposite Bridgeport, the brigade next strongest to Whiteside's, the one of the lest numbers to shellmound, relieving at each of those points a brigade of General Stanley's troops.

The instructions which have been given to the troops now on duty at these posts will be, until others are issued, adopted for the government of the troops of your command.

Orders will hereafter be given to the Eleventh Corps artillery, and if it is possible to horse two batteries they will be made to take positions along the line.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 24, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chattanooga:

General Foster has relieved me from duty in this department, and ordered me to report in person to General Thomas.

My escort and baggage wagon, by advice of Colonel Long, I send via Morganton and Athens to Clahoun, to move from there as you may direct. I will go by rail and boat to Chattanooga.

W. L. ELLIOTT, Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

