HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 24, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Bridgeport:

The major-general commanding desires you will move up your division as early as possible, that the reconstruction of the railroad may not be delayed.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[From General G. H. Thomas' journal.]

JANUARY 24.

Deserters from the enemy, who have come into our lines within a few days, agree in their statements that Jonhston is sending troops south by railroad. It was generally understood Mobile was their destination. Parties of the enemy's cavalry have made their appearance in the nightborhood of Harrison's for a day or two past.

Colonel William P. Boone, commanding Twenty-eighth Kentucky (Mounted) Infantry, reports the result of this expedition to Dirt Town as follows:

Started from Rosseville on the 21st instant, with 220 men and 11 officers of the Twenty-eighth Kentucky (mounted) and 211 men and 4 officers of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry; total, 446. Moved through McLemore's Cove to a point between blue Bird and dug Gaps, 25 miles south of Chattanooga. On the 22nd crossed Lookout Mountain at its intersection with Pigeon Mountain, and passed through Broomtown Valley to Summerville, thence across Taylor's Ridge to Dirt town, and thence about 8 miles in the direction of Dalton to the camp of Colonel Culberson, commanding home guards, where some 300 of that officer's men were routed, the camp destroyed, with a considerable number of arms and other property, but the main body of the enemy escape in the direction of Dalton, where the Confederate forces were strongly posted. We captured one Government wagon, which was afterward burned; 15 prisoners, among whom one Captain Hubbard. There were no casualties.

First Division, Fourth Corps, Major General D. S. Stanley commanding, ordered to take position north of Chattanooga, between Chickamauga Depot and Hiwassee River. General Hooker instructed to relieve him at Bridgeport with the Eleventh Corps. Ward's division of the Eleventh Corps ordered to the front from Nashville. Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, chief of cavalry, relieved from temporary duty with the Army of the Ohio and ordered to report to General Thomas.

CHATTANOOGA, January 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Scottsborough, Ala.:

General Sherman is collecting a force at Vicksburg with which to move eastward. That force he expected to have assembled by this day (the 24th), and will move as soon as possible, say by the 28th or 30th. It will be necessary for General Thomas and yourself to keep up a threatened advance on Rome, with a view of retaining on this front as large a force of the enemy as possible. General thomas has his directions. You will push the work on your pontoon bridge with all dispatch. Collect such force as can be spared from the railroad

