
road, leaving that guarded, however, and cross the river. From there use any cavalry or mounted infantry you may have in reconnoitering to the front, collecting information, a knowledge of the roads, &amp;c. It is not expected to move forward at this time, but the movements of the enemy might change this. By a full interchange of information obtained by General Thomas and yourself, and each reporting what you have to me, an advance can be ordered if it should prove necessary. Should General Thomas inform you at any time that he is going to make a reconnaissance to the front and ask you to move in the co-operation, do so without awaiting further orders from these headquarters. Report the fact, however.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, January 24, 1864.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The special order assigning a third division to Twelfth Corps was sent to yourself, General Hooker, and General Rousseau.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN.,

January 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Five thousand. Roddey has a portion of his force down at Colbert Reserve, foraging. I have picked up what mounted men I could, and they will attack him Tuesday. They will be at Florence to-morrow night. I don't think he has over 600 or 800. I had 200 mounted men in Florence Tuesday, and that was about the force he had.

He is obliged to get his entire living on this side of the river, and no doubt that is his purpose in coming over.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN.,

January 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,

Athens:

I have no different orders. Colonel Mizner sent report to me, but you were 6 miles west of Florence at the time. No troops have passed through here that accompanied General Smith. I do not think that Johnson has over 600 men, and guess by this time he is thinking of getting back. The troops from here will move promptly.

On your return pick up sleek stock and cattle.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

