
LEXINGTON, KY., January 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Camp Nelson:

The following has just been received:

FLEMINSGBURG, KY., January 23, 1864.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON:

A very reliable man here says as he passed West Libery he saw a party of rebels; learned that they intended a raid down here under the rebel Jenkins.

JOHN F. JAMS,

Major Fifth Battalion O. V. C.

By command of Major-General Foster:

W. P ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND

Numbers 14. Chattanooga, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

I. Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant Adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, having been relieved from duty at the headquarters of this department at Nashville, and ordered to report for duty tot he headquarters Department of the Ohio, all business of the department heretofore addressed to him will hereafter be sent to these headquarters, except such as is provided for by paragraph 2 of this order.

II. 1332rig. General R. S. Granger, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the post of Nashville, Tenn., is designated as the military commander of that city, and will discharge the duties appertaining to that position as defined by the War Department.

He had also authority to grant leaves of absence to officers in hospital at Nashville, upon surgeon's certificate that a change of location is necessary to save life or prevent permanent disability.

III. Lieutenant William L. Porter, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant James K. Reynolds, Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting aides-de-camp,a re announced as acting assistant adjutants-general at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Numbers 24. Knoxville, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

I. * * * 4. All the artillery, draft, and other Government animals, and all the wagons of the Twenty-third Army Corps and of the several regiments, batteries, and detachments of every description whatever, stationed in and about Knoxville, Tenn., with the exceptions hereinafter enumerated, will be at once turned over to the quartermaster's department at that place. The exceptions are as follows:

First. The detachment of cavalry on duty as couriers at department headquarters, not to exceed 20 men.

