
Jersey Infantry Volunteers. Two batteries will be assigned form those serving in the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, and Company D, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY.., January 25, 1864-7.40 p. m.

(Received 9.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I left Chattanooga 6.30 p. m. yesterday. General Thomas has full instructions to go in person to Foster's aid if necessary, and, in case he does, not to leave until Longstreet is driven form Tennessee. I go on to-night to Saint Louis. Will keep up telegraphic communication with my command, and should thomas go into East Tennessee I will go immediately to Chattanooga. Thomas will be ready to move his troops at once, should the emergency arise.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 25, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to send you the inclosed copy of letter* from General-in-Chief to him, relating to affairs in East Tennessee and other points touching the security of our position and future operations,a nd to say that you will relax no energy and spare no exertions in your preparations for moving a force into East Tennessee, sufficient with that now under Foster to give battle to and feat and drive Longstreet out of the State, no matter what news, short of the retreat of the enemy, you may have from Foster.

Also to invite your attention to that part of the letter of the General-in-Chief where he speaks of the defenses of Chattanooga. He says that you will push forward these defenses to completion with all possible vigor. Further, to say that he goes to Saint louis to-day, but will be back this week; and any order, should an order be necessary, you may in the mean time desire sent to general Logan with a view to his co-operation with you in contemplated movements I am directed to make on being advised of your wishes.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, January 25, 1864.

General AMMEN:

It is barley possible that communication may by cut off between you and General Foster. If so, exercise your own judgment as to the propriety of ordering the return of trains and droves now on

---------------

*See p. 126.

---------------

