
the way to Knoxville. Kentucky may also be threatened with a cavalry raid. If so, collect all the force you can and all the Governor may be able to turn over to you and meet it. I do not expect such a thing, but Longstreet's present movements render it possible. Communicate to me direct (sending copy to General Foster) any important information you may get of the enemy's movements or steps being taken by you to meet him.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., January 25, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,Nashville, Tenn.:

The following dispatch received from General Foster by telegraph 24th, 11 a. m.:

The enemy has retired, and I am now posting the tired troops in cantonment where they may rest a little before the spring campaign.

The Fourth Corps is ordered to hold Kingston, Loudon, and half of the railroad line to this place, with a brigade at Maryville to collect supplies, &amp;c.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

I will push forward the work on the railroad as rapidly as possible, and also move up Stanley's division to the position between Chickamauga and Hiwassee at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, January 25, 1864.

General U. S. GRANT:

I regret to report that I am still suffering with my wounded leg and unable to take the field. The sooner I obtain relief by an operation the sooner I can return to active duty. Cannot I leave now for this purpose? General Parke will remain in command.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, January 25, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of 3 p. m. on the 24th is received. I have directed General Sturtis to attempt the movement that you suggest, but thus far he has found it impossible to execute it form the opposition met with and the worn-down condition of his horses. I will now urge it again.i have also ordered General Garrard to attempt a raid from Cumberland Gap, but this will be interrupted by the raid the enemy's cavalry is now making on Tazewell. I do not think it practicable at this time to advance in force and attack Longstreet at Morristown.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

