
COLUMBIA, TENN.,

January 3, 1864.

General CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Pulaski:

The news from West Tennessee indicates that Forrest has escaped into Mississippi. I have delayed my departure, hoping to receive definite intelligence. I start now for Savannah. For fear no rations have gone up the river for us, send 4,000 rations if you can, under escort of one good regiment of cavalry, to Savannah. We have no wagons here, or I would take the rations with us. Continue to collect and fit up your command. I will not order you across the Tennessee unless I see an opportunity to strike an effective blow; but hold yourself in readiness.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 3, 1864.

Colonel EDWARD PRINCE,

Commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will organize a force of 300 men of your command, with five days' light rations and a full supply of ammunition, to start at daylight on the morning of January 4, and proceed to Somerville, Tenn., thence scour the country south of the Hatchie with a view of destroying or capturing any armed force which may be in that country. You will give some attention to the country between the Loosahatchie River and the railroad. You will subsist your command on the country as far as necessary, giving receipts for anything which may be taken. Blanks for this purpose are here with inclosed, and they will be indorsed not transferable. You will report your whereabouts and progress from time to time by courier to the nearest telegraph station, thence by telegraph to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, January 4, 1864.

General FOSTER:

On yesterday a week ago about 100 wagons passed from near Warrensburg in the direction of Warm Springs, accompanied by about a brigade of infantry. About same time a good many passed toward Warm Springs from mouth of Nola Chucky. I have ordered Colonel Palmer with his command to cross the French Broad, and go up that stream as far as may be necessary to gain further information as to the movements of the enemy and his wagon trains.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

