
present, with the force under your command, and also upon the probability of its being undertaken with greater likelihood of success at a later season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, January 25, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

(Received 26th.)

Major-General GRANT:

I will issue the orders for the Fifteenth Pennsylvania and the Tenth Ohio Cavalry. Colonel Palmer, with the Fifteenth, is now in the front engaged with the enemy and is valuable form his superior knowledge of the country, the roads, and location of supplies. This regiment can illy be spared at this time, but will nevertheless be sent as soon as practicable, in obedience to the order.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 25, 1864-7.30 p. m.

General GRANGER:

The enemy is reported moving in a direction which, if the information prove true, will necessitate an immediate movement on our part; therefore retain all regiments about to go home, and be ready for orders to start on a 100-mile march.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Sevierville, January 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Private W. S. Keene, Company I, Ninth Georgia Infantry, who deserted the rebel service on Friday, 22nd instant,at mount of Nola Chucky River, states taht he was on detail guarding corn then being hauled form south side of French Broad River; that General Longstreet's command consists of twelve brigades, in all numbering between 12,000 and 15,000. Hood's division (five brigades) is encamped about 1 mile northeast of Morristown toward the Holston River. McLaws' division (five brigades) is encamped on railroad 4 miles form morristown, near Russellville. Gracie's and Bushrod Johnson's brigades, commanded by the latter, are encamped a short distance sought of morristown. He also states that, while at his colonel's quarters early on Friday morning, he heard him read an order from General Longstreet directing the entire command to be ready to march on Saturday morning (23rd January), the men to be provided with three days' cooked rations; that all details were to be ordered in from mills, &amp;c., and that men would not be excused form marching for the want of shoes or the lack of cloth-

