
ing, the impression among the troops being that there would be a general engagement near Strawberry Plains or that they would march into Kentucky.

General Jenkins, of the rebel army, has ordered his men ot exchange their clothes for that of our prisoners. I have this information form undoubted authority,a nd the deserter Keene to-day corroborates it. I have therefore given the inclosed instructions* to my provost-marshal.

This man also states that General Longstreet was on the field at Dandridge on the 17th instant, with four brigades of infantry, and the balance of his army was on the march, McLaws' division being still one day's march from the filed the day of the fight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CANNON'S HOUSE, TENN., Three miles from Sevierville, January 25, 1864.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that you detail two regiments of your brigade to proceed, in accordance whit orders form General Sturgis, to Fowler's, on the Flat Creek road.

* * * * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Camp Beatty (Maryville, Tenn.) January 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that two brigades of this division arrived here and went into camp on January 24. Four pieces and three caissons of the battery attached to this division are likewise in camp here. The officer in command was unable to move the full battery for want of horses.

The camping ground for the troops is good; water and wood hardly; quantity sufficient. The country within 10 to 12 miles in rather destitute of breadstuff and forage, troops in larger or smaller bodies having been stationed here since November last.

According tot he estimates of J. Sanderson, provost-marshal of this county, and of other well-informed men, the country between the rivers will supply this command hardly for thirty days, General Hazen being also obliged to procure part of his subsistence from the same country.

I am preparing means to cross the Little Tennessee and will procure the necessaries from the country on the other side of it, and at the same time take care of the guerrillas that infest the mountains. To accomplish these objects effectually I stand in need of some more cavalry and additional transportation. I also should be able to at-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

