
tach some cavalry to General Hazen's command. If the detachments detailed form Colonel Klein's command are ordered back the cavalry will be strong enough for above purposes.

As to transportation, I would respectfully ask that your order a part of the transportation belonging to the other division to join me and be at my disposal for the time being. General Sheridan, being on the railroad, will not require so many wagons as I do here. The rainy season is near on hand, then the roads will become literally impassable. I shall then be in a perfect isolated position; must consequently procure all provisions and forage within reach before the rain, and with it the muddy roads, sets in. with the addition of cavalry asked for and some more transportation, I feel confident to be able to accumulate a good stock of supplies.

General Hazen, with the Second Brigade, had reached Lenoir's, as ordered. He has reported to you direct; a repetition, therefore, is unnecessary.

In conclusion, let me call the attention of the general commanidng once more to the veteran volunteer regiments. I have still two regiments anxiously awaiting furloughs, the Fifteenth Wisconsin and the Thirty-second Indiana, my own old regiment. The men should go at once; a speedy furlough was the great inducement to them to re-enlist; besides, other regiments get back into their respective States and absorb the young men willing to join the army. I respectfully call the immediate attention of the general commanding to this matter.

I shall establish a courier line between this command and General Hazen; it is between maryville and Lenoir's.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. WILLICH,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, January 25, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,Bridgeport:

Wait for the arrival of the troops of the Eleventh Corps before you move. Leave your company at Jasper for as short time longer. Have you teams for your batteries, and cannot they march? If not, you had best leave them.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, January 25, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,Lookout Valley:

Send troops to relieve General Stanley as soon as possible. The major-general commanding desired him to come up as soon as possible.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

