HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., January 25, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am credibly informed that the rebels are placing batteries of artillery from De Soto front to Ship Island, say form 25 to 40 miles below here. I take the liberty of suggesting that a gunboat patrol this region until the fleet passes.

S. A. HULBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, January 25, 1864.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Your official letter of 22nd instant did not reach me till to-day's train. I have telegraphed for train to bring my troops, but can get no answer from Mr. Goodhue. I am all ready for trains. I send in my transportation by wagon road under escort of two regiments of infantry form here ot save time; they will get to Memphis day after to-morrow; that is the best I can do. Will come in myself to-morrow.

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 25, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Grand Division of Mississippi:

A refugee from Alabama, having escaped out of the Confederate lines, after some imprisonment in the military prison at Mobile for my uncompromising attachment to the Union cause and opposition to the rebel Government, I feel it my duty, and therefore take the liberty of giving you, as commander of that branch of the Federal Army which in all probability will, in the next campaign, enter Georgia and Alabama, some information and suggestions, which, I think, if carried out, will result in great benefit to the Union cause and inflict an irreparable injury to the rebellion-an injury which in its practical benefits will be of more value than success to the Federal Army in a pitched battle.

The city of Selma, situated on the Alabama River about 50 miles below Montgomery, has lately become the focus form which the rebel Government receives its war supplies. There is now located there a large and extensive arsenal, which supplies small-arms of every description; a naval foundry, machine-shops, and rolling-mills, which supplies the Army of Georgia and Mississippi with cannon of all sizes, and Charleston now is defended by shot and shell from this place; a powder-mill, wagon manufactory, and harness establishments. All these various works are supplied ahead coke,c coal, and iron from the coal and iron mines situated in Shelby and Jackson counties by the Alabama and Tennessee Railroad, which wa intended to connect Selma with Dalton, Ga., but is now only finished

