
3,500 or 4,000 men, outside of citizens, who will not fight. At Selma there is a company of boys and old men doing provost duty.

Take, general, my information and suggestions for what they are worth, examine them, and if of any importance to you and any good can be accomplished thereby to the Union cause, I will be pleased and gratified.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES Q. SMITH,

Numbers 32 Cedar Street, Nashville.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 20. Nashville, Tenn., January 25, 1864.

1. Brigadier General William Vandever, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Des Moines, Iowa, and there report to His Excellency the Governor of that State for duty in assisting to organize the new regiments being there recruited, and especially in the superintending of the reorganization and returning to their respective commands in this military division the re-enlisted or veteran regiments of said State as are or may be on furlough immediately on the expiration of their respective furloughs.

It is desired that he particularly impress upon His Excellency the Governor of the State of Iowa the absolute necessity and importance of the immediate and prompt return to the field of the veteran regiments of that State as soon and as fast as their furloughs expire, for our weakness from the great numbers of he old regiments that have veteranized and gone home is seriously felt and little is expected to be accomplished until they return.

He is authorized in the name of the general commanding to detail such staff officers form Iowa regiments belonging to this command, now on furlough, as he may require to facilitate him in the discharge of the duties hereby assigned to him.

The quartermaster's department will furnish him any transportation he may require necessary for the full and complete execution of this order.

He will report in writing from time to time his progress in the execution of this order, and upon the full execution of the same will report in person tot these headquarters.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 13. Knoxville, Tenn., january 25, 1864.

Surtg. H. S. Hewit, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, is hereby assigned to duty as medical direction, Department of the Ohio. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

