
OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENN., Knoxville, January 26, 1864.

John. D. Reeve, E. S. Miller, and E. Johnson, who live at Johnson's Depot, and left home on the 15th instant, and F. Little, of same place, who left home on the 17th instant, make the following statement:

There was in Jonesborough, at their latest accounts, a small force of from 75 to 100 men. The body of Longstreet's army was between Russellville and Morristown, with headquarters at the former place. The whole force number from 25,000 to 30,000. Cars are now running as far as Carter's Depot, though the rebels have a force of from 300 to 400 repairing the railroad, and they except to run trains down to Jonesborough by the 1st of February. The rebels are receiving no supplies at all except those drawn from the country. Are running no wagon trains to the rear. Longstreet has received no reenforcements but a body estimated variously at from 600 to 1,500, which passed down through Johnson's Depot on the 13th. Very many of the rebels have been receiving furloughs, probably as many as 10 percent. of the whole number, and are now absent. It is thought that more men have been sent home in this manner than have been re=-enforcements.

An officer was heard to say at Johnson's Depot (a lieutenant) that, owing to the scarcity of clothing and supplies and the amount of sickness, not more that two-thirds of the army were for duty.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

NEW YORK CITY, January 26, 1864,

(Received 11.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Are such portions of the Ninth Army Corps as are now in the State of Kentucky to remain there, subject to orders to report to headquarters of the Ninth Corps for special service? I understand that all the regiments in the corps that are entitled to re-enlist have done so. Is it understood that these old regiments who have not been in service long enough to re-enlist are to be ordered out with the other regiments? There are but two or three, and I learn they wound gladly avail themselves of the opportunity.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Biggs, who is encamped at Mooresville taking care of convalescent horses, reports that the enemy, supposed to be part of Roddey's command, crossed the river and attacked Attens at day-light this morning, capturing part of a regiment of General Dodge's force stationed there. No particulars given.

General Smith, commanding force here, has sent an infantry force to support Colonel Biggs in case he is attacked. Colonel Miller, with his expedition, has gone in direction of Florence. I desired him to

