
be particular to watch his left flank and let no enemy get between him and the river; also, that when he arrived at Athens to get in communication with General Dodge and make his moments accordingly. I have not heard from him since he started.

Respectfully,

GEO. CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 26, 1864.

Major-General SCHURZ,Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: It being understood taht no more stores are to be landed at Kelley's Ferry, and deeming the force at that post, not of this command, sufficient to perform all the duty that will be required there, the major-general commanding directs that the regiment form your command now there be ordered to rejoin its command.

Notice will be given you to-morrow morning which camp it is desired that they will occupy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Colonel Mizner, at Columbia, telegraphs that the enemy, with four regiments and a battery, have taken Athens and are moving this way. His scouts encountered 10 mounted rebels 5 miles out this morning.

Lieutenant-Colonel Brott, at Fort Donelson, telegraphs that he has reliable information that Forrest has crossed the Tennessee above Florence with a large force to make a raid upon the North-western Railroad.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout valley, Tenn., January 26, 1864.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The Third Division. Eleventh Corps, left her yesterday under orders form the department to take positions at Whiteside's, Shellmound,a nd opposite to Bridgeport, to protect our communications with the last-named place. One brigade is directed to occupy the above-named points and such outposts in their vicinity as may be necessary. The force is a very small one for this service, and I desire you to visit each of them and have the troops apportioned and instructed in such manner as will best promote the object. If artillery can bet be used to advantage at either place have Major Rey-

