
nolds informed, that he may order it accordingly. But one battery of the Eleventh Corps had horses; the others, if used, will require to remain in position without them. The Second Kentucky Cavalry is also ordered to take post at Bridgeport. It is a small regiment, and can only be employed in patrolling to a limited extent and in throwing out a few advanced pickets to give timely notice of the approach of the enemy from any direction.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 11TH ARMY CORPS, Near Bridgeport, Ala., January 26, 1864.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff, Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to the letter of Lieutenant Oliver, just received, I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place, south bank of the Tennessee River, opposite Bridgeport, at 12 o'clock m. to-day, and the troops have gone into camp. The Forty-fifth New York Volunteers occupy the hill near the river, about 300 yards above the bridge. The Sixty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry occupy the work near the railroad, about 200 yards from the bridge. The One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers are encamped on the west side of the railroad near the bridge-head. The Second Kentucky Cavalry arrived this morning, and are encamped near and in advance of the Forty-fifth and One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers.

Upon arriving here I found that the troops formerly occupying the ground had marched, leaving no one to give me any information whatever or to point out important points, the lines, &c. However, I disposed of my force to what I considered the best advantage, and my picket line is the same as that of the troops formerly occupying this place.

The field reports of the infantry regiments this evening show an aggregate of 1,414 enlisted men present, of whom about 1,100 are effective. Of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, about 213 men and 150 horses are effective. I have ordered a cavalry force to patrol the Raccoon Mountain to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

HORACE BOUGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WHITE'S STATION, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

I have the following just now from major Yorke, at Collierville:

The enemy is moving in force on the Macon road toward Memphis. Everything indicates an advance on three roads-Macon, and two on this side of the river.

G. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

