
third Army Corps. No objection to General Foster, but I fear that if he does not attend soon to his wounded leg it will be too late, and he is now entirely unfit for field duty.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 27, 1864-7.50 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Saint louis, Mo.:

Your telegram of this date to General Halleck has just been received. According to your request General Schofield is assigned to the command of the Department of the Ohio and General Foster relieved. General Stoneman is assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps. The official orders will be transmitted to-morrow, the General-in-Chief having gone to his residence in the country this evening.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 27, 1864-7.40 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Saint Louis:

Some apprehension being expressed that the armies in the West may be too much weakened by sending home the regiments that have re-enlisted, it may be well to suggest that this Department leaves it to the discretion of the commanidng general what proportion of troops shall be furloughed at any one time. You will, therefore, give instructions that will prevent the armies under your command from being reduced beyond what you consider safe. Pray let me hear how you find your son's health.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, January 27, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: The commanding general is each day receiving numerous communications form the loyal inhabitants of Eastern Tennessee, complaining that the troops are robbing them of all their means of subsistence. The general commanding is obliged to refer corps commanders again to the importance of protecting these unfortunate people as far as they can, and directs that their officers take prompt measures to guard against this evil. Officers impressing forage and subsistence must see that enough is left the citizens to prevent their suffering during the coming winter. Corps commanders will be held responsible for the enforcement of this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Gordon Granger.)

