HEADQUARTERS, Sevierville, January 27, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Colonel McCOOK,Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: There is a road leading from Yett's around your right by McMahon's to this place. It is probably 1 1\2 miles across to it. I have requested Colonel Palmer to send a picket ot McMahon's, but it will be well to watch the movements in that direction, and if necessary detach a small force to watch and guard it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Dickey's House, January 27, 1864.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the cumberland:

COLONEL: You will move your division to the support of Colonels Wolford and Garrard at precisely 5 o'clock in the morning. Colonels Wolford and Garrard have been ordered to attack as soon as you come up.

By command of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH,Cumberland Gap, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In addition to what I reported on the 25th instant, I have the honor to state that Colonel Kise, commanding forces at Tazewell, and whom I had authorized, upon his informing me per telegraph that "after consulting with his field officers he believed he should move his forces immediately in the direction of Powell's River", to exercise his own discretion, fell back to Powell's River bridge (on the road leading from here ot Tazewell) yesterday morning, believing the enemy near him in force. However, up to this morning no enemy is known to have been near Tazewell.

While I am writing this, Colonel Kise telegraphs that his scouts report the enemy's pickets within 1 1\2 miles this side of Tazewell.

At Ball's Bridge, Va., 12 miles up the valley, the Third Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps, is stationed.

My scouts were near Mulberry Gap three days ago; citizens represented Jones having passed there with a large force of cavalry in the direction of Jonesville, Va., though nothing has been heard of him since.

I consider it my duty to mention that articles of subsistence are decidedly scarce here at this time, the commissary department being nearly exhausted and no commissary stores having left Camp Nelson by the 25th instant for this post, although repeated applications had been made by the commissary of this post to the commissary at

