
at Lamb's and Brown's Ferries,a nd thence proceed to Athens and capture our forces there. We engaged them near Florence, routed them, killing 15, wounding quite a number and taking them prisoners, among them 3 commissioned officers; our loss, 10 wounded. Prisoners report Corinth evacuated and burned.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVIS,Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Thomas directs a reconnaissance to be made to-morrow toward Ringgold and Dalton by the cavalry now at Rossville, to be supported by two brigades of your command.

Your troops (two brigades) will move at daylight and cross Chickamauga Creek, and if the cavalry have not before that passed halt until they do so, and will then follow at supporting distance.

The men will carry three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition. Will leave here at daylight and join you as soon as possible thereafter.

If you have a battery in condition to march with the column you will take it along. One section is, perhaps, indispensable.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

SCOTTSBOROUGH, January 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Can I get twenty pontoon boats at Bridgeport? It will require that many to complete my bridge. Will notify your when done. I sent six regiments across at Larkin's Landing in boats at 10 last night. They went within 5 miles of Lebanon to-day. The people are panic-stricken and leaving rapidly.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, January 27, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanidng Fifteenth Army Corps:

It is important that you commence your movement in pursuance of previous instructions at once. If you are likely to be delayed on account of lumber for your pontoon bridge send to Chattanooga, where it can be obtained; shall have it rafted down.

Sherman moved on the 25th instant. Communicate freely with General Thomas. Do you return to Scottsborough this evening? If so, I will come out. Please answer.

By order of General Grant:

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General.

