
MEMPHIS, January 27, 1864.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER, La Grange, Tenn.:

Move your command, including First Alabama Cavalry, to Memphis as soon as possible.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, January 27, 1864.

Colonel A. G. BRACKETT, Collierville, Tenn.:

Send patrols form La Grange and Collierville as far as line of Coldwater, and from Germantown to Olive Branch. Report me any information they may obtain, particularly the state of the roads.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN., January 27, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD:

Scouts returned from Coldwater report the roads in very bad condition to Olive Branch, but somewhat better to Quinn's Mill.

Scouts from here brought in a prisoner of the Seventeenth Mississippi. He reports forrest, Chalmers, Richardson, Slemons, and others at Como. McCulloch, with 800 men, at Ferries Bridge, 8 miles south of Byhalia, and Kentucky Faulkner at Ingraham's Mills, and a small force at New Albany, says all troops south of Tallahatchie.

Later reports corroborated by a reliable citizen; patrols of the enemy came ot Coldwater three times a day.

W. P. CALLON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 27, 1864.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis:

SIR: Having just received a communication addressed to me by Lieutenant Colonel w. H. Thurston, assistant inspector-general, by direction of Major-General Hurlbut, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, informing me that by orders received from Major-General Sherman the entire cavalry command is now under my control, I would respectfully request copies of such orders as may now be in force controlling the movements of any portion of the command. Also, that all cavalry officers and men on detached service who can possibly be immediately ordered to duty with their commands. A report of the cavalry not heretofore embraced in General Grierson's command, except the brigade that I brought with me form middle Tennessee, will likewise be necessary to a proper understanding of the command turned over to me by the communication and orders referred to. I hope the hurry incident to your own movement will not render it impracticable for you to comply with these requests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

