
MEMPHIS, TENN., January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

In charge of Cavalry Bureau, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Your favor of the 21st instant is just received. Up to the present time 818 horses have arrived here since Captain Hudson's visit to Saint Louis. I wrote you upon his return several days ago that it would not be necessary to divert shipments to this point which could not reach us before February 1. We shall certainly get off on our contemplated expedition before that time. The number of horses estimated for in this department by its chief quartermaster was 2,000, and this number, including those already sent, will, I think, completely mount all the dismounted calvary of this department. Recruits for cavalry regiments are arriving freely, and this will swell our requisitions for a couple of months to come. I will as far as possible procure horses from the regions of country traversed by our cavalry. The inspector ordered to examine the horses we have just received from you reports them to be a good lot; much better than those heretofore received. I can hardly advise as to the distribution of the horses purchased for our army, as since my assignment to duty as General Grant's chief of cavalry I have not been able to get the estimates form the several departments. These estimates, I am informed, have gone forward to Washington, and I hope the necessary instructions have been sent from the Cavalry Bureau. As soon as the next estimates come in I can advise you. In the mean time I would, in the absence of instructions, take the last estimates as a basis, and send a pro rat allowance to each department if the full requisitions cannot be filled. I inclose you a copy of an order* designed to secure better care for out horses. A few prompt dismissals of unfaithful officers will have a very salutary effect. The quartermaster's department must by some means keep our cavalry better supplied with forage, or no surprise should be indulged in or expressed at the rapid destruction of our animals.

Yours, truly,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavl., Mil. Div. of the Miss.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE, La Grange, Tenn.:

Give the loading and shipment your personal attention. Push everything and everybody. Promptness and speed must be used.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE, La Grange, Tenn.:

The First Brigade (Buckland's) of your division is temporarily detached, by order of Major-General Sherman.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

16 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

---------------

