HDQRS. COMPANY E, SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, La Grange, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

Adjutant Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

SIR: In pursuance of orders from regimental headquarters this day to patrol the orad to Coldwater with 15 men, I proceeded at 10 o'clock this day on the Holly Springs road, 5 miles form this place; discovered 4 rebels to the left of the road near a cotton-gin. They being so far in advance pursuit wa useless. Following the road to Hudson's lane, we discovered about 15 or 20 mounted men to our left and rather to our rear, in line. From the appearance of the tracks in the road in front and to the left of the road we were on I judge that there was a column of near 100 in the immediate vicinity. I was informed that there were 75 at that point yesterday,a nd at the present time 500 men encamped at Coldwater. Thinking it not prudent ot proceed farther, we returned to camp.

The roads are in good condition generally. The information I consider reliable.

Very respectfully,JOHN ETHERIDGE,

Second Lieutenant Company E, Commanding Expedition.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

Colonel A. G. BRACKETT,

Collierville:

Move the Seventh Illinois Cavalry to Germantown as soon as possible.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 17. Chattanooga, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

I. The following organization of the engineer department of the Army of the Cumberland is announced to the army for the information of all concerned:

The department consists of he following branches:

The military engineers of the staff;

The topographical engineers of the staff;

The engineer troops of the line.

The military engineers of the staff of the general commanding consist of the following officers:

Captain William E. Merrill, U. S. Engineers, chief engineer;

First Lieutenant George Burroughs, U. S. Engineers;

First Lieutenant Henry C. Wharton, U. S. Engineers;

First Lieutenant William J. Twining, U. S. Engineers.

The topographical engineers of the department staff are:

Captain William E. Merrill, Engineers, chief;

Captain W. C. Margedant, Tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, superintendent topographical engineer office;

Lieutenant G. A. Bauer, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry.

