
The engineer troops of the line are as follows:

The Pioneer Brigade, commanded by Colonel George P. Buell, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry;

The Engineer Brigade (Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Thirteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-first Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-second Michigan Volunteer Infantry), commanded by Colonel T. R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry;

The Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, commanded by Colonel Innes.

The engineer troops will receive their orders either directly from the general commanding or through the chief engineer. The latter is the official channel for the issue, in the name of the commanding general, of all orders pertaining to engineer operations. All official communications relating to the engineer service will be forwarded to department headquarters through the proper staff officer-the chief engineer. The ordinary returns of the different engineer troops will be forwarded direct to the adjutant-general's office, but the chief engineer may at nay time call for returns, whenever he requires information as to the strength of the various commands.

II. Lieutenant Keller, acting assistant quartermaster, Engineer Brigade, in addition to his other duties, will act as depot engineer quartermaster until such an officer can be appointed. The depot engineer quartermaster will receive orders only from the chief engineer or his assistants. All requisitions from the quartermasters of engineer troops on the depot engineer quartermaster must come through the chief engineer.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 12. Memphis, January 27, 1864.

I. The Memphis and Charleston Railroad will be broken up and the cars, locomotives, and all machinery that would be useful to the Nashville and Decatur Railroad will be sent by steam-boat to Nashville and delivered to the agent of Mr. Anderson, superintendent of the railroads in this military division.

II. Two locomotives and ten box cars will be retained in Memphis for use in supplying the picket station out on the road.

III. The expenses incurred in the execution of this order will come out of the funds now in the hands of the quartermaster of the road; but in case they are insufficient Captain Eddy will provide transportation and funds to complete the change.

IV. General J. D. Webster will superintend the execution of this order, and make nay further directions necessary to carry out its objects with as much celerity as possible, and having completed the business will rejoin the general commanding wherever he may be.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

