SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 31. Memphis, Tenn., January 27, 1864.

* * * *

VI. Brigadier General J. D. Stevenson will report to Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, and will then proceed to Pulaski, Tenn., there to assume command of the portion of the division at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation for self, two servants, and three horses.

* * * *

X-1. Brigadier General R. P. Buckland will assume command of the District of Memphis, including Frot Pilow. He will use his white troops for pickets as far as possible, the colored regiments being held in reserve. The brigade of enrolled militia will be subject to his orders, and armed, equipped, and put on duty where he shall so direct. The entire property of the city of Memphis will be held responsible for the safe-keeping of the arms and good conduct of the enrolled militia.

2. The city of Memphis will be held at all events, and will be destroyed before permitting it to fall into rebel hands.

* * * *

By order of Major General S. A. Harlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 28, 1864-9 a. m.(Received 6.40 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No more veterans are to be furloughed from the Department of the Cumberland except as those now absent return; from the Department of the Ohio not until Longstreet is driven form Tennessee. My son has passed the crisis of his disease, but is so much reduced that it will take mounts to restore him to his strength.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, January 28, 1864-1.24 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major-General Sedgwick telegraphs that two brigades of Ewell's corps have left for Johnston or Longstreet, one on the 20th and one on the 25th. Assistant Adjutant-General Anderson telegraphs from Lexington of an expected raid by Morgan through Stone or Sounding Gap, into Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 28, 1864. (Received 9.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Before leaving Chattanooga I directed one division to move between the Chickamauga and the Hiwassee to cover the river, and to be on

