
the road if it should prove necessary to re-enforce Foster. Thomas was to make a demonstration toward Dalton at the same time. These moves may induce the enemy to re-enforce Johnston, as his army is rapidly dissolving by desertion. I also made arrangements for pushing though to Knoxville as many rations as possible, to support re-enforcements if they should have to go. A cavalry raid in the direction named in your telegraph is almost impossible with the present state of the roads. Fearing it might be attempted, however, I directed General Ammen, before I left Tennessee, to watch closely, and to call the Kentucky forces to meet it if attempted.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

Major General G. GRANGER,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding I have the honor to transmit a copy of a letter addressed to Brigadier General S. P. Carter, provost-marshal-general, relating to the depredations committed by the troops, and to call your immediate and ear mend attention to the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER:

DEAR SIR: You have in one of your orders or addresses to the people of JEast Tennessee urged the farmers to plant large crops and promised protection to them, but at present their existence is threatened by the destruction of their fencing and the taking of their family supplies of provisions; therefore we ask of you to state to us whether we can still ask of you protection for our family supplies. If the army needs all we have let us know and we will leave the country. The soldiers in our neighborhood are robbing smokehouse and taking he corn and seed oats, even when your safeguard is shown; and taking the corn and seed oats, even when your safeguard is shown; and even colonels in command when informed of it say their necessities are of such a character that they are compelled to take them. Deal with us as you please, but let us know the worst.

Respectfully,

G. W. MABREY,

H. S. HEISKELL.

JANUARY 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

What do you hear of an attempted raid by way of Stone or Sounding Gap? What force can you collect to meet such raid if attempted?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

