
cannot be heard from by telegraph. Such report as you require cannot be made, as the re-enlistment is in charge of regimental commanders. Number of men remustered will be given-and as far as possible those re-enlisted-every Tuesday. This army is extended over space of 300 miles, and such reports are impassible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 28, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Chattanooga:

General Grant is authorized by the Secretary of War to relieve Mr. Anderson in the superintendency of military railroads, and desires to do so by the appointment of Colonel McCallum. If he has not returned from Knoxville, can you not hasten him by sending the order directing him to report here, ot Knoxville; and, if so, will you please do it? I am directed to make the necessary orders the moment he is ready to assume the superintendence of the roads.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

PULASKI, TENN., January 28, 1864.

Major KUHN, Athens:

One hundred cavalry have been sent to Athens from Huntsville to remain while Colonel Phillips is absent; also, infantry have been sent to the Junction and Mooresville, and 100 cavalry have gone from Mooresville to Brown's Ferry.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-general.

PULASKI, TENN., January 28, 1864.

Major KUHN, Athens:

It will take two or three days-say next Monday. Do not know what regiments belong to Roddey. Find out. We have Major Burtwell and one or two other officers,a nd about 50 men, who profess to belong to Roddey, or some command south of Tennessee.

Telegraph up list of regiments in Roddey's command.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Huntsville, Ala., January 28, 1864.

Colonel A. O. MILLER,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: General Dodge, commanding a portion of the troops of this department at Pulaski and below, telegraphs me that he is sending (to-day) all his mounted force to clear out Colbert Reserve. He desires me to send troops to the Junction, and also to Brown's Ferry, and to occupy Athens for a few days, while his force is gone. I have ordered two regiments infantry to Mooresville, and would request of you, in General Sherman's name, to instruct Colonel Biggs, as soon as the infantry arrives, to send a portion of his

