
no apprehensions need be felt on that score. Red River and Yazoo tool low to admit of the expeditions to Shreveport, and Grenada, but the season is otherwise favorable. I am satisfied we have troops enough to take Shreveport if we can get up Red River, which the admiral thinks impossible. I will inspect Paducah to-morrow, Columbus next day, then to Memphis. I will make preparations to strike island when the blow will be most effectual. There is no doubt the whole case would be simplified if you had the command of all the Mississippi Valley below Cairo. I think if you were to name the subject to General Halleck that he would order it, for its propriety is better known to him than any other. Admiral Porter's command extends to below New Orleans, and ours should also. All is reported well and quiet below. Should you see cause to call for me at Huntsville or Stevenson, a dispatch sent to me via Cairo would bring me as soon as steamer could carry me.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy sent to Major-General Halleck.)

LA GRANGE, TENN.,

January 4, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

SIR: I had sent Lieutenant-Colonel Trafton at daylight and was awaiting orders with one company. Have dispatched Colonel Trafton to return. The traveling is awful and our horses not well shod; would not have been able to command over 220 men; are shoeing as fast as possible.

Respectfully,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

January 4, 1864.

Colonel PRINCE,

Commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

If the traveling is too severe upon horses, return and await further orders. Answer by telegraph.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

January 4, 1864.

General GRIERSON:

The following from Germantown:

The scout sent out has returned; saw no enemy nor could hear of any in that direction.

CHARLES W. WHITSIT,

Major, Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

