
MEMPHIS, TENN., January 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: Information just received indicates a movement of Forrest's command to Oxford. They have information of our intentions. A deserter says they spoke of a heavy movement from Vicksburg in the direction od Merdian, and an expedition from this point by a large cavalry force in concert with it. I think Forrest will endeavor to cover the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. I will pitch into him wherever I find him. The cavalry from Columbus has not yet reported.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPART., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 34. Washington, January 28, 1864.

I. Major General J. G. Foster is, at his own request, and on account of disability for service in the field arising from wounds, relieved from command of the Department of the Ohio.

II. Major General J. M. Schofield is hereby assigned to the command of the Department of the Ohio.

III. By direction of the President, Major General George Stoneman is assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 14. Knoxville, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

Whereas the command of Major-General Burnside, when it entered East Tennessee, was so poorly supplied with officers of the quartermaster's department that the transactions of that department were necessarily intrusted to inexperienced officers, and conducted in a loose and irregular manner, in many cases no receipts at all being of such a character as to present no proper no claims against the quartermaster's department;

And whereas the command of Major-General Sherman, in its recent advance into East Tennessee, subsisted upon the country, and the officers of the quartermaster's department on duty with this command gave no receipt for property taken;

And whereas a commission has been instituted to investigate the claims arising from the action recited, many of which are held by loyal citizens suffering for the necessaries of life: It is therefore order-

1. That Lieutenant H. S. Chamberlain, Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and acting assistant quartermaster, take charge of and settle, as far as possible, the claims referred to, which have been or may be contracted prior oft the 31st of January, 1864.

2. That Lieutenant H. S. Chamberland, Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry,

