
and acting assistant quartermaster, select for appointment some suitable officer to attend to the settlement of the claims referred to, under his direction.

3. That all officers doing duty in the quartermaster's department in East Tennessee shall, without delay, receipt to Lieutenant H. S. Chamberlain, Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and acting assistant quartermaster, for all the surplus property they may have taken up, or which may accumulate prior to the 31st of January, 1864.

4. That all purchase or impressment of quartermaster's property or stores, except by the orders of the chief quartermaster of the department or of the several army corps, is prohibited.

5. That after all claims are approved by the commission instituted to pass upon irregular accounts, payment shall be made on them so far as the property and stores accumulated by Lieutenant H. S. Chamberlain, under paragraph 3 of this order, will cover them.

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 8. Knoxville, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

Complaints being made daily at department headquarters by loyal inhabitants of East Tennessee that the troops of this command are robbing them of all their means of subsistence, the attention of the division and brigade commanders of this corps is called to General Orders, Nos. 29 and 30, series of 1863, from these headquarters, which still remain in force.

Officers impressing forage or subsistence must see that enough is left the citizens to prevent their suffering during the winter.

Division and brigade commanders will take prompt measures to secure obedience to this order and cause the arrest of any or all officers on men violating it, preferring charges and specifications against them in proper form.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

ED. D. SAUNDERS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 31. Memphis, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The troops of this division will hold themselves in readiness to move in an hour's notice. The horses will be shod with as much dispatch as possible and each man will carry one set of horseshoes, ready fitted, extra, with the nails therefor. The regimental and company blacksmiths will carry with them such tools as are necessary to replace shoes cast, and during halts will be employed in replacing them. No transportation will be allowed except the ambulances and 5 pack-mules to a company.

One hundred rounds of carbine and 30 of pistol ammunition per man will be carried, also ten day's light stations of hard bread, salt, and coffee, and ten day's extra rations of salt, the latter to be drawn

