
on special requisition. Five days' light rations will be carried on the persons of the men, and the other five, with the extra salt and ammunition, will be carried on the pack-mules and in the ambulances.

The artillery will carry a full complement of ammunition in the chests, and care will be taken not to waste it in ineffective firing. The supply of pack-saddles will be equally distributed and the deficiency to be supplied from any condemned saddles that may be on hand or can be procured.

The ambulances will be organized into brigade trains, under the immediate control of surgeons-in-chief of brigades, the whole to be under the supervision of Major J. N. Niglas, surgeon-in-chief of the division.

All transportation and equipage not needed upon the expedition will be immediately turned over to the brigade quartermasters and shipped to Memphis. The transportation to be turned over to the depot quartermaster, and the camp and garrison equipage to be stored.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Schofield will go at once to Knoxville. I prefer Foster should remain until he arrives.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 29, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Knoxville:

Your telegrams of the 24th and 27th,* relating to the position and movements of the enemy and the situation and condition of your own forces, are received. While you may deem it impracticable to immediately assume the offensive against Longstreet, keep at least far out toward him active parties to watch his movements and impede any advance he may make by positive resistance. Exert every possible energy in getting up supplies from Chattanooga, and collecting them in from the country, that you may be prepared at any moment on receipt of orders for offensive operations.

The enemy must be driven out of East Tennessee, so let your preparations be immediate and with a view to that end.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, January 29, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch 28th, 10.30, received. General Stanley's division is now between Chickamauga and Hiwasee. Colonel McCullum is at

---------------

*See Part I, p. 130.

---------------

