
Knoxville, looking into the condition of the railroad, which I will push forward as rapidly as possible. I have just made a demonstration toward Dalton and find affairs unchanged, except the brigades which are supposed to have gone to Mobile. I will push matters forwarded as fast as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, January 29, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

I telegraphed yesterday to Major-General Foster to know what he knew of the enemy's movements. He has not answered me yet, but the last news from him was that Longstreet was falling back. I expect Colonel McCallum back to-morrow. He can probably give me some news. I sent and expedition to Dirt Town last Friday and captured a home-guard camp and could learn was that troops had been sent off the Mobile. Major-General Palmer has just returned from Ringgold. He reports that he encountered the enemy's pickets and drove them into Tunnel Hill without difficulty. I am trying to get up forage enough for a ten-days' expedition, and if successful will make a strong demonstration on Dalton and Resaca, unless Longstreet's movements compel me to go to East Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 29, 1864-11 p. m.(Received 7.40 a. m., 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have heard for the last week that Johnston's troops are going to Mobile. Several persons direct from Atlanta, combing here by different routes, report that they saw troops pass through there for Mobile last Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and that they expect to have a fight there. Is there any probability of it? I would like to know. I might be able to create a diversion in our favor.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 29, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General GRANGER:

Brigadier-General Willich has made representation concerning the destitute condition of the loyal people in the vicinity of Marryville, which, if true, will require your immediate attention. You had better go to Maryville at once and make such arrangements as will secure these people from suffering. No orders have been given General Willich, and I direct you to take entire charge of these matters and see that the loyal people, where your troops are, are not robbed.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

