
by us and kept out of the rebel army by taking to the mountains. They desire to go into our service, and many prominent men among them think they can raise a regiment. Can you authorize me to enlist them, and have a regiment, to be known as the Second Alabama Cavalry? I raised and officered the First Alabama Cavalry at Corinth, now 800 strong, and I have no doubt I can raise another. These men flock to my lines this fact.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

SCOTTSBOROUGH, January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH,

Commanding Third Division:

You will move one regiment of infantry to Whitesburg, on the Tennessee River, and commence the construction of a boat, and exhibit your intention to cross at that point. There will be no objection to your crossing if you think it necessary or proper, but avoid an engagement, unless your demonstrations at that point until notified to withdraw.

By order of Major-General Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 29, 1864.

Major-General SCHUTZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the following general instructions be observed by the Eleventh Corps, stationed between Lookout Mountain and Bridgeport:

At each of the posts, Wauhatchie, Whiteside's, Shellmound, and Bridgeport, a regular picket be established, covering all the approaches, posted at a sufficient distance to give timely notice of the approach of any force, and at the same time to prevent the passage through our lines of any persons whatsoever without proper authority. The strictest compliance in the rules and regulations with regard to picket duty heretofore promulgated in this corps to be required. The nature of there positions at all these points where the troops are stationed, with the brigades and depots to be guarded, will make it expedient that the main body of the troops should be held to meet an attack in any direction, the picket-lines. The depots and brigades at Lookout Valley, Whiteside's Shellmound, and Bridgeport are to be held at any and all hazards, and the commanding officer must be held responsible therefor. A surrender or abandonment is under no circumstances to be made. Where it has not already been done, obstructions, such as abatis and felled trees, should be made use of to cover all the roads and approaches through the mountain passes at each of these points, to prevent any sudden incursion or raid. Defensive works have been constructed at each

