
of these points, which, if determinedly and vigorously held, will prevent any force likely to attack from meeting with any success.

At Bridgeport a commanding hill above the railroad bridge on the river bank should be held by a portion of the forces stationed there. Its possession by the enemy wound enable him with artillery to injure or destroy the railroad bridge, which must on no account be permitted.

The surrounding country should be thoroughly examined, and if any portion thereof, outside the lines of works, offers opportunity for the enemy to take a position commanding the hill or the hill or the bridge with artillery, trees and obstacles should be felled to prevent it. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, as been directed to post two pieces of artillery at Whiteside's and four at Bridgeport. These will materially aid in the proper defense of these points.

The railroad between the stations from Wauhatchie to Bridgeport should be patrolled at least twice in every twenty-four hours, and thorough inquiry made as to any stranger or suspicious persons approaching or visiting the road or line or any portion of it. All security of the railroad and telegraph line. The cavalry force at bridgeport must be judiciously used for patrols and viduities in front of the lines covering the country at least as far as Reese's, at the junction of the Cunningham and Moore roads and to Warren's Mill. These patrols should move at irregular hours, to prevent a knowledge of their number and movements by the enemy.

All occurrences of sufficient importance to be brought to notice at headquarter by telegraph and courier-line at once. The rules as to deserters, contrabands, and citizens, coming within our lines, as laid down in the general orders of the Army of the Cumberland, must be complied with. The works must be kept in condition for use when need thorough police to prevent sickness. The latter needers drainage and much attention in respect to its police and condition to prevent serious results.

The cavalry force at Bridgeport has been directed to report to the commanding officer of the division. This cavalry must be used with the greatest economy and care. If by neglect or abuse its effective numbers are diminished they cannot be easily replaced. You will zealously guard against the use of any portion of this force for duties belonging to the details at corps and division headquarters as orderlies, &amp;c. Where infantry can be used for patrols, in all cases it should be used while the cavalry force is so small. You will cause such new information as to the roads and approaches in front of the lines as you may from time to time receive to be sent to these headquarters. Your attention should be given to the vigilant performance of the duty intrusted to the command. No larger force than that now placed d upon this duty is at disposition of the major-general commanding for the duty of guarding the line of communications, and this is believed to be sufficient, with the proper exercise of vigilance, energy, and demonstration on the part of those intrusted with its protection.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

17 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

