
loyal citizens of this place to purchase necessary supplies for themselves and families.

I find on inquiry that the following-named citizens have such permits and are daily purchasing supplies, viz: Mr., R. M. Wallance (wife of cashier of Branch Bank of Tennessee, who upon the entrance of the U. S. forces into this place decamped with all the funds of the bank), Miss M. Mathews, Miss Ann Wallace (daughter of Mrs. R. M. Wallace), Miss V. Mathews, Miss Felicia Whitthorne.

All of the above have permits granted by Lieutenant Colonel Robert Galbraith, late commander of theirs post. I would respectfully submit that it seems to me there is not benefit to be derived by a citizen of this place form taking the oath of allegiance to the U. S. Government and giving heavy bonds, if they can just as well get all the benefits without it and be at any time ready to show or enemy that they have been consistently his friend.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STURDEVANT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence, Twelfth Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, February 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General H. W. Slocum, who will direct the commissary at Shelbyville to stop the rations of these people.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. McMICHAEL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, February 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Slocum, commanding Twelfth Corps, and attention called to the indorsement of the department commander.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON BOARD JULIET, BOUND FOR VICKSBURG, Friday (in a fog), January 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

DEAR GENERAL: I am now en route to Vicksburg to execute a project for which all the preliminary arrangements are complete. Seven thousand cavalry, under Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, will start from Collierville, 24 miles east of Memphis, next Monday, and ignoring all small detachments of the enemy will push for Pontotoc, Okolona, Columbus, Meridian, &amp;c. At same time I will leave Vicksburg with four divisions of infantry and artillery (two of General Hurlbut and two of General McPherson) and move by Clinton, Jackson, Brandon, Morton, &c., on Meridan. At same time will start

