
KNOXVILLE, January 30, 1864-7 a. m.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Telegram received. The enemy have crossed the French Broad River in some force below Dandridge. General Sturgis, whose cavalry gained decided victory over the enemy's cavalry on the 28th, is now obliged to retire toward Maryville. McCook's division behaved very handsomely on the 28th, and finally cleared the field with a saber charge, capturing two steel rifle guns and over 100 prisoners.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, January 30, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General GRANGER:

General Sturgis reports three brigades of infantry as having crossed the French Broad below Dandridge. This is probably in consequence of his victory over their cavalry; it is well, however, to be on our guard. You will therefore give full instructions to General Willich what he can fall back if forced to do so. He should also send all his stores of grain to one of your stations on the railroad as fast as he collects them.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

LOUDON, January 30, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER:

Dispatch received. Orders have been sent to General Willich to be on the alert, and in case the enemy moved against him in force to fall back in this direction; that will enable [me] to concentrate my forces in his front, while you fall upon his flanks and rear from Knoxville. I think it best to bring the brigade at Kingston to this place. Shall I do so? There is one section of Willich's battery still without horses. Can't they be had?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, January 30, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: As you are compelled to leave the country on the south side of the French Broad River, the commanding general directs the following, say, 200 men, on horses turned into the quartermaster's department. With this force you will cross the Holston River below Knoxville, at one of the fords between Loudon and Knoxville. Thence you will proceed by the way of Clinton through the Powell

