
Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Corps, as I found them, I deem it my duty to report the present state of things and that I ordered the alterations as indicated to be made.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FR. HECKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WHITESIDE'S, TENN., January 30, 1864.

Colonel FR. HECKER,

Commanding Brigade and Post:

COLONEL: An examination of the earth-work in which the section of artillery under my command has been placed results in the discovery that the embrasure on the south side covers only the ravine facing it. As its construction prevents the traversing of the piece more than two degrees to the right or left, a converging fire cannot be obtained from the embrasures on the east side, i. e., to converge with the fire from the south. I would therefore respectfully request that the southern embrasure be filled up and that two embrasures be made in order to obtain the desired result.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. WILSON,

Second Lieutenant, Third U. S. Artillery, Commanding Section Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

PULASKI, January 30, 1864. (Received 31st.)

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Phillips reports from Colbert Reserve that the enemy crossed the river at servile ferries. He captured several prisoners and fifteen wagons and teams from them; visited all the ferries to Eastport.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, January 30, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two of my scouts have just got in-one from Montgomery, the other from Atlanta. Both report movements and concentrating of troops at Mobile. One from Atlanta says no troops left Johnston, but all commands southward have been moved to Mobile, as well as troops from Charleston and North Carolina.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Bowers.)

PULASKI, TENN., January 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The scout from Montgomery says that it was thought there that a movements was on foot from Memphis, Vicksburg, and New Orleans

