
against Mobile, and it caused a good deal of excitement. Whether the report was true or not it has caused a movement of troops there, but when they left the force that had gone there was not large.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp Proclamation, Woodville, Ala., January 30, 1864.

Major R. R. TOWNES,Asst. Adjt. General, 15th Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala.:

MAJOR: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, sent by telegraph, I have sent Colonel George A. Stone, with four regiments, to Larkin's Landing. They took 50 rounds of cartridges per man. I will send wagons with sufficient cartridges to make the required number (100) per man, as soon as the cars arrive.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Nashville:

One of my scouts has returned from south side of river. He was at Corinth. It is evacuated and destroyed, and scouting party from Lee's cavalry was there.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, January 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received copy of the order for Brigadier-General Ward's (First) brigade to preceded to the front.

There are not troops in my district that can be spared from other places sufficient to relieve this brigade. Brigadier-General Ward is preparing to go Monday. The departure of the brigade will leave but three regiments here. One would have to go upon the road between this and Murfreesborough. The Thirteenth Wisconsin has re-enlisted and is to go home, leaving but one regiment to take care of and do all the duty's at Nashville. I have directed Brigadier-General Ward to delay movement until his troops are relieved. A communication on this subject will be forwarded to-morrow.

L . H. ROUSSEAU.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NASHVILLE, Nashville, Tenn., January 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I think it proper I should report to you touching affairs in this district generally, and I do so.

The troops ar generally under good discipline and very well drilled; far better than I expected to find.

They are well equipped and in good condition, excepting of course

