
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

Mossy Creek, Tenn., January 4, 1864.

The general commanding regrets to say that he is forced to listen hourly to the complaints of loyal citizens of the cruel treatment they receive at the hands of many of the troops of this command. Soldiers, it appears, are permitted to wander away from their camps alone or in squads, with no intend but to plunder and rob holpless families, whose male members are bearing arms in the cause of their country. Soldiers whose feelings are so blunted to all the finer feelings of humanity are a disgrace to the organization to which they belong, and must be punished to the full extent of the law.

It is, therefore, ordered: Hereafter, any soldiers found 1 mile from his camp without a pass in writing from the commander of his brigade, and not on duty, will be arrested and brought to these headquarters, in order that proceedings may be entered against him according to law. While it is the duty of all officers to arrest offenders against law or published orders, the commanders of regiments will be held especially responsible for the conduct of their men in disregarding them.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

W. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, A. D. C., Act. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 2. Memphis, Tenn., January 4, 1864.

I. The Third Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps, having been transferred to the Sixteenth Army Corps by Special Orders, Numbers 25, dated headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, Bridgeport, Ala., December 20, 1863, will be known and designated as the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Maynardville, Tenn., January 5, `864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: In conjunction with your move against Longstreet, when it is made, I think will be advisable to send a cavalry expedition against Abingdon and Saltville. Such an expedition should fit upon at some place in Southeast Kentucky, and be prepared to start so as to co-operate with you, moving by the roads north of and near to the Virginia lie. The Tennessee troops now organizing in Kentucky I think will be sufficient for this move. They could furnish you more assistance in this way than if directly with you. Kautz will be a most excellent officer to instruct this expedition to, and if selected had better begin at once organizing it.

I find that Willcox has six batteries of artillery, besides the captured pieces of Cumberland Gap. To move this a large number of

