
onel Long, for reasons embraced in my telegram December 29, and letter January 15, forwarding his report of engagement with Wheller's rebel cavalry; Colonel Lowe, for his efficiency at Fort Donelson and scouting after querrilass infesting that vicinity till they were all driven away, and for efficient services since he has commanded a brigade; Colonel Wilder, for active and valuable services while this army was at Murfreesborough, for gallantry as brigade commander at Hoover's Gap and Chickamauga, efficiency during the whole summer campaign, and looking well to the wants of him men; Colonel Watkins, for his actions during the past summer, and in the operations in front of this place, and for his efficiency as a cavalry and brigade commander; Colonel Edward M. McColl, for efficiency and gallantry during the operations of this army and as commander of a cavalry brigade. Colonel McCook has been commanding a division the greater part of the past year. Colonels Coburn and Campbell have each fair reputation as brigade commanders, but I am unable to speak specially. Colones Hecker, Candy, and Cobham have not been in this army a great while, and I am not prepared to speak specially of them.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, January 31, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

It is reported that Datlon is evacuated. Is it so? Please telegraph any information you may have relating to it, that General Sherman may be advised of the same.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, January 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,Chief of Staff, Nashville:

Dalton is not evacuated. Their position is very much the same as when you were here. I have directed General Rousseau to make the report you desire.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 31, 1864.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding is very anxious that the First Division of your corps should join it in as good condition as possible, both men and animals, to effect which it will be necessary that their march to the front should be made with judgement and deliberation. As the winter is not over they will be likely to encounter bad weather and wretched roads, and he desires that the brigade commanders be informed that no necessity exists at present

