
MEMPHIS, January 31, 1864.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS,

Collierville:

Watch the enemy closely; do not allow him to reached the road between Germantown and Collierville. Give a warm reception if they came with in striking distance.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On board steamer Commercial, January 31, 1864.

Colonel MONTGOMERY,Commanding 25th Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infantry:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier General J. C. Veatch to say that the fleet will remain at the landing during the night; also that he desires if possible that you embark your command to-night, and move with the fleet in the morning.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLLIERVILLE, January 31, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Our scouts are fighting rebels between here and Mount Pleasant.

A courier sent in reports them about 1,000.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, January 31, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Tennessee, Huntsville:

DEAR SAWYER: In my formed letters I have answered all your questions save one, and that relates to the treatment of inhabitants known or suspected to be hostile or "secesh." This is in truth the most difficult business of our army as it advance and occupies the Southern country. It is almost impossible to lay down rules, and I invariably leave this whole subject to local commanders, but am willing to give them the benefit of my acquired knowledge and experience.

In Europe, whence we derive our principles of war, as developed by their histories, wars are between kings or rulers, through hired armies, and not between people. These reaming, as it were, neutral, and sell their produce to whatever army is in possession. Napoleon, when at war with Austria and Russia, bought forage and provisions of the inhabitants, and consequently had and interest to protect farms and factories which ministered to his wants. In like manner the allied armies in France habitants whatever they needed-the produce of the soil or manufactories of the country. Therefore the rule was and is, that wars are confined

