
the protection and impetus to prosperity given by our hitherto moderate and magnanimous Government.

It is all idle nonsense for the Southern planters to say that they made the South, that they own it, and that they can do as they please, even to break upon our Government and shut up the natural avenues of trade, intercourse, and commerce.

We know, and they know, if they are intelligent beings, that as compared whit the whole world they are but as five millions are to one thousand millions; that they did not create the land; that the only little to its use and usufruct is the deed of the United Stated, and if they appeal to war they hold their all by a very insecure tenure.

For my part I believe this war is the result of false political doctrine, for which we all as a people are responsible; that any and every people a natural right to self-government,a nd I would give all a chance to reflect and when in error to recant. I know slave owners, finding themselves in possession of a species of property in opposition to the growing sentiment of the whole civilized world, conceived their property in danger and foolishly appealed to war, and by skillful political handling involved whit themselves the whole South on the doctrine of error and prejudice. I believe that some of the rich and slave-holding are prejudiced to an extend that nothing but death and ruin will extinguish, but hope, as the poorer and industrial classes of the South realize weakness and their dependence upon the fruit s of the earth and good will of their fellow-men, they will not only discover the error of their ways and repent of their hasty action but bless those who persistently maintained a constitutional Governments strong enough to sustain itself, protect its citizens, and promise peaceful homes to millions yet unborn.

In this belief, whilst I assert of our Government the highest military prerogatives, I am willing to bear in patience that political nonsense of slave rights, State's rights, freedom of conscience, freedom of the press, and such other trash as have deluded the Southern people into war, anarchy, bloodshed, and the foulest crimes that have disgraced any time or nay people.

I would advise the commanding officers at Huntsville, and such other towns as are occupied by our troops, to assemble the inhabitants and explain to them these plain, self-evident propositions, and tell them that it is now for them to say whether they and their children shall inherit the beautiful flank which by the accident of nature has fallen to their share.

The Government of the United States has in North Alabama any and all rights which they choose to enforce in war-to take their lives,their lands, their everything-because they cannot deny that war does exist there, and war is simply power unrestrained by constitution or compact.

If they what eternal war, well and good; we accept the issue, and will dispossess them and plat our friends in their place. I know thousands and millions of good people who at simple notice would come to North Alabama and accept the elegant houses and plantations there. If the people of Huntsville think different, let hem persist in war three years longer, and then they will not be consulted. Three years ago by a little reflection and patience they could have had a hundred years of peace and prosperity, but they preferred war; very well. Last year they could have saved their slaves, but now it is too late.

