
able to march [as guard] over the property in your several regimental and other camps, you will move on the road to Knoxville, following the Second Division of the corps, which has orders to move at once.

The men will carry their overcoats, blankets, and shelter-tents, three days' rations in haversacks, and 40 rounds of ammunition per man in cartridge-boxes. Forty rounds of ammunition per man in addition will be carried in wagons.

You will take one section of artillery, with 10 horses to the piece (if so many be deemed necessary by the commanding officer of the battery), and the limber boxes of the caissons.

No wagons will be taken except those for extra ammunition and for forage for the battery horses.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Maryville, Tenn., February 1, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: On looking over the map I think you will agree with me that if it is still desirable to make the raid on Carter's bridge, &amp;c., the most practicable route would be via the Little Tennessee, Quallatown, Webster, Waynes [ville], Asheville (where the arsenal might be destroyed in passing), and Burnsville, thence to Chucky Gap. this route would have the advantage of being concealed from the enemy, considerable forage, great amount of horses, and much short than via Powell's Valley. A little time is necessary to prepare the command, shoe the horses, &c., in order to warrant anything like success by either route, and I therefore respectfully offer this suggestion for your consideration in the interim.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Loudon, February 1, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, Loudon:

GENERAL: Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, you will move your division to Campbell's Station and there await further orders. Take with you as much subsistence and forage as possible.

The Fifth Tennessee Infantry will be left to garrison the town and depot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

