HDQRS. 2nd DIV. CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp on Maryville road, 2 1/2 Miles from Knoxville,

At Dr. Rodgers' White House, February 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report one of the servants of my staff sick with small-pox, and on that account traveling in the rear, left Maryville this morning at 10 a. m.

At that time a large body of rebel cavalry charged into the town, coming in on the road that runs from Tuckaleechee Cove. He made his escape, being well mounted.

At Rockford he was intercepted by a rebel force that had come down Little River on this side of the river from the direction of the mouth of Ellejoy Creek. This force at Rockford he had full time to observe. He thinks there were three regiments, averaging about the same size as our cavalry regiments do, say 300 or 400 men each. One regiment was drawn up in line of battle on the far side of Little River, and two were on this side. His horse and spurs were taken from him. When he left Rockford about 3 p. m. they had gone into camp at Rockford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

CHATTANOOGA, February 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Nashville:

The latest information I have is that the rebels have two regiments of cavalry, four regiments of infantry, and three guns at or near Tunnel Hill; one division between Tunnel Hill and Dalton; three brigades and some other troops between Dalton and Tilton. Six pieces (new) artillery, just arrived at Dalton, were being trained on the 28th. No other artillery there. Eighteen thousand rations are issued for all the troops at Dalton, Tunnel Hill, and Tilton. Four divisions have been sent down the railroad to Mobile, Ala., and Rome, Ga. The pickets extend 12 miles north of Dalton, in direction of Charleston. There are no troops east of Dalton. Governor Brown has ordered all families dependent on the Government for support to move south of the Etowah River.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, February 1, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The following dispatch received:

PULASKI, February 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-General BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout jus tin from Selma says a division from Johnston's army and Martin's [?] brigade, besides other troops spoken of in former dispatch, moved west toward Mobile and Meridian. I think there is no doubt of a movement of troops toward

