
Mobile or Mississippi. He also says it was common talk that Johnston was to fall back behind the Etowah River. Phillips captured 20 horses, 200 head cattle, 600 of sheep, and 100 head horses and mules.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Please comply with request of yesterday for any information you may have on the subject.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Woodwille, Ala., February 1, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST BRIGADE,

For Lieutenant Colonel A. Roberts,

Commanding Expedition of 100 mounted men for Claysville:

You will proceed to Claysville, opposite Guntersville, and watch the movements of the enemy in that vicinity, sending daily parties down the river as far as Deposit, and occasionally as far as the mouth of Paint Rock. You will also watch all the fords and ferries above Guntersville to the pontoon bridge at or near Larkin's Ferry, preventing all crossing from this side as far as possible, arresting all persons coming from the other side and retaining them unless you are satisfied they are refugees. Send a party of 50 men up to the bridge (Larkins' Ferry) as soon as you arrive at Claysville, and if there is no guard there, they will remain and protect the bridge, and send me word; if already protected, they will return to Claysville.

Keep me advised of everything of importance that transpires.

The men under your command are not allowed to forage, but must pay for what they get.

By order of Brigadier General C. R. Woods:

C. H. KIBLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLLIERVILLE, February 1, 1864.

General BRUCKLAND:

Please send abut 200 men to this point and as many to German-town, to hold these points after we leave until all Government property can be brought in by the railroad.

The dismounted cavalry can be used for [this] purpose if sufficiently armed and organized. We get off to-day and to-morrow.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

PADUCAH, February 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General REID,

Commanding District:

The railroad train was fired into a Ringgold, 12 miles south of Mayfield, Saturday evening, as it came in. The train failed to come in last night. The rumor is that it was captured. I have reliable information that the rebels, 100 strong, are 12 or 15 miles below Mayfield.

