HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,January 5, 1864.

Colonel CLARK R. WEVER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: After loading, everything on the cars sent you which can possibly be dispensed with on the march, you will move forward with your brigade and Cogswell's battery to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock toward Huntsville. On arriving at Brownsborough you will select some suitable place in the immediate vicinity of that place and encamp until the balance of the division comes up.

The chests from the caissons of the artillery can be put on the cars, and all the small-arm ammunition, except 40 rounds to a man, and all the artillery ammunition, except a few rounds in the limbers. A guard will be left with the stores in the cars, and will remain with them and go through on the cars with them. The conductor will receive orders from here about taking the cars on.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT,

January 5, 1864- 12 m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MORSE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 12th Army Corps, Tullahoma:

General Geary and staff have arrived. His troops are expected this p.m., and hope to get part of my command off to-night.

A. L. McDOUGALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, January 5, 1864-4.40 p.m.

(Received 8 p.m.)

General J. W. GEARY:

Retain a large regiment at Bridgeport and send the balance of your command to Stevenson.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

This message was left to be sent before his (Geary's) was received.

OPERATOR,

Tullahoma.

BRIDGEPORT,

January 5, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. F. MORSE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 12th Army Corps:

I arrived here about two hours ago. My command will reach here to-night. I have received orders from General Thomas since my arrival to send but one regiment to Stevenson, that one not to be eligible for re-enlistment. I therefore designate the One hundred and forty-ninth New York for that place. That will leave three regiments and some fragments at this place.

I will assume command to-morrow morning.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.

