
Johnston's army and Martin's [?] brigade have moved west toward Mobile and Meridian, and that it was common talk that Johnston was to fall back behind the Etowah River. The movement of General Thomas on the 29th caused the enemy to fall back from Tunnel Hill. Logan has his bridge completed and is moving across the river at Larkin's Ferry, and from thence will threaten Rome, while General Thomas keeps the attention of the enemy engaged in his front.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

February 1, 1864.

Major BRADFORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry:

SIR: All the cavalry of the Department of the Tennessee having been turned over to my command, by order of Major-General Sherman, commanding the department, you are hereby ordered to establish yourself for the present at Fort Pillow, on the Mississippi River, and make that your recruiting rendezvous for the present. You will take a good defensible position for your camp, taking advantage of any entrenchments that may already exist, and constructing any that may be necessary. You will scout the surrounding country thoroughly as far to the rear as you may deem it safe to take your command, making every effort in your power to hunt up and destroy guerrilla parties. You will subsist your command upon the country as far as possible, and take the stock necessary to keep it well mounted, giving vouchers to loyal men only. Keep your command in condition for active service at all times, drawing arms, ammunition, and equipments from the ordnance department at this city. Use all diligence to recruit your regiment rapidly, and apply to the chief commissary of musters, stationed here, to muster your men promptly.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Miss.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Numbers 32. February 1, 1864.

* * * *

XVII. The Ninth and Twenty-third Army Corps will move from the south side of the Holston River at daybreak to-morrow morning, the 2nd instant, in accordance with the verbal instructions of the major-general commanding the department. The men will be in light marching order, and supplied with three days' rations in their haversacks, and 80 rounds of ammunition pr man. No wagons except those needed for the transportation of extra ammunition will be taken. One section of artillery will accompany each corps. Major General J. G. Parke, commanding Ninth Army Corps, will be in command of the entire force.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

