
of Bull's Gap. General A. E. Jackson passed up the south side of Nola Chucky River with his brigade, some 600 men.

January 24.-Twelve pieces of artillery, 10 horses to each piece and about 125 men, went into camp 4 miles northeast of Greeneville.

January 25.-General Longstreet's headquarters still at Russellville, and the main body of his infantry in camp at Morristown, Russellville, and vicinity.

January 26.-The cars came to Greeneville and to Rader's, 12 miles below.

January 27.-Ten box cars loaded with soldiers came to Greeneville.

January 28.-The cars came down loaded with supplies. Longstreet's army is said to be very scarce of food. Rebels have the bridge on Lick Creek nearly completed.

January 29.-The rebel pickets were all called in between Morristown and Rutledge, and Rucker's Legion passed Morristown going to salt-works. There were no forces at Paint Rock nor southeast of Newport. A large amount of army supplies are being collected at Jonesborough, and at the depots on the railroad. A few men under General Vaughn were at Rogersville.

January 30.-One hundred wagons met Rucker's Legion and turned back with him.

R. A. CRAWFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Police.

PULASKI, TENN.,

February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Nashville:

Colonel Spencer staid in Decatur last night under flag of truce; says that Roddey only knows that Johnston has fallen back and sent troops to Mobile. Roddey says Sherman is moving to take it.

Roddey has moved his command to the vicinity of Decatur. In Decatur only two companies; two regiments and a battery are at mouth of Limestone.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Believing that the organization known as the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, now under command of Major General Joseph Hooker, was not designed by His Excellency the President to be a permanent organization, and being convinced by the instructions given by him to General Rosecrans, then in command of the Army of the Cumberland, that it was not his design or desire that the Twelfth Corps should in any event continue a part of the commanding general to the subject. I think the only instance in any army of

