
their order if only one man gets through. It is a disgrace to the cavalry arm of the service that they cannot cross a creek. Let them keep more to the eastward, about Paris, and come along down by Purdy, and crossing Hatchie anywhere from Pocahontas to Bolivar. Of course, the use of that cavalry is lost to us in this movement, and now they shall keep out and learn the country and how to cross a creek, and to travel without wagons a distance of 100 or 200 miles. If the officers of the cavalry cannot bring it through, detail some good volunteer to do it.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE,

Commanding Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Vicksburg:

DEAR GENERAL: The delay in your arrival compelled me to call on General McPherson for his reverse brigade, in order to complete the force deemed requisite to accomplish our present purpose. you will therefore be left in the neighborhood of Vicksburg with your two brigades, and will assembled them at the railroad bridge on Big Black, keep that bridge safe for the passage of troops and teams, and guard that approach. I wish you to keep on hand about thirty or forty wagon load of bread and salt, ready to push them out to us in case of need. Keep the railroad in good order, and have your command so well in hand that they can move at a minute's notice. You know that I am going 150 miles straight into the enemy's country, and what we do must be done quickly and well. Should the enemy in my absence threaten Vicksburg, your command will, of course, take part in its defense, when you will receive orders from General McArthur, who is in command of Vicksburg and its surroundings. I propose to cut loose from all my base on leaving Big Black, but will try to get a messenger in to you occasionally.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

February 2, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: I fell exceedingly chagrined that I have not been able to make a start with my command up the present time. The bridge that moved from Columbus on the 19th ultimo has not yet reported. I am unofficially informed that they had great difficulty in crossing the Obion River and lost a considerable number of men and horses drowned. It is said that one regiment succeeded in getting over, and is on its way here by the route first contemplated, the trains having been sent back to Columbus to be brought down by water. The

