
LOUISVILLE, February 2, 1864.

(Received 12 p. m.)

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermasters-General, Washington:

I am carrying out secretly and very successfully your private instructions in regard to forage, but I am embarrassed for want of funds. I am entirely out and have not received a cent on my january requisitions.

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Numbers 33. Knoxville, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

* * * *

XI. Paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 24, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby modified as follows: All the officers' horses by that order directed to be taken to kentucky will be sent to Kingston, Tenn., to be supplied with forage. All the horses used by the artillery of the Ninth and Twenty-third Corps, and by he reserve artillery, for draft purposes, and which were ordered to be turned over to the quartermaster's department, will be sent to Kingston, Tenn., to be supplied with forage.

The following transportation is allowed for the use of the Ninth and Twenty-third Army Corps, viz:

Two wagons, one ambulance, and teams to each regiment; one wagon, one ambulance, and teams to each battery; one wagon, one ambulance, and teams to each corps, division, and brigade headquarters. All of the above allowance of transportation (except so much as is authorized to be retained under the provision of paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 24, current series,f rom these headquarters) will be sent, under charge of the quartermaster's department, to Kingston, Tenn., to be supplied with forage. The transportation and horses so placed at Kingston will be held ready for the use of troops mentioned in case of any movement.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 6. Vicksburg, Miss., February 2, 1864.

I. Major W. M. Bradford, commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, will, immediately upon receipt of this order, move his entire command to and occupy Fort Pillow, reporting to Brigadier General R. P. Buckland, commanding District of Memphis.

II. Brigadier General A. J. Smith will move his command to-day to Clear Creek, if possible, on Bridgeport road. To-morrow his head column must by night be across the Big Black at Messinger's Ferry. He will take up the pontoon train, under Captain Kossak, as Colonel Winslow's cavalry camp, and see that the bridge is laid. He will apply for guides to Major-General McPherson.

