
Brigadier-General Veatch will move his command out this afternoon to the camp selected.

The Thirty-third Missouri, hitherto assigned to General Tuttle, will accompany General Veatch's command unless ordered to the contrary.

The general supply train will move in charge of Brigadier-General Veatch.

In the morning General Veatch will follow the line of General Smith's march on the Bridgeport road to Messinger's Ferry, and cross at the pontoon bridge, which will then be taken up and form part of the general train until further orders.

* * * *

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 3, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 5th.)

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville:

Everything is quiet in this section. General Sturgis can muster only 1,500 horses able to go on the raid; these are being shod and got ready. I have changed the route to be followed, because Jones' cavalry is at Little War Gap to intercept any raids from that direction.

I have ordered Sturgis to send his dismounted men to Camp Nelson, to get horses and be ready to move across the Cumberland Mountains by one of the gaps and act against the enemy's flank at the time the general advance is made.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., February 3, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that Captain Reynolds, of the scouts, has just come in and confirms the reports of the enemy having crossed a force at Strawberry Plains. He thinks that the force consists of a division of cavalry and a section or two of artillery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. D. SAUNDERS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier General T. T. GARRARD,

Commanding District of the Clinch:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of January 30 has been received. There is reason to think that Colonel Love overestimates the enemy's

