HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,In Field on Big Black River, February 3, 1864-9 p. m.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Sixteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my command safe across Big Black. Strong pickets have been placed in the advance, and every care will be taken to guard against surprise.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

UNION CITY, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier General H. T. REID,

Commanding District of Columbus:

SIR: My secret service man has returned this evening and reports Colonel Greer, with 100 men, in the northern part of Henry; Bolen, with 25, half way between Paris and Huntingdon; Captain Holmes, a few miles southeast, with 30 men. Their statements are to the effect [that] when they gather their men they are to cross the river.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

UNION CITY, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier General H. T. REID,

Commanding District of Columbus:

SIR: Major Bradford, Thirteenth Tennessee, has this day received orders from General Smith, chief of cavalry, to move with his entire force to Fort Pillow, and expects to start to-morrow. I have a party of 60 men scouring east and north of Dresden; will have to furnish guard for railroad train. Under the circumstances, would it not be best for the bridges between this place and Columbus to be guarded by troops from the latter place?

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

February 3, 1864.

Colonel L. F. MCCRILLIS,

Collierville:

Send a regiment to Moscow with instructions as soon as they arrive there to send two companies by way of New Castle or Middleburg to Bolivar, to communicate with Colonel Waring's brigade and instruct them to come by the most direct route from that point to Collierville, leaving Somerville on their right and coming by way of Egypt or Moscow, as by that route they will obtain forage.

Instruct the officer in command of the two companies so that his instructions to Colonel Waring will not be misunderstood.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

21 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

