
Market, Tenn. Rebel accounts set it at 15,000 men, but he thinks not more than 1,500 or 2,000 men. It is also reported among the rebels that they expect to advance on Knoxville in a few days.

William Smith resident at McMillan's Station (staid there last night and left there this morning for Knoxville), reports no rebels at that point when he left, or at any other north of Holston River. He also corroborates the above statements in relation to rebel guards at the different fords and ferris above Herrald's Ford, located 1 1/2 miles below Strawberry Plains. Also in regard to rebel forces at Nance's Ferry and New Market, Tenn.

Respectfully submitted.

N. M. MCLANE,

Scout.

PULASKI, TENN.,

February 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Nashville:

There are indications of some kind of a move south of here. At all the ferries and in the streams great activity in building boats is observed. Citizens have been suddenly stopped from crossing over and those over there from this side retained. The report by scouts from every ferry from Decatur south is the same. It may be to cover a sudden departure.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Major R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general, Huntsville.)

PULASKI, TENN.,

February 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,

Athens:

Exchange for your men over the river and send the rest up here. It is very probably that a movement of our cavalry has been made by this time on Forrest at Okolona, and the movement toward Tuscumbia can be accounted for by a movement on your left; but keep close watch in all directions. You will hear more from me to-morrow or next day. Scouts must be kept well down toward Florence, day and night, to get news if they attempt to cross.

This dispatch, so far as relates to movement, is private.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, February 4, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Columbia:

Send sufficient force across the Cumberland and destroy all rebel bands. Keep the fords guarded with small force. When the expedition crosses over order your men to take no guerrilla prisoners.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

