
remount the cavalry every three days instead of every three months. We get all the forage we can from the country. I am very anxious finish up the work I have on hand here,so that I can devote myself to procuring ordnance and quartermaster's stores for our cavalry, and get depots established at about three suitable points for supplying our cavalry commands promptly. I will communicate with the Quartermaster-General and the chiefs of the Ordnance and Cavalry Bureaus on this subject. The men in this district now take good care of their horses, and I hope to extend the reformation in this respect throughout all the cavalry of our division. We must by all means get our cavalry in good shape within the next month or six weeks. I will do my best to fulfill your expectations on the trip we are just about to make.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crossing of Big Black, February 4, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Colonel MILTON MONTGOMERY,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will push forward the train with all possible speed. General Sherman has gone forward, and orders me to quarter 6 miles farther on to-night. Use every effort to get your train up in time.

J. C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Collierville, Tenn., February 4, 1864.

Colonel MCCRILLIS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: Send a regiment to the vicinity of Quinn's Mill, with orders to patrol the line of the Coldwater thoroughly as far westward as Olive Branch, permitting no one whatever to pass southward unless in our service as spies or scouts. Also to make every effort to capture the enemy's scouts north of the Coldwater, to procure information as to strength, positions, movements, and intentions of the enemy. You will take care to keep this regiment supplies and ready for our forward movement at all times. The general wishes you to get the regiment ready at once and direct the commanding officer to report to him for orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

WM. H. INGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 4, 1864.

Colonel A. G. BRACKETT, Germantown:

Start 200 men at daylight to-morrow morning, the 5th, south toward Hernando, throwing detachments toward the crossing on the

