SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 35. Pulaski, Tenn., February 4, 1864.

* * * *

II. The following-named persons, having been reported by officers of this command as being dangerous persons to remain within our lines (being aiders and abettors of the rebellion), will appear within ten days from the date hereof at the provost-marshal-general's office in Pulaski, Tenn., and give bonds in the sum of $5,000 each, and take an oath to hereafter behave and conduct themselves as peaceable and loyal citizens, and to commit no acts that will tend in any manner to aid or abet or give comfort to the rebellion: (1) T. N. Williams, (2) W. R. Porter, (3) S. J. Mathews, sir., (4) Stephen Shelton, (5) Joel Glossess, (6) John Wilcoxson, (7) ---- Jilton, (8) A. A. Burney, (9) Robert Williams (tanner), (10) John Hammond, (11) Harvey Shelton, (12) Willis Johnson, (13) Amos Cox, (14) Murphy Nutt, (15) W. P. Holcomb.

Ths privilege is given them with the understanding that if not faithfylly lived up to they, with their families, will be sent south of the Tennessee River and their property be taken, and if violated they will suffer death.

III. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 21, series 1863, from these headquarters, as orders Mr. James W. Nance south of the Tennessee River and beyond our lines, and seizes his property, is hereby revoked. Mr. Nance will be allowed to return to his home, and such of his property as is not in use by Government will be delivered to him.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 5, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram received. The battery is ordered. I wish you would send me by telegraph a statement of the whole number of colored troops organized, so far as you have information. Some clamor is being raised at the last of energy and industry on that subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 5, 1864-2.50 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Contracts have been awarded at Indianapolis, Saint Louis, Chicago, and at Columbus for 11,500 cavalry horses. Shall I have them forwarded as they come in if so, to what points and what number?

Please answer.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, in charge Cavalry Bureau.

