
FEBRUARY 5, 1864.

F. M. Hanks, a deserter from the Eleventh Texas Regiment, Wharton's cavalry brigade or division, numbering 1,000 men, who are now encamped 4 miles below Sevierville, states that he left his command yesterday morning, the 4th instant; that General Armstrong's command is in the forks of the French Broad and Pigeon Rivers, his command in all not exceeding 1,000 men; that all the cavalry on the south side of French Broad is said to be under General Martin, whose headquarters are at Sevierville, as he is informed, and number about 4,000 men; states that their horses are in good order; they have in the forks of the river three 12-pounder Parrott guns and two 6-pounder howitzers. This man has just been sent to me; seems to be rather dull and ignorant. He also states that the infantry has all gone to Dandridge and will go from there to their quarters. States that a few days since he met General Longstreet on his way to Dandridge; that last Sunday week Hood's division came down to New Market; that they were repairing the bridge at Mossy Creek. The foregoing is about all he knows.

R. A. CRAWFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Secret Police.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, February 6, 1864.

Brigadier General M JENKINS,

Commanding Confederate Advance Forces:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the reception of your communication by flag of truce, conveying a request that certain families may be permitted to remove with out our lines.

Any communication to the commanding general of this department, sent by flag of truce, in order to receive the attention it may merit, must come from the commanding general of the Confederate forces. If such a communication be forwarded it should contain the names of the families for whom the permission is requested.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 6, 1864-3.30 p. m.

(Received 11.20 a. m., 7th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am making every effort to get supplies to Knoxville for the support of a large force long enough to drive Longstreet out. The enemy have evidently fallen back with most of their force from General Thomas' front, some going to Mobile. Has there been any movement in that direction by our troops?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., February 6, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Feeling satisfied that there was much useless extravagance in the quartermaster's department, and having some cases reported to me of

