
Much of this information was obtained by scouts from citizens (one of whom had been in rebel army) who had just escaped through the enemy's lines.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WHEELER,

Major, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

February 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

I respectfully forward the within communication, although it may possibly afford no information you are not already possessed of. Shall I make further inquires as to the feasibility of Major Wheeler's proposed attempt upon the mill on Buffalo Creek?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., February 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters department for the information of the general commanding.

General Judah has been directed to make further inquiries and report.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, February 6, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Reports of scouts make it evident that Joe Johnston has removed most of his force from your front, two division going to Longstreet. Lonsgreet has been re-enforced by troops from the East. This make it evident the enemy intends to secure East Tennessee if they can, and I intend to drive them out or get whipped this month. For this purpose you will have to detach at least 10,000 men besides Stanely's division (more will be better). I can partly relieve the vacuum at Chattanooga by troops from Logan's command. It will not be necessary to take artillery or wagons to Knoxville, but all the serviceable artillery horses hold be taken to use on artillery there. Six mules to each 200 men should also be taken, if you have them to spare. Let me know how soon you can start.

GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 6, 1864-1.30 p. m.

General J. H. WILSON,

Chief of Cavalry Bureau:

Send all the cavalry horses for my command to Nashville. Full 12,000 horses will be required here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

22 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

