
DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, ASST. ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Lexington, Ky., February 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville, Tenn. (via Chattanooga):

the guerrillas in Montgomery, Bath, and Powell are very trouble-some, murdering Union men every day, and continually driving off stock. Within the last two weeks Colonel J. M. Brown, Forty-fifth Kentucky, stationed at Mount Sterling, has killed upward of 30 of these guerrillas, and taken 22 prisoners; he has been very energetic. Five of the guerrillas sent in by him were captured immediately after having murdered one Union man and while in the act of hanging another. I am having them tried by a military commission.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, February 6, 1864,

(Received 8th.)

General POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

General Fry left Camp Nelson on the 24th. He has only got as far as Point Burnside. His animals are ating up all the forage in the country. He seized every pretext in his reach to delay his march since he first received his order to report with his command at Knoxville.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Rossville, Ga., February 6, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders, I proceeded at 4 p. m. on the 3rd instant, under flag of truce, to escort a party of 28 secession citizens to the rebel lines. The first night out I went into camp 2 miles outside the picket-line of General Davis' division of infantry; from thence I started, at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 4th instant, in the direction of Ringgold, passing through which place I arrived at the outpost of the rebel picket-line, 2 miles southeast of Ringgold, at 12 m., where I was halted, and a message dispatched to Lieutenant-Colonel Griffith, commanding First [Third] Kentucky (rebel) Cavalry, informating him of the arrival of a flag of truce. I was met by Lieutenant-Colonel Griffith about an hour afterward, who, having ascertained the object of the visit, conducted me half a mile inside their outer line of pickets and directed me to go into camp on the premises of a Mr. Jack, where I would await until he could communicate with General Kelly, who was in command at Tunnel Hill. Colonel Griffith then returned to his command, and I heard nothing from him or others officially until 9 a. m. of the 5th, when the colonel returned with an escort of 30 men and ambulances and wagons with which to convey the citizens to Tunnel Hill. He informed me that the delay was in consequence of the necessity of

