
STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 6, 1864.

General E. E. POTTER:

The following received:

MOSSY CREEK, January 6, 1864.

General PARKE:

The Georgia lieutenant was not disposed to answer questions. From privates I get the following: Georgia battalion cavalry, Giltner's brigade, Ransom's division, camped near Lawrence's Mill. Buckner's division, Bush. Johnson's command, at Russellville; Hood's division at Morristown.

A prisoner from Hampton Legion, of McLaws' division, was brought in a few days since; reports his division at Morristown.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE, Commanding Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: General Foster directs me to send you the following extracts from a letter received this morning from Joseph A. Cooper, colonel Sixth East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, by General Carter, provost-marshal-general. The commanding general desires you to have the matter investigated, and if found true, to take such measures as will prevent their recurrence. The political antecedents of a rebel should not be considered, and if privileges are granted any one, it should be to those who show their devotion to the Union:

Rebels here are treated better than Union men. The general commanding this brigade gives rebels guards and protection papers, even before they have taken the oath, while when Union men call for guards they are referred to regimental commanders, with the suggestion that if there are any barefooted or convalescent men that they be sent to guard such Union man's property until they become able for duty.

The men are ordered and peremptorily required to guard rebels, when they are almost barefooted and very thinly clad, when no guard in a single instance has been furnished a Union man, although they have been repeatedly called for.

In one instance a Union man applied for permission to have 2 bushels of corn ground for the use of his family, and was refused, arrested, and confined in the guard-house, and for aught I know still remains there; while one Sam Smith, an arch traitor, got permission from him, and an order to that effect, to have 10 bushels ground. He is hunting up frivolous complaints against officers and seeking to have them arrested. He also tells old Democratic rebel citizens that if the country is ever saved it must be done by the old Democratic party.

This is all known throughout the command, and in creating great dissatisfaction both among officers and men, and will, if persisted in, I fear, ruin the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 6, 1864-4 p.m.

(Received 1.50 a. m. 7th.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 12.45 p.m. this date received. Orders will be given General John C. Starkweather to report as ordered.* Major-Generals Hooker, Rousseau, and Butterfield can be spared at this time for a court-martial.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For court-martial duty.

---------------

