
He also says t is the command report in Roddey's camp that Johnston is now in Atlanta; that they have sent two divisions to Longstreet. This last is the report among officers, soldiers, and citizens.

Forrest at Okolona and his force is not represented near as strong as formerly.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

COLLIERVILLE, February 6, 1864-2 p. m.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scout just returned from Bolivar. Found Colonel Waring there. Had not got his train across the Hatchie yesterday morning. Expected to cross yesterday, and start for this place via Macon this morning. Calculates to reach here to-morrow night. Scout left Bolivar yesterday morning about 7 o'clock. Roads tolerably good.

L. F. MCCRILLIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Miss., February 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE,

Commanding on Big Black:

GENERAL: Telegraph substantially to commanding officers at Vicksburg, Natchez, and Memphis, also to General Halleck, General Grant, and Admiral porter, care of General Reid, Cairo, as follows:

General Sherman's command, composed of McPherson's and Hurlbut's corps, left Vicksburg on the 3rd in two columns via the railroad bridge and Messinger's. On the 4th, McPheerson met the enemy (wert Adams' brigade) and skirmished as far as Bolton. On the 5th, Hurlbut's column encountered Starke's brigade of cavalry at Joe Davis' plantation and drove it through Clinton toward Canton. Same day McPherson pushed Wert Adams into and beyond Jackson. General Sherman occupied Jackson on the 6th, and will cross Pearl and enter Brandon on the 7th, and so on. He reports three small brigades of cavalry and Loring's division of infantry up toward Canton, and French's division of infantry to his front at or near Brandon.*

After passing Pearl to-morrow morning I shall break up the bridge we have made of the enemy's pontoons, so you must not attempt to communicate with me save by couriers well acquainted with the country and people. Our troops and trains are well up. Notify General McArthur that I want that Yazoo expedition pushed to the farthest point possible, and to remain up Yazoo near a month and communicating back to Vicksburg as often as Captain Owen thinks necessary. Also, Hawkins' command should be most active, operation from Haynes' Bluff to Mechanicsburg and over to Big Black. I want you to stay at the bridge, and also to cover the pontoon bridge at Messinger's. If there should be any sign of the enemy's scouts opposite Messinger's that pontoon bridge should be only partially laid, and a guard kept there watching for any party I may send back. The delay of William Sooy Smith at Memphis may compel me to modify my plans a little, but not much. Roads are excellent. We find some corn and meat, but Jackson and country are desolate enough. Our troops fought very handsomely and keenly all the way, marching rough-shod over all opposition. The enemy's loss in killed

---------------

*Telegraphed by General Tuttle from Black River bridge February 8, 1864.

---------------

