
is about 20, and 50 wounded, at least. We captured on of his guns, with horses and men. We have lost about 10 killed and 25 wounded. I sen din prisoners. The list of prisoners of war to be held at Vicksburg to be sent North, and those marked refugees are soldier who wanted to be captured, and whom you may cause to be released at Vicksburg and sen northward free. I think the enemy will meet us at some point between this and Meridian, with General Polk in command, with Loring's and French's divisions and the entire cavalry force of General Stephen D. Lee, composed of Wert Adams', Starke's, Ferguson's, and Ross' brigades of cavalry. Ross' brigade of cavalry is the force met on Yazoo at Satartia, but is now hurrying across to Canton and eastward. Our movement has driven away from the river everything from Yazoo City to Natchez. Keep the commanding officers named in the first part of this letter informed of all reliable intelligence of my progress, that they may act and be governed accordingly. Write to General Buckland to convey this intelligence to General Smith, and that I want him to execute the original plan to the letter.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Miss., February 6, 1864-11.20 a. m.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding, you will advance one brigade of your corps and also your headquarters 2 miles to a point near where a road strikes off for the Canton road. You will recognize the point designed by finding two graves in the front yard of the house. The balance of your command can remain as they wee, in camp where we left them this morning, until further orders. Nothing new of any consequence. Several deserters have come in.

I am, general, with respect, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Miss., February 6, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will move one brigade of your command into town early in the morning-say as early as daylight. From this brigade he expects you will relieve General McPherson's provost guard of one regiment, and also his pioneers in charge of the pontoon bridge, and cover the bridge until your entire command has passed the river; and it should, therefore, be a brigade belonging to the division marching in rear to-morrow. The remainder of your corps you will start at a halt hour after sunrise, which will enable it to cross the bridge without any delay. One

