
and better adapted to it. The necessity of placing major-generals should not be regarded as a military necessity. By his order it seems the advance was made to Dandridge by troops without artillery or ammunition for a fight, followed by a precipitate retreat, sacrificing stores and clothes which our soldiers were suffering for, and a large number of cattle and hogs, while the army is on part rations.

New management is necessary in East Tennessee. We hope General Schofield is the man wanted. The situation there hardly warrants the apparent ease and complacency in military circles in the West.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Miss., February 6, 1864.

Brigadier General R. P. BUCKLAND,

Commanding, Memphis:

GENERAL: I received General William Sooy Smith's dispatches of the 2nd instant to-night and regret haw was delayed, but rust he started them and has made up his loss of time in speed. We left Vicksburg on the 3rd and entered Jackson on the night of the 5th, the heads of the two columns skirmishing all the way with two brigades of cavalry. We captured about 30 prisoners and 1 gun, killed about 20, and wounded at least 50, some of whom are left in houses by the roadside. Our loss is about 10 killed and 25 wounded. We cross Pearl River to-morrow. I want you to push that volunteers organization. Keep the garrison in Fort Pickering well to their guns and the brigade of infantry out in the direction of Panola, as far as prudence will warrant. Have all the cavalry left with you kept in shape and put out about Collierville, Mount Pleasant, or Quinn's Mill. Tell Captain Eddy to procure horses as fast as possible, or mules, for he dismounted cavalry. In disposing of the force outside you should be governed by your knowledge as to General Smith's movements and its effect on Forrest's command. A strong expedition of gun-boats is now up Yazoo and will threaten or occupy Grenada. We are all in fine condition.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 4. Nashville, Tenn., February 6, 1864.

I. The great demand for pilots having rendered this branch of business an unreasonable monopoly, whereby great extortion is practiced, to the detriment of the service, it is therefore ordered:

First. That on and after the 20th day of February every boat doing business on the Mississippi and its tributaries shall at all times carry at least one steersman, who shall have a certificate of the local board, under the direction of the supervising inspector, to whom pilots and other officers shall give every opportunity and facility for learning the business of piloting.

Second. In order to prevent extortion now practiced upon the Government by parties whose licenses are derived from and who

