
are protected by it, pilots shall be divided, under the direction of the U. S. supervising inspectors, into classes, teamed first and second, and the rates of piloting on the Mississippi and its tributaries above Memphis shall be, for pilots of the first class, not exceeding $250 per month and subsistence, and in the trade below Memphis $300 per month, and for single trips less than ten days not exceeding $15 per day while actually in service; and the rates for pilots of the second class to exceeding $200 per month and subsistence above Memphis, and $250 per month below Memphis, and for single trips less than ten days not exceeding $12.50 per day while actually in service.

Third. When it is inconvenient to procure two good pilots on each boat, such boats are proceeding together and cannot conveniently secure pilots for all, they may proceed with good steersman, provided the leading boat or boats have good and safe pilots, in which case they will file with the post commander at the place of departure satisfactory evidence that they could not conveniently procure two good pilots. The masters or owners of boats are prohibited from directly or indirectly paying or seeking o induce pilots to change boats by offering rates above those fixed herein.

Fifth. Any violation or evasion of this order or any refusal to perform service when called upon, or any neglect of pilots or other officers to furnish all the opportunities and facilities to steersmen for learning the business of piloting, shall be regarded as a military offense, and punished, on conviction by a military commission, by confinement in a military prison not exceeding sixty days, or a fine nor exceeding $1,000, or both.

II. For the greater protection of transports from danger of loss by fire, it is ordered:

First. That every steam-boat navigating the waters of the military division (except ferry-boats and boats lying up for repairs) shall at all times keep a watch of at least 4 men on every boat, 2 of whom shall be at all times on duty, 1 on the boiler, 1 on the main decks, and continually passing over their respective decks until relieved; and all boats lying up for repairs shall keep a like watch of at least 3 men. Said watchmen to be carefully selected,a nd registered as such on the portage book.

Second. That every steam-boat shall at all times, except when actually storing freight in, or discharging it from the hold, or in other cases of actual necessity, keep the hatches and scuttles securely closed and locked, the key to be kept by the captain or first mate, who shall be held responsible for the same, and without whose permission no person shall be allowed to go into the hold, and who shall also at all times when the hold is open place an extra watch therein.

Third. That every boat shall keep at least one barrel of water on each fore and each after guard, and four barrel on the hurricane deck; also, three dozen buckets, and shall also keep its hose constantly attached to its pump and ready for instant service.

Fourth. No candles or open lights shall be allowed in the hold or state-rooms of any boat.

Fifth. That from and after the issuing of this order no skiffs or small row-boats shall be permitted to ply in the harbors of Louisville, Cairo, or Memphis, but every boats, except those belonging to steamboats, shall be taken to such place as the post commanded shall direct, and there be kept, except in cases where special permission to the contrary shall be given by the provost-marshal, and that the

