
small boats of all steamers shall be kept on deck or properly drawn out of water.

Sixth. That the officers of steam-boats shall, according tot heir proper authority, be held strictly accountable for the enforcement of this order on their several boats, and for extraordinary care and watchfulness.

Seventh. The quartermaster's department and post commanders are charged with the general execution of this order, and will detail, if necessary, such men as secret police to accompany transports navigating the river as may be deemed necessary, and will also at once arrest any person and seize any boat failing to comply with this order, the boat to be turned over to the quartermaster's department for the public service, the offender to be tried and punished by military law.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 7, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

There has been no movement on Mobile unless made by General Sherman.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Maryville, Tenn., February 7, 1864.

Major HENRY CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have the honor to request permission to move my command to the vicinity of Motley's Ford, 18 miles southwest from here, on the Little Tennessee River. I regard this move as absolutely necessary, as the country is entirely exhausted of forage, and for the last few days my men have been compelled to carry all they procured 12 or 15 miles, on the backs of their horses. Of course, they cannot recruit any while compelled to perform such labor daily, and the majority of my animals are in such condition now, and were before arriving here, as to preclude the possibility of making any long or continuous marches.

I sent two of my staff officers to the point I desire to move to, and they report sufficient forage in that neighborhood to last my division eight or ten days. A necessity certainly exists that my horses should be recruited and reached in order to restore the command to its former efficient condition, and I hope the general commanding may find it consistent with the good of the service to order the movement I desire at once.

The courier who brings this will await an answer if desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

