HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge your letter of yesterday concerning the irregularity and deficiency of supplies for your corps, and to add that he desires to make it the subject of a communication to the headquarters of the department in order to prevent its recurrence, if practicable. But before doing this he would like to be furnished with specific data in regard to clothing, forage, and rations, including fresh beef. He would like to be informed what forage your animals have been deficient in within the last week or ten days, and also what failure there has been in furnishing rations, or parts of rations, to your men during the same time. Complaints have reached him in regard to beef. If there has been an omission in the supply of this part of the ration, the general desires that he may be informed, and also what steps were taken to obtain it, and the reasons given for not furnishing it. When these facts are properly laid before the general commanding the department, it is believed that no further apprehensions need be felt for a continuation from delinquency. The general fully coincides with you in the opinion that a supply for a few days should be kept constantly on hand. If otherwise, a steam-boat accident or an adverse wind may cause destitution and suffering.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

PULASKI, January 6, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER:

One of our scouts has just arrived from Johnston's army; says it is at Dalton, and [reported] not to exceed 25,000 effective men. One brigade of Martin's cavalry at Cave Springs. State militia at Rome, Coosaville, and Gadsden. All stores, hospitals, &amp;c., that were at Rome have all been removed south. No fortifications near this army.

Wheeler and Wharton have been ordered back from East Tennessee, and Roddey is guarding north bank of Tennessee from Flint River to Bera Creek. There is great desertion in Tennessee, North Alabama, and Mississippi troops.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 15TH ARMY CORPS,January 6, 1864.

Colonel J. BANBURY, Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: As one regiment of General Morgan L. Smith's division will arrive here this p.m., the Fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry can move with the rest of the command to-morrow morning.

You will detail from your command 25 men, under a commissioned officer, for guard duty, to remain with the stores on the cars and guard them to their destination.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

