
regiment, and bring your command, thus disencumbered, to this place as soon as you possibly can without breaking down your stock. The paymasters and supplies of clothing await you here. Travel night and day if necessary, and permit no straggling, as the country through which you will pass is infested by guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 1. Brandon, Miss., February 7, 1864.

Division and brigade commanders are instructed to destroy, as far as possible, the railroad along the line of march. Ordinarily, the regiment in charge of the train will be assigned to this duty. They will tear up the rails, pile up the ties, and, placing the rails on top, burn the whole effectually. They will also set fire to all bridges and culverts of the railroad.

By order Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 38. Huntsville, Ala., February 7, 1864.

I. Brigadier General Charles R. Woods, commanding First Division, will cause one brigade of four regiments to be ready to move at a moment's notice in the direction of Chattanooga.

II. Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, commanding Second Division, will cause one brigade of four regiments to be ready to move at a moment's notice in the direction of Chattanooga.

III. Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, will cause two good regiments of his command to be ready to move at a moment's notice in the direction of Chattanooga.

IV. The commanding officer Fourth Division will cause one brigade of four good regiments to be ready to move at a moment's notice in the direction of Chattanooga.

* * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 8, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Can troops be sent me to take the place of veterans gone home and those still awaiting furloughs? If immediate furloughs could be given it would stimulate re-enlistments. There is necessity for all the troops now in the field. Furloughs, therefore, can only be given as other troops arrive to take place of those furloughed.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

