
Mobile; General Johnston at Rome last Thursday; Breckinridge's division under marching orders for the past week; Grigsby's brigade of cavalry sent to Decatur to recruit; all Kentucky cavalry turned over to John Morgan, who is at Decatur reorganizing his command-force, about 2,000 men. Fight took place yesterday between Second Kentucky Cavalry and Third Alabama Cavalry; the former refused to re-enlist as ordered; the latter ordered to fire on them; did, so, killing 3, wounding 5; Second Kentucky returned the fire, killing and wounding 30, then dispersed. Kentucky candidate for Congress making speeches throughout the army. Deserter six days from Meridian says General Sherman marching on that place with 12,000 men. French's and Loring's divisions retreating before him to Mobile.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

STEVENSON, February 8, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE:

General Logan applied to me for a regiment of cavalry; mentioned that the enemy was concentrating at Gadsden; had constructed a bridge form crossing the river. I have ordered Colonel Miller to ascertain the correctness of the report and prevent the enemy crossing. General Logan has Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Third Regulars, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry. The cavalry does not exceed 1,000. The troops with General W. S. Smith have not returned. I leave for Nashville in the 3 a.m. train to-morrow.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

February 8, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Germantown, Tenn.:

Waring's brigade is just going into camp. It is in very good condition, all things considered. We must all work day and night until its necessities can be supplied. The clothing can be invoiced to Lieutenant Ferdinand Hesse, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, brigade quartermaster. Push it along. What is detaining the grain?

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cav., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

LOUISVILLE, February 8, 1864.

(Received 6.35 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please give me command of one of the corps in the Army of the Potomac.

DAVID HUNTER,

Major-General.

[FEBRUARY 8, 1864.-For Halleck to Grant and reply about cavalry for Banks, see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part II.]

23 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

