
KNOXVILLE, February 9, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

I arrived here and assumed command this morning. I will report the condition of affairs as soon as possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville. February 9, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception by flag of truce of your communication requesting permission for the families of Colonel H. L. W. McClung and Mr. J. B. Boyd to be removed beyond our lines. The required permission is granted, and the families named will be conveyed by railroad train, under cover of flag of truce, to Strawberry Plains to-morrow, the 10th instant, at 10 a.m. Mrs. Martin will be permitted to enter our lines to join her friends in Ohio, provided she be willing to take the oath of allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Maryville, Tenn., February 9, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Scouting parties to Tuckaleechee and Wier's Coves develop the fact that all the rebels in those localities left there day before yesterday.

A reconnaissance ordered yesterday on the main Sevierville road discovered that no rebels were upon that road expect some very small straggling parties who came to the cross-road to Knoxville. Day before yesterday a party of 100 came to the Knoxville cross-roads, and, crossing to, returned by the Knob road.

I have moved my division this morning to Motley's Ford, and shall establish courier-lines between that place and Maryville and to Loudon.

I forward herewith report of the "effective force," officers and men, present for duty, and serviceable horses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I judge from movements my scouts report that the enemy's force is probably withdrawing from the vicinity of Sevierville. I will send out a scouting party to-day in order to ascertain. I leave one regiment of Colonel Garrard's division here with General Beatty.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

