
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 18. Knoxville, Tenn., February 9, 1864.

In compliance with orders from the President of the United States, I hereby assume command of the Department and Army of the Ohio.

The department staff will remain unchanged, with the following exceptions:

Major J. F. Anderson, aide-de-camp; Major E. N. Strong, aide-de-camp, and Captain George E. Gouraud, aide-de-camp, of the personal staff of Major-General Foster, are relieved from duty in this department.

Major A. J. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general; Major William M. Wherry, aide-de-camp; Captain A. H. Engle, aide-de-camp; and Captain G. W. Schofield, aide-de-camp, are hereby announced on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, February 10, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

I am compelled to send about 4,000 mules to Kentucky to be recruited. They will soon starve to death if kept here. This army is almost destitute of serviceable mules and artillery horses, and it would be impossible to support them here if we had them. No movement of this army can be made within the next six or eight weeks except by infantry alone and carrying their provisions. The artillery cannot move until supplied with fresh horses and forage. Longstreet's army is in much the same condition as this. I have no fears for the safely of our present position in East Tennessee, and unless there are reasons for a speedy advance, which I do not now understand, I think it would be unwise to attempt one for the present. If, however, it is deemed necessary to drive Longstreet out of East Tennessee now, I believe it is possible to do it with 10,000 more infantry than I now have, but it will have to be done slowly, so that the railroad can be repaired to supply the troops. Please inform me what you desire me to do under the circumstances I have stated.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 10, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Prepare to start for Knoxville on Saturday. I will order Logan to send to Chattanooga all the troops he can and still guard his line of road. The number will probably be about 5,000 men. One division of your command will have to move out to hold the road to the Hiwassee.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

