
CHATTANOOGA, February 10, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,

Mashville:

The engineer reports that he will have the railroad, finished to Loudon on Friday next. As they are very much in need of supplies at Knoxville, I think it will be best to allow time for an accumulation there, before the troops from here move up. I will try to provide for the defense of the place by placing a division of General Logan's corps at Chickamauga Station, and Davis' division in front of Cleveland, to cover the railroad, taking with me Stanley's, Johnson's, and Baird's divisions. Will your order the division of Logan to move to this place as soon as possible?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, February 10, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

SIR: In compliance with your request I send to Strawberry Plains this day, by flag of truce, the families, of Mr. McClung and Mr. Boyd, and also Mrs. Gillespie. I have the honor to ask in return that the family of Mr. Harris, now residing in Dandridge, be permitted to come within our lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD CORPS,South side of Knoxville, February 10, 1864.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Knoxville:

CAPTAIN: I left all quiet on the Sevierville road, half an hour ago. The enemy fell back after exchanging fire with our men on picket. From the hill I can distinctly observe camp fires to the west of the Maryville road, I should judge about 4 miles distant. We cannot be surprised. You may assure the general commanding the corps that he will hold on to the position. My communication was not intended to convey the impression that we could not, but simply that the force here, three small regiments, is inadequate, in case of a serious attack. Our line extends fully 2 miles, for the defense of which we have little more than 1,000 men. I deemed it my duty to apprise the proper authorities of this fact, and there leave the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-The enemy is displaying signal lights in our front. They are to the right as well as to the left of the Sevierville road. There is danger, in my judgment, of their moving in rear of our forces at Maryville. Should we be attacked here, the artillery on the north side can be of great service in protecting our left flank.

D. C.

