
COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

February 10, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: Waring's brigade only reached this point yesterday. I had previously moved the infantry brigade toward Panola and am moving the cavalry to-day in the direction of New Albany, and will push ahead with all energy. I fear this delay will rob me of the opportunity of accomplishing the work assigned to me; but it has been unavoidable by any effort that I could make, and I will now do all that I can. My command is in splendid condition, and all the information that I have been able to get-and it is quite full, and, I think reliable-justifies me in waiting for the brigade from above. Forrest has two brigades concentrated at Oxford. Chalmers is at a point on the railroad 12 miles south of Panola. I think they will all move toward Grenada or Pontotoc. Will you move force up the Mobile and Ohio Railroad from Meridian? I will hurt them all I can, and endeavor to open direct communication with you at the earliest possible moment. Weather beautiful; roads getting good.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 41. Knoxville, Tenn., February 10, 1864.

* * * * *

VII. Major General George Stoneman, U. S. Volunteers, having been by the President of the United States assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps, Brigadier General J. D. Cox, U. S. Volunteers, now commanding that corps, is hereby relieved and will await further orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

Tallibogue, Creek. Scott Co., Miss.,

No. 2. February 10, 1864.

The troops of this command will be placed of half rations of bread until further orders. Foraging parties will only be sent out under the direction of commanding officers of regiments, and always under charge of careful officers. Straggling and marauding must be stopped.

Commanding officers of brigades, regiments, and companies will be held to the strictest accountability for the enforcement of this order.

By order of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

