SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 41. Huntsville, Ala., February 10, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier General Charles R. Woods, commanding First Division, will move four regiments at daylight to-morrow morning (February 11), with camp and garrison equipage and 40 rounds per man of ammunition to Bridgeport, Ala., by land, reporting at that place to Brigadier General C. L. Matthies.

VI. Commanding officer Second Division will move four regiments at daylight to-morrow morning (February 11), with camp and garrison equipage and 40 rounds per man of ammunition, to Bridgeport, Ala., by land, reporting at that place to Brigadier General C. L. Matthies.

VII. Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, will move two regiments to-morrow (February 11), with camp and garrison equipage and 40 rounds per man of ammunition, to Bridgeport, Ala., by railroad. Brigadier General C. L. Matthies will direct their movement to that place.

VIII. Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will move four regiments at daylight to-morrow morning (February 11), with camp and garrison equipage and 40 rounds of ammunition, to Bridgeport, Ala., by land, reporting at that place to Brigadier General C. L. Matthies.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier General C. L. Matthies, of the Third Division, is assigned to the command of an expedition being sent to Chattanooga and will proceed to Bridgeport, Ala., with two regiments as required in paragraph VII of this order, at which place four regiments from the First, Second, and Fourth Divisions, respectively, are required to report to him.

* * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

No. 12. Knoxville, Tenn., February 10, 1864.

In accordance with War Department General Orders, No. 34. current series, and in compliance with Department Special Orders, No. 41. paragraph VII, Brigadier General J. D. Cox turns over the command of this corps to Major General George Stoneman, who has been assigned to the same by the President of the United States.

Captain E. D. Saunders, assistant adjutant-general and acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Theodore Cox, aide-de-camp, as the personal staff of General Cox, will accompany him. The other officers of the corps staff will await the orders of General Stoneman.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

