
KNOXVILLE, February 11, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER,

Loudon:

Colonel Cameron reports the enemy's cavalry advancing on the Sevierville road, and that they are in considerable force at Trundle's Cross-Roads. They may possibly move toward Maryville. Instruct General Willich to be on the alert. Keep us advised of any movements you may learn. Send information to the cavalry at Motley's Ford.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD CORPS,South side Knoxville, February 11, 1864.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-third Corps:

CAPTAIN: Signaling by the enemy continued on the range of hills extending along our front until after midnight. Large camp-fires, as the night advanced, were distinctly visible. Lieutenant Jones, in charge of detachment sent with wood-choppers, was surrounded last night. He has got safely in with all his men. He reports the enemy in large force. Their wagon train accompanies them. The enemy encamped about 8 miles from here last night.

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding.

MARYVILLE, February 11, 1864.

Colonel FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Loudon:

Your telegram is just received. I have sent copy to Colonel McCook, as directed. I have reports from scouts twice per day, and cannot believe that there is any force this side of Sevierville but cavalry. They have fired on my outposts at Little River, on the Trundle's Sevierville, and Tuckaleechee roads last evening and today. My information is that they fell back this afternoon. Deserters who came in to-day, left about Sevierville last Friday, say there is no infantry this side of Strawberry Plains and Dandridge. From all the information I think their whole cavalry force is on my front about Trundle's Cross-Roads. I will keep you informed of all the information I can get.

I am, very respectfully,

S. BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 11, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER:

It will be impossible to send down the pontoon bridge for a week or ten days. Captain Dickerson will go to Loudon to-morrow to arrange for crossing supplies.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

