
NASHVILLE, TENN., February 11, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

It is important to secure the early return of veterans, and the forwarding of new levies to the front, to enable us to commence an early spring campaign. Cannot governors of States send their newly enlisted men at once? They will become soldiers much quicker by contact with veterans than where they are, and they could take the place of those still left who are entitled to furloughs.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, February 11, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Congress has been more than two months discussing the draft bill, and unless it soon passes we cannot fill up infantry regiments in time to supply the place of furloughed men. Other armies are in the same or whose condition than yours.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PULASKI, February 11, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS:

There is no guard at Duck River bridge. The earnest force is one company of mine stationed at Duck River Station to guard my stores that river on cars; up to this time that company has kept a good watch over it. My company will return in a day or two. It appears to me so important a work, with the pontoon bridge close by it, that the force at Columbia, 2 1/2 miles up the river, should be moved down to the bridge. I do not suppose you care about the town; you know it is not in my command. I do not think it safe as now guarded.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, February 11, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I have just returned from opposite Decatur. Cars can run there as soon as Duck River bridge is done-say next Wednesday. Not much done west of Huntsville; four pretty large bridges to build. I will get ready to move as suggested. I ought to have five or six regiments back now. The Second and Seventh Iowa's time is out, also Fuller's brigade from Ohio. If could hurry up their return I would be strong enough. The Tennessee is fordable in two places and the cavalry force has increased. I suspect that Davidson's brigade from Rome has been sent down the valley. There was a pontoon bridge in Nashville when I was there. Can I have it?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

24 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

