
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 6, 1864-2 p.m. Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Yours of yesterday received. Nothing is known here about General Foster's order, of which you complain, beyond the fair presumption that it comes from General Grant, and that it has an object which, if you understood, you would be loth to frustrate. True, these troops are, in strict law, only to be removed by my order; but General Grant's judgment would be the highest incentive to me to make such order. Nor can I understand how doing so is bad faith and dishonor, nor yet how it so exposes Kentucky to ruin. Military men here do not perceive how it exposes Kentucky, and I am sure Grant would not permit it if it so appeared to him.

A. LINCOLN.

FRANKFORT, KY.,

January 6, 1864.

Major-General GRANT:

General Boyle has been ordered, on 23rd December, by Major-General Foster, to send all organized troops in Kentucky, except small garrison at depots, to Knoxville. This order takes the forces raised under special act for Kentucky defense, will expose the State to desolation by home rebels and guerrillas, kept down by their presence, and will occasion the destruction of your southern communications through Kentucky by guerrillas. The twelve months' troops were all raised under the act for State defense and to relieve other troops on that duty.

T. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 6. Chattanooga, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

It having been reported to these headquarters that, between 7 and 8 o'clock on the evening of the 23rd ultimo, within 1 1/2 miles of the village of Mulberry, Lincoln County, Tenn., a wagon which had become detached from a foraging train belonging to the United States was attacked by guerrillas, and the officer in command of the foraging party, First Lieutenant Porter, Company A, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, the teamster, wagon-master, and two other soldiers who had been sent to load the train (the latter four unarmed), captured. They were immediately mounted and hurried off, the guerrillas avoiding the roads until their party was halted, about 1 o'clock in the morning, on the bank of Elk River, where the rebels stated they were going into camp for the night. The hands of the prisoners were then tied behind them, and they were robbed of everything of value about their persons. They were next drawn up in line, about 5 paces in front of their captors, and one of the latter, who acted as leader, commanded, "ready," and the whole party immediately fired upon them. One of the prisoners was shot through the head and killed instantly and three were wounded. Lieutenant Porter was not hit. He immediately ran, was followed and fired upon three times by one of the party, and, finding that he was about

