HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., February 11, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Fourteen of my largest regiments of infantry from different commands along the line of railroad started this morning at 7 o'clock for the place designated. I have sent General Matthies in command, he being the only general officer now in the corps present except division commanders. If they are to remain at any given point I will leave him in command, but if to go to the front I will send some one else and relieve him. You will please notify me if it becomes necessary to send some other officer.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

February 11, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: After having almost made a cavalry command of 7,000 men, I have put it all in motion, and will move with all energy to the accomplishment of the work assigned to me. The delay that has resulted from the failure of the cavalry brigade to arrive here from Columbus has been so long and so vexatious that I have worried myself into a state of morbid anxiety and fear that I will be entirely too late to perform my part of the work, and to have moved without that command would have been to make the success of the movement forth in a report which I ordered Colonel Waring to make of his march, and which will accompany my own report of my operations.*

I shall not be able to communicate with you again for some time. Forrest is south of the Tallahatchie with about 8,000 men all told-about 5,000 good troops. May success attend all your operations. I will do the best I can.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 24. Chattanooga, Tenn., February 11, 1864.

I. Major Southard Hoffman, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported in obedience to orders from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, is assigned to duty at these headquarters, and will report in person to Major-General Thomas, commanding the department.

II. Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, is ammounced as provost-marshal-general of this department, vice Lieutenant Colonel William M. Wiles, Twenty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, relieved at his own request.

---------------

* See Part I, p.262.

---------------

