
III. Captain Paul Babcock, jr., signal officer, U. S. Army, is announced as chief signal officer of this department, vice Captain Jesse Merrill, signal officer, U. S. Army, relieved, to date from January 5, 1864.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,No. 20. Tullahoma, Tenn., February 11, 1864.

The Third Wisconsin Volunteers (Colonel William Hawley commanding) will, at as early an hour as practicable to-morrow, march to Fayetteville, Lincoln County, Tenn., there to establish a camp for Union refugees, in compliance with General Orders, No. 2, paragraph IV, current series, headquarters Twelfth Corps, of February 10.

The regiment will be provided with 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and such a quantity of rations as the transportation will allow. Colonel Hawley will make weekly reports to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams, commanding division:

GEORGE ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE General MANAGER, MIL. RAILROADS, U. S.,

Nashville, Tenn., February 11, 1864.

A. ANDERSON, Esq.:

SIR: You are hereby appointed general superintendent of transportation on U. S. military railroads in the Military Division of the Mississippi.

Your duties will be confined to the management of transportation on all railroads in use in this military division, together with all necessary repairs of the same.

You will have, with the approval of the general manager, full authority to engage the services of all persons for whose acts you are held responsible, and will have full power to dismiss any subordinate when in your judgment the interests of the service will be promoted thereby.

You will also, with the approval of the general manager, have authority to establish rates of compensation of all persons serving under you.

You will at an early day present to the general manager, for his approval, a plan of the organization of your department.

You will have authority to make requisitions for supplies upon the assistant quartermaster detailed to service on military railroads in the Military Division of the Mississippi. You have power to make requisitions for men or materials, or both, upon the chief engineer in charge of construction in this division, when in your opinion the emergency calls for such assistance.

As the duties of the general manager will occasionally cause his absence from this military division, you will at such times, and in order to secure prompt action, obey any orders emanating from the general-in-chief of this military division, or the generals in command

