
morning), says that our possession of the portion of East Tennessee in perfectly secure against all danger. The condition of the people within the rebel lines cannot be improved now after loosing all they had. Longstreet, where he is, makes more secure other parts of our possessions. Our men, from scanty clothing and short rations, are not in good condition for an advance. There are but very few animals in East Tennessee in condition to move artillery or other stores. If we move against Longstreet with an overwhelming force he will simply fall back toward Virginia until he can be re-enforced or take up an impregnable position. The country being exhausted, all our supplies will have to be carried from Knoxville the whole distance advanced. We would be obliged to advance rapidly and return soon whether the object of the expedition was accomplished or not. Longstreet, could return with impunity on the heels of our returning column, at least as far down the valley as he can supply himself from the road in his rear. Schofield telegraphs to the same effect. All these seem to be good reasons for abandoning the movement and I have therefore suspended it. Now that our men are ready for an advance, however, I have directed it to be made on Dalton, and hope to get possession of that place and hold it as a step toward a spring campaign. Our troops in East Tennessee are now clothed; rations are also accumulating. When Foster left most of the troops had ten days' supplies, with 500 barrels of flour and forty days' meat in store and the quantity increasing daily.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Cleveland, Tenn., February 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to address you for the purpose of calling the attention of the general commanding the department to the sad condition of the inhabitants of the belt of country lying between our lines and the lines of the Confederate forces south of us. These people are divided in sentiment, some adhering to the Confederate cause, many more professing Union sentiments. The latter are the subjects daily of gross outrages at the hands of Confederate soldiers, being driven from their homes and having their houses and buildings destroyed. Two case of burning Union men's houses have occurred within a few days; one, a Mr. Lusk, near Red Clay, the other, a Mr. Southerland, near Spring Place. From all I can learn this was done in a spirit of wantonness, and although I cannot say by the orders of any Confederate officer, a very considerable body of Confederate troops were present.

I would respectfully suggest that this matter be made the subject of a communication to the commander of the Confederate forces at Dalton, as I have every confidence that he would promptly exert his authority to suppress this needless and wanton vandalism.

Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

