
When my First Brigade was ordered to remain at Nashville the order was rescinded, but to me clearly indicates what will be done when the First Brigade moves. From all I can learn I am led to believe that my division will be taken front before any other troops in the district, consequently desire to have my troops as much in hand as possible. Leaving the Nineteenth Michigan alone at McMinnville almost isolates it from the rest of the brigade, rendering a movement necessarily slow if not uncertain. What I would suggest is, the Twenty-third Missouri be left, where it is and the Nineteenth Michigan drawn in. If General Rousseau's division is to remain in the district, would it not be better for his regiments to garrison the isolated posts?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, concurring in the opinion of the division commander.

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,February 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with the request that the commanding general will give this request such action as in his judgment he may think proper.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., February 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh Army Corps:

Orders having been received to remain here until again ordered to the front, the command is being kept in readiness to move when ordered. Thus situated, I think the only duties that ought to be imposed upon this brigade are such as would not force me to delay several days after ordered to move before I could have the detachments brought into their respective regiments. One detail of men has already been made on the brigade, to be gone ten days and to be stationed 15 or 20 miles from the city. That I had filled, and wrote to General Granger, commanding post, desiring no more such details to be made on this brigade, as I thought such details might place me in a condition not to comply with the order to march. I have had the wagons unloaded, but am otherwise ready to move when ordered, as soon as the detailed men can be called in. I am anxious to get my division in front and together as soon as consistent with the public good, for I long to have a public test of my men

