
All agree in stating that the force was large, and composed exclusively of cavalry. The advance I should judge to have been for the purpose of reconnoitering the positions and strength of our forces on this side the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded to major-general commanding corps.

February 11 and 12, the rebel force on the Sevierville road were cavalry, and have retreated through Haynes' Gap, 230 men. The rebels have burned the fortifications and evacuated Strawberry Plains. Rebel citizens are leaving the Plains with the army. Rebel picket 2 miles this side of Rocky Valley meeting-house.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., February 12, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following report, being the effective strength of the Ninth Army Corps:

Staff of First Division, Ninth Army Corps, 4 officers.

Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant E. Gittings commanding, stationed with First Division at Erin's Station, E. Tenn.-3 officers, 83 men; total, 86.

Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain W. W. Buckley commanding, detached, stationed in entrenchments around Knoxville-4 officers, 82 men; total, 86.

First Brigade, First Division, Colonel David Morrison commanding, stationed at Erin's Station, E. Tenn.-51 officer, 870 men; total, 921.

Second Brigade, First Division, Colonel E. W. Peirce commanding, stationed at Erin's Station, E. Tenn. (N. B.-The Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, numbering 18 officers and 191 enlisted men, and the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, numbering 17 officers and 137 enlisted men, have re-enlisted and are waiting to be furloughed; they are included in this brigade)-62 officers, 851 men; total, 913.

Total of First Division, Brigadier General Edward Ferrero commanding, 124 officers, 1,886 men; total, 2,010.

Staff of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, 7 officers.

Second Brigade, Second Division, Lieutenant Colonel M. N. Collins commanding, stationed at Lyon's Mills, E. Tenn. (N. B.-The Second Maryland Volunteers, numbering 18 officers and 222 men, have re-enlisted and are waiting to be furloughed; they are included in this brigade)-31 officers, 788 men; total, 819.

Total of Second Division, Brigadier General O. B. Willcox commanding, 38 officers, 788 men; total, 826.

Unassigned: Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant W. P. Graves commanding, detached, serving in Fort Sanders-3 officers, 73 men; total, 76. Four companies Seventy-first Regiment Indiana

