
Volunteer Infantry (mounted), Colonel James Biddle commanding, detached on special duty-11 officers, 262 men; total, 273. Total of unassigned, 14 officers, 335 men; total, 349.

Total effective strength of Ninth Army Corps, Major General John G. Parke commanding 176 officers, 3009 men; total, 3,185.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Decatur, Miss., February 12, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, on the march:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will push forward and up to Little Chunky River, about 4 miles east of this place, one brigade of your command, and also the cavalry commanded by Colonel Winslow. The remainder of your corps you will put in camp at your convenience anywhere east of the water near Decatur, which will enable the Seventeenth Corps to close up well and be in good position. it is now all on the road and moving forward well.

I am, with much respect, general, yours truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

DECATUR, MISS., February 12, 1864-5 p.m.

General HURLBUT, Little Chunky:

Your train has been standing here for the last four hours and does not move a bit. I have sent forward to see why. I doubt if McPherson can get here for your train. Somebody ought to see to the rear of your train. It stops, drivers sit by the road, and all seem to wait for God or Providence to fill the ruts or mend the bridges. Get ready to start forward without train other than the one ordered last night, and as soon as you hear of McPherson coming up within supporting distance shove on to Big Chunky and toward Meridian. The point I am to reach is the Tunnel Hill, from which to strike both railroads to the west and south of Meridian. Do you hear anything of W. Sooy Smith?

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 13, 1864-10 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Chattanooga:

Logan, with fifteen regiments, is now on his way to Chattanooga. This will enable you to move forward with all your effective force. Start at the earliest practicable moment. It will be well to keep up the idea among the officers and men that they are going into East Tennessee until you actually start.

By this means the enemy may be deceived.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

