HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., February 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

Since seeing General Foster, General Grant has decided to defer an advance on Longstreet for the present. I think, however, that it would be advisable to be prepared to repair Strawberry Plains bridge in the shortest possible time, so that if General Grant decides on making an advance that you can have the cars to depend on. If I can get rid of Johnston at Dalton I can spare you 10,000 infantry, and perhaps more in case of necessity. I learn to-night that the engineer, Mr. Wentz, thinks he can build a temporary bridge at Loudon in two weeks. If so, I think you will have no further difficulty. I would advise that you detain the steamer Lookout at Loudon as a ferry-boat until the bridge is finished. She will do you more service there than in running between that place and this.

Your quartermaster and commissary should confer with Colonels Easton and Porter, and make arrangements for the shipping of supplies of forage and subsistence.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, February 13, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, In the Field:

Halt your troops wherever you may be when this reaches you, and await further orders. It is possible you will not be required at Chattanooga.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 13, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Colonel McCallum reports that protection papers prevent his getting timber necessary for railroad purposes along the line of the railroad. Please telegraph orders to commanding officers along the line of the railroad within your command not to interfere with Colonel McCallum's men taking such timber as he may deem necessary, giving receipt, however, where protection has been extended.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 13, 1864.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Loudon, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you nominate three regiments from your First Division, two from your Second, and two from the Third, to be permanently detached to form the garrison of Chattanooga, three at least of these seven regiments to be

25 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

