
veterans. The others will be ordered down at once by you to report to Brigadier General James B. Steedman, commanding Chattanooga and defenses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., February 13, 1864.

Major G. W. KIRK,

Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry:

MAJOR: You will repair delay to the mountain district in the western part of North Carolina, and collect together rapidly the straggling soldiers in that region, and such efficient loyal citizens as may enlist in the regiment which you are authorized to raise.

As soon as you shall collect a sufficient force, say from 100 to 200 men, you will descend upon the rear of the rebel army under Longstreet, and destroy as much as possible of his stores and means of transportation. His main depot of supplies is understood to be at Jonesborough; this and such others as you may hear of, you will destroy if possible. Commencing at the point where you strike the railroad, say in the vicinity of Jonesborough, you will move along the railroad into Virginia, damaging the road as much as possible by burning bridges, trestle-work, water tanks, cars, &amp;c., and by tearing up the track. Continue your work as far into Virginia as possible. It is especially important to burn the along trestle-work along the middle fork of the Holston.

The work assigned you is one of vast importance, worthy of any sacrifice brave men can make. I rely upon your bravery, skill, and devotion to the Union cause, to insure your success. The results should be accomplished within ten days or two weeks from this time; three may not be too late. You will send me dispatches frequently, giving such information as you may collect concerning the enemy. Having completed this expedition you will then proceed with the organization of the regiment which you are authorized to raise. You have full power to assume command of all United States soldiers you may find separated from their regiments in the district in which you are to operate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Motley's Ford, East Tenn., February 13, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication relative to preparations for an expedition toward Virginia under Colonel La Grange. Every effort is being made to recruits our horses, but as yet I have been unable to procure the necessary horseshoes. My quartermaster is now absent for that purpose.

I regard the expedition as utterly impracticable at this season of the year under any circumstances. Without horseshoes, and imperfectly

