
provided in other respects, it is likely to result in a failure, possibly a sacrifice of the command. Before any plan is definitely determined on I should like to have an interview with you.

Two of my forage guards were attacked yesterday by 8 guerrillas; they killed 2 and wounded 1. One of my men was killed. The property of those recognized has been ordered destroyed, and if any of them are captured they will not be treated as prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Blue Springs, Tenn., February 13, 1864-11 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Intelligence has been brought me an hour since by a citizen that a large force of rebel cavalry, estimated at 2,000, has passed the house of Mr. Carr, some 8 miles east of this point, or rather southeast, on the Spring Place and Cleveland road, going north. The road forks a short distance above Carr's and swings around Cleveland toward Charleston, and again toward Benton. The person who brings the report is vouched for as a loyal and upright man, and he has it second-handed from a Mr. Randolph. It is probably true that somewhat of a force has passed up in that vicinity although nothing can be ascertained of its number or purpose. It may be a mere reconnaissance or may end in a dash on Cleveland or an attempt to cut the railway or capture a train between that point and Charleston. I have advised Colonel Long at Charleston of my information and Colonel Enyart at Ooltewah, and am preparing to look to everything in this quarter as well as may be. I arrived here this afternoon and have given all the ademption possible so short space of time toward getting the surrounding topography, position of the command, approaches, &amp;c. Means have been taken to ascertain the truthfulness of the report, and, if possible, the numbers and direction of the enemy during the night, and I will advise you as speedily as practicable of what comes of the rumor.

In haste, I am, truly, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 13, 1864.

General THOMAS:

It was reported to me by a rebel captain who brought a rebel mail to McMinnville that Wheeler intended to capture two boats that were going to leave Chattanooga Sunday evening for Knoxville.

THOMAS H. JONES,

Scout.

WATERFORD, MISS., February 13, 1864.

Colonel McMILLEN, Commanding Brigade:

SIR: I am moving my whole cavalry force, except two battalions, toward New Albany to-day. A battalion of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry will threaten a crossing at Wyatt, and one of the Ninth Illinois

