SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS GILBERT'S BRIGADE,Numbers 2. Memphis, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

I. Captain Otis Whitney, Company M, Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers; Captain James W. Cheney, Company D, Forty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Herman C. Hemenway, Company C, Twenty-seventh Iowa Volunteers, are appointed a board to investigate the matter pertaining to the taking of certain goods from the house of Mrs. Julia Baker by men of this brigade. They will ascertain as near as possible the kind, quantity, and quality of the goods taken, with their value, by whom taken, and how disposed of, identifying, if possible, the men. If not able to identify the men, ascertain the company or companies. If the companies cannot be ascertained, ascertain the regiment, reporting the facts as early as practicable to these headquarters.

By order of Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, commanding brigade.

C. T. GRANGER,

Captain Co. K, 27th Iowa, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NEAR MAYNARDVILLE, TENN.,

January 7, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,

Commanding Forces in the Field, Strawberry Plains:

GENERAL: I have just received two reports from Tazewell. One of my lieutenants left there at 3 p.m., yesterday, and met Captain Strouse on the way back from a scout toward Bean's Station. No rebel force on the river except guerrillas.

The other is a dispatch from Colonel Thielemann to-day, who says there is no reliable information of Jones' whereabouts since Monday, when he fed his horses about 18 miles from Tazewell, toward Mulberry Gap, or between Mulberry and Cumberland Gaps. He also mentions reports of rebels at the fords, without crediting them.

The Sixth Indiana Cavalry are scouting in the vicinity of Tazewell.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,January 7, 1864.

Lieutenant H. W. PERKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

SIR: I wish to state, in addition to my letter of yesterday, that 800 axes were marked for this corps, and ordered to be kept at Kelley's Ferry. It was a long time before transportation could be obtained, and as soon as obtained they were carried past to Chattanooga. Now they are ordered back to Brown's Ferry. Precisely the same thing is true of a quantity of shoes waiting transportaion on the boats. I wish the general would ask, in the statement which he makes to General Thomas, that this carelessness in delivery be corrected.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

