HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., February 14, 1864.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding Cavalry Forces:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that Colonel Garrard's division move to the vicinity of Clinton to guard the roads and approaches from the northeast, between the Holston and Clinch Rivers. A portion of the force will occupy Powell's Valley for the purpose of obtaining forage for the command.

Your own division will guard the passes in the country about the head of the Little Tennessee. To effect this object you can move your command as far in that direction as forage can be procured, and then send out detachments to watch the passes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

PULASKI, TENN., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS, Chief of Staff:

General Roddey, with most of his command and part taken of Davidson's brigade, have moved south toward Gadsden; the last left day before yesterday, and crossed mountains on Gadsden road. Only a few men in Tuscumbia Valley. Scout in from Montgomery left the 5th; says on the 4th four regiments passed through, going toward Meridian, and also says that this is all that have passed except the division and brigade that went through about a month ago. He also says that the troops are parts of three or four divisions; the last came from Atlanta. The conscription id being enforce everywhere and sending to the army a good many men. Scout was in Montgomery only five days.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, February 14, 1864.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Cav. Div., Calhoun, Tenn.:

You have doubtless received the report of Brigadier-General Cruft about the reported movements of rebel cavalry upon the Cleveland and Spring Place road. The major-general commanding desires that you send a small cavalry force upon that road to make a reconnaissance and ascertain the truth or falsity of the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, February 14, 1864.

Major General G. GRANGER, Loudon, Tenn.:

Intelligence has been brought here that a force of rebel cavalry, 2,000 strong, has been passing up the Spring Place and Cleveland

