
WASHINGTON, February 15, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.,

Major-General BUTLE,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that, if you have under your command any persons under sentence of death for desertion only, you will report their cases to the War Department and suspend the execution until further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, February 15, 1864.

Major-General GRANT, Nashville:

Your communication of the 13th, by General Elliott, was received yesterday. Seven regiments of Logan's force have arrived. General Matthies reports that the remainder will reach here to-morrow.

My plan was to place Matthies in reserve, near Cleveland, and march with Stanley's division, supported by two brigades of Matthies's, on the road from Cleveland to Dalton, and, with the Fourteenth Army Corps, take the direct road from here to Dalton, covering my advance and right flank with cavalry.

I have thought of the route you suggest, but find upon inquiry that the roads across the mountain are so difficult that they can hardly be considered practicable at this season of the year. I have been considerably embarrassed by having General Stanley and Davis summoned before the McCook court of inquiry, just at this time; but if it continues to rain through the day, as it did all night, I think nothing will be gained by starting just yet.

In the mean time, Stanley and Davis can yet back by Wednesday. Should the weather clear up, however, I will not wait. I intend to relieve as much of the cavalry at Calhoun as I can with infantry, and send it (the cavalry) toward Dalton, via Spring Place, in co-operation with Stanley's force.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, February 15, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

In consequence of Longstreet's movement in this direction, I have ordered one division of Granger's corps to this place. I think Stanley should move up as far as Athens and Sweet Water so as to protect the railroad. Longstreet has not advanced farther than Strawberry Plains. No further news from him to-day.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., February 15, 1864.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general, I have sent your orders by telegraph, through Captain Anderson, assistant adjutant-general,

