
at Lexington, to use all dispatch in remounting Wolford's division and getting ready to take the field.

The Fifth Indiana Cavalry have been ordered to Mount Sterling, to report to you, for the purpose of being remounted and re-equipped. This regiment has gone to Cumberland Gap to receive the horses turned over by Colonel Pennebaker's brigade; but that brigade had, in the mean time, received orders from you to proceed to Mount Sterling, and had taken these horses. The commanding general therefore decided to send the Fifth Indiana to Mount Sterling.

Garrard's division has been ordered to Clinton to guard the roads between the Holston and Clinch Rivers. McCook is to look after the passes about the head of the Little Tennessee.

Longstreet is moving down in this direction, whether with a view of investing Knoxville or cutting our communication with Chattanooga remains to be seen. Rain has set in to-day, which will probably interfere seriously with his plans.

The railroad is now in running order from Loudon to Chattanooga. Trains arrive daily. McCallum expects to run seven trains each day. Everything looks like the commencement of active operations at no distant date.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, February 15, 1864.

General GRANGER,

Loudon:

Garrard's division of cavalry is ordered to the vicinity of Clinton, on the Clinch River.

Elliott's division will remain about Maryville. Troops were to start from Chattanooga to-day. I have telegraphed General Thomas to send Stanley's division forward to Athens and Sweet Water.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, February 15, 1864.

General GRANGER,

Loudon:

You will please move one division of your corps without delay, and dispose the other division so as best to protect the railroad between this place and the point occupied by General Stanley's division.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP,

February 15, 1864.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Numerous deserters from the rebel army are coming in, giving themselves up. Please send quantity of printed blanks containing the oath for such deserters, as required by General Orders, No. 10,

