
respectively, and that Colonel Weaver turn over to the said J. W. Waldron or his family the amount so collected, and make report of the same in compliance with General Orders, No. 4, 1864, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi: Clay Stinmitt, &amp;1,000; John Marks, $800; Quarles Mayfield, $300.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

No. 18. Camp Nelson, February 15, 1864.

General Orders, No. 2, current series, from these headquarters, providing for the exemption from impressment for public labor or the negroes of those persons engaged in feeding public stock, are hereby revoked. Hereafter no exemptions of this character will be granted until persons desiring them shall forward their application to these headquarters, accompanied with a statement of the number of negroes they have subject to the impressment under the provision of General Orders, No. 43, series 1863, from these headquarters, also the number of Government horses and mules they are feeding. The statement must be made in writing and sworn to and subscribed before a justice of the peace or notary public.

By command of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

A. C. SEMPLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 41. Nashville, Tenn., February 15, 1864.

I. Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Kentucky until relieved by Brigadier-General Ammen, now on court-martial duty at Cincinnati, Ohio. When so relieved, he will report in person at these headquarters.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 16, 1864-6 p.m. [Received 12.30 a.m.,17th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Allen telegraphed me that General Banks had taken a large amount of river transportation to New Orleans, preparatory to a move up Red River; also that a staff officer was collecting transportation for Sherman for the same move. This was crippling us here for transportation, and I stopped it. I expected Sherman, however, to go to Shreveport and form a junction with Steele's movement if Banks has not the force to send. I would suggest that Sherman himself go in person if a part of his troops go.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

26 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

