
General Schofield directs that you send a scouting party well up in the direction of Paint Rock or Warm Springs, and ascertain if any such movement is being made; and further, that you ascertain, as far as possible, the position, designs, and movements of Longstreet's command. In addition to this reconnaissance you will endeavor to command. In addition to this reconnaissance you will endeavor to employ spies and scouts to visit his camps, and gather all useful information possible. Please communicate fully and promptly all information of importance that you may be able to obtain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, February 16, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER,

Knoxville:

It is reported that Longstreet's main force is moving from Dandridge along the foot of Smoky Mountains, intending to cross the Little Tennessee as far up as possible and then make his way into Georgia; the report came from a courier entitled to some credit. Inform Colonel McCook I direct him to ascertain the truth of this report.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Parker's House, Tenn., February 16, 1864.

Captain JOHN PRATT,Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

I have the honor to furnish herewith statement of scouts sent out by myself on the 12th instant:

Started from Motley's Ford and proceeded through Tellico Plains, thence to Coker Creek, thence to Cherokee County, N. C., where there are six companies of rebel infantry at home on furlough. The road good to Tellico Plains, thence mountainous; not blockaded; no body of troops near this place. Forage enough to subsist a cavalry force for a few days.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

I would respectfully request that a party of 300 men from this brigade be sent to rout and, if possible, capture the above-mentioned force.

PULASKI, TENN., February 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Railroad is finished and in running order. Trains can safely run to this place. One of my mounted squads, while out obtaining cattle in Lewis County, captured the noted guerrilla chief Dunc Cooper and 10 of his men. He was on his way [so he says] to burn bridges on the railroad.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

