HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tenn., February 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Chief of Staff:

I send Major Park to Nashville for the purpose of getting the pontoon bridge that is there. I understand there is a bridge there not in use, and if I can obtain it I can now speedily and readily carry out General Grant's orders in relation to movement on Tennessee River. If not in repair I can mend it add enough to it to make it available.

Please give the major such aid and orders as will put the bridge in my possession, and I will move it as soon as needed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN., February 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

There is a steam-boat running on Tennessee River dealing in cotton, paying salt, sugar, coffee, and gold. It runs to Eastport and Waterloo. On the boat is a relative of General Roddey, and the boat has his protection. The points it runs to are all in rebel lines.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, Tullahoma, Tenn., February 16, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,A. A. G., Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Pursuant to instructions contained in General Orders, No. 6,* headquarters Department of the Cumberland, I have caused to be collected within the district named the sum of $30,000, and have sent the amount to the families mentioned in said orders. I inclose a copy of the special order detailing Captain Moseley to deliver the money to these families; also a copy of instructions given him.

In order to render certain the collection of the full amount ordered, an assessment was made for a sum exceeding the amount, with the expectation that in many instances the officer to whom the duty was intrusted would fail in making collections. He was more successful, however, than I anticipated. This fact, together with the sale of some personal property [chiefly cotton] for a higher price than was anticipated, has brought into my hands the sum o $5,654,57 in excess of the amount ordered to be collected. A small portion of this sum, say $654,57. I desire to return to persons who should not have been assessed, some of whom have assisted in the collection of the amount and given valuable information. After returning to these men the amount paid by them, there will still remain in my hands the sum of $5,000.

---------------

*Of January 6, p.37.

---------------

