
It was my intention to have returned any excess of this nature, pro rata, but as the force sent to collect this amount was returning on Friday last, two soldiers about one-half mile in advance of the column were shot by guerrillas. They are both privates of the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, and both good soldiers. I would respectfully ask for authority to divide the balance now in my hands between the families of these men, and for authority to send the amount to them by Colonel Ketcham.

Colonel Ketcham is deserving of great credit for the manner in which he has discharged his duties in this matter, and is entitled to any favor that can consistently be granted him. He will present this letter in person and give you any information in connection with this matter that you may desire.

As soon as Captain Moseley returns with receipts, I will send them to you, with any other vouchers that may be in my possession. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,No. 35. Tullahoma, Tenn., February 15, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

Captain W. W. Moseley, aide-de-camp, will proceed to North Cape, Racine County, and Delavan, Walworth County, Wis., and to Burton, Geauga County, Ohio, for the purpose of executing so much of General Orders, No. 6, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, as relates to payment to certain families therein named the money collected for their benefit pursuant to said orders.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, Tullahoma, Tenn., February 15, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM W. MOSELEY,Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: You have been detailed to convey to the families named in General Orders, No. 6, Department of the Cumberland, the money collected for their benefit pursuant to said order.

To avoid risk of loss you are advised to secure drafts payable in New York before leaving this department.

The order contains instructions as to the parties to whom the money is to be paid. These instructions are based upon information furnished to the commanding general as to the families of the murdered men. Should this information, in either case, prove incorrect you will endeavor to carry out as nearly as possible the spirit of the order.

In each case you will do well to consult with one or more prominent and trustworthy citizens before delivering the money; and if necessary you will seek the advice and assistance of the judicial officers of the county or a judge of one of the higher courts. You will

