
I do not know whether you could have done better, but I now urge upon you to bring your command to this point at the earliest possible moment. The other two brigades are 5 miles south of New Albany, where they have been waiting since day before yesterday, affording the enemy ample time to concentrate or escape, just as may best suit his own plans, while we are thrown that much more behind the infantry movement that is already ten days in advance of us.

Yours, truly,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div.of the Mississippi.

NASHVILLE, February 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN,

Commanding Dist.of Central Kentucky, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Inclosed please find Special Orders, Numbers 41, assigning General Burbridge to the command of the District of Northern Central Kentucky.* The reason for such assignment was the uncertainty of the time you might be absent. When relieved from duty on court-martial you will return to your district and relieve General Burbridge in its command.

By order of Major-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 19. Knoxville, Tenn., February 16, 1864.

General Orders, No. 196, from these headquarters, series of 1863, establishing the District of Middle Tennessee, is hereby rescinded. By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 17, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have given no orders to General Sherman in regard to his movements, but requested him to communicate freely with General Banks and Steele in regard to concert of action. I presume, from General Banks' dispatches, that General Sherman proposes to go in person to assist in effecting a junction between Banks and Steele on Red River. By last dispatch he was waiting an answer from Steele. In regard to river transportation you will exercise your own discretion, giving them all you can spare.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*See p.401.

---------------

