
KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 17, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Your dispatch of the 12th, deferring movement, was received yesterday. I will get my command in condition as rapidly as possible. Can you tell me about what time the movement will probably be made? My preparations will depend somewhat upon the length of time. It will hardly be safe for me to send off any veterans, unless General Thomas can replace them by other troops. Longstreet's cavalry is so much superior to mine that I have to keep the railroad strongly guarded by infantry. I have telegraphed General Thomas on the subject.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 17, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

Can you not by proper disposition of your cavalry and Granger's corps prevent any raid on your communications west of Knoxville? It is highly desirable Thomas should make a move for which he is now prepared, and which will be prevented by re-enforcing you. It is also desirable that the force at Knoxville should be kept at the lowest standard, so as to accumulate supplies for a large force when needed. It is hoped that Sherman's and Thomas movements will throw the enemy into a position which will leave your army and Thomas' to act more as a unit.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Longstreet cannot afford to place his force between Knoxville and the Tennessee. If he does, it will then be time to move against him. The work of a raid on the road can soon be repaired, if it cannot be prevented. Make your contemplated move as soon as possible.

GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., February 17, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Your dispatch of this morning received. I have had more obstacles to overcome than I had anticipated. I find it absolutely neessary to take artillery, for which I must have horses. I cannot say positively what day I shall start, but certainly by Monday. The destination is not known, as all think it is Schofield I am to re-enforce. The rebels have the same information from scouts. The heavy rain of Sunday has raised the Chickamauga so it is not fordable. I also desire to have Generals Stanley and Davis back.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

