
KNOXVILLE, February 17, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 11 p.m., 16th, is just received. Longstreet remains with his infantry, so far as I can learn, at Strawberry Plains, New Market, and Dandridge. Has made several demonstrations as if to cross at Strawberry Plains, but has not crossed.

He has sent three brigades of cavalry from near Sevierille along the foot of Chilhowee Mountains, with the apparent intention of crossing the Little Tennessee; his cavalry officers say, to make a raid upon the railroad in rear of Loudon, and then move into Georgia.

The river has risen so much that I think McCook's cavalry will be able to prevent his crossing the Little Tennessee. If you can leave Stanley's division on the road, I can do without other re-enforcement until you can make your demonstration on Dalton. I will have to retain the veterans. It is rumored in Longstreet's camp that his main force is to move into Georgia by the route taken by the three cavalry brigades. I think the cavalry movement is all [a feint], but will watch him closely.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, February 17, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

General Grant thinks Longstreet cannot afford to place his force between Knoxville and the Tennessee River. If he does it will then be time for my advance against him. Keep me advised.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, February 17, 1864-5 p.m.

General GRANGER, Loudon:

Inform me as soon as possible anything you can learn of the movements of the rebel cavalry. The advance brigade encamped on Little Tennessee River, at the mouth of Ellejoy Creek, last night. I presume Colonel McCook can prevent their crossing the Little Tennessee. Colonel McCook is placed under your orders for the time being.

SCHOFIELD.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 17, 1864.

General GRANGER, Loudon:

Garrard's division of cavalry was ordered two days since to Clinton. Have they crossed the river yet? If they have, let them halt as near Loudon as they can procure forage. If they have not crossed the river, please send orders to them to halt where they are, and await further orders.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

