
of the railroads east and north, especially that of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Direct Colonel Winslow to look well to the enemy eastward, and support him if necessary. General Crocker has been heard from as being in Enterprise yesterday at 3.30 p.m., and no enemy there, and learns that the troops [two brigades] sent from Mobile have returned there, and you have at your front Loring's and French's divisions with the cavalry; nothing to fear, as one of your divisions can handle them. In case the enemy make any move in force upon you, your point of concentration is Marion Station, on the Mobile and Ohio road. Communicate to the general commanding any information of the enemy, or of General Sooy Smith, that you may be able to learn. He is anxious to hear of the latter. General McPherson has two brigades here, sufficient to hold the place. The general commanding will remain here until Smith is definitely heard from.

I am, general, with much respect, yours, truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Meridian, Miss., February 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Third Division:

Ten or 12 miles effectually destroyed will be sufficient on the Selma railroad. When that is accomplished close your command well up, opening communication with Brigadier General James C. Veatch. Report to these headquarters frequently and fully as to your operations and whereabouts. The general commanding expects to be up with you to-morrow morning.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Old Marion, Miss., February 17, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

By 12 m. I will have completely destroyed 12 1/2 miles in advance of us last evening; found a cavalry force in his front, with Ferguson on his right and a similar force on his left, marching on parallel roads, and thought it unsafe to march farther without additional cavalry. I forwarded General Sherman's letter to him, which explained fully the object of his present advance. As he applied to me for instructions, I ordered him to fall back in case there was danger of his being cut off; that I would remain at this camp to-day to furnish aid if he needed it. He had heard nothing definite of the whereabouts of General Smith, but that the telegraph wires had been cut north of

