
KNOXVILLE, February 18, 1864-1 p.m. [Received 19th.]

Major-General GRANT:

Nashville:

The belief is very general among citizens living within Longstreet's lines that he is making some movement toward Georgia, but I have not yet been able to get the facts in a reliable shape. The most reliable reports indicate that one division of infantry and a considerable force of cavalry have gone in that direction. The infantry is going up the French Broad. The cavalry was to go down this side of the mountains and attempt to destroy the railroad below Loudon before crossing the mountains into Georgia. They have failed so far to get across the Little Tennessee and have probably taken the other route.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 18, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Longstreet moved his main infantry force from New Market toward Strawberry Plains yesterday morning. I have nothing more definite.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 18, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER:

The rebel cavalry undoubtedly intended to attempt a raid upon your rear, but have abandoned it on account of the rise in the river. They may renew the attempt if it becomes practicable. Please give me the distribution of Sheridan's division, also of Stanley's if you know it. Does Stanley now report to you?

SCHOFIELD.

CHATTANOOGA, February 18, 1864.

General GORDON GRANGER:

Dispatch of this morning received. Wood's and Sheridan's divisions being temporarily detached from my command, I cannot give any orders regarding the furloughs of veteran regiments, but I believe General Grant has instructed General Schofield to let veteran regiments go home.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

McCULLOCH'S HOUSE, One Mile above Rockford, on Little River, February 18, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have found no facts confirmatory of the report made to me by the servant, and which I communicated to you last night.

