
A small rebel scout of 17 men came into Rockford yesterday and remained but a short time. They represented that the force they came from was up at the mouth of Ellejoy Creek. Just as the head of the column reached Rockford the advance guard met another rebel scout of about 15 men coming in from the same direction toward Rockford. They ran at once and made no stand, nor indicated in any way that they were near a supporting force. It is about 4 or 4 1/2 miles up the river road to Kennedy's Mill, at which point the main road from Trundle's Cross-Roads to Maryville crosses the river. From here I will send a scout of 200 up to Kennedy's Mill. I can get better information of their movements at the crossing places of the river than I can by scouting in the direction of Maryville, and can protect my communication with Knoxville.

I will not send a scout toward Maryville.

All the information I can get from citizens corresponds with the theory that they are not moving on an expedition, but merely moving in our rear for forage.

An officer I had in charge of a courier line from Motley's Ford to Maryville has reported to me that when he left Colonel McCook's headquarters about noon of day before yesterday the river wan not fordable; that it had risen 2 feet above the fordable point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Loudon, Tenn., February 18, 1864-8 p.m.

Colonel EDWARD M. McCOOK,Commanding First Div. Cav., Army of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that citizens from the neighborhood of Morganton report that the advance of the rebel cavalry is in that place, having arrived there to-day. If this report is true they may try to cross the river. You will therefore guard the fords below you and prevent such crossing if possible. He suggest that to-night will be a favorable time to cross on account of the moonlight. If they do ford the river pursue them with your whole command with the greatest vigor. Attack and destroy them if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., February 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK,Assistant Inspector-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: In reply to your confidential communication* of February 8, I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding that so far as I have been able to learn the unfavorable report of the conduct of Major General G. Granger, in reference to the recent falling back from Dandridge, was without good foundation.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

