
General Granger was sick at the time, and for that reason not in immediate command of his corps. I understand General Parker to take the entire responsibility of the falling back from Dandridge. The reports of the whole matter are conflicting and unsatisfactory. I will endeavor to get more light on the subject. One thing appears to me clear-that is, that the advance to Dandridge, by the route chosen, and with the force there under General Parker's command, was a great mistake.

I do not at this time deem it necessary to relieve General Granger from his command, but am glad to have the authority to do so if it becomes necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Marion, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am here at Marion Station, only 2 miles from you. General Hurlbut is here, and General Sherman is coming up this evening.

Yours, truly,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Old Marion, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General S. A. HURLBUT,Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: All is quiet in front. We have no enemy in force nearer than Old Town, 15 miles on the Southern Demopolis road. I have sent out cavalry on the different roads, to the front 8 or 10 miles, to reconnoiter. Being without rations I have large foraging parties out from each regiment in all directions, and know from the burdens of the incoming parties we can't starve. We have thoroughly, completely, and most effectually destroyed 12 miles of the Selma road, and partially 3 miles in addition, by burning bridges, trestles, and culverts, and taking up part of the track. I am located on the railroad one-half mile south of Old Marion, with Second and Third Brigades, the First between Old and New Marion.

Your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, February 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expedition against Meridian:

Inclosed I send you copy of dispatches* between General Halleck and myself relative to a movement up Red River on your return

---------------

*See pp.401,402.

---------------

