HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Meridian, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON:

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, Meridian:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that in consequence of hearing nothing from General Sooy Smith he may change somewhat his former plans. To this end you will assemble your command at near Meridian, General Crocker's division near the bridge over the Oktibbeha, 4 1/2 miles west on the Hillsborough road, and be prepared to march back to Vicksburg on the 20th instant. Direct General Crocker in his return from his present position to destroy all railroad and other road bridges over the Oktibbeha and Chickasawha Creeks south of the one on Hillsborough road, which we are to use.

I am, general, with respect, yours, truly,L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Marion Depot, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES C. VEATCH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding corps directs that you send a brigade or two strong regiments of your command up the road to Lauderdale Springs, destroying the town, &amp;c., thoroughly, moving to-morrow morning. Returning, the command will destroy as much of the railroad, depots, bridges, culverts, &c, as may be possible under the nature of the march. The troops must march light, making as prompt an advance and as speedy a return as possible. Colonel E. F. Winslow, chief of cavalry, has been ordered to send a regiment of cavalry to cover the movement. A report of the operations of the command will be made to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Marion Depot, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,Chief of Cavalry [through Brigadier General A. J. Smith]:

SIR: Recent instructions from Major General W. T. Sherman render it necessary that the troops ordered toward Lauderdale Springs return here to-morrow by sundown. It may be impracticable for the expedition to reach Lauderdale and return. You will therefore report a regiment at daylight to-morrow morning to Colonel Howe, Thirty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, at this place, and lead his expedition, pushing into and firing Lauderdale, if found practicable, and returning to this place by sundown.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

