
NASHVILLE, TENN., February 19, 1864-7.30 p.m. [Received 11 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Is there any way by which an inspector may be authorized to send for persons and take evidence in cases of suspect fraud against Government before charges are made? Such authority is much needed to secure a thorough investigation of the quartermaster's department.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 19, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

If the division is coming from the north the best route is via Nashville. It is hardly possible to bring troops here through Kentucky at this season. From Nashville the best route is to Carthage, by boat, and thence by Montgomery and Winter's Gap; or they can march from Nashville by way of Sparta and Kingston. The road via Montgomery is the best. There is forage enough on either route unless it has been consumed recently.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General T. T GARRARD,Commanding District of the Clinch:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 13th instant, conveying suggestions with regard to a movement from the head of Big Sandy. The dispatch was submitted for the consideration of the commanding general, who approved the views presented, and at some future day may avail himself of them.

Your dispatch accompanying the roster of your command has also been received.

It will be impossible to comply with your request that the members of a court-martial to be convened in the District of the Clinch shall be detailed from these headquarters, in consequence of the want of information here as to the fitness of the officers in your command for that duty. The commanding general desires that, as far as possible, courts-martial shall be ordered by the commanders of corps or districts to which the offenders belong.

Longstreet has moved his forces lately. His cavalry and a considerably portion of his infantry are on the south side of the French Broad. The remainder of his infantry is at Strawberry Plains, with detachments at Blain's Cross-Roads and at Flat Creek. There are reports that his cavalry is moving over the Smoky Mountains toward Georgia.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

