
but who are worthy, may be taken along in the empty wagons. This will be a matter left largely to your discretion after seeing the people and finding out their circumstances. Cotton cannot be hauled in our train.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, Marion, February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The expedition to Lauderdale Springs has just returned, and the major commanding reports that Ross, with his command, moved north yesterday, camping last night 3 miles north of Lauderdale. The people say that all their cavalry are concentrating at Macon to stop General Smith who has driven General Forest to that place, The major reports that he burned the station-house, commissary, and other buildings at Lauderdale, railroad culverts, &amp;c. On his return he failed to find the infantry under Colonel Howe, they having undoubtedly returned to camp.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

EGYPT STATION, February 19, 1864-11.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: A number of concurrent rumors are to the effect that Forrest is concentrating with all energy at some point this side of West Point. Move Hepburn's brigade into the vicinity of Prairie Station to encamp to-night. I will move Waring to that point, McCrillis on the right. Try to communicate with me frequently.

Yours, truly,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Aberdeen, Miss., February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General W. S. SMITH,Chief of Cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have just arrive [12 m.], and I am moving out on the West Point road. No force of any account found here. They scattered on different roads. Colonel Burgh has a few prisoners. I send a battalion with this dispatch. They can move south from Prairie Station and take some road leading to the road I am on. Send me word how far you will get to-night. I can make West Point to-day, unless there are some obstructions. Crossing of Tombigbee, both here and at Cotton Gin, can soon be made. Let me hear from you by return of battalion.

Respectfully,

B. H. GRIERSON.

