
GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS.17TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 4. Meridian, Miss., February 19, 1864.

The object of the recent expeditions having been completely and successfully accomplished in driving the enemy [except small bodies of cavalry] out of the State of Mississippi, and thoroughly breaking up the interior railroad communications, the troops are about to return to the Mississippi River. Although there is no great force of the enemy in our immediate vicinity, and probably will not be on our line of march, still small parties of the enemy's cavalry will be hovering on our flanks and rear, rendering it necessary to preserve all proper caution to guard against surprise. Division, brigade, and regimental commanders will exert themselves to prevent straggling, and will see that their commands are well closed up and the men in ranks on the march. The marches will be short each day, and there will be no necessity for men falling behind. Foraging parties will not be sent out, except under a strong escort, and the commanding general trusts that no pillaging, burning, or wanton destruction of private property will mark our course, but that our march will be orderly and systematic, creditable to you as soldiers, and worthy the cause for which we are fighting. Should it be deemed necessary to destroy any buildings, mills, tanneries, &amp;c., on the line of march, orders will be given and the proper details made to do the work.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 20, 1864-1 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I know of no law authorizing an inspector to send for persons and take evidence unless such persons, not military, are willing to attend; but the difficulty can be avoided by the order of a court of inquiry by the President, of one or more members. If you want such a court, telegraph who you want on it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 20, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Understanding that a greater number of brigadier-generals have been appointed than can be confirmed by the Senate, I would respectfully state that the list or recommendations sent in by me was made up from those recommend by their corps or immediate commanders. Being personally acquainted, however, with all those who have been so recommended, I will now submit the list anew, giving their names in the order of my preference, taking into consideration services rendered and fitness for the position:

First. John A. Rawlins.

Second. Charles R. Woods.

Third. Giles A. Smith.

