HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., February 20, 1864.

Extract from a letter of Brigadier General Kenner Garrard:

FEBRUARY 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,Chief of Cavalry:

From my recent connection with the Cavalry Bureau, and my information of the great want of horses in the different armies, I fear there will be difficulty in having our re-enlisted regiments mounted. When in Washington arrangements were made to send General Grant 8,000 horses, but at Louisville General Allen told me in addition Governor Johnson wanted 5,000, and he will probably be supplied first. The 5,000 for Governor Johnson was not provided for, and no knowledge of his wants possessed by the authorities at Washington. As there are at present but few horses on hand, and the requirements for spring reach near 50,000, you can judge of the necessity to urge our claims.

The foregoing extract is furnished for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, February 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Grant, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

It is presumed that the order from the War Department was intended to place the Military Governor of Tennessee on same footing as governor of loyal States in organizing and equipping troops for U. S. service, but as I am responsible for the supplies of this department, copies of this order and letters of instruction should have been furnished me to enable me to make the proper requisitions for the necessary supplies and equipments for such troops as he can organize. In this connection, I would respectfully suggest that it will be necessary to procure 8,000 or 10,000 horses to mount the cavalry in this department, already organized, which horses should be furnished in this department, already organized, which horses should be furnished them in preference to those about to be raised by Governor Johnson. Inclosed I send copy of letter on the subject of supplying cavalry horses from Brigadier-General Garrard, who was a short time chief of cavalry in Washington. There is required in addition to the above 3,500 horses to thoroughly equip the artillery of this army, which horses should be coming down now.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 20, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit for your consideration, herewith inclosed, a copy of the Quartermaster-General's remarks upon a communication of Major-General Thomas, relating to the condition of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and to railroad matters in his department in general.

