
KNOXVILLE, February 21, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Longstreet has crossed a considerable force off infantry at Strawberry Plains. I made a reconnaissance in that direction yesterday. Found from 3,000 to 5,000 infantry on the east bank of Flat Creek.

The enemy's cavalry seems to be all south of the French Broad, but I cannot hear of more than one brigade of infantry in that region. I have learned nothing more of the rumored movement toward Georgia. If any infantry has gone it is Johnson's division, about 3,000 strong, and it has gone up the French Broad.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MAUBRY'S HILL, February 21, 1864.

Major General G. STONEMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Vedettes from the Rutledge road report seeing from 800 to 1,000 rebel cavalry moving slowly toward our lines in front of the position of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio. This was about 4 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood, commanding One hundred and eleventh Ohio, has just sent me word that the body of the enemy above referred to were seen to cross over toward the Virginia road. Have we any cavalry out? If the report as to numbers is true any detachment at Love's may be cut off. I await your suggestions as to the propriety of sending out a regiment as far as Love's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MOTLEY'S FORD, TENN., February 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that a party of my scouts, in command of Sergeant Brooks, sent in direction of Cosby Creek, returned this evening. They succeeded in advancing as far as Tuckaleechee Cove, where they met a foraging party of the enemy; killed 1, captured 10, and took five wagons with teams. The wagons were burned and the teams and prisoners brought here to me.

Prisoners report that Longstreet has crossed the Holston and is advancing in the direction of Knoxville; their cavalry is in the vicinity of Maryville; one brigade at McNutt's Bridge, near Sevierville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-One of the scouts informs me that a man told him that Morgan's division had left the vicinity of Sevierville two or three days since without baggage. He did not hear where they had gone.

