HDQRS.2nd DIV., CAV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., February 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that 2 deserters from the enemy came in to the picket from this command stationed on Tazewell road. These are both intelligent men. They belong to the Fourth Texas Regiment, Brigadier-General Robertson's brigade, of General Hood's division. They report that they left the enemy's lines at Flat Creek, on Knoxville and Strawberry Plains road, at sunrise yesterday, 20th instant. They report, that the whole of Hood's division, about 4,500 strong, was on this side of Holston River. They crossed Holston on pontoon bridge. Three hundred hands are at work on the railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains. They report that the general impression in their army is that they are moving on to besiege Knoxville. It is reported generally that Longstreet has been re-enforced, but they have no knowledge of any such re-enforcements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

CHATTANOOGA, February 21, 1864.

Major General G. GRANGER:

Was my communication of the 13th instant, on the subject of detaching regiments to form the garrison of Chattanooga, received by you? If so, has action been taken? It is desirable to designate the garrison of this place at once. The chief engineer is absent in Nashville; when he returns I will lay your request for a map, that he may furnish it if he has it.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, February 21, 1864.

Colonel FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have been notified from department headquarters not to send the regiments to Chattanooga, under the order, for the present. Will make the selection and notify you soon. Nothing new. In marching trim.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, February 21, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Do your troops move to-morrow? It is important that at least a demonstration be made at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

