
could catch them. I have a brigade review to-day. My command is prepared to move at an hour's notice. I send 4 citizens and 8 rebels to Chattanooga. Two citizens took the oath willingly. All well.

With kind regards to all the command, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. ENYART,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

VICKSBURG, MISS., February 21, 1864.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: About the 14th of last December, a Mr. Horn, living at Goodrich's Landing, offered me $500 to give him a clearance and confirm him in the possession of a certain lot of cotton, part of which it was discovered subsequently he had stolen from his employer. I put him in arrest, and while considering the case determined, on account of his family, not to try him by a military commission, but to send him up North, which I did, and forbid his return. Had he been tried he would have been sent to Alton. Mr. Horn, I find, has returned, and I met him the other day in the city. I would respectfully request that he be required to comply with my order of banishment; or, if that will not suit him, let him be turned over to me and I will order a commission in his case.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, February 22, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,Nashville:

The following has been received from General Palmer at Ringgold, 10.30 p.m.:

We have reliable information that Cheatham's and Cleburne's divisions have gone to Demopolis. Cleburne left yesterday. General Cruft is at Red Clay to-night, and has pushed a reconnaissance toward Varnell's Station. Long has gone toward Dalton on the Spring Place road, with orders to push his reconnaissance as far as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, February 22, 1864-10.45 p.m.

Major-General PALMER,Ringgold:

Your report of the movement of the enemy is confirmed by report of a deserter. Push the reconnaissance with caution and endeavor to ascertain the truth of your information and mine. Colonel Long will reconnoiter as near Dalton as possible by the Spring Place road.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. P. WILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

