
to-morrow for the purpose of obtaining this corn, that on the north side of the river being nearly exhausted.

Three days before we reached here the rebels forded with wagons above Hays' Ferry and hauled away severel thousand bushels of corn from this side.

I think Morgan's division occupies the position it does chiefly for the purpose of covering this foraging. If any force is to be sent to Dandridge it is to be hoped it will reach there in time to save this 20,000 bushels of corn, besides meat, flour, and cattle.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Clinch Mountain, Tenn., January 8, 1864.

General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

A. A. G., Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to respectfully call your attention to the following copy of note just received from the headquarters of this division:

KNOXVILLE, January 6, 1864.

General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourth Corps:

The pontoon bridge at this place is gone and not a bushel of wheat is coming in, consequently the mills here have been stopped. I can send no fresh bread to your division for some days to come. The last boat up did not bring a pound of bread and there is not a pound of bread or flour in town. Hence the last stores that went out will have to be nicely economized for fear of the worst.

We should have at [least] three-quarters rations (300,000) per week, but not half that comes.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your humble servant,

D. REMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

* * * * * *

I would submit as follows: After the battle of Chickamauga, September 20 to November 28, the fortunes of war compelled the Army of the Cumberland to subsist on limited rations, their allowance much of the time being less than half that fixed as necessary for the soldier. From that time to about the 20th of December their subsistence was precarious, sometimes ample and at others scant, dependent upon the ability of the country to supply it, and since then from one-half to two-thirds rations have been supplied by the commissary of subsistence. The extent of the services of troops under my command, their losses in battle, and much of their hardship and exposure is known to the department commander. During this time the command has not been able to procure clothing necessary for its health and comfort. There have been many men during all this time shiftless and shoeless.

On the 20th of December it was expected in four days to form depots to be able to move on with the campaign, after twenty days the above dispatch shows with what success. The supplies of the country, which before military occupation were abundant, are exhausted, and forage is obtained only in limited quantities, after a journey of 30 miles. The transportation of the command, one team

