
from the south side of the French Broad. I shall march for Strawberry Plains with all my available force to-morrow morning, leaving a sufficient garrison for this place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MOTLEY'S FORD, February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

In reply to your dispatch, Longstreet has no courier line through any of the points mentioned. My troops have been at all of them within the last three or four days. An expedition I sent to Murphy captured 5 commissioned officers and 35 men, infantry. No large force of the enemy in that vicinity. Another sent through Montvale Springs to Wier's 'Cove captured 28 and burned five wagons. Fifteen of Thomas' Indians came in yesterday.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,Commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will have your command in readiness to move at daylight to-morrow morning on receipt of orders, in light marching order, with three days' rations in haversacks, and 40 rounds of ammunition per man in cartridge-boxes. The men will carry 20 extra rounds of ammunition per man on the person. They will take shelter-tents. The present camps, with baggage, &amp;c., will be left under guard of convalescents and men unfit to march. No transportation will be taken.

The detail ordered to-day for fatigue duty is hereby countermanded.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Cumberland Gap:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. Should you need re-enforcements send for the Fiftieth Ohio, at Wheeler's Gap, and the Ninth New Hampshire, at Camp Burnside. These regiments have been directed to obey your orders. A dispatch to this effect was sent you yesterday by courier.

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville, via Chattanooga:

Breckinridge is in command at Abingdon and the salt-works. At Abingdon he has but 500 men, at the salt-works 4,000 men. The

