
ment will join you. Keep a sharp watch of rebels over the river. Probably the best point for your camp is near where the common road bridge crosses the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Repair the dirt road that leads to Decatur through swamp. Examine the sloughs and see if they are navigable into Limestone Creek. A man will be sent you by Colonel Martin. Make your reports to senior officer of the brigade, and at same time send all reports of enemy direct to these headquarters. Take all the rations with you you can.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., February 23, 1864

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

The One hundred and eleventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers will march, starting at the earliest practicable moment, with all camp and garrison equipage and ten days' rations, to the junction opposite Decatur and report to Colonel Swayne, Forty-third Ohio, forty duty. All officers and men belonging to the regiment who are on detachment service within the command will immediately report to the regiment.

This will be considered as detaching the regiment from the division and brigade in which it is now serving.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN., February 23, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS, Athens:

One of the scouts just from Atlanta and the river says he found Roddey at Gadsden with about 2,500 men. It must have been four or five days since scout left there, as Roddey took his horse and he had to walk to Larkinsville. He is reliable. The force on south side of Tennessee River must be part of Roddey's old command, or else he has returned. Which is it?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 23, 1864.,

Brigadier-General REID:

Make such disposition of your forces as to guard and protect the river. Give yourself no trouble concerning goods going into Kentucky. Treasury agents will be held responsible for the quantity that goes.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

