
force tendered him for the repairs of the road, and so conducted affairs generally as to produce the most unfavorable impressions.

I have thus endeavored briefly and honestly to give what I believe to be a true statement. If I am wrong, I shall regret it. If right, I shall always have the consciousness of having done my duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCALLUM,

Colonel and General Manager Military Railroads, U. S.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Knoxville, Tenn., February 23, 1864

The troops of this command will march to-morrow morning at daylight on the Strawberry Plains road in the following order;

Ninth Corps, Major-General Parke.

Second Division, Twenty-third Corps, Major-General Stoneman.

Third Division, Fourth Corps, Brigadier-General Wood.

Colonel Garrard's cavalry division will march half an hour before

daylight to-morrow morning on the Strawberry Plains road.

Brigadier-General Hascall is placed in command of Knoxville.

General Tillson's command and the Third Division Twenty-third Corps, will remain within the defenses of Knoxville. General Hascall will distribute such portion of his command in the defenses ass may be necessary to defend Knoxville against attack by a small force, and will hold the remainder of his force in readiness to move at short notice. He will keep his cavalry scouts well out to the eastward, south of the French Broad, so as to obtain early information of any movement of the enemy in that direction. He will also watch carefully the crossings of the Holston between its mouth and Flat Creek.

The convalescents and others remaining in camp will strike tents, and move all camp and garrison equipage within the defenses of Knoxville. The camp and garrison equipage will be held in condition to be transported in wagons or cars, as may be ordered hereafter.

All necessary preparations will be made to comply with the foregoing order, but in consequence of the rain tents will not be struck until further orders.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 24, 1864

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Major-General Slocum's letter of the 2nd, with your indorsement of the 9th, in regard to the anomalous position of the commands of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, has been received and submitted to the Secretary of War.

This arrangement having been made directly by the President I have no authority to effect any change.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

