
or Georgia. As soon as I can cross the river I will push forward as far and as rapidly as possible. His main force has gone toward Goldsborough. The indications are that his whole force is going up the French Broad.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

(Same to General Thomas.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Cobb's House, February 24, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have heard from Colonel Garrard. He had halted his command just at the bend of the river to give his men their dinner.

He will move this brigade to Stone's Mill (Richland Creek), and will scout beyond and picket Nance's Ferry and McKinney's Ford. The other brigade had reached Blain's Cross-Roads and saw nothing of the enemy. I hear that Garrard has another deserter from Twenty-fourth Georgia (McLaws' division). Left his command on Monday night at Panther Springs after having made a march of 25 miles. Panther Springs are 4 miles this side of Morristown. Says officers' baggage was marked "Dalton;" that McLaws had rejoined his division, and that all Longstreet's army was in motion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Madisonville, February 24, 1864-6 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that this brigade, leaving one battalion at Motley's Ford for picket duty, marched to this place to-day, and is now in camp 1 mile north on the Loudon road.

The pickets left to be maintained on the Little Tennessee are as follows: First, Howard's Ford, 2 miles above Motley's; second Motley's Ford, 2 miles above old Fort Loudon: third, Niles' Ferry, 2 miles below Motley's; fourth, Inchim's Ford, 5 miles below Motley's; fifth

-----

Ford, 7 1/2 miles below Motley's; sixth Turnteeze Shoals, 5 miles below Jackson's and one I think at Morganton.

The First Brigade, Colonel Campbell, which has been on the Citico Creek, 6 miles above Motley's, marched yesterday to a point 5 miles south of this place, and is now there. This is the only part of the command that I have yet seen, and it is in sufficiently deplorable condition. The men are in good condition physically, but much in need of clothing, which I was glad to see arrive last night. But the horses are reduced to almost the last stage, and unless forage can be speedily procured, the entire command must be speedily dismounted. The horses, besides being starved, are sore-backed, sore-footed, and present a sorry sight. Discipline is lax, and the whole command

