
seems loose and unserviceable. It will want a terrible deal of pains to make it effective again. Of about 900 men for duty, 300 are dismounted.

Scouts in last night report no rebels of any kind between Motley's and Maryville; they also report enemy's cavalry to be on the headwaters of the Ellejoy, in the mountains. Other scouts are out; expected in to-morrow. The map is wrong; Madisonville is nearly due west of Motley's, which, with old Fort Loudon, is 4 miles above the point indicated. Tellico River really empties some 4 miles above the place indicated. It is designed to try the country on the Conasauga and Estenaula Creeks for forage, and if it fails, I know not where else in this region can any be procured. This immediate country for 6 or 7 miles, by all accounts, is entirely stripped. Can you not supply a limited quantity now by rail or boat to Loudon, for this suffering cavalry. Great complaints meet one on every side in this neighborhood, and on the road from Motley's, of the destruction, wanton and wicked, of General Sherman's troops. Please send me a late newspaper or two, and also my mail, care Colonel McCook, by courier.

Very respectfully,

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Loudon, February 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for the information of the general commanding.

I cannot see the possibility of longer subsisting our cavalry upon the country as nearly every nook and corner is exhausted of forage and subsistence. The only means of keeping it alive is by bringing supplies by the cars and boat. About seven cars per day are required to maintain the cavalry along the railroad between this and Charleston. Unless this is attended to at once we will be minus cavalry within three weeks.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, February 24, 1864-4 a.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Reports from the front just received. Our skirmishers engaged the enemy for some 4 miles, and drove them through Tunnel Hill on double-quick. A mile beyond town they formed, and brought up a battery of artillery. Colonel Long went within 3 1/2 miles of Dalton, and drove a regiment of infantry out of winter quarters. Our main force encamped within 3 miles of Tunnel Hill last night, and will be on the road to Dalton to-morrow night.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 24, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. Push the enemy as far as possible. If unable to carry Dalton, keep, at any rate, a heavy force threatening

