
unless the necessity for their remaining be greater than what I have intimated exists for their return, I hope you will order them back at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, February 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS:

I have information from a scout just in from Atlanta and Rome to this effect; The rebels are building strong fortifications at Rome; one brigade stationed there under General Brown. Atlanta is well fortified and strong fortifications are being erected north on the Oostenaula River. About 5,000 troops at Atlanta. Hardee with some troops has gone in the direction of Sherman. Roddey with 2,500 cavalry is at Gadsden preparing to make a raid on bridges across Tennessee, &amp;c. Johnston's forces in bad condition for want of clothing. Citizens about Atlanta looking for Longstreet's forces to come to that point; this I don't give any weight to. A large force is being collected at some point for a raid into Kentucky, Wheeler's Morgan's and other cavalry. John C. Breckinridge is to have command of the expedition; General Buckner, one of his generals, to command one column. This information was gathered from citizens in the vicinity of Atlanta and also from the engineer officers now at Oostenaula River. I give you this that you may compare with what other information you may have.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., February 24, 1864

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will order the Fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry with camp and garrison equipage forward at once to this place. Immediately upon their arrival here you will send one regiment of your command to Whitesburg and relieve the Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, now there. The commanding officer of the regiment sent to Whitesburg will receive his instructions and information from Lieutenant-Colonel Tourtellotte, commanding Fourth Minnesota Volunteers.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith;

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 25, 1864-1 p.m.

(Received 4.40 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General-in-Chief:

On the 23rd General Schofield telegraphed that he had good reason to believe Longstreet was leaving East Tennessee. He started imme-

