
diately in pursuit, since which I have heard nothing further from him. General Thomas' force left Chattanooga last Monday to demonstrate against Daltoon, to prevent forces being sent from there against General Sherman. Our troops have Tunnel Hill. Some prisoners, wagons, &amp;c., have been captured from the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 25, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 1.45 a.m., 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Schofield has moved to Strawberry Plains, and will follow Longstreet as soon as he can get over the river. He says information received says Longstreet was ordered back to Virginia but does not know if this is the fact. Schofield will follow up vigorously and ascertain his movement as soon as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 25, 1864-1 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Nashville, Tenn.;

Captain Hall, assistant quartermaster, Camp Nelson, Ky., asks permission to purchase 3,000 aged mules less than 14 hands high to enable him to send subsistence stores by pack trains to Knoxville, such a mode of supply being ordered by major-general commanding Department of the Ohio. Purchase of mules below 14 hands is prohibited by general instructions, and if allowed must lead to imposition. All our attempts to transport supplies by pack trains have proved most wasteful and costly failures. Is not the line of supplies by Chattanooga sufficient, or can anything but waste of money result from the attempt to pack via Cumberland Gap? Please give such orders as you find necessary and proper, and advise this department thereof.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

NASHVILLE, February 25, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

I do not think it advisable to get up pack trains, and have so instructed General Schofield. The route by Chattanooga is the only reliable one for the supply of East Tennessee, and neither requires animals nor teams.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 25, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Captain Hall applies for authority to purchase 3,000 pack-mules I am satisfied the route by Chattanooga will have to be relied upon

