
for supplying East Tennessee, and that the fitting out a pack train would be useless. When pack animals have to be resorted to it is because wagons cannot be used; then the mules can be taken for that purpose.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

February 25, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General GRANT:

Longstreet's whole army has gone as far back as Morristown and Greeneville; at least a rebel captain who came in yesterday says Longstreet is ordered to Virginia. Some deserters also say the wagons were loaded and ordered to Bristol, five days' rations having been issued to the men. It is quite uncertain whether Longstreet is going to Georgia or Virginia, and not quite certain whether he is leaving Tennessee at all. I will probably know the facts as soon as I can possibly advance from this place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 25, 1864

Major General U. S. GRANT,

I have not yet gained accurate information of the movements of Longstreet's army beyond Greeneville. The present appearance is that the most of it has gone toward Virginia. It will be impossible for me to move with any prospect of success before the 29th in force. Meanwhile I will know what disposition Longstreet has made of his army, and thus be able to judge what force I must take with me. I propose to take supplies enough to carry me to the Watauga, and if possible to the salt-works; without this my arrangements will not be complete, so I think it better to wait a few days to make these preparations than to move with only the three or four days' rations which the men can carry.

Please inform me whether this meets your views and wishes.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY CORPS,Stone's Mill, February 25, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I encamped one brigade at this place and one at Blain's Cross-Roads last night.

I have been able [to learn] nothing of a rebel force on this side of the Holston. A small scouting party of rebels came out on the road yesterday in the rear of the column and picked up 4 stragglers from the brigade that was marching to Blain's Cross-Roads. They retreated across the river at Nance's Ferry.

