HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Cobb's, February 25, 1864.

General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Captain Lydig has returned from his visit to Colonel Garrard at Stone's Mill; reports nothing seen of the enemy. Colonel G, intended moving up the river road, and proposed making his headquarters to-night at Massingill's Mill (about 10 miles in advance,) and intended scouting up toward Bean's Station.

I have had the fords above this examined-both pronounced practicable for wagons. The banks will require a little work. Howell's (the first) is about 2 miles distant, and McKinney's about 6 by the road. I sent with a courier about two hours since 3 deserters, who gave themselves up to Colonel Garrard's command. One was an officer in Basil Duke's regiment one of Morgan's old command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 25, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

I shall go to the front this morning to see how matters are progressing; may be gone or three or four days.

Keep scouts to your front on the watch toward Rome.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,,Tunnel Hill, February 25, 1864-5.05 a.m.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: You will push forward with your column toward Dalton. Attack any force you may meet. I am on my way to join you. General Baird's division is marching to your support. Lieutenant Shaw is fully in possession of the plans.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

D. W. NORTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WOODVILLE, ALA.,

February 25, 1864

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Huntsville, Ala.:

Harris reports that he just returned from a scout to Tennessee River, and has positive information that to-morrow night or night after two torpedoes will be brought across the river between the mouth of Flint River and Farren's Ferry. Harris is very anxious to waylay the party if I give him a number of men. My mounted men have

