
all been sent to patrol the river as advised this morning, and I cannot mount any more. Could a party be sent from Brownsborough, Harris could go out and meet them.

I will send out patrols along the line of railroad from Stevens' Gap to Camden to frustrate any attempt to do injury.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, February 25, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Dispatch from scout at Montgomery, dated 19th, says Sherman has reached Mobile and Ohio Railroad; that Polk has evacuated; that part of his force is north and part south of Sherman; that bulk of it has gone toward Mobile and fallen back behind Tombigbee River; that great consternation exists in all the towns; that all troops from there been sent to Polk, leaving only provost guard at Montgomery, Selma, and Tuscaloosa; that no troops have gone from Johnston's army at last report, but that everything that can be raked together is being hurried to Mobile and to Polk; that our ironclad have attacked forts at Mobile. Says rebels have no idea of Sherman's destination; that he is destroying everything, and that negroes, mules, and citizens, are flocking east. He sent a messenger through to Sherman. No battle up to that date had occurred.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Rawlins.)
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., February 25, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Commanding Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry:

Your command will not leave Whitesburg upon the arrival of a regiment from the Second Brigade but will remain there until further orders, you assuming command of the whole force there. Send up frequent reports of the condition of affairs. If you need more orderlies than you have they will be sent to you.

By order of Colonel Gabriel Bouck, commanding division:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., February 25, 1864

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Secretary of War:

Permit me to call your attention to the above choice gems from the newspaper world.* The former was cut from a letter written from

---------------

*Newspaper slips not found.

---------------

