
tions on the enemy's right, which were really deplorable. The great mistake of all was in checking the pursuit at Ringgold, for if one-half of the marching had been done there that was done in going to Knoxville the greater part of Bragg's army, and certainty all of its material, would now have been ours. I find I am regarded with a great deal of jealousy by those filling high places here, but of the balance of the army I have no cause to complain. I can survive it if they can. I am now guarding the railroad from Chattanooga to Murfreesborough and if the operations of the spring should be found to be easy going I shall not be much surprised if I am continued on this duty. Grant applied for a brigadier-general to be put in command of a department who has never fought a battle; at least so I am informed. Palmer's corps is now out in the direction of Dalton.

If the advance had ben on a line parallel to the railroad, instead of on it, the enemy there would have retreated in the direction of Atlanta. Now he may be induced to remain behind his defenses. Please excuse my long letter and also for bothering you with a matter relating almost wholly to myself. If of less consequence than professional character I would not have done it. It is the first time, so far as I know, that my humanity as a soldier has been assailed by any one, outside or inside my command, and how only by a thief and a liar.

I wish you well. Good-by.

Your friend and servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 25, 1864

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Reports just received from Vicksburg of the 19th instant, believed to be reliable, state the General Sherman entered and holds Selma after a severe fight. No particulars given.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY.,

February 25, 1864

Lieutenant R. D. CUNNINGHAM,

Commanding at Mayfield, Ky.:

Remain at Mayfield with your force. Keep a close, vigilant guard. If the guerrillas approach the neighborhood send out scouts in such numbers as will be safe and captured them. Keep your men well concentrated, that they may not surprised or overpowered. If the guerrilla force proves too strong for your scouting party fall back to the main and fight to the last.

Send in requisitions for such supplies as you may need of rations, &amp;c., and they will be sent out by railroad. Remain at Mayfield until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

