
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 8. Near Pearl River, Miss., Feb. 25, 1864.

By direction of the major-general commanding department, it is ordered that, after crossing Pearl River, the destruction of cotton and all other property by burning or otherwise must cease, save when ordered by the department commander.

Foraging will only be done by details made by brigade commanders, in charge of a field officer, for bacon, corn-meal, corn, and fodder, and in all cases a reasonable amount will be left for each family.

Houses are not to be entered excepting by a commissioned officer, who will be held strictly responsible that no pillaging occurs.

This order will be read to the regiments in the road, and the entire command is put upon its good behavior.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 6. Ratliff's Plantation, February 25, 1864

I. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters, the following order is published and will be rigidly enforced. Division brigade, regimental, battalion and detachment commanders are required to have this order so thoroughly disseminated that every officer and soldier will be unable at any time to plead ignorance in excuse for violation of the same. The order will be read in the hearing of every officer and soldier at least three times, and the fact reported in writing to these headquarters at 6 p.m. on the 26th instant; First,no house, cotton-gin, or building of any description will be burned or destroyed unless by special orders from these headquarters; second, no officer or soldier will be permitted to enter any house or other building unless by special orders from these headquarters, division or brigade headquarters; third, no foraging party will be sent out except by special orders from division or brigade headquarters, and then the names of the officers in charge will be registered at the headquarters of the brigade or division to which they belong, in order that any misconduct or violation of this order on the part of officers or men may be properly reported and the offender summarily deal with.

II. The acting assistant inspectors-general of the several divisions and brigades of this command are especially required to report at once any violation of this order, and they will at the end of the march make a special report in writing on the same to these headquarters. The provost-marshals of this command will also give this matter their special attention.

III. As much of the disgraceful pillaging has been done by negroes following the army, all officers and soldiers are instructed to arrest and send back any such individual found outside of his proper place in the column.

IV. The general commanding confidently relies on his officers and men, believing that they will sustain their reputation as gallant and well-disciplined soldiers, and that their march will be characterized by no acts of violence or wanton destruction of property, but that it will be becoming the well-earned reputation of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

