SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 49. Louisville, Ky., February 25, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Colonel C. J. True, commanding Fortieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, Paris, Ky., will send into Owen County, Ky., two companies of his command, under charge of an experienced and discreet officer, who is charged, with giving protection to the loyal citizens of that county and breaking up all bands of guerrillas in the county.

He will prevent his men from committing depredations on persons and property, and will in all cases give proper vouchers for forage and subsistence taken by him, indorsing thereon the loyalty or disloyalty of the persons from whom the forage or subsistence is taken.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, February 26, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

Your arrangements for following Longstreet will be satisfactory. I do not suppose you will be able to overtake him unless it should be his desire to give battle. The great object to be gained is to secure East Tennessee from another invasion by the enemy. If the railroad can be entirely destroyed up in Virginia it would but secure this. I am much in hopes an effort to do this will be made by troops from West Virginia. I have urged it, and before sending Crook off to that department expressed to him my views. He expressed a strong conviction that he could accomplish all I asked. Possibly such a move may now be making, and that accounts for Longstreet's present withdrawal. If this should be so it would then become advisable to push him from Knoxville as far and as fast as possible, and destroy the railroads close up to him. I would not advise any destruction of the railroad west of Bristol, if that point and farther east can be reached.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, February 26, 1864.

Major . General U. S. GRANT:

My present impression is that Longstreet's main force has gone toward Virginia, his cavalry and perhaps some infantry having been sent to Georgia. He will doubtless leave a considerable force to defend the salt-works, and can readily re-enforce it from Virginia unless the rebel army there be occupied. If Meade can, at the proper time, occupy the attention of Lee's army, I may be able to reach the salt-works. I propose to go prepared to reach that place if possible. At best it will exhaust all my resources, and will be impossible without a diversion in Virginia. Please inform me what I may expect.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

