
Oxford, 1,500 (Grisby's brigade); Gadsden, 2,500 under Roddey; White Plains, three companies; Cross Plains, three companies; in Will's Valley about 300 State troops.

The scout from Montgomery says all troops have been hurried to Mobile and Polk; corroborates the change of troops in the two armies, but thinks perhaps three brigades more went west than returned.

Most all the planters in Floyd, Polk, and Paulding Counties, Ga., have moved their stock, negroes and valuables south. They have no faith in the ability of their army to hold that portion of country. The scout says the work at Rome does not look like a vigorous effort to make the place very formidable, but north of Atlanta he says they are very busy. He saw advertisement of General Wheeler calling upon refugees to join him and enlist, as he should operate in Tennessee and Kentucky this summer.

Breckinridge and Buckner are collecting together all the cavalry in East Tennessee, and scout says that Humes', Roddey's, and Grigsby's brigades are all he could hear of with Johnston.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, February 26, 1864

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A major of colored troops is here with his party capturing negroes, with or without their consent. Many persons in this country employed their negroes to make crops; they are being conscripted. Is this right? It will entirely stop the cultivation of farms that were being prepared for crops by loyal men. I desire you to telegraph me instructions in the premises, so that I may interfere in these cases.

JNO. A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Have recruiting officers discontinue impressing negroes who are employed in any way by the Government or by persons known to be loyal to the Government. We want to encourage the cultivation of the soil, and all persons living in States declared free by the President can employ their negroes under Treasury regulations, and the fact of such employment is protection against impressment.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, February 26, 1864

(Received 1.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS:

COLONEL: I will call your attention to a contraband trade that is carried on from Shelbyville, Tenn., to Limestone County. Wagon-

