
recommends that you keep one man at Bridgeport to receive your mails and supplies; that he be required to see them shipped, and to accompany them until they reach their destination. After the cars commence running the general recommends that these men be transferred to the railroad.

If this plan is adopted and enforced and requisitions are seasonably forwarded it is hoped that we will have no more delays in receiving our mails and stores.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Pulaski, Tenn., January 8, 1864.

Colonel BOONE,

Twenty-eighth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry:

The general commanding directs that you prepare your regiment immediately for the march. You will march to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, and will move to Rossville, before Chattanooga, by the nearest and best routes, and there take post and announce your arrival at that place to Brigadier-General Whipple, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, Department of the Cumberland, at Chattanooga, Tenn. The commanding officer Fifth Iowa Cavalry will report to you and accompany your command. The quartermaster of this division will turn over to your regimental quartermaster eight wagons and teams. You will send drivers to these headquarters for the teams. Any quartermaster's stores needed by your command will be furnished by the division quartermaster.

By command of Brigadier-General Crook:

[ROBERT P. KENNEDY],

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN.,

January 8, 1864.

[General U. S. GRANT:]

GENERAL: One of the scouts has got back from Savannah. Smith got in Tuesday night. Crossed the Seventy-second Indiana on Wednesday. The reports there seemed to be that a part of Forrest's command was still in West Tennessee, but nothing was known certain. My scouts crossed over to go to Jackson Monday night, but the country was full of guerrillas. I think Forrest has gone out of Tennessee, leaving Newsom, Wilson, and Norton's [?] regiments, which were raised in West Tennessee. Roddey started to Forrest, but got word from Forrest that he had got out, and he returned. Spent New Years' at Russellville. This is reliable. He has now 20 boats at Little Bear, and has 100 men detailed all the time building.

Respectfully,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

