
WASHINGTON, February 27, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT

Nashville, Tenn.:

The Wisconsin regiment is ordered to Nashville, as requested. Others will be so ordered as fast as reported ready, unless you should wish otherwise. Much anxiety is felt here about Sherman's movements. We have nothing official since the 8th. Rebel accounts represent his forces as far south as Quitman, but say nothing of any movement on Selma. It is reported that Johnston has ordered the evacuation of that part of Georgia north of Chattahoochee River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 27, 1864-5.30 p.m.

(Received 11.20 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of 1.30 p.m. to-day received. General Thomas movement, intended to keep force from leaving Johnston, has had the effect to bring back one division which had already started south. I feel that with a a man like Sherman to command he is in no great danger. He will find an outlet. If in no other way, he will fall back on Pascagoula, and ship from there under protection of Farragut's fleet.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 27, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your letter of the 20th, with a list of recommendations for brigadier-generals, is received and submitted to the Secretary of War with my approval. I am not aware whose names were on the last list sent in by the President to which you allude, not having seen it or being consulted in regard to it. I understand, however, indirectly, that the nominations were made on the recommendations of governors of States and not of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, February 27, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Information has reached Washington that orders have been given for Johnston's army to fall back. General Thomas should watch any such movement, and follow it up closely. Can't you draw teams from Bridgeport and Stevenson to send supplies to the front? They have teams in great numbers at those places. Every energy

31 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

