
Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, General Judah commanding; three bridges. Material is generally good and one brigade in tolerable drill. The East Tennessee brigade has fair clothing, the other two need clothing. Arms generally in fair order, supply of ammunition small.

Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, General Hascall commanding; two small brigades. The Second Brigade, Colonel Cameron commanding, has arms in fair condition, tolerable drill, clothing not good, good material. The First Brigade is in bad drill; has dirty or bad clothing; discipline not good. Some men entirely without ammunition, others having 30 or 40 rounds. The Fourth and Eighth Tennessee Regiments especially were in bad condition as regards appearance, discipline and drill.

The books and records at corps, division, and department headquarters, with the exception mentioned, are generally in good order and kept up to date, or nearly so. On the 23rd instant, there were at Knoxville about thirteen days' full rations of bread and flour and larger supplies of other rations, in the case of beef there being nearly thirty. There were at and in vicinity of Knoxville 150 teams, with forage for ten days, the balance of the animals having been sent to Kingston. In the case of deficient supplies of clothing, shoes, ammunition, and bayonets, the attention of division and corps commanders has been called to the fact. In most cases it was stated that requisitions had already been made to supply deficiencies, and the quartermaster is now able to supply the articles most needed. Within a week the command should be well clothed.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

BRIDGEPORT, ALA., February 27, 1864

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I find everything at this post in good order. The fords are well guarded. Scouts are sent in every direction. The field-works are all garrisoned. I think you can feel perfectly safe as to this post and Stevenson.

H. W. SLOCUM.

Major-General.

GERMANTOWN, February 27, 1864-10.50 a.m.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

I know nothing of Colonel Waring, but will send a company at once on the north side of the Wolf to open communications with him. I will have a bridge over Wolf north of my camp to-day. I have sent details to Memphis to bring out camp and garrison equipage. I would like to come down to-morrow if you don't object.

W. P. HEPBURN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

GERMANTOWN, February 27, 1864-10.15 p.m.

General GRIERSON:

Colonel Waring was past a point opposite and 4 miles north of this place at noon to-day. He expected to encamp 6 miles from

