
inspector-general of this department subject to the approval of the President of the United States, vice Lieutenant Colonel Arthur C. Ducat, assistant inspector-general, resigned from the army.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN.,Numbers 44. Huntsville, Ala., February 27, 1864

I. Brigadier General Ellet, commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade, will devote his attention, and that of his command exclusively to the protection of the planting interest on the Mississippi River.

He is in no case to go below Vicksburg or above Greenville without direct orders from the department commander or other officers entitled to issue orders to him.

He is specially required to move from place to place within the limits herein prescribed as his services may be required to give protection.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 23. Canton, Miss., February 27, 1864.

I. To Brigadier-General Chambers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, is assigned the duty of destroying the railroad, locomotives, machinery, &amp;c., within the limits of the town of Canton.

II. To Brigadier-General Leggett, commanding Third Division is assigned the duty of destroying the railroad to the extent of 9 miles, commencing 1 mile north of the town of Canton. The rails are to be torn up, piled upon the ties, and effectually burned, as heretofore ordered.

III. Brigadier-General Crocker, commanding Fourth Division, and Brigadier-General Leggett, commanding Third Division, will reserve from the captured stock of their respective divisions 150 serviceable animals, including those already in service of the foraging parties. These animals will be mounted and will be employed in foraging for their respective divisions, in accordance with existing orders.

IV. The pioneer corps of the Fourth Division, under charge of Captain Merritt is assigned to duty destroying the locomotives, machinery, and railroad within the limits of the town of Canton, and will report to Brigadier-General Chambers for specific instructions.

V. Every corn-mill in the vicinity of the respective divisions will immediately be put in requisition to supply the command with corn meal.

By order of Major General J. B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY COLUMN,

Numbers 1. Canton, Miss., February 27, 1864

It being reported to the general commanding that a large quantity of corn meal is or has lately been, in Canton, a leave of 15,000 pounds

