
of corn meal is made upon the town, which must be delivered by 2 p.m., February 28, to Captain J. J. Palmer, chief commissary or information given as to where it has been run and stored. The civil authorities ad property of the city are held responsible for full and prompt compliance with this order.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, February 28, 1864

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

It will be impossible probably to supply the number of artillery and cavalry horses called for within this military division, but I would suggest that not all on hand be forwarded as rapidly as possible to this place and others be procured and forwarded as fast as they can be purchased. I will order their distribution from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 28, 1864

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville:

General Butterfield by my direction has recently examined the line between here and Nashville, and reports that he thinks 6,000 men will be sufficient to guard that line, two regiments of which force should be cavalry. From what I know of the road between Nashville and Decatur, 2,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry will be sufficient to protect that line. One thousand infantry will be sufficient to protect the line from Athens to Stevenson. Probably both lines of communication can be guarded by 6,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry a great portion of which should be made up from the local militia of Tennessee, or troops organized especially for the preservation of order in the State.

I believe, if I can commence the campaign with the Fourteenth and Fourth Corps in front, with Howard's corps in reserve, that I can move along the line of the railroad and overcome all opposition

as far, at least, as Atlanta. I should want a strong division of cavalry in advance. As soon as Captain Merrill returns from his reconnaissance along the railroad lines, I can give you a definite estimate of the number of troops required to guard the bridges along the road.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CHATTANOOGA, February 28, 1864

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville:

I have caused a thorough examination of the railroad between this and Tunnel Hill to be made. The officer reports that with 400 of Colonel McCallum's construction corps the road can be put in com-

