HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, February 28, 1864.

Colonel ELI LONG, Calhoun, Tenn.:

General Cruft is directed to send a regiment to relieve you at Calhoun. As soon as that is effected, march to Cleveland and establish your camp there, observing your front well in advance toward Dalton, and keep me advised of the movements of the enemy. Economize your men and horses as much possible by having those men not on scouting duty grazing their horses.

Have your quartermaster and commissary inform Colonel Easton, chief quartermaster, and Colonel Porter, chief commissary, of their necessary supplies so as to enable you to operate in our front and observe the movements of the enemy with perfect freedom.

If your supply of horses is not adequate to the emergency inform me at once, that the necessary measures may be taken to supply you.

I have already asked that all the recruits belonging to your brigade be fitted out immediately and sent to you, to enable you to keep our front well observed.

Until your detachment at Columbus can be relieved by a party from Colonel McCook it will have to remain there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, February 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FULLERTON,

Loudon:

I have just returned from the reconnaissance toward Dalton, an am in my old camp at Blue Springs, 4 miles from this place.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., February 28, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel J. E. TOURELLOTTE,

Commanding Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry:

COLONEL: If your are satisfied that there is no crossing or attack meditated by the rebel at Whitesburg, Ala., or vicinity, you may return with your regiment to camp at this place, first giving the commanding officer of Fifty-sixth Illinois such instructions and information as may be necessary.

By order of Colonel Gabriel Bouck, commanding division:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Vicksburg, February 28, 1864-3 p.m.

Generals HURLBUT and McPHERSON,

Canton:

DEAR GENERALS: I got here at 10 a.m. I find a immense mail, but nothing clear and distinct as to the Red River trip, except that Banks has made preparations to embark on the 5th, and expects Steele

