
NASHVILLE, February 29, 1864-6 p.m.

(Received 2.30 a.m., March 3.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

My last advices from General Schofield are dated 26th. Longstreet seems to be going into Virginia. Possibly some infantry and cavalry have gone south into Georgia. General Schofield could not follow farther, than Strawberry Plains, except with cavalry, because every step took him his supplies, while Longstreet was falling back on his base. The cavalry was directed to follow up and observe movement. I did not like, either, to move a force east while our army near Dalton was engaged with the enemy. General Thomas remained near Dalton as long as he could supply himself. He is back now to Ringgold, where he hopes to be able to haul supplies until the railroad can be completed to him. As soon as Schofield is heard from I will telegraph.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, February 29, 1864

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Whilst General Thomas is engaged in front of Dalton do not think it advisable for your forces to go up the valley. There is a possibility of it becoming necessary to re-enforce General Thomas with Major General Gordon Granger's corps. For the present push your cavalry as close on to Longstreet as possible and learn all you can of his movements. Be prepared to move yourself if circumstances should require it. There is no movement of troops in West Virginia nor on Potomac.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,New Market, February 29, 1864

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Ohio:

The general commanding directs me to say that he expects too reach Morristown to-night with the principal part of the command. The rain which has begun makes him more than ever anxious that the railroad bridge should be pushed forward with greatest possible dispatch and all the force put upon it which can be worked. The engineers may be informed that some hewed timber still remains beside the railroad, about 2 miles in rear of this place, and is probably some that Colonel Babcock had prepared when building the bridge before.

General S[chofield] also wishes that each train, whether of supplies or ammunition, should be in charge of reliable officer, who shall be responsible that it is brought through with energy.

We have heard nothing from the telegraph party, though the line seemed uninjured as far as we could observe from the road. Please order them to push forward as rapidly as possible, giving report of their progress.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in Field.

