
just entering outer works as Osband's cavalry got possession. Skirmish and fighting took place; rebels driven back. Our loss, killed, wounded, and missing, 20 to 25. Colonel Coates supposed it to be Forrest's advance; was confident of holding position, but feared Forrest would throw force to Liverpool, on Yazoo. Coates did not know of our force at Canton. Information of above has been sent Hurlbut.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS.,

February 29, 1864

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Learning from General McArthur that your movements are dependent in some measure upon information concerning General W. S. Smith's cavalry, I deem it proper to inform you that General Smith returned to Memphis last Friday. I saw him there. He reported to me his captures at 3,500 horses and mules, 1,500 contrabands, and 100 prisoners. He destroyed 2,000 bales Confederate Government cotton, over 1,000,000 bushels supposed Confederate corn, five bridges on and the railroad between Okolona and West Point. He moved as far as West Point; left there on the 22nd. I intrust this to General McArthur to forward to you. He will inclose to you some information concerning General Forrest's rebel cavalry near Yazoo City which may enable you to capture some of them on your return. I leave to overtake General Sherman, for whom I have dispatches, &c., from General Grant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, February 29, 1864

Brigadier General W. S. SMITH,

Commanding Cavalry Expedition, Memphis

(Care General Reid, commanding post, Cairo, Ill.):

Move out again immediately and push toward a junction with Sherman until you know he has struck a safe lodgment somewhere. If you hear of his arrival at Jackson, Miss., or any point on Pearl River south of there, you may regard him as safe and return. Take as many men as can possibly go.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS POST,

Vicksburg, February 29, 1864

Brigadier-General SHEPARD,

Haynes' Bluff:

Send two regiments with three days' rations and 100 rounds ammunition per man up the Yazoo River and occupy Liverpool, and com-

