
municate with Colonel Coates at Yazoo City. If no steam-boats are passing march by land. The object is to keep the communication and assistant Colonel Coates if need be. Start them at once.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 55. Nashville, Tenn., February 29, 1864.

2. Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, U . S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Louisville, Ky.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 11. Canton, Miss., February 29, 1864.

I. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding Third Division, will this morning move one brigade out on Camden road to Bogue Bayou Creek, where it will bivouac, with left resting on Camden road. He will move another brigade out on Yazoo City road to the same creek, where it will bivouac, with its left resting on the Yazoo City road. Brigadier-General Smith will relieve the regiment of the Fourth Division now holding the mill on right of Camden road and keep it in operation night and day. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, will, as soon as it is relieved, call his regiment from the mill and move out on Yazoo City road, occupying a position on north side of Bogue Bayou Creek, right resting on or near the Yazoo City road, extending well toward the Big Black, and throwing a regiment out toward Big Black.

II. Paragraph, of Special Field Orders of date, from these headquarters, is recalled and revoked. The entire command will be held in readiness to march to-morrow morning.

III. Reveille will be sounded to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock. The Third Division, Brigadier General A. J. Smith commanding will, march at daylight on the Livingston road; the Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. C. Veatch commanding, will follow, closing well up. The portion of the supply train and the division train of the Third Division will be preceded by two brigades and followed by the Third Brigade of Third Division. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, will make disposition of the supply and division trains of his command and will take up Brigadier-General Mower's brigade of First Division, now in the suburbs of Canton, which will be temporarily attached to the Fourth Division, for the purposes of the march. Division, brigade, and regimental commander swill spare no pains to prevent straggling on the route, and the men should have two days' rations in haversacks.

IV. The commanding officer of each Ohio and Iowa regiment in this corps will immediately report, the names and companies, of 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men to be detailed to conduct recruits regiments.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

