
that we wish, but endeavor each succeeding day to improve upon our previous efforts. You were informed some time ago that all our hopes for the present rested upon the cavalry, and the commanidng general is pleased to think that you have already accomplished more than you or command thought could be done. We owe it to ourselves and to our country to do all that remains undone. If anything necessary cannot be performed by one part of the Army the other should resolve to achieve it. More has been expected of us all than we have yet been to accomplish, but we must not lose heart because the work is not yet ended as favorably as we would have it. The fruits that we shall reap will be in proportion to our labors.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN EAST TENNESSEE,Russelville, Tenn., January 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding Brigade:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your several letters of yesterday. There is no objection to Mrs. Kell going to join her husband, and you may send her off whenever you may desire.

I would like to know if you propose to carry out the suggestion of the commanding general as to moving your brigade to Newport. If you do, the regiment from General Ransom's command that you refer to will not be in your way. If you do not, the commanding general desires to send some of the mounted men of your brigade to the vicinity of Chimney Top Mountain to drive out the bushwhackers that are reported to be there. They ought to be severely punished, and if drive away a good foraging country will be opened to us.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, Tenn., January 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have just learned that General S. Jones has declined to aid us in reconstructing our railroad bridges. As I was directed you to call upon him for aid, I have confidently counted on him for assistance.

This army is in great distress for want of shoes and clothing and in that way so much reduced that we cannot make other details and remain so near the enemy and live by foraging. I have now some thirteen companies at work upon the bridges, and large details at work upon the road this side. In addition, we are abliged to make large detachments with our foraging trains. If there is any possible means of his aiding us I hope that he may be advised to do so.

