
try, 9,000 strong, and Jackson's cavalry, about 4,000 strong. All of his division, with the exception of one brigade, is at Canton; the other brigade is distributed on railroad north of Canton, at Way's Bluff and stations above Jackson. Cavalry is operating between Bolton and Canton. Forrest's command is at Oxford and Holly Springs; about 2,500 at Oxford, remainder between there and at Holly Springs. Loring has with him four batteries; Forrest several batteries, could not ascertain number. They are operating railroad as far up as Abbeville, from Abbeville to Oxford with horses, from Grenada to Oxford with engines. It requires nearly all day to make trips, 40 miles. The bridge at Grenada is down and have to change cars below. Road is operating without difficulty; the road above is in bad condition, and operated with great difficulty on account of scarcity of water and wood. Great abundance of corn. Troops are in winter quarters and generally well clad. Cavalry and artillery in fine condition. He says there is a general despondence prevailing, both officers and men, they considering that the rebellion is bound to be a failure. Had great difficulty in securing a late paper; represent that they are not to be had. I will send you latest he could secure by morning train-Mobile News, December 24. Loring came up with him on train on last Monday as far as Oxford. He was making preparations for distribution of his force to prevent raids on road. Rebels are repairing Mobile and Ohio Railroad above Okolona; pushing work with all speed. This embraces all news.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 8, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I address you direct in relation to the cavalry of this corps. They have been constantly engaged in active service and hard service, covering the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, repeatedly penetrating far into Mississippi and Alabama, and frequently short of forage. Estimates of a remount, calling for 2,000 horses by January 1, were regularly forwarded in October. Nothing has been heard from them. I now have 1,800 trained cavalry-men dismounted, and the number is increasing with the severity of the weather. Below me there are about 8,000 Confederate cavalry, that the quota of horses called for therefore may be furnished at as nearly a date as practicable.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., January 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

Intelligent citizen from Montgomery, Ala., via Brandon and Canton, arrived this evening; came by railroad to Oxford; no troops at Oxford, but cavalry passing from Okolona to Panola, where Forrest appears to be collecting all the cavalry. Citizens from Columbus,

