
troops until the 26th instant to complete their companies and regiments, desiring to have organizations complete by the 1st of February. In case it should not meet the views of the Department to revoke those authorities, a general order for all parties having such authorities to report, to me without delay with what men they have for consolidation and organization will answer the purpose. With be organized or made available.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

The action of the War Department upon this application is solicited as early as practicable.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 24, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

All authorities in operation more than two months which have not secured commands may be revoked. All parties having later [authority to] be ordered to report at once with such men as they have to General Forrest. There may be reorganizations of the squads,

&amp;c., brought out with General Forrest.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,Conaton, Miss., January 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. LAMAR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The recent rains have swollen the Yazoo River so that the enemy can at any time send their gun-boats up it.

An expedition can leave Vicksburg in the morning by steamers and reach Yazoo City the same evening; they are then but 24 miles from Vaughan's Station on the railroad and 28 miles from Pickens'. Besides this road, there is one from the head of Honey Island and others called Sidon, Rising Sun, and Greenwood roads, all leading to the railroad at different points. In order to guard it between this and Grenada (there being numerous bridges) a large force of cavalry is necessary between Big Black and Yazoo Rivers.

The swollen condition of Big Black is such that there is not the same necessity for so large a force of cavalry on this side. They

33 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

