
sented. General Forrest's operations are connected with those of General Roddey so as to require co-operation and full co-intelligence. The line of the Warrior, extended to the bend of the Tennessee river, might be a better military boundary than that now fixed.

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 21, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Note the President's indorsement and request the opinion of the commanding generals of the two departments on the points suggested. You were present at the conference with the President and will be enable to explain as far as pertinent the points on which opinion is desired, as well as the doubts existing in the President's mind as to the wisest boundaries of the departments and the movements they require.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JANUARY 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General J. E. Johnston for his consideration and views, with the following copy of indorsement on the original paper by the President.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

General Forrest's operations are connected with those of General Roddey so as to require co-operation and full co-intelligence. The line of the Warrior, extended to the bend of the Tennessee River might be a better military boundary than that now fixed.

J. D.

DALTON, February 2, 1864.

I have not force enough to do more than observe the south bank of the Tennessee. The transfer of three-fourths of the cavalry of this army to Lieutenant-General Longstreet's command has compelled me to order Roddey's brigade, except one regiment, to this neighborhood.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Sixth indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 10, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

No answer has yet been received from General Polk.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Seventh indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 13, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

General Johnston's indorsement shows an increased necessity for the change of limits, but gives no aid in defining them.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

