
[Eighth indorsement.]

JANUARY 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Polk for his consideration and views, with the following copy of indorsement on the original paper by the President.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

General Forrest's operations are connected with those of General Roddey so as to require co-operation and full co-intelligence. The line of the Warrior extended to the bend of the Tennessee River might be a better military boundary than that now fixed.

J. D.

[Ninth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, March 31, 1864.

I have maturely considered the matter submitted, and it will be found, by reference to a paper already sent to the War Department that both General Johnson and myself agree that a change of boundary should be made. The Tennessee River is the natural boundary on the north of that part of this department lying in Alabama. The strip of country between the river and the present boundary extends far west for General Johnston's supervision, and shuts me off from my proper barrier on the north. The proposition on which we united (see application sent up through General Pillow) was to turn from the Alabama and Georgia line down the Coosa to the point where the Jacksonville an Guntersville Railroad crossed that stream, thence, along that road to Guntersville at the bend of Tennessee River. I now suggest the southern boundary of Cherokee County from the Alabama line to Gadsden, thence along the railroad to Guntersville. It is importance that action on this object should be had dealy.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, January 4, 1864.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Richmond:

If you will accept my assistance we can improve the cavalry saddles greatly by introducing the Texas saddle. It will be great economy. If you will give orders at Atlanta and other places I will send workmen to instruct yours, and to work for some time.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON January 4, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond:

The army was reorganized by General Bragg, before the battle of Missionary Ridge, into small brigades. General Gregg's was broken up, he being wounded. The organization would be injured be forming another brigade, but it seems impolitic and unjust to deprive an officer of command for being wounded. I suggest, therefore, to injure the organization is preferable to wrong to the officer.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

