HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Dalton, Ga., January 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW:

GENERAL: The Army of Tennessee being fully organized and there being no command suitable to your rank vacant, it is out of General Johnston's power to do more at present than offer you the command of the important position of Atlanta. He wishes to know if this assignment would be acceptable.

By command of General Johnston.

Most respectfully,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to inform you, response to your communication of December 25, 1863,* relative to assigning a major-general to the command of Hood's division,that the importance of General W. H. C. Whiting's service at Wilmington, in the present state of affairs, will not permit of his transfer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, E. Tenn., January, Va.:

I have written General Vance requesting him to put his troops at Newport, E. Tenn. At that point he will give the protection to his own district that he does at Warm Springs, and will at the same time guard my left, and protect in measure our foraging wagons. His troops will be useful there. Where they now are they seem to be of but little use.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., January 5, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Dalton, Ga.:

General Hardee on the 17th December telegraphed this office that there are at Resaca 1,000 of Longstreet's men, unarmed, belonging to different regiments of his corps. The ordnance officer at Atlanta has been directed to furnish the arms.

General Longstreet telegraphed yesterday for the men in your army belonging to his corps to be sent to his command in East Tennessee, through Virginia. Please give the necessary orders.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXI, Part III, p. 866.

---------------

