
stores whenever in your judgment the necessities of the service require it. In all cases of impressment you will conform strictly to the limitations and requirements of the act of Congress on this subject and the general orders in relation thereto by the Secretary of War, official copies of which are herewith inclosed for your guidance; you are also empowered to confer the like authority upon the officers and agents of this Bureau acting under you, when considered necessary for the public service.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

SUBSISTENCE BUREAU, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 14, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. DAMERON,

Chief of Commissary State of Mississippi, Meridian:

The Commissary-General wishes me to call your attention to the fact that all of the subsistence which supplies are now being collected under the new system, approved by Secretary of War, April, 1863, are for the supply of the army generally.

That which may be collected in any one particular State is not designed exclusively for the use of the troops in that State, and that every effort should be made to encourage and prompt harmonious and uniform action between officers and agents in adjacent States.

Your obedient servant,

T. G. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 23, 1863.

Brigadier General G. J. PILLOW,

Marietta, Ga.:

GENERAL: The Commissary-General has referred to the Department an application of Major Dameron, commissary of Subsistence at Meridian, Miss., for the exemption or detail of his clerks and agents, within indorsement requesting me to direct you "to grant exemption or detail to such conscripts as may be required on the certificate of Major Dameron, Chief commissary State of Mississippi, the order to each disbursing commissary, provided he cannot get soldier or non-conscript."

While I do not think it expedient to authorize exemptions or details made in the way proposed to be final, yet the great importance of preserving uninterrupted the operations of the Commissary Department requires that such exemptions or details should be considered and treated as operative until reference can be made to the Department.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

