
MERIDAN, MISS., January 7, 1864.

Major-General FRECH, Brandon:

You will remove your command to this place as soon as practicable. Transportation will be furnished your troops on their railroad. Your batteries and field transportation will move by the dirt road.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, January 7, 1864.

General FORREST:

(At Panola or elsewhere. Operator will forward to him.)

If there is no strong reason against, it you had better establish your camps for reorganizing south of Tallahatchie.

You will come to these headquarters as soon as practicable to meet General Lee. Answer.

L. POLK,Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, January 7, 1864.

Governor WATTS, Montgomery, Ala:

General Johnston telegraphs me as follows:

DALTON, January 4, 1864.

It is reported that the enemy's cavalry at Huntsville is preparing for a raid in Middle Alabama.

This is such an emergency as was contemplated by the Government in authorizing the raising of State troops for State defense. May I ask how large a number of such troops say have now in hand to meet that emergency? The raid is no doubt intended against your coal and iron fields, Selma and Montgomery.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 8, 1864.

General L. POLK, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In communicating instructions to General Joseph E. Johnston on assuming command of the army at Dalton, under the apprehension that he might have difficulty in obtaining adequate supplies for the subsistence of his forces, I informed him you would be requested to give all the aid and co-operation you could from your department. I likewise, with a view to his general operations, informed him that I feared other imperative claims on the department would compel him to rely very much for men and supplies on the resources of his own department and such assistance as could be rendered by you, with whom he was recommended to consult and arrange for any combined operations.

The suggestions thus made to General Johnston are communicated to you may be made acquainted with the wishes of the Department and be prepared as far as the more pressing interests of Your command will allow to co-operate with and aid General John

34 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

