
ston. It is not doubted you will find satisfaction in promoting to the utmost the efficiency and success of that gallant army with the past achievements of which you are so honorably associated.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY,Near Como, January 8, 1864.

Major G. W. HOLT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have ordered a temporary consolidation of the first and fourth companies of the Eighteenth Mississippi Partisans, and sent out the supernumerary officers to get up their men if possible.

The First Mississippi Partisan Rangers was once very large, but it was organized under authority granted by Major-General Price, August, 1862. The conscript officers would not recognize the authority, and attempted to conscript the men some time in November, 1862. The regiment was disbanded and the men fled in every direction. Colonel Falkner made application to the War Department and was authorized to reassemble his regiment, both conscripts and non-conscripts, except such as had been regularly enrolled by conscript officers.

Under this authority he reassembled his regiment in February, 1863, but in the mean time a number of the men had attached themselves to other organizations, so that the number reassembled never constituted a full regiment.

Colonel Falkner having resigned, and there being too few men in the regiment, considering its recent organization, to justify the promotion of officers, I made the consolidation above alluded to under the following field officers; L. B. Hovis, First Mississippi, colonel; A. H. Chalmers, Eighteenth Mississippi, lieutenant-colonel; J. M. Park, First Mississippi, major. Colonel Stith, who was ordered up to take temporary command of the First Mississippi, was requested to be officers not to do so, and therefore, did not report to me for duty.

Your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, January 8, 1864.

Major-General FRENCH:

Suspended for the present. You will move the whole of your command to this place as per order of the general commanding, yesterday's

date date.

T. F. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 5 Dalton, Ga., January 8, 1864.

I. The following regulations are published for the government of the troops in this army in camp. They are to be read at the head of each company at least once every week. Copies are to be furnished, all field, staff, and company officer:

1. The hours of service and roll-call as follows: Reveille at daylight; police immediately after reveille; surgeon's call fifteen min

