
All the guards, patrols, fatigue, and police parties of the command are under the general supervision and control of the division officer of the day, and he is responsible for their due performance of duty. He requires those under them to make written reports as soon as relieved and forwards the same to division headquarters with such comments and suggestions as he may think expedient. He reports to the division commander in person when relieved, accompanied by the new division officer of the day.

16. A sentinel should always be ready to fire. He must, however, be sure of the presence of an enemy before firing; once satisfied of that he must fire at all hazards, as the safety of the command may depend upon it. Sentinels fire on all persons deserting to the enemy or breaking through the lines and failing to stop when ordered, and upon all persons whom it is their duty to arrest and who cannot otherwise be secured.

At the approach of officers or rounds of the guards a sentinel challenges as prescribed by the Army Regulations. In other cases he orders. "Halt! About face!" and calls the corporal of the guard, with the number of the post. Persons on horseback are to dismount when approaching sentinels.

Officers of guard are required so to regulate the movements of the sentinels that they shall habitually turn on their posts at the same time, and all turn and move in the same direction.

Due honors are to be paid by guards and sentinels facing outward to salute, and acknowledged by the officers s complimented.

Proper salutations are always to be exchanged at meeting between officers, and between officers and privates.

17. All orders affecting the troops are to be read at the head of each company, that all may distinctly hear them.

The Rules and Articles of War of the Confederate States are to be read to each company immediately before or after each muster for pay. It is earnestly hoped that little or no cause will be give for enforcing the penalties therein pronounced against offenders; but all are distinctly notified and solemnly cautioned that serious violations of the same will be dealt with as therein provided, and no pardons granted.

18. A spirit of courtesy is to be cultivated, and harmony, devotion to the cause obedience to superiors, and patient endurance of all hardships sought to be made the distinguishing characteristic of both officers and men. Language or conduct calculated to cause discontent among the troops is not to be tolerated, and in every instances the offender is to be put in arrest and brought to trial. This is made the duty of all officers of the command.

The habit of entering private houses uninvited, begging food from private families, and otherwise lessening the comforts and increasing the burdens of the women and children of the country, is unsoldierly in the extreme. The practice of committing depredations upon private property is detestable. Officers of all grades are to be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their men in these respects, and all damages suffered by citizens are to be deducted from the offenders' pay.

Officers are reminded that assiduous attention to every duty is the sacred obligation resting on them; and that the censure of their own consciences and of their countrymen every where will assuredly follow them up during the war, and to the end of life, if they prove remiss in any respect. The test of their fidelity is in the condition

