
DALTON, January 9, 1864.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS:

It is reported that Lieutenant-General Longstreet has gone into winter quarters. If he has suspend active operations, I should like to have the cavalry belonging to this army to prepare it to take its proper part in battle.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.
Copy telegram and indorsement for Adjutant-General. Send copy to General Longstreet for this remarks, including the use he has for the cavalry.

J. D.

DALTON, January 9, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond:

Major Cummings, who is charged with procuring subsistence for this army, writes from Atlanta that the difficulty in supplying us comes from the employment of a large number of cars in transporting Government cotton to Wilmington. Rolling-stock and roads necessary for transportating our supplies are thus used to such an extent as to make it difficult to furnish daily rations. I beg you to consider this.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HDQRS. HINDMAN'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton, Ga., January 9, 1864.

Major General W. H. T. WALKER,

Commanding Div. Hardee's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date.* and to decline complying with your request. Whenever my proper superiors see fit to propound any interrogatories to me touching matters as to which they are entitled to inquire, it will be my duty to answer directly, and I shall do so. I have no opinions to conceal and will evade no responsibility that belongs to me. But I do not close to admit any inquisitorial rights in you. Permit me also to say that, according to my understanding, the course you propose to take conflicts with a distinct agreement of agreement none of them can waive without the consent of all.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton Ga., January 9, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

SIR: From an intimae acquaintance, and much intercourse with the Army of Tennessee and especially the Tennessee troops of that army, I am satisfied that the reorganization of the army, breaking

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

