
on the railroad. It is very important to ascertain what this force is and what direction it took, and, if practicable, where it now is. The general desires that the officer in command be instructed to be vigilant, and that he is sent out more for the purpose of collecting information than for fighting the enemy. It is reported that rebel spies frequently visit Trenton. If possible, he desires that these persons be apprehended and brought in.

There is good reason to believe that a number of the residents in the district which is to be visited are favorable to our cause. All such persons should be communicated with by the officer in command and let them understand that they will be rewarded for any information they may give of ten movements and designs of the enemy.

The party should go prepared to be out two days, and will send in information of value as soon as received.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BRIDGEPORT, January 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

One lieutenant and 30 men, Captain Long's Alabama Rangers, made a scout to-day to Deer Head Cove. Heard nothing of rebels. The last heard of rebels, those in Will's Valley had moved off toward the Coosa; unreliable report that three days ago a regiment of rebel cavalry stayed over night near Caperton's and left Stevenson and Bellefonte. Know nothing about the rebels being there. Have not heard yet from scouts sent from Shellmound and Whiteside's. Will report.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., January 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,

Athens:

Major Falconnet has got a system of couriers from our lines or has spies who report our army mails from different posts to Decatur. It is possible you may ascertain who they are by getting some good men to visit the rebels along the river.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN., January 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,

Athens:

I have pretty reliable information that Major Falconnet is to be married to Miss Mary Burtwell, at Florence, on the 16th instant.

No doubt several officers may be there, and if you want to try to catch them I can perhaps give you two squadrons from here, if you have not men enough.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

