
WARM SPRINGS, GA., January 10, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I rejoice to be able to address you where you are in acknowledging your kind and generous note from Meridian. that spontaneous offering from a brother soldier and fellow citizens, so honored esteemed, will be treasured as a source of happiness and a reward which neither time nor circumstances can impair.

I shall follow you and your noble comrades with prayers as fervent and hopes as strong as when I shared the toils and honors of the field, and no one of you will rejoice more than myself a the success which I trust awaits you, and at the future award of honors already won.

I am, truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

WARM SPRINGS, GA.,

January 10, 1864.

General G. J. PILLOW:

MY DEAR GENERAL: It was a great pleasure to received your kind note of the 8th ultimo. Rest assured I shall ever appreciate and honor the generous and distinguished sentiments conveyed in it. Our acquaintance commenced, general, not without prejudices in my mind adverse to you. But no influence, no power, and no clamor can ever suppress the admiration with which I have witnessed the intense labor and patriotic zeal with which you have served, that successfully served, our cause since you joined me more than a year ago.

I have learned, too, to admire and view in their true light your unrequited sacrifices and services in the past.

Very truly, your friend,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

DALTON, January 11, 1864.

J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

I applied by telegraphs on 28th ultimo to be informed of the extent of my command. I have received no reply and respectfully repeat the application.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

DALTON, January 11, 1864.

President DAVIS:

Major-General Maury has applied to me for troops. I have referred him to Lieutenant-General Polk, to whose department he belongs, whose intentions I do not know.

He fears disaffection in Clanton's troops.* I suggest their being exchanged to Virginia.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

---------------

*See Maury to Seddon December 28, 1863, and January 11, 1864, Vol. XXVI, Part II, pp. 548, 551.

---------------

