
you will hardly be strong enough to undertake it until re-enforced. Send 1,000 of Duncan's guns, now at Canton, as I learn, to Dillon for Powers and others.

Use your discretion in directing the movements of General Adams.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Meridian, January 11, 1864.

General S. D. LEE, Jackson, Miss.:

I think it will be expedient for you to allow the arms under Carpenter to take their chances in getting over the river. You will take what you want for your command below from those in possession of Colonel Duncan.

As General Loring is pressing for cavalry protection in his front, please order Ross into position as soon as practicable. I hear from Madisonville, force consists of cavalry and artillery as well as infantry, perhaps 2,000 of the latter.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, ORDNANCE OFFICE,Dalton, Ga., January 11, 1864.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Since the battle of Missionary Ridge, the cavalry under command of Major-General Wheeler, stationed with this army, was about middle of December last armed and equipped according to the requisition received. Yesterday I received a requisition from ordnance officer of same cavalry for new supplies, copy* of which is herewith inclosed.

It is impossible to furnish the demand of cavalry, especially that the number "present for duty" is not increasing. Notwithstanding repeated orders, I cannot get any report from cavalry. The arms taken from enemies are appropriated individually and those in the hands of the troops thrown away and never accounted for.

I have therefore the honor most respectfully to request the evil be corrected, as I do believe we will be conquered, not by enemy, but by our own indifference and unmilitary-like conduct in permitting the supplies to be thrown away and wasted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. OLADOWSKI,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Ordnance, Dep't.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War of his notice.

The waste of ordnance stores in the cavalry is noticed as well in the army of General Lee as in that of Tennessee. I trust that the Secretary of War will call pointed attention to this dangerous evil.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

35 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

