
brigade. Maury's will be the only reliable cavalry left to me and will be required to oppose the enemy.

The weather, on the route he must take to join Adams, has made the roads almost impassable, so that it will take him twenty days to make the march.

Colonel Colvin's regiment needs active service. I think if placed amidst the West Tennesseeans under Forrest, it would be useful and after awhile will become patriotic, perhaps.

My force will be too small probably for me to attempt to oppose the enemy's advance. It will be injudicious to subject the garrison the to demoralization of being forced in by the enemy.

Within twenty-four hours I have received two steamers from Havana with very valuable supplies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, Miss., January 12, 1864.

Major-General LORING:

GENERAL: Your recent communications have been received by the lieutenant-general commanding and in reply I am directed to say:

First. Mr. Grider was here a few days ago and reported that he had 15,000 cross-ties cut, and wanted twenty-five wagons to haul them in. The order was given, and authority was also sent you for impressing as many additional ox-teams as necessary.

Second. This department has been divided into two cavalry departments, Major-General Lee commanding southern and Major-General Forrest the northern department. General Lee's instructions are post Ross' brigade in between the Yazoo and Big Black. This brigade will be charged with the protection of your front and the railroad. Colonel Ross will communicate with you and keep you advised of any demonstration of the enemy. As this brigade will be near you in a short time there is probably no necessity for sending you another cavalry asked for.

Third. Blankets will be furnished your command at the earliest possible moment.

Fourth. Inquiry has been instituted as to the detail of teamsters from your division. They will be ordered back if the interest of the service will permit.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RUSSELLVILLE, January 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I am obliged to forage here or leave the country without; the cavalry cannot forage. I do not see how it is possible for us to do without General Johnston's cavalry if we remain. General Martin reports the enemy's cavalry here stronger than ours.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

