
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 20, 1864.

Copy of this dispatch has been sent to General Johnston.

S. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, Tenn., January 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Cavalry, Jonesville:

The commanding general directs me to say that the position you now occupy is too high up for the objects in view. He desires you to move back to near the position you had when you started on your expedition, and take position at Little War Gap or vicinity, with the view of protecting our property and trains at Rogersville. Please notify me on your establishment there in the execution of this desire.

I wrote you to-day in reference to the captured small-arms, as we greatly need them. I hope you will indicate to me as early as possible where the ordnance officer may obtain them after your brigade is supplied.

The commanding general desires also that you will send us all the captured wagons, over and above what you will require to meet the wants of your brigade. Our subsistence department is in need of all it can get. Please send in also the broken wagons; we can have them repaired here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, Tenn., January 13, 1864.

Captain J. M. ROBINSON,

Engineer in Charge:

I am in receipt to-day of your note of the 9th instant, and am gratified to hear of the completion of the bridge at Zollicoffer. Colonel Carter has been ordered to leave a small force at the bridge, as you suggest, to guard it and protect it from the heavy drift. I send the order to him in company with this.

General Longstreet desires you to send a part of your engineer troops, say one or two companies, to reconstruct the bridge at Ripley at the same time that you are going on with the work at Watauga, which he hopes you will complete soon. These two works ought to be finished about the same time, and the cars can then run as far as Greenville. Lieutenant Moncure, of the Engineers, has a party at work on Lick Creek bridge. The commanding general desires you to report frequently the progress of your work.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

