
that the most speedy communication is now through Virginia, the co-operation intended to be attained by that order would seem for the present to be impracticable, and the Department of East Tennessee is now necessarily restored to the relation it occupied before the order above cited.

Should future operations again place you in position to have ready communication and to permit co-operation between the troops under your immediate command and those of the Department of East Tennessee, it will again be considered desirable that the former relations of the two commands should be re-established.

Present circumstances indicate the property of reconsidering the orders defining the geographical limits of commands, and you will be duly informed of any charge which it may be decided to make.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 14, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: Your telegram of January 13 has been received, in which you mention that Lieutenant-General Polk claims Moore's and Pettus' brigades, as well as Quarles' and Baldwin's, and ask whether they shall be sent to General Polk, as he requests.

I have telegraphed to General Polk requesting him to keep in communication with you. Entire co-intelligence is necessary to secure such co-operation between you as will render the forces most available for the general defense. If it should be found that an attack on Mobile is to be made, additional force there will be needed, or if, as suggested by you, it is found more feasible to attack the enemy from North Mississippi than from Georgia, then the Army of Mississippi will need re-enforcement before advancing to that object. You are so well informed of the condition of things there that I rely on your judgment and desire your advice.

Troops are to be sent where most needed and only returned to former positions when they are more useful there. Though it is desirable not to disturb the organization of armies, that is a subordinate question.

We have one cause, and for its maintenance our armies are to be regarded as one. If you can exchange veteran troops, reduced by casualties so as to require recruits to preserve their organization, for the full but untried troops in General Maury's command, there might be a gain to both commands by doing so.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., January 14, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

The emergency for which the two brigades from Mississippi were lately sent to the Army of Tennessee having passed, and the reports

