
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 6. Dalton, Ga., January 14, 1864.

The following modifications of General Orders, No. 227, army headquarters, dated the 22nd December, 1863,* is announced:

First. Furloughs will be given at the rate of 1 for every 25 men present for duty.

Second. The men who receive furloughs shall hereafter be chosen by lot. This fact will be certified by the commander.

Third. The certificate will show that none are absent without leave since the publication of this order.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

No. 3. Meridian, Miss., January 14, 1864.

General Orders, No. 14, in relation to furloughs is revoked.

Furloughs will be given to every 25 enlisted men in each regiment on the certificate of the captains of companies to which they belong, approved by the colonels of their regiments.

This certificate must state the number of men present for duty in each company; that all the furloughed men belonging to the company have returned; that none have absented themselves without proper authority since 20th January, 1864; the length of time the applicant has been absent since his entry into the service, and the number of days required to reach his home. Each man will be allowed to remain two weeks, but the number absent on furlough at any one time must not exceed the maximum as allowed above. All applications made under this order will state the fact.

Leaves of absence may also be granted to regimental and company officers under certificates identical with those required in the case of enlisted men, provided no company shall be without two commissioned officers.

Enlisted men furloughed under this order, and officers promoted from the ranks since volunteering for three years or the war, are entitled to transportation as given in the act of Congress entitled "An act providing for the granting of bounty and furloughs to privates and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army," provided they have not before received its benefit.

Division commanders will issue the necessary orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Meridian, Miss., January 14, 1864.

Furlough under General Orders, No. 3, will be given by regiments, the colonels forwarding through the usual channels the applications and the certificate of the captains, and with them the effective total present for duty of their regiments; this being necessary to carry out the provisions of the order which grants furloughs to 1 man in every 25 in a regiment.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXI, Part III, p.855.

---------------

