HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., January 9, 1864.

Captain OWEN,

U. S. Navy, Commanding District of the Mississippi River:

CAPTAIN: In consequence of threatening demonstrations by the enemy on the river in the vicinity of Greenville, I have sent up a brigade under General Leggett to try to clear them out. Will your co-operate with him as far as you can, and give him all the information you have of their strength, plans, movements, &amp;c.?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., January 9, 1864.

Captain OWEN,

U. S. Navy, Skipwith's Landing:

CAPTAIN: The following dispatch has just been received from Brigadier-General Hawkins, commanding Goodrich's Landing:

A deserter from Harrison's cavalry reports that Harrison with 1,200 men and artillery has gone to the Mississippi River, in the vicinity of Grand Lake, traveling northeast from Monroe through Bastrop. They had forty empty wagons, and intended to get them across the river. This statement is corroborated by a deserter who came in a day or two ago.

I have had information during the past week from other sources that Harrison's cavalry were moving into South Arkansas, and I think it is the intention to try and get arms and ammunition across from the east to the west side. They attempted [it] in the vicinity of Rodney, but were unable to accomplish it. Will you endeavor to put a stop to any operations of the kind, and report any information you may learn of the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

CORINTH, January 9, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I arrived here about noon to-day. All my command (about 2,500 men) will arrive here to-day. From the information derived from General Stevenson it would seem advisable to move my command to La Grange to unite with your cavalry at that point. If this accords with your views, I will commence the movement immediately and come to Memphis myself to-morrow to confer with you and General Sherman.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Division of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General W. S. SMITH,

Corinth:

Let your cavalry move down on this side of Hatchie at least. Start them down as soon as practicable, considering the roads, and

