
I think, however, that Mississippi would give us the best base of offensive operations. From it we can easily take possession of West Tennessee, which, with Mississippi, has abundant supplies for a large army.

These ideas are expressed, not from opinion of their own value, but in the hope of turning your thoughts to this important subject for my instruction.

It is thought by all the officers with whom I have conversed on the subject that the temper of the army would be greatly improved by the restoration of the organization which existed before the battle of Missionary Ridge. The West Tennesseeans are said to be absolutely discontented. I have therefore recommended for favorable consideration an application for the reformation of Major-General Cheatham's former division. Lieutenant-General Polk urges the sending the West Tennessee regiments, under General Cheatham, to his command, thinking that they would thus soon be filled from West Tennessee. To me there would be as much fear of desertion as hope of recruiting.

I beg leave again to express the hope that Your Excellency will strengthen this army by appointing to it lieutenant-generals. The value of the formation of corps d'armee seems to me to depend upon having competent lieutenant-generals to command them.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,

No. 1. Dalton, Ga., January 15, 1864.

At this request Major Giles M. Hillyer is relieved from duty as chief of subsistence on the staff of the general commanding.

The general avails himself of this opportunity of expressing to Major H. his thanks for the zealous, prompt, and faithful manner in which he had discharged the responsible duties of his office.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,

No. 2. Dalton, Ga., January 15, 1864.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the general commanding: Colonel B. S. Ewell, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel E. J. Harvie, inspector-general; Major W. E. Moore, chief of subsistence; Lieutenant J. Barroll Washington, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Wade Hampton, aide-de-camp.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE, Mobile, January 15, 1864.

Admiral F. BUCHANAN,

Commanding Fleet and Station:

ADMIRAL: The undersigned has the honor to inform you most respectfully that floating rope obstructions have been placed in the

