
he asks to be assigned. With the increase of forces suggested by him, with what aid I can give from the militia, I hope these great interests of Alabama and of the Confederate Government may be protected against Yankee raids and ravages. Prompt action in this matter is of the utmost importance, and I trust your care of the public interests will cause a speedy response to his application.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

MERIDIAN, MISS., January 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW,

Montgomery, Ala.:

I am disposed to think favorably of your proposition to be placed in command of two brigades of cavalry on the front, of which you speak, and think you had better come to my headquarters that I may confer with you about it. Answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MOBILE, January 15, 1864. (Via Montgomery, 16th.)

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Farragut is moving to attack Grant's Pass with a fleet of mortars and other boats-about fifteen reported so far. He may attack this evening. No transports chartered yet. Can you send me Colonel Steedman at once and his regiment? Non-combatants are leaving.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, January 15, 1864.

Major General W. T. MARTIN,Commanding Cavalry:

Please let us know if the enemy is advancing. If he is not, move forward and ascertain what he is at. If he is, have some axmen to fell some tress in the road and let your artillery and sharpshooters defend these obstructions and force the enemy to develop the strength of his move. Let me know, too, what artillery you have, and anything else of interest.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, January 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: Judging from the published reports of the court of inquiry in Major-General Lovell's case that he is now available for duty, I respectfully renew my application for his assignment to my command.

