
[Indorsement.]

I know nothing of the facts of this case. But from citizens I am led to believe that the execution of these negroes was uncalled for, and was a piece of barbarity.

J. D. BRADFORD,

Major, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 10. Dalton, Ga., January 17, 1864.

General Johnston has received official information that at a meeting in Strahl's brigade this morning, at which nine-tenths of the command were present, the following resolution was adopted by acclamation, not a dissenting voice being heard:

Resolved, That we, the officers and soldiers of Strahl's brigade, do this day agree to enlist for the war, determined never to lay down our arms until our homes are rescued from the enemy and the Confederacy permanently established among the nations of the earth.

Information was previously received that the Thirteenth and One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee Regiments, Vaughan's brigade, Hindman's division, had re-enlisted for the war.

The noble and patriotic resolution of these brave Tennesseeans to enlist for the war is offered to the army as an example worthy of being followed by all who love their home and country.

Will not this army, by immediate action, gain the proud distinction of being the first to re volunteer in a holy cause and pledge its services to the Government until pease is conquered?

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, January 18, 1864.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: General Pillow has submitted to me a proposal to take charge of two brigades in my Alabama front for the protection of the interests exposed from a raid from Huntsville, &c. He informs me he has submitted the same proposition to you, and proposes he shall have a brigade of cavalry assigned him by you for that purpose and another from me. I see no objection to the arrangement except in the matter of his reporting, and have explained to him my views personally; these I have also expressed in writing in a letter to General Cooper, to which I beg leave to refer you. The general has charge of the letter.* I think some provision of a strict character should be made to provide for the region exposed and will unite with you in any plan which will effect the object.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See following.

---------------

