
officers and men set themselves with earnestness to the work of spreading around them cheerfulness, of urging back their absent comrades lured from the field of honor, of perfecting discipline and organization. This done the most brilliant spring campaign will crown our labors, relieving the country of invasion and making independence a fact accomplished.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Dalton, Ga., January 19, 1864.

Colonel JOHN H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Wright's Brigade:

SIR: The patriotic spirit exhibited by the officers and soldiers of the Eighth Tennessee Regiment, Wright's brigade, in tendering its services "to the Government for the war" is fully appreciated by the general commanding the army. This step adds to the claim these brave troops already possess to the admiration and gratitude of the country.

By command of General Johnston.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, January 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

If the cavalry sent from this army into East Tennessee with Lieutenant-General Longstreet is not transferred, I ask that it be returned immediately, that I may put it in condition for service. Letters from its officers represent it to require rest and instruction. I wish to make cavalry that can charge infantry.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Dalton, Ga., January 19, 1864.

General VAUGHAN,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The gratifying intelligence that the whole of your brigade had offered to re-enlist for the war has this day been received by General Johnston. He has also been informed that to the One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee Regiment belongs the credit of being the first to make this offer, in which it was soon followed by the Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment.

The readiness of these brave soldiers and good citizens to undergo for their country's sake further toil, privation, and peril, will, it is believed, produce a most happy effect among our people. It will tend to relieve the desponding, to encourage the hopeful, and to recruit our armies by stimulating to activity those who have been

