HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, January 20, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Rogersville:

I inclose herewith copy of an order* to Colonel Corns to report for service with you. Brigadier-General Corse has also been ordered to send a battery of artillery to you from his camp near Bull's Gap. With this force, viz, Jones' cavalry brigade, the mounted men of your own brigade, and the battery, the commanding general desires you to move as soon as possible in the direction of Tazewell and operate on the flank of the enemy, who is now supposed to be moving toward Kentucky. He is retreating rapidly and you must move rapidly. His cavalry is said to be going toward Kentucky, and his infantry, or part of it, toward Kentucky, and his infantry, or part of it, toward Knoxville. It is probable, however, that the whole of his force will leave the latter point. Vigor in your movements and watchfulness will give you success in your expedition. Major Day's cavalry is ordered to Bean's Station. Please send him at once the inclosed order.* Send also as soon as you can the accompanying dispatch* for Colonel Corns, at Little War Gap. You had better indicate to him at the same time when and where you wish his brigade to join you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 20, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

Military possession must be taken of the East Tennessee road, and Mr. Owen, of the Virginia and Tennessee road, appointed military superintendent. Have inventory taken of all property, locomotives, cars, and machinery by board of officers. Send all damaged locomotives or cars for repairs to the workshops of the Virginia and Tennessee road. I will write.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,

No. 4. Dalton, Ga., January 20, 1864.

Major James B. Eustis, Provisional Army, Confederate States, is announced as assistant adjutant-general on the staff of the general commanding.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

