
brigade, and McLaws' division, who left Russellville on night of 6th instant, came into my lines this morning. They crossed the French Broad at mouth of Nola Chucky night before last, and met no troops between Russellville and this point except some straggling cavalry near mouth of Nola Chucky, on opposite side of French Broad. They are both remarkably intelligent men, and their stories coincide entirely on a separate examination. I believe their statements to be reliable in every respect. They state that Longstreet's army consists of four divisions of infantry and three of cavalry. The divisions of infantry are:

First. Jenkins' (formerly Hood's), five brigades, commanded by Generals Robertson, Benning, Law, Anderson, and Jenkins' old brigade. Estimated number of muskets, 6,000; artillery, sixteen pieces.

Second. McLaws' division (now commanded by Kershaw), four brigades, commanded by Humphreys (Barkdale's old brigade), Bryan, Wofford, and Kershaw's old brigade (Colonel Kennedy). Estimated number of muskets, 5,000; known amount of artillery, sixteen pieces, of which one battery of four guns, commanded by Captain Moody, are 20-pounder rifled Parrotts; the rest are 6 and 12 pounders (most of 12-pounders are smooth-bore). Major Alexander, formerly chief of artillery of this division, is now Longstreet's chief of artillery. Humphreys' brigade has 800 muskets for duty (known). This is the smallest brigade in the division. The Eighteenth Mississippi Infantry, in this brigade, has 220 men for duty, and there are four regiments in the brigade. McLaws was relieved by Longstreet after the battle at Bean's Station, for not crossing a creek in time, and sent to Richmond. On arriving there he reported his division unfit for duty, being "naked and starving," and it was currently reported throughout the division when these deserters left that it was to be sent to Virginia and Pickett's division was to be sent from Richmond to replace it.

Third. Bushrod Johnson's division (formerly Buckner's). Only two brigades of the division are with Longstreet (the rest having returned from Loudon to Chattanooga, having been cut off), commanded by Gracie and Bushrod Johnson. Estimated number of muskets, 3,000; artillery, very little or none.

Fourth. Ransom's division. A full division, will full regiments, in all four brigades. Estimated number of muskets, 10,000 to 12,000; artillery, 16 pieces.

Cavalry: Three divisions, commanded by Armstrong, John T. Morgan, and Jones. Armstrong supposed to have three brigades; Morgan known to have but two, and Jones two (one of which is commanded by Williams). Jones' cavalry estimated at 2,500 or 3,000. General Martin commands all the cavalry. (My own estimate of his entire force is: First, Armstrong, 3,000; second, Morgan, 2,000; third, Jones, 2,000; total, 7,000, which is probably above rather than below the truth).

Position of the army: On right of 6th instant, when these men left, McLaws' division (to which they belong) was stationed at and around Russellville; Jenkins' division was at Morristown; Ransom's division was at Rogersville (south of it); Bushrod Johnson's division, position unknown, probably at Widow Kimbrough's Cross-Roads. (My own opinion.)

Cavalry: Jones' division near Rogersville; Morgan's division near Dandridge at Denton's Ford; Armstrong's division, position unknown,

