
devotion to the future. I think, too, that after the very general expression of desire on the part of the army and people that the general should be placed in command, and the satisfaction expressed at its consummation, he might well afford to take such a step as would bring about the state of feeling of which I spoke. It seems to me that the general might, without at all lowering the tone of a manly independence, address a letter to some friend, also a friend of the President (and I dare say there are many such, in whose discretion and judgment he could confide), alluding to the fact that in the past, owing to whatever cause, it was known that a cordial feeling did not exist between the President and himself, and, without entering into details, say that for himself it was a subject of regret, and add that so far as he may have been at fault, if at all, in view of the public interests, he did regret it, and was prepared to waive all that was past in the desire to consult the public good. I have no doubt that such an overture would be received by the President in the best spirit, and that it would have the effect to insure such an understanding as would be satisfactory to their friends and eminently conducive to the success of our military operations. These are the views to which I alluded on the eve of your leaving me, and which I thought the friends of the general might with property submit for his consideration. The movement may involve perhaps some sacrifices of feeling, but for such a cause and such support as a good understanding between the parties named, I cannot but think the sacrifices might well be tendered as an instance of becoming magnanimity.

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, January 21, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Can't you stop the communication between Chattanooga and Knoxville? I have just driven the enemy back into Knoxville, and he must leave this part of the State if you can stop his supplies.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,January 21, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major General W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your letter of yesterday from New Market is received. The commanding general is greatly surprised at learning that your advance yesterday evening was so much as 4 1/2 miles from Strawberry Plains, on this side, and he desires that you will explain how it is that you have been three days moving to that point.

He wishes at the same time that you will state the distance you have moved on each day since the retirement of the enemy began.

