
their regiments. This cavalry is now in pursuit of the enemy, who seems to be making his way into Knoxville. For want of shoes and clothing our infantry cannot go on. So far the enemy seems to have been recruited. If pursuit could have been made with proper vigor [sic].

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RUSSELLVILLE, EAST TENN., January 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Please send me a pontoon bridge by rail; I need it quick, to move forward, and hope to be able to return it in twenty days. The enemy has escaped to his fortifications in Knoxville. We only got thirty-one of his wagons and three caissons.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, January 22, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGH,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am just in receipt of your note of 3 a.m. to-day. I send you herewith duplicates of the orders* issued last night for Major Day's movement to Tazewell and the demonstration of Jones' brigade, or so much of it as may be left after furnishing Major Day with the required number of officers and men front it. The commanding general desires you to proceed rapidly with this movement, as ordered, keeping Corns while making the demonstration on the north side of Clinch Mountain. Let Day go on at once, or as soon as he can get his men. Have scouts well out toward Blain's Cross-Roads, and also down the mountain toward Knoxville and Maynardville. The cavalry of Rucker's Legion will remain at Bean's Station, in charge of the officer next in rank to Major Day. Please notify me who he may be.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, Tenn., January 22, 1864-7.30 p.m.

General W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 7 o'clock this morning. In reply, the commanding general directs me to say that he did not think you would wait to be ordered to pursue with your cavalry an enemy who was retreating, almost

---------------

*See pp.595 and 596.

---------------

