
routed, from your front. Apart from this impression, however, you are greatly in error in the assertion that orders were not sent you. At Dandridge, on the morning of the 18th, the commanding general gave your orders in person to push your force after the retreating enemy. Not content with this, he sent, after parting with you, on the same day, Major Fairfax, of his staff, back to you with orders for you to pursue with all the vigor you could command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, Tenn., January 22, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I am in receipt of your note of 11 o'clock to-day from Bean's Station. The information you therein convey as to the enemy's force at Tazewell is widely different from that given by Major Day. I think it probable that his is the more correct. In view of the fine weather we are now enjoying, the commanding general thinks it probable that by a well-directed effort you will be able to obtain possession of Cumberland Gap. He wishes you to get a sufficient number of men on the top of the mountain, while a part of Jones' brigade makes its movement, as already directed, in front. Such an arrangement may place the gap in your possession, and you will please endeavor to carry it out if practicable. This design is not, however, to interfere with the movement projected by Major Day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, January 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

SIR: I think with General Pillow that it is of great importance that we should have a stronger cavalry force in the valley of the Tennessee west of Decatur, and I regard him as well qualified for such a command by his knowledge of the country, activity, courage, and capacity. I had rather see him in command of a division of infantry, however, a position for which he was recommended by General Bragg and myself.

I agree with Lieutenant-General Polk that two brigades are necessary for the object proposed, and that the service is more naturally connected with his command. For that reason, and because it contains three times as much cavalry as mine, his command should furnish both brigades, at least until mine, now with Lieutenant-General Longstreet, returns.

My object now is to assist in compelling the enemy to abandon Knoxville by interrupting his communications with Chattanooga, and for that object I wish to use a part of General Roddey's brigade.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

