
trops of all ages for State service; also by parties having authority from War Department to raise commands, who raise little squads report to no general, do no good, yet keep the men they claim out of the regular service.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPT.,Numbers 37. Como, January 22, 1864.

* * * *

V. You will move your entire command, except those picketing the front, to a point as near this place as forage can be procured, camping your entire command together.

You will see that your command is prepared with 40 rounds of ammunition and four days' cooked rations. Hold yourself in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

T. S. TATE, JR.,

Lieutenant and Assistant Inspector-General.

To Brigadier-General CHALMERS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 19. Richmond, January 23, 1864.

* * * * *

XXVII. Lieutenant-General Longstreet being by virtue of seniority in command of the Department of East Tennessee, the general staff officers heretofore attached to the headquarters of that command and who are now serving at the headquarters of the Department of Southwestern Virginia will report for duty to Lieutenant-General Longstreet.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA.,

January 23, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General John H. Morgan has made application to this Department for authority to assemble the organizations and men formerly belonging to his command, and to assume command of them.

The Secretary of War directs me to say that strong disposition is felt to accord every possible consideration to General Morgan's wishes, and the Department has accordingly directed in orders, a copy of which has been forwarded you, that such of his men as may have become connected with organizations other than those in which they originally enlisted be transferred and ordered to report to General Morgan for assignment.

In reference to organized companies, battalions, and regiments which have been under General Morgan's command, the Department hesitates to take decisive action, without knowing how far it

