
RUSSELLVILLE, E. TENN.,

January 23, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

Colonel Carter' regiment is now employed guarding our railroad bridges. I propose to advance upon Knoxville again in a few days. Can you keep off supplies and re-enforcements from the army in front of you? Please send the stragglers from our cavalry to their regiments.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, January 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

Russellville:

I cannot immediately help you, as you propose, for want of supplies and cavalry. Will try as soon as practicable.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russellville, Tenn., January 23, 1864-10 a.m.

Major General W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of 5.30 p.m. yesterday. Orders have been sent to the quartermaster to secure the wagons and other useful property that has fallen in your possession. I inclose for your information a note* from Colonel Bradford, reporting a small force of the enemy on the south side of the French Broad. The commanding general desires that you will move after this force, crossing both rivers, and get in its rear and effect its capture. He wishes you to get in that country for forage, watching the enemy closely, and as near to him as possible, while a part of the infantry is being pushed down. This will be done as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The commanding general means that your whole force, except Giltner's brigade with General Jenkins, who will be at Mossy Creek to-day. With your main force on the south side of the French Broad you must press the enemy closely and keep him shut upon his fortifications.

The regiment you have left to cover the captured property must be left there until we can remove it.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

