
Forage all exhausted on other side of Nola Chucky. President's proclamation well known about Jonesborough; had been published in newspapers.

Information, in short, corroborates that previously sent you from same quarter. French Broad is to-day full of floating ice and is almost impassable either for boats or by fording.

Reported through the army that Longstreet issues 40,000 rations.

Yours, &amp;c.,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, January 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Bennett, at Whiteside's, sent 30 infantry, mounted, within 2 miles of Trenton; saw no rebels; met a man who reported rebels at the Alabama State line; did not know the force. Colonel Barnes sent infantry scout from Shellmound over Nickajack Trace; found nothing. Met a woman who stated that she had heard of a rebel force, said to be Wheeler's men, in Will's Valley, 18 miles from Trenton. Have you heard anything further from the contemplated raid?

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., January 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-General PHILLIPS,

Athens:

Take stock any place where you can find it, using your own judgment as to the proper persons to take from. Prefer not to take it in the counties mentioned in my order.

Roddey keeps his teams, that forage on this side of river, at Foster's Mills, 9 miles below Florence.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., January 10, 1864.

General GRIERSON:

A deserter from Faulkner's regiment of Forrest's command report that on Sunday last Forrest had his headquarters at Como, 15 miles north of Panola, and that his command was camped in that vicinity, with Chalmers at Panola. The men sent from Jackson to Okolona for arms had joined Forrest, who is now in chief command, Lee having gone south. Nothing is said of Ferguson. Patrols toward Holly Springs and Ripley come in. Nothing of importance.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Gayoso House, Memphis, January 10, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding, Vicksburg, Miss.:

DEAR GENERAL: I am just arrived; four days from Cairo. Ice heavy and gorging all the way down. Now is the time to strike

