
tions or conditions of any sort. Such action will be more soldierly, and its effect throughout the Confederacy and upon the enemy far better. Yet it will not deprive those so acting of a single right or privilege under the law.

When Congress disposes of the subject, its legislation will cover all, without distinction of persons or commands.

Attention is earnestly invoked to this advice, for the additional reason that bad men in our own country and the enemy beyond our lines will construe conditions and reservations as showing reluctance and dissensions among our brave and devoted soldiers.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPT.,

Numbers 3. Como, Miss., January 25, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will be organized as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General R. V. Richardson, commanding: Twelfth Tennessee Regiment, Marshall's regiment, Bennett's battalion, Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment, Street's battalion, Collins' command, Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment, Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment.

Second Brigade, Colonel Robert McCulloch, commanding: Second Missouri Regiment, Willis' (Texas) battalion, Faulkner's (Kentucky) regiment, Chalmers' battalion, Kizer's battalion, Second Arkansas Cavalry, Franklin's battalion.

Third Brigade, Colonel T. H. Bell, commanding: Russell's regiment, Greer's regiment, Newsom's regiment, Barteau's regiment, Wilson's regiment.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel J. E. Forrest, commanding: Forrest's regiment, Duckworth's regiment, Fifth Mississippi Regiment, McGuirk's regiment, Duff's battalion.

II. The Second and Fourth Brigades will be organized into a division, to be known and designated as the First Division, Forrest's Cavalry, Department, under the command of Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPT.,Numbers 14. Near Como, Miss., January 25, 1 864.

I. Colonel W. F. Slemons, Second Arkansas Cavalry, is relieved from duty with this command, and will turn over his brigade to the senior officer present and report to Major General N. B. Forrest for orders. In parting with Colonel Slemons, the brigadier-general commanding feels that he has lost a bold and gallant officer, whose long service in the cavalry of this department has won for him the respect and confidence of his commanding officers and the love and obedience of his troops. The officers of his staff will remain on duty until relieved.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

A. G. MILLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

