
State still cling with great tenacity around the Kentucky organizations. Dispersed as these organizations now are their identity is almost lost. If assembled in one body they will be enabled to excite anew the hopes of the Kentucky people, and it is believed that the awakened interest of the men themselves and of the people in this organization would, in the present political condition of Kentucky, largely increase the strength of the force.

Fifth. The result of such an organization would, it is believed, be most effective if some of the distinguished Kentuckians in our army could be associated with it, combining as they do in a great degree the military and political elements of the State which are favorable to the Confederacy.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

DALTON, GA., January 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Pressley, South Carolina Volunteers, is sent to your department for the "absentees without leave" and deserters from the Tennessee regiments of this army, supposed to be in the cavalry organizations of North Mississippi and West Tennessee. This number (see accompanying paper A) is 2,869, and in addition the absentees from two regiments not yet reported. Papers B, C, D, E, and F contain the names of the men thus absent. Paper G contains a list of some young men from West Tennessee, supposed to be of standing and influence, whose arrest and return is considered specially important. It is so obvious that the interests of the service require prompt and decisive action that I leave the matter in your hands, believing that you will cause these officers and men to be at once restored to their proper command.s*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 6. Dalton, Ga., January 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. Mackall is announced as chief of staff to General Johnston. All communications to chiefs of department will be addressed to them as heretofore.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CANTON, MISS., January 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

I have dispatched you several times recently in regard to movements of the enemy. I am now satisfied that it is his intention to

---------------

*Accompanying papers not found.

---------------

