
RICHMOND, VA., January 26, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Russellville, Tenn.:

Ten pontoon-boats with flooring, cordage, &amp;c., complete will be forwarded immediately from Petersburg. There are thirteen more in North Carolina, but it is impossible to obtain the necessary transportation for them. It is hoped that ten boats, with such trestles and boats as can be constructed by the engineer troops of your army, will be sufficient.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 26, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I beg leave respectfully to request that I may be allowed to assemble my command at Abingdon or some other point in the vicinity of that place.

The advantages to be derived are, first, that I will be better enabled to mount my men; secondly, I believe I will get a number of [recruits] from Kentucky that would not otherwise join the Confederate service; and, lastly, a move from that point to the rear of the enemy's lines could be more speedily and effectually made should one be hereafter determined on.

Sincerely trusting that you may coincide with my views in this matter and, if consistent with the good of the public service, grant my request, I remain, very respectfully,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 26, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

General Morgan belongs to the Army of Tennessee, now under the command of General J. E. Johnston, and I think it due to General Johnston that he should be permitted to exercise his discretion in this matter, and that General Morgan should report in person to General Johnston. It appears to me that it would be unwise to take any action here on matters in relation to which the Department has no official information, and which belong to commanding generals in the field.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 27, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

As General Morgan has no command in General Johnston's army, I have been disposed to grant this request as the best mode of enabling him to gather troops. You had, however, better, as you suggest, consult General Johnston. It may be well to telegraph.

J. A. S.

