
them when practicable is one whit less energetic than heretofore. The important results to be obtained by this invasion require further consideration. I may, without vanity, assume that my advent in Kentucky will draw off the whole of Burnside's cavalry and a portion of his infantry in my pursuit; and if, which forms part of my programme, a second column of cavalry, under the command of some experienced officer, cross the Cumberland Mountains between Cumberland and Pound Gaps, proceeding through Danville and Shelbyville to effect a junction with me at Frankfort, the capital of Kentucky, whilst Colonel Woodward with his regiment crosses the Tennessee River betwixt Nashville and Clarksville, these three simultaneous attack would have the effect of withdrawing a large portion of the Yankee army from Generals J. E. Johnston's and Longstreet's fronts, relieving them from pressure, and giving them room to attack in their turn; the more particularly as at the present moment, if I am rightly informed, the Northern Army is greatly reduced by the number of two months' furlough granted to the re-enlisting men, whilst it has not yet received the expected re-enforcements from the conscription.

To insure success no time ought to be lost; the expeditions ought to march about the end of February. The material results would be of the utmost importance, viz:

The re-establishment of the morale of our cavalry; the prestige of having struck the first successful blow of this campaign; the temporary retreat, or even the entire withdrawal, of the enemy's cavalry from the position it now occupies in Tennessee; the immense destruction the position it now occupies in Tennessee; the immense destruction of quartermaster and commissary stores; railroads damaged and all communication by rail with the North put a stop to; whilst our commissaries would receive most welcome supplies and our cavalry the needed remount.

I take once more the liberty of impressing my project upon your favorable consideration and soliciting an early reply.

I have the honor to be, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

We, the undersigned, members of Congress from Kentucky, heartily recommend the within suggestions.

January 29, 1864.

GEO. W. EWING.

H. E. READ.

H. W. BRUCE.

ROBT. J. BRECKINRIDGE.

CAMP FORTY-FOURTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,

Near Dalton, Ga., January 27, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Having just returned from my home in Amite County, Miss., to which place I was sent by order of General Hardee, to obtain clothing for the company to which I belong, I am compelled to complain of the shameful conduct of our own soldiers for the manner in which my place, effects, and family have been treated by Logan's brigade

