
of cavalry in South Mississippi, now commanded by General Wirt Adams. Last summer they camped near my place for ten days. During that time they stole 6 of my mules and horses, killed nearly all my hogs and sheep, destroyed my corn by turning their horses in the field when the corn was ripening. As many as 10 to 40 men and officers would come to the house, order their meals of victuals, and have their horses fed; and that at a time when my family were buying their subsistence at the most exorbitant prices.

This, sir, is to inquire of you if I have no recourse upon our Government, and if I am not entitled to damages for the outrage thus perpetrated upon one, a soldier, who has a large family of negroes, a wife and child, dependent upon their own exertions for a support during my absence? As for my conduct as a soldier, I refer you to the indorsement of my commanding officer.

Allow me to say, in conclusion, that the cavalry in South Mississippi is a most perfect nuisance, a terror to the people, a disgrace to all civilized warfare. All men who are conscripted join this cavalry, and consider themselves out of the service.

I saw a number of absentees from this and other portions of our army who have deserted their commands, and they are actually protected by this cavalry.

Hoping this will merit your approbation and enlist your earliest attention.

I remain, yours, most respectfully,

L. G. SLEEPER,

Sergeant Company K, 44th Mississippi Regiment.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

I certify that the statement made by Sergeant Sleeper, of my company, in reference to his family is correct, and that I have learned through many reliable sources (as well as from himself) that the cavalry of Southern Mississippi have shamefully abused and unnecessarily destroyed his property, reducing his family from affluent circumstances to want. Sergeant Sleeper has been a member of my company since November, 1861; has been in every march, retreat, and battle of this army, and has always made a faithful, obedient, and brave soldier.

D. W. WILKINSON,

Captain Company K, 44th Mississippi Regiment.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

Respectfully forwarded.

T. A. MAXWELL,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE,January 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Sergeant Sleeper stands high as a citizen at home, and has earned an enviable reputation as a soldier. His statement may be implicitly relied upon. I have means of knowing personally that what he says in regard to the cavalry of South Mississippi is applicable to the cavalry throughout the State.

W. F. TUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

