
[Indorsement Numbers 10.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Griffith, of Eleventh and Seventeenth Consolidated Arkansas Regiment, and Major Stockade, both of Logan's command, for report.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 11.]
HDQRS. GRIFFITH'S CONSOLIDATED ARKANSAS Regiment,GENERAL WIRT ADAMS' BRIGADE,

Camp near Dry Grove, Miss., March 31, 1864.

The complaints made in the within communication I know nothing of. Logan's brigade never camped for a longer time than two or three days near Liberty at any one time. There was, at one time, left near Liberty the wagon train, dismounted men, sick men, &amp;c., while the brigade was absent. If there was any depredation committed it must have been by these men and at this time. So far as regards the brigade being a nuisance, I can only refer to the battles of Clifton, Jackson, Springfield Landing, Keller's Lane, and others, and to the citizens among whom we operated. If depredations were committed and not punished it was because the proper representations were not made to the brigade commander, and he was ignorant of any such actions.

JOHN GRIFFITH,

Colonel, Commanding Arkansas Regiment.

[Indorsement Numbers 12.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MISSISSIPPI CAVALRY,March 31, 1864.

I know nothing about this particular case complained of within. The brigade did not camp near Mr. Sleeper more than two or three days at any one time. The wagon train and dismounted men camped there several days. There were depredations upon corn and mules committed by Logan's brigade often. The statement that the cavalry is a nuisance and the indorsement of Colonel Tucker are gross mistakes, as all citizens (except Sergeant Sleeper) and all soldiers who know the brigade (except Colonel Tucker) will testify.

THOS. R. STOCKDALE,

Major Fourth Miss. Cav. (formerly of Logan's Brigade).

[Indorsement Numbers 13.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Canton, Miss., April 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

See indorsement of Lieutenant-Colonel Griffith and Major Stockdale. I know them to be gallant and reliable officers. Most of the cavalry of the brigade referred to were composed of new organizations belonging to the country in which they were operating. Every effort is being made to discipline the cavalry. So far as a comparison with the infantry arm is concerned, as to irregularities, my

40 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

