
meet any force he may send to destroy the bridge, &amp;c., at Carter's Station, the lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your brigade with the utmost dispatch to that point, form a junction with that portion of Colonel Carter's regiment (Thirty-eighth Tennessee) that may be there and Leyden's battalion of artillery (3 miles below Zollicoffer), and prepare to defend the Watauga bridge and property, and hold the position at all hazards. If any attempt should be made by the enemy, our cavalry will, of course, pursue and relieve, if it can, the point attacked. The position you will hold, however, must be defended to the last.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., January 28, 1864-5 p.m.

Captain T. H. OSBORNE,

Commanding Scouts, Newport:

The enemy is thought to design a raid against our rear, and you must give me early information of any effort of the kind.

You must scout well toward his position and forces, and upon discovering any movement indicating such an intention you must send word as rapidly as possible to the commanding officer at Bull's Gap, and at Watauga bridge and Carter's Station, so that they may be prepared for it.

Keep a watch for any of our trains, and secure them from harm. Watch the enemy closely, and keep us fully advised.

By order of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, January 28, 1864-5 p.m.

Brigadier General G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding, &c.:

Later news from General Martin makes necessary a change in the disposition of troops. The commanding general desires you to return with your infantry to Bull's Gap, and remain there and be on the alert for a raid. The enemy is supposed to threaten us in rear, and may attempt to obtain possession of the gap. If he should make such an effort you must defend it and hold it. Please send the accompanying letter to General Jackson, and forward at once by a sure courier.*

If the attempt should be made on either the gap or the bridge at Carter's Station, our cavalry will pursue and relieve at any point that may be attacked as soon as possible. The two points indicated, or indeed any that may be attacked, must, however, be held at all hazards.

---------------

*See p. 627.

---------------

