
such abundance that considerable sums accrue from the company, savings. It would seem but just that troops who suffer from hunger, cold, and exposure should receive the amount fairly due them on account of their diminished rations.

In view of these considerations I have the honor to request that authority may be given me to order the chief commissary of the department to pay the troops the value in money of the rations to which they have been entitled, but which they have not received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 11, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,

Commanding Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the following disposition be made of the forces under your command:

First. One army corps, either the Ninth or the Twenty-third, as you may select, will be stationed at Strawberry Plains, and will entrench that position. Sufficient detachments will be made from this corps to guard the fords above Strawberry Plains on the Holston, and between that point and Knoxville.

Second. The Fourth Army Corps and the remaining corps of your command will move to Dandridge, to forage on the French Broad River. Such supplies of wheat, corn, and hay as they may be able to obtain in excess of their own wants will be sent down in boats to Knoxville.

Third. The Cavalry Corps will remain in its present position until the supply of forage shall be exhausted. It will then move to the neighborhood of Dandridge and take up a position in front of the infantry force at that place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 11, 1864. (Received 1 p.m., 12th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The necessity for promptly putting the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad in efficient running order, particularly since there are so many demands made upon it from Knoxville, is so urgent, and the present condition of this railroad, with its management, is so lamentable that I urgently request that Colonel McCallum may be called to Washington to fully explain the whole situation to the Secretary of War, and, if necessary, to take orders to place the road in an efficient condition.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

