
from Mississippi. Your aid will accomplish the matter. I have ordered my adjutant-general to issue the necessary orders for the impressment. Governor Clark will co-operate. What is done should be done promptly.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

TUPELO, January 28, 1864.

Brigadier General D. RUGGLES,

Columbus, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Corinth was burned on Monday by the Yankees and evacuated the night of that day. It was the common talk among and general opinion, of the subordinate officers that their destination was Vicksburg, with the aim of operating in the direction of Meridian.

One of the scouts reporting to me being unreliable, I have to-day ordered him to his company; the other three will be sent in the direction of Memphis to scout until I receive further orders from you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. BURTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 15. Dalton, Ga., January 28, 1864.

I. In regiments, battalions, or companies volunteering their services for the war furloughs will be granted at the rate of 1 to every 10 men present for duty. The volunteering shall be indicated either by an oath, signing a paper, or some other equivalent act. This privilege is extended to all troops originally mustered into service for the war. Certificates of commanders will conform accordingly.

II. Troops now re-enlisting for the war will, when mustered into service, be entitled to and receive all the bounties and privileges granted by Congress in any subsequent legislation to those who may thereafter re-enlist.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 17. Dalton, Ga., January 28, 1864.

The allowance of field transportation of the army is as follows:

Weight of baggage: For general officers, 120 pounds; for field officers, 100 pounds; for captains, 50 pounds; for subalterns, 30 pounds.

Headquarters of the army: Baggage, 4 wagons; ambulance, 1 wagon.

Corps headquarters: Baggage, 2 wagons; subsistence, 1 wagon; forage, 1 wagon; force, 1 wagon; wheelwright shop, 1 wagon; ambulance, 1 wagon.

Military court, for its own baggage and the desks and money boxes at corps headquarters, 1 wagon.

