
Division headquarters: Baggage, 1 wagon; subsistence, desk, and money boxes, 1 wagon; forage, 1 wagon; forge, 1 wagon; wheelwright shop, 1 wagon; pioneer company, 1 wagon; reserve medical stores, 1 wagon; butchers, 1 wagon; ambulance, 1 wagon.

Brigade headquarters: Baggage and subsistence, 1 wagon; forage, 1 wagon; forge, 1 wagon; wheelwright shop, 1 wagon; brigade working tools, 1 wagon; ambulance, 1 wagon.

Regiments (counting those consolidated as one): Officers' baggage, including desks, money boxes, and medicine chests, 1 6-horse wagon; every 300 enlisted men present for duty, 1 wagon and 1 ambulance; battalion of sharpshooters, 1 wagon.

Artillery, to each battery: For baggage, 1 wagon; forage, 2 wagons; sick, 1 ambulance.

Engineer troops of the army: Each company, 1 wagon; signal corps of the army, 1 wagon; the tools for working parties of brigades, 1 wagon.

Ammunition reserves: Every 375 muskets, 1 wagon; 6-pounder and 12-pounder howitzer battery, 1 wagon; Napoleon gun battery, 3 wagons.

The baggage of field and staff of battalions to be transported in the wagons of the batteries.

The reduction called for by this order will be made immediately and the surplus wagons and ambulances returned to the chief quartermaster. The inspector-general will see that it is fully executed within ten days.

By command of General Johnston:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S CORPS,

Numbers 14. Dalton, Ga., January 29, 1864.

In the case before the military court of this corps of the Confederate States against R. J. Jenkins, Fourth Kentucky Regiment, it was testified by a witness that the colonel of that regiment had at times permitted sentinels to sit down on post.

Commenting on this testimony, it was declared in General Orders, Numbers 13, from these headquarters, dated January 13, 1864, than at officer authorizing such acts in a sentinel was "unfit to command."

This censure is constructed as applying to Lieutenant Colonel T. W. Thompson, now commanding the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, who disclaims having ever authorized or tolerated any such breach of discipline and is indorsed by his brigade and division commanders as eminently faithful and efficient and an excellent disciplinarian.

The major-general commanding therefore announces that the words of censure, as appears from the order, were based alone on the testimony and intended only to apply to an officer derelict in the manner stated. He deeply regrets any pain or injury suffered by Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson in the premises, and is solicitous that this explanation shall prevent any impression prejudicial to so deserving a soldier.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

