HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, January 29, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: Our cavalry is quite inefficient for want of a proper leader. General Martin has not h ad experience enough to give him confidence in himself or his men. Without confidence a cavalry leader can have no dash, and without either he cannot be the leader we need.

I respectfully request that Major General Wade Hampton may be ordered here to take command of the cavalry of this army. I have served with General Hampton in the Army of Northern Virginia and know him to be an excellent officer, and I think that he possesses all of the parts so essential in a cavalry officer.

Our cavalry is composed of very fine material, and only wants a good leader to render it very efficient.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 24, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

In my opinion Major-General Hampton cannot be spared from General Lee's army for this service, nor can I see the great necessity for this application while General Longstreet has two generals in his command, viz, Major-General Ransom and Brigadier General W. E. Jones, who are well-trained and instructed cavalry officers of long standing.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

I concur with Adjutant and Inspector-General.

J. A. S.

MORRISTOWN, January 29, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond:

We would be able to get along with the boats if we could get some nails. We have been arranging to build the former, but cannot get the latter.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., January 29, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding Brigade, Rogersville:

If you have any part of your brigade off on other duty, please recall it to Rogersville and remain where you are for the present. Rucker's Legion (both battalions) should be at Mooresburg. I have

