
sent orders to Major Paine to move there. I desire Colonel Corns to move his brigade somewhere in the vicinity of Kingsport. If he can get forage there please forward to him the accompanying note to that effect.*

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, January 29, 1864-8 a.m.

Colonel J. M. CORNS,

Commanding Jones' Cavalry Brigade:

The commanding general desires that your brigade should be moved somewhere near Rogersville, say Kingsport, which will be a good point for you if you can get forage there.

If you cannot forage yourself there he desires you to move to some point near Newport, on the French Broad. There you will be able to procure forage.

Please make the necessary arrangements to move at once, and let me know to which point you will move.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., January 29, 1864-8 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WYLLY,

Commanding Camp of Jenkins' Division:

If you have not already done so, please take the necessary steps to organize with the utmost dispatch the barefooted and other men of your division left in camp by General Jenkins.

It is possible that the enemy might make an effort to take advantage of the absence from this point of the greater part of our troops and endeavor to break through the cavalry lines to capture our camps. We must be prepared for this, and you will please, therefore, use all proper measures to put your men in good condition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRISTOWN, January 29, 1864.

Colonel JOHN C. CARTER,

Zollicoffer:

It is very possible that the enemy may be making such a movement as you supposed. To me it General Jackson's brigade has been ordered to Carter's Station, to form a junction with your regiment and Leyden's artillery. You had better move these at once,

---------------

*See following.

---------------

