HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, January 11, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER:

My division has been on less than half rations for some days, and are suffering from hunger. We have no forage for the animals, and none can be procured. Colonel Harker started for Bean's Station or vicinity yesterday to try and get some, and without anything to eat for his officers and men. I desire to make you acquainted with these facts, and ask that my division be removed to some other locality where I can better help my troops. I also respectfully report that 8 bales of blankets sent to me by my quartermaster were taken at the depot at Knoxville. These were very much needed, as many of the men have no blankets.

Is there no "God in Israel?"

P. H. SHERIDAN,Major-General.

MOSSY CREEK, TENN., January 11, 1864.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Command:

I have the honor to report that the scouts who brought the two prisoners from Dandridge report that the enemy have a division of cavalry near the place, and a battery planted about one-half mile the other side, commanding the road.

I am, respectfully,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding First Division.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Nashville, January 11, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Nashville:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose dispatch received yesterday from General Thomas, and will make it convenient to call upon you to-morrow.

A. JOHNSON,

Governor.

[Inclosure.]

CHATTANOOGA, January 10, 1864.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON:

I believe you can re-establish civil authority throughout Tennessee, and it is my earnest advice that you do so. Confidence will be restored and many people brought under the Constitution who are afraid at this time to exhibit their real sentiments.

I ordered Colonel Stokes to Nashville some time since to reorganize his regiment; and when his regiment was completely reorganized it was my intention to send it to Sparta to operate against Ferguson and other guerrillas. Please to let me know when the reorganization is completed. If you can do so I would advise a separation between Stokes and Galbraith, making two regiments. They will be more efficient than they are at present.

