
MERIDIAN, MISS., February 1, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The following telegram just received from General Forrest:

COMO, January 31, 1864.

A gentleman just from Memphis says the enemy design moving a large force from Vicksburg on Jackson and contemplate rebuilding the railroad between those points and moving from Jackson on Mobile and Meridian. He thinks the source from which his information is derived is reliable, and that they are anxious to draw our troops from the Army of Tennessee.

Whether such be the designs of the enemy or not, he has concentrated a large force at Vicksburg, and I am informed reliably it is his intention to make a forward movement from Vicksburg and Yazoo City in a few days. He also threatens Forrest with a movement from Collierville.

I have ordered the thorough destruction of the railroad from Jackson to Vicksburg.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 1, 1864.

General JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

I note what you say of Roddey. If Pillow's application succeeds at Richmond I take it for granted you will turn that command over to me, as I propose to employ it on your left flank.

What can you do in the mean time in giving me aid against a raid upon Selma, via Gadsden?

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 1, 1864

Major-General LEE,

Jackson, Miss.:

You will give orders to your cavalry command to destroy the railroad from Vicksburg to Jackson immediately, beginning as far west as you can, and putting as many men upon it as you can employ.

Let it be done thoroughly.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. CAV., DEPT. OF S. MISSISSIPPI AND E. LOUISIANA,Jackson, February 11, 1864.

Colonel T. J. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I send by Lieutenant Thompson a letter from General Loring. There seems to be no doubt that the enemy contemplates a serious move against Jackson, and if Mobile is not threatened I would suggest that additional infantry be sent to Brando or Jack-

