
I understand that General Rousseau has ordered Galbraith to McMinnville. He had no authority for doing so, the order from him to go to Nashville expressly stating that it was for the purpose of re-organization. Please show General Rousseau this telegram and say to him that I desire he will countermand his order.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., January 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on receiving the information that the rebel force at Dirt Town had removed its camp, with designs to cross Lookout Mountain, with a view to making a descent on the railroad, I detached a portion of the Second Kentucky Cavalry with instructions to make a reconnaissance up the valley and also on the mountain as far as Valley Head. They returned last night, and report that a few men of the Alabama Home Guard came down the valley as far as Johnson's Crook a few days since, and returned. They saw and could hear of no force on the mountain. The captain further reports that there is a body of home guards camped about 35 miles from Trenton, in Alabama, commanded by Colonel Davenport. The number he could not ascertain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., January 11, 1864.

Major E. W. GUINDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Corps:

MAJOR: In obedience to circular, Department of the Cumberland, September 5, 1863, I have the honor to report the state of defenses on my line as follows:

Third Brigade: The redoubt, 1 miles south of Bell Buckle, and also redoubt at Tank, 2 1/2 miles north from Wartrace, are completed. The former is garrisoned by two companies, and the latter by one company of the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers. The small fort at Wartrace bridge is completed, except bomb-proof, which is nearly completed. Garrison, four companies One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers.

The stockade at Wartrace is not finished, the garrison at that point being small for the duty required. Nothing has been done on the stockade since last report; the other defenses as that point are completed. Garrison, detachment of 80 men Third Wisconsin Volunteers, one company One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers. Rations, water, and fuel on hand at all the above-mentioned points, seven days.

At bridges, 1 mile south of Wartrace, the defenses are completed. Ten days' rations, seven days' water and fuel on hand. Garrison, two companies One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers.

5 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

