SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 32. Meridian, Miss., February 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XV. Brigadier-General Clanton will establish his headquarters at Gadsden, Ala., and organize and complete the Eighth Alabama Cavalry.

XVI. He is charged with the duty of affording all the protection in his power to the coal and iron sections of Alabama and the public works at Selma.

XVII. The following-named commands are ordered to report to General Clanton at Gadsden, Ala.:

Clanton's battery, at Montgomery, Ala.

The Sixth Alabama Cavalry, at Meridian, Miss.

Faulkner's, Dupre's, and Orme's companies, accompanying the Sixth Alabama Cavalry, and Houston's company, now in Wilcox County.

* * * * * * *

XIX. Major-General French will hold his command in readiness to move to Jackson as soon as ordered.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRISTOWN, February 1, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Please order Reynolds' brigade, of Buckner's division, to join this division. If Corse's brigade can be spared it should be sent here. The enemy has four corps in front of us - Fourth, Ninth, Eleventh, and Twenty-third - besides cavalry force from Middle Tennessee, under Generals Sturgis, Elliott, and Garrard. Our effective infantry is about 10,000. Under the circumstances, I doubt the propriety of advancing, and yet I do not, if the country is in a condition to allow so fine an opportunity to pass unimproved [sic].

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

FEBRUARY 1, 1864.

Colonel JOHN C. CARTER, Carter's Station:

Your main force ought to be divided between Zollicoffer and Carter's Station. There ought, however, to be small bridge guards, of a few men, at each of the other bridges.

You will be relieved in a few days by General Jackson's brigade. I have sent orders for you by mail.

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., February 1, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Brigadier General B. R. JOHNSON,

Commanding Division:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of yesterday evening to the commanding general. He directs me to say that if

