
was began, subsistence and clothing ought in justice to be sold to them at the prices teen prevailing, or else be issued to them without charge.

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Fourth indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, February 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Sales of subsistence stores to officers conform to the schedule of prices as fixed by the commissioners for the State of Georgia. A change of schedule on their part, likely to occur at any time, will cause a corresponding change of prices in sales to officers, and thereby increase the difficulties now complained of.

W. E. MOORE,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

CAMP, FLORIDA BRIGADE,

Dalton, Ga., February 3, 1864.

At a meeting of the officers of the Florida Brigade, held this day, the following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted:

Whereas, in consequence of the high prices of rations and clothing, as shown per schedule of prices hereto appended, it has become impossible for the regimental and line officers, especially subalterns, to subsist and clothe themselves out of the pay allowed by the Government; and

Whereas, so far from prospects of a change for the better, the evil is likely to increase and prove greatly detrimental to the common interest of the army of the country:

Be it therefore resolved, first, That we, the officers of the Florida Brigade, call the attention of our Congress to these facts, confidently hoping and urgently asking that they may in their wisdom adopt such measures as are necessary for our subsistence, either by the reduction of prices or by providing for the issuing to officers rations free of charge.

Resolved, second, That while we are willing to make all needful sacrifices for the sake of the glorious cause in which we are battling, and while we intend to endure unmurmuringly to the end all necessary hardships and privations, we feel that it is not asking too much of our Government to require subsistence at its hands as a remuneration for our services, and we hope that our action will not be viewed as dictatorial, but as an earnest appeal to the wisdom of our legislative department upon a subject which materially affects the welfare not only of ourselves but of the whole country.

Resolved, third, That a copy of these resolutions and preamble be at once forwarded, through the proper channel, to the Senate and House of Representatives of the Confederate States.

W. L. L. BOWEN,

Colonel First and Fourth Florida Regts., President of Meeting.

S. D. MCCONNELL,

Captain Seventh Florida Regiment, Secretary.

