
At Tank, 2 miles south of Duck River, and at Duck River, in defenses. Rations, wood, and water on hand, ten days. No change. Garrison, at former point, one company, and at latter point, nine companies of Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

The defenses at Normandy (a stockade), and at Tank, 2 miles south of that point (a block-house), are completed. Rations on hand, ten days, and seven days' supply of wood and water. Garrison at Normandy, seven companies, and at Trank, one company One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers.

No change in defenses at Tullahoma and at trestle bridge, 2 miles south of that point. The garrisons at these points are supplied with rations, wood, and water sufficient for seven days. There is a large supply of rations in commissary depot at Tullahoma.

Since last report, five companies of the Second Massachusetts Volunteers have left the post at Elk River and Tank, 1 mile north of that point, on furlough as veteran volunteers, leaving a detachment of about 160 men as garrisons for those points. No change in defenses. Rations, wood, and water on hand, seven days.

Report of First Brigade as follows: At Decherd and Cowan no changes have been made since last report. The garrison at Tantalon has been changed by substituting the Twentieht Connecticut Volunteers for the One hundred and forty-fifth New York, the latter regiment having been broken up.

The infantry forces at Stevenson and Bridgeport have been relieved by troops of the Second Division of this corps, but the artillery still remains at both the posts named.

The commanding officer of the First Brigade reports no further changes on his line since last report.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 11, 1864.

Colonel HURST:

COLONEL: You will proceed with your entire command, camp and garrison equipage, by the most direct route, to Purdy, where you will establish your camp and proceed to the destruction of all armed enemies to the United States Government. You will subsist your command upon the country, and take all serviceable animals which may be found, mounting your own command, and turn the balance over to the nearest post quartermaster, in every case giving receipts (not transferable) for whatever may be taken. Peaceable and loyal citizens will be kindly treated and protected, and your whole energy will be given to the destruction of guerrilla bands which now infest the country. You are particularly warned against allowing your men to straggle from camp or go to their homes. No foraging parties will be sent out except in charge of commissioned officers, who will be held responsible for the actions of the men. You will send your trimonthly and monthly reports as heretofore by special messenger to Colonel J. K. Mizner, commanding First Brigade, and will report your whereabouts and progress form time to time by telegraph, via the

