
a general stampede. They would almost all desert and return to West Tennessee. I think it would be better to postpone for some weeks this attempt, and have so said to Colonel Pressley. If, however, it is thought best to attempt it now, I have said to the colonel he might do so. Should he do it, it would be a failure and the prospect of final success be damaged. I have already expressed to you the opinion that more could be done to recover these men by sending their regiments to me for the winter than in any other way, and I am still of that opinion.

I remain, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, Miss., February 3, 1864.

Numbers 34.

* * * * * * *

III. Commanding officer Twenty-second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers is hereby ordered to proceed with his command to Mobile and report for duty to Major-General Maury, commanding.

* * * * * * *

V. Major-General French will move with his division to Jackson and establish his headquarters at that point, assuming control of the affairs of that post. He is also charged with supervision of the completion of railroad connection between Canton and Meridian.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cullum's, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERGUSON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

General Lee directs that you proceed by the nearest route to place your brigade in front of the enemy and between him and General Loring's command, which is probably in the vicinity of Morton. It may be necessary for you to go farther to the left than Morton. Upon your arrival you will report to General Loring, or whoever is in command, and be guided by his orders. The general will operate on their flanks with Jackson's division (two brigades). Major Steede is in Jackson. Two reports have been received from him at that point; has been ordered to join you.

Yours, respectfully,

G. W. HOLT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 3, 1864.

General FORREST, Oxford, Miss.:

Dispatch indicating amount and distribution of your forces received. As the force of the enemy at and near Memphis is small you might well be spared. You will therefore leave such force as is necessary to hold the enemy in check, and take command of all the rest of your troops in person and move down to Grenada. We shall want

