
all the force you can spare from the Tennessee front to meet the movement from Yazoo City and Grenada. You have authority to burn all the cotton of the Government you find exposed to capture by the enemy; also to burn all other cotton likely to fall into their hands belonging to private persons, leaving only a few bales for family supplies to each family, the number of bales to be judged of by you. Answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,On Road, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he will move to Brownsvillee to-day, and on to Jackson to-morrow. He directs that your order a regiment to report to him at Jackson to-morrow evening. Will send Wisdom on to McNairy County. It is reported that the enemy are preparing to move from Middle Tennessee, and from Memphis also, after us; and it is therefore important to be prepared and concentrate as early as practicable in order to meet them. He directs that you send out and impress ox-teams and haul all the artillery, &amp; c., as far as Brownsville, at which place you will send forward and have other ox-teams gotten up to carry them on to Jackson. The general says have the salt rolled out, so that it will be safe, and then burn up all the houses at the fort except the one used as hospital. Leave the Federal surgeon and such of the wounded as cannot travel or be moved, and parole them; also parole and leave with them a nurse or two, or slightly wounded men sufficient to wait on them, sending forward all other prisoners and negroes to Jackson immediately.

No negroes will be delivered to their owners on the march; they must all go to Jackson. Leave with the wounded five or six days' supply of provisions and any medicine they may need; the balance of provisions issue to your command. The major-general directs that you have brought out all ammunition and all other supplies that you can get transportation for. If you can haul them, bring also a few on the best tents; destroy the balance, with every building at Fort Pillow; also destroy and tear the works to pieces as much as you can and move back with your entire command between the Hatchie and Forked Deer, so as to sweep the country, bringing in every man between the ages of eighteen and forty-five to Jackson. Order your officers to take no excuse, neither allow conscripts to go home for clothes nor anything else. Their friends can send them to Jackson. When you reach Brownsvillee send a courier on to Jackson to let the general know what time you will reach that place. He also directs that you will endeavor to get teams beyond Brownsville, and have forage hauled for your command to the neighborhood of Jackson, camping your command south of the Forked Deer River. If you find you cannot bring them off, burn the little artillery, reserving and bringing out all the ammunition and accouterments belonging to them.

I am, general, very respectfully, & c.,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

