
PANOLA, MISS.,

February 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHALMERS,

Commanding:

Move here with everything at daylight. Enemy advancing from below. Leave lieutenants of Floyd's, Wallace's, and Williams' companies to bring on absentees.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

PANOLA, MISS.,

February 3, 1864.

Captain COCHRAN,

Commanding Second Arkansas, near Buck Snort:

Move here at once. Enemy advancing from below.

J. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 6. - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Tennessee troops who have re-enlisted for the war.

Whereas the Congress of the Confederate States have received with the liveliest emotions the cheering intelligence that a large portion of the Tennessee troops composing the Army of Tennessee, under the command of General Joseph E. Johnston, have tendered their services to the country during the war: It is therefore.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are hereby cordially given to the gallant soldiers of Tennessee who have, in advance of the legislation of Congress, and before their three years' term of service has expired, voluntarily tendered their services to the country during the war, with the heroic determination never to abandon the field till the last vandal invader is driven from our soil and our freedom won.

Resolved, That in view of the magnitude of the struggle in which we are engaged, and the great stake at issue - the freedom of our country - the Congress indulges the confident hope that the example so heroically set by their brothers in arms will be followed by our whole Army, thus giving to the world, after nearly three years of arduous struggle, an earnest of their determination to die or be free.

Resolved. That the President be requested to have the foregoing preamble and resolution sent to the commanders of the army, with the request that they communicate them to the officers and soldiers as an evidence of the high appreciation in which they are gratefully held by the Congress of the Confederate States of America for their heroic valor displayed on so many memorable occasions, and for their fortitude and perseverance under so many trials.

Approved February 3, 1864.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,
 Dalton, Ga., February 3, 1864.

Numbers 19.

I. The Board of Examiners required by General Orders, Numbers 141, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, paragraph V, will consist,

