
WAR DEPT., C. S. A., ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., February 5, 1864.

Brigadier General G. J. PILLOW, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to say that you will report to Lieutenant-General Polk for assignment to duty, either to take temporary command of the brigade of General Richardson (now, as is understood, under charges), or to inspect, muster in, and organize into a brigade the four regiments stated by you to have been raised under authority from Generals Bragg and Johnston, and, when so organized, to command the same.

The various companies raised by you, two stated to have been raised within the enemy's lines for general service, and others as a supporting force to the conscript service in the States of Alabama and Mississippi, so far as they may not be needed by Colonel Preston, the head of the Conscription Bureau, after those liable to service therein as conscripts have been discharged and conscribed, may also be ordered to report to you, and to constitute a part of your command.

General Polk will be furnished with a copy of this letter, requesting that he assist in carrying out this order as soon as the service of his department will allow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JACKSON, MISS., February 5, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Major-General LORING, Canton, Miss.:

I have one brigade and one regiment here - in all, say, 1,000 men. Strength of division when all present will be about 1,400 men. My artillery will be here this evening. Yesterday at 4 p. m. General Lee was between Bolton and Clinton. On the latter place the enemy was advancing about 12,000 strong. The enemy are now about 18 miles from here. They may be here before you can reach here, if you are still in Canton.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

CANTON, February 5, 1864 - 1 a. m.

General FRENCH:

I shall move my command by daylight to Madison Station, en route for Jackson. Let the telegraph operator fix the instrument at Madison Station.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

NINE MILES BEYOND CLINTON,

February 5, 1864 - 7.30 a. m.

General FRENCH:

The enemy are advancing in heavy [force] (infantry and cavalry) direct on Clinton. They will advance rapidly, as the country is quite open.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

