
LA FAYETTE, TENN., January 11, 1864.

Major-General HURLBUT:

A negro came to camp this morning; says Forrest is building bridges across Coldwater at three different places to attack this line in two or three days at least; says Forrest, Lee, and Chalmers are this side of Tallahatchie. Negro says that Mitchell's company is encamped at Jim House's plantation, near Moscow. Confederate soldiers were in Mount Pleasant yesterday conscripting. I am stationed here with only 20 men. If I only had sufficient number of men I would constantly patrol the roads south.

Respectfully,

ANTHONY R. MOCK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

CORINTH, January 11, 1864.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I learn from a citizen that Ferguson with his brigade has moved to the southeast corner of Pontotoc County, near Bentonville. Forrest has sent part of his force to Panola, on railroad. You doubtless are advised of this move if it has taken place. My advices are that there is no force at Okolona at present.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., January 11, 1864.

General GRIERSON:

Lieutenant-Colonel Dodds, First Alabama, learns from a citizen from Carrollville, just in, that Ferguson, Lowry, and Ham are encamped 18 miles southwest of Fulton, near Holliday's old ferry on Tombigbee. Patrols toward Holly Springs and Salem discovered nothing. They met patrols of Seventh Illinois on guard duty. The Third Michigan are hard at work buildings quarters and stables. They have as yet no means of shoeing horses and fitting them for ice roads.

I would like to have the Seventh Illinois to scout to Coldwater until Third Michigan gets settled.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 11, 1864.

Lieutenant BELDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Collierville:

The rebels are reported bridging Coldwater at Lockhart's Mill and half mile below at Rhoads' farm, and at some point between Lockhart's Mill and Hudsonville. You will send patrols to all points on the Coldwater west of Lockhart's Mill and obtain all possible information of the movements of the enemy. Also send patrols to Olive Branch and well toward Hernando.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

