
therefore preferred to wait to know what was to be my position before taking any steps toward a permanent organization of command. The year's work is so near upon us now that I suppose a change of commander cannot well be made. I deem it my duty, therefore, to call to your notice our unprepared condition, and to say that it should be remedied at as early a moment as practicable. The appointment of a proper cavalry leader and three or four brigadiers will give us a very efficient cavalry force. Our material is as good as any that I have met with during the war, and with proper officers will be far superior to any cavalry that the enemy has. I have taken the pains to visit the cavalry in some of its fights, and know from personal observation that with proper officers it will be able to contend successfully against any of the enemy's cavalry. I regret the delay that has occurred in this report, but think there is still time to apply the remedy if it is promptly acted upon. I desire to renew my application for Major-General Hampton to command the cavalry, or any other officer of ability in that arm. The supplies in this country will be exhausted in a few weeks more, and we shall be obliged to draw them from some other part of the country. The forage is already so scarce that we cannot concentrate our cavalry for active operations. I had hoped to make some moves against the enemy whilst he was in bad condition to meet us, but we have not been able to do so for want of means to cross streams, and for want of forage enough to supply our cavalry for a few days in advance. The pontoon train that you were kind enough to order for us has not yet been heard of since your notice that it was ordered.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General Ransom has been assigned to the command of all this cavalry, whose presence it is hoped will bring it up to a proper state of discipline and organization, when he will be able to report definitely in respect to brigade commanders. General Longstreet erred in parting with Brigadier-General Armstrong under the emergency referred to within. Brigadier General W. E. Jones has been ordered to report to him.

S. C.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Dalton, Ga., February 6, 1864.

The field allowance of tents will be as follows:

For corps headquarters, 3; division, 2; brigade, 2; regimental, 1, and as many flies for the sick of the regiments as corps commanders may designate.

All tents in above of this allowance will be sent to the chief quartermaster at once and by him sent to the rear.

One wagon per division will be allowed for the transportation of tents.

By command of General Johnston:

[KINLOCH FALCONER.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

