
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S CORPS,
 Dalton, Ga., February 6, 1864.

Numbers 20.

I. It is desired that slaves be employed as teamsters; where as many as 20 are tendered for such service, the owners may select 1 white man as overseer, who will receive the pay of a wagon-master, with rations, and shall exercise immediate care and supervision over such slaves.

II. Soldiers once on duty as teamsters and afterward returned to their companies in consequence of the employment of slaves in their places, shall not again be detailed as teamsters under any circumstances.

III. Slaves may be employed to cook and wash for the enlisted men, at the rate of 4 to each company, receiving the pay of soldiers, with rations, and being reported as "laundresses." They are to take the places of men previously detailed as cooks.

IV. Commanding officers and quartermasters are urged to use active exertions for carrying this order into effect, so as to strengthen the ranks by returning the large number of able-bodied soldiers now on extra duty.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., February 6, 1864.

Major-General FRENCH, Brandon:

Quarles' brigade has been ordered to you. Three other brigades will be sent forward. Let your inspector look after their camps and locate them.

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON STATION, February 6, 1864 - 1.45.

General LEE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 12.20 received. I have two regiments at this point, and the rest of my brigade extended as far east as the Canton and Jackson road. As there seem to be two Jackson and Canton roads, it would be best to specify which is meant. I have sent scouts to the front on the road to Jackson west of this, and also to Big Black, to watch Moore's Bluff and other crossings. If you fall back toward Canton, what must be done about the wagons on other side of river? I hold my command saddled and in line ready to move; if this is not necessary I will unsaddle.

Respectfully,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

CULLUM'S HOUSE, NEAR FERRY,

February 6, 1864 - 4.45.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding at Morton:

GENERAL: The enemy came out in considerable cavalry force to-day on the Canton road (several regiments) about 6 miles and were

