
32nd parallel of latitude is constituted into a military district, to be called the Northern District of Alabama.

The command of this district is assigned to Major General J. M. Withers, who is charged with its military supervision and defense. Major-General Withers is authorized to raise organizations in this district of parties over forty-five years of age for local defense, and under eighteen for thee war, subject to sanction of War Department.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Numbers 8.] - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the troops from the State of Louisiana in the Army of Tennessee.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are tendered to the gallant troops from the State of Louisiana in the Army of Tennessee who have with signal unanimity volunteered their services for the war.

SEC. 2. Resolved, That the lofty and self-sacrificing spirit exhibited by this noble act deserves and will receive the commendation and gratitude of every true patriot.

SEC. 3. Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are equally due and are tendered to the patriotic and self-sacrificing troops who at the commencement of the war placed their services at the disposal of their country without condition or limit as to time.

Approved February 6, 1864.

MERIDIAN, February 7, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

There is a movement in force on my Mississippi River front from Vicksburg. Whether it is intended to be advanced beyond Pearl River does not yet appear. We have reports to that effect which I do not credit. If pressed on the Mississippi front I have not an adequate force for the defense of Mobile. Can you give me any aid? If so, let it be as liberal as your circumstances will admit.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., February 7, 1864.

General JOHNSTON, Dalton:

The forward movement in force which I have anticipated has been made from Vicksburg. Jackson was entered by a column on evening before last, reported 20,000 strong. Another is moving up Yazoo River, numbers not known. My cavalry remain on their flanks and rear. I have my infantry in their front at Morton. Should they press me here I shall not have force enough to take care of Mobile, and if pressed there shall advise you.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

