
MERIDIAN, February 7, 1864.

General FORNEY,

Enterprise:

It is of great importance that the troops under Brigadier-General Shoup should come forward without any delay. How soon will they be ready to move?

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MORTON, February 7, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Ross at 7 a. m. yesterday was still in possession of Yazoo City and had prevented the enemy landing. He thinks they are receiving re-enforcements. Will send you his and General Lee's reports by Captain Bursley to-day. There is no transportation here for General French's command, nor for troops arriving. Will move my division to-morrow in the direction of Brandon if I find I can get supplies. Please forward transportation and supplies as rapidly as possible. Don't think it possible to impress transportation here. Grain ought also to be sent. Nothing from Lee since telegram of this morning.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

MORTON, February 7, 1864 - 12 m.

General L. POLK:

Your dispatch received. Handed it to General Loring to answer. I have no information from cavalry in front that the enemy have yet crossed the river. Ross holds Yazoo City. At last dispatches Lee was near Cullum's Ferry. When will my wagons reach here? Better send them by dirt road.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cullum's, near Bridge, February 7, 1864 - 8.45 a. m.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Morton:

GENERAL: Wilbourn's regiment was to have been together from conscript duty day before yesterday. During the night I heard his companies had not yet arrived at Brandon. I send you a regiment this morning, and will order it to Brandon and nearer to Jackson till you can give such orders as you desire. General Forrest reports at 8 p. m. last evening from Oxford that all enemy's cavalry from West Tennessee and South Kentucky are concentrated at Germantown and Memphis to move on him. He reports fifteen empty boats as gone up the river, and states that he will attack Memphis if any of the enemy's cavalry should go down the Mississippi on the boats. Forrest's troops are at Oxford, Panola, and Oakland, to be in striking distance of Grenada or Oxford. I have scouts watching enemy across Pearl River in front of Jackson, and will promptly move on their flank should they cross. Besides Hurlbut's and McPherson's corps (Sixteenth and Seventeenth), Henderson's scouts have captured

