
this morning will give you the strength as near as could be learned. He is an intelligent man, and saw them himself. Please communicate this to General Loring, as he has ordered me to report to him also.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WILBOURN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, DEPT. OF WEST TENN. AND MISS.,Oxford, February 8, 1864.

Major-General GHOLSON:

GENERAL: My scouts report the enemy crossing Coldwater on the Hernando road 5,000 strong. Twelve regiments of cavalry are at Germantown and Collierville preparing to move south. Smith's (Federal) brigade, estimated at 4,000 strong, from Columbus, Ky., are crossing Hatchie near Bolivar, Tenn. Indications are that they will move in two columns - one by Panola to Grenada, the other by Salem, New Albany, and Pontotoc toward Okolona. If General Roddey's command is in your front, in the neighborhood of Corinth, I think it will be advisable for you to move your command out to Red Land, in the direction of Houston, or even to the right of that, where you can get forage and be in striking distance in case I have to fall back, establishing to my headquarters a line of couriers. If I should leave here myself and go to Panola or Grenada, your dispatched can be telegraphed from this place. I shall rely upon you to watch the force now at Bolivar, and keep me advised of all the movements and protect my flank. I have written to General Roddey, if consistent with his orders, to move his command down in the neighborhood of Tupelo and establish communication with your headquarters, and through you to this place. I am of the opinion that they will endeavor to move toward Columbus, and if the Bolivar force should move, Roddey and yourself combined could either whip or greatly harass them, and retard their progress and prevent them from gaining my rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

OXFORD, February 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Have McCulloch's brigade moved to Panola at once. Will send Richardson's brigade to Toba Tubby and Wyatt. Bell's brigade will move toward Panola this morning. McGuirk is at Abbeville. Put Bell at Belmont and the railroad bridge. Have ordered Thrall's battery to Oakland; if you find the enemy advancing send for it. I will come down by Toba Tubby and Belmont. Keep a small picket at the mouth of Coldwater.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., FORREST'S CAV. DEPT., Near Panola, February 8, 1864.

Numbers 25.

I. Colonel McCulloch, commanding brigade, will send the Second Missouri Regiment at daylight to-morrow morning toward Coldwater

