
to meet and retard the advance of the enemy. The Eighteenth Mississippi Battalion will be sent to the left of the main road to attack the enemy in the flank and attempt to capture their wagon train. The remainder of the brigade will be put in the trenches. A detail will be sent from each command to the wagons to cook four days' rations for their commands.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, February 8, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Richmond:

My telegram to the Secretary of War in regard to shoes was sent because we require far more than your shops can furnish. I respectfully urge the adoption of immediate measures to obtain supplies from other sources. Be so good as to inform me if what you say of indiscriminate impressment is a message from the Secretary of War.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, February 8, 1864.

Memorandum for Colonel Browne, aide-de-camp.

The effective total of the army (infantry and artillery), 36,111. At the end of December it was 36,826, which during the month was reduced by the transfer of Quarles' and Baldwin's brigades, 2,700. The present brigades of the army were, therefore, increased by 1,000 effectives during January.

We have a few unarmed men in each brigade; about half are without bayonets. Many barefooted; the number of the latter increasing rapidly. Thirteen thousand three hundred pairs shoes are now wanted for infantry and artillery.

The artillery is not efficient; is unorganized, and there are not means of ascertaining if it has officers fit for colonels and lieutenant-colonels; both those grades should be filled. I am endeavoring to improve the organization.

About 400 artillery horses are wanting. I shall obtain a few by dismounting orderlies. The chief quartermaster is procuring others. There are 112 pieces, 64 of which are present with teams incapable of maneuvering them on a field of battle. Forty-eight are near Kingston to improve their horses.

I have applied for the promotion and assignment of Colonel E. P. Alexander to the grade of brigadier-general to command this artillery. It requires such an officer to prepare it for the field.

The efficient chief of ordnance supplies us well with everything pertaining to his department except bayonets, which it is known cannot be furnished.

By taking about 300 baggage wagons from the troops we have for supply trains 600 wagons. Many of their mules require rest and food to make them fit for a campaign. One hundred and thirty other wagons are being altered to bear pontoons. Such trains would not carry food and forage for more than three days for this army.

