
of the Clinch. Brigadier-General Willcox at once will turn over the command of that district to the senior officer remaining, who will assume temporary command until the arrival of Brigadier-General Garrard. Brigadier-General Willcox will report to Major-General Parke, commanding Forces in the Field, for duty in the Ninth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 11 Memphis, Tenn., January 11, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IX.-1. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding District of Columbus, will immediately upon the receipt of this order move all the available cavalry in his command, except the Tennessee regiments, to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, reaching the railroad at the nearest practicable point to Memphis. Three wagons to a regiment will be allowed for transportation.

2. The infantry force of his command will be moved by river to Memphis, except following garrisons: For Paducah, three companies; for Cairo, seven companies; for Columbus, one white regiment and the Second Tennessee Heavy Artillery, of African descent. The regiments at Fort Pillow will be sent forward to Memphis and that post abandoned. He will also send forward to Memphis the two best of his three batteries of light artillery. All public property at Fort Pillow to be sent to Cairo or Memphis.

3. Provisions, forage, and ordnance at Columbus will be shipped to Memphis, except such as will be required by the garrison proper and the troops dependent on Columbus for supplies.

4. The infantry will bring with them 120 rounds of ammunition; the artillery with full limbers and caissons. The reserve, for supply for the cavalry to bring them up to 120 rounds, to be sent by steamer.

5. Transportation trains, except such as are strictly necessary for post use, will be sent forward by steamer to Memphis.

X.-1. Brigadier General J. D. Stevenson, commanding District of Corinth, will proceed, immediately upon receipt of this order, to dismount and send to Memphis the heavy guns and ordnance stores at Corinth preparatory to evacuating that post. He will send in by trains first the guns and ordnance of every description, except so much as will be requisite for his command in cartridge-boxes. The battalion of siege artillery will accompany the guns, reporting to Colonel Kappner at Fort Pickering, Memphis.

2. He will send forward all public property of any value, and especially provisions and quartermaster's stores. As far as practicable he will cause all lumber used for building, &amp;c., to be sent forward by trains, and will at or before abandoning the place destroy thoroughly what cannot be moved.

3. Sick in hospitals and hospital stores must be removed to Memphis, first due notice being sent, that they may be provided for.

