HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, East Tenn., February 9, 1864.

Brigadier General G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that if you have not moved from Bull's Gap you delay your movement till further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LAKE, February 9, 1864 - 1 a. m.

General FORNEY,

Enterprise:

Send the command of General Shoup to Mobile without delay. If it is not completely equipped let its equipments be sent after it. Transportation has been ordered to Enterprise for it.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

February 9, 1864 - 8.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding:

Regret cannot assist you. Have just applied for additional [force] to repel the enemy at Jacksonville, Flaa. My force is quite limited.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

February 9, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Hope you will be prepared to meet enemy with success. He has landed at Jacksonville, Fla. I have called for additional troops, if obtainable, to check him.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HILLSBOROUGH, February 9, 1864 - 9.15.

General LEE:

GENERAL: I think it now plain that the enemy intend moving on Mobile, and as a preliminary measure to break up the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. He will no doubt move on the shortest line which will take him in below Meridian. It is of the utmost importance that this would be retarded as long as possible, that I may return to Maury certain troops. These troops I shall ship from Newton. You will therefore take the necessary means for accomplishing this. The transportation for them will be at Newton to-morrow morning (10th) at 6. The troops will take it as soon after as possible (perhaps by 12 m.), and will pass down from Meridian to-morrow night or the following morning (11th). You see then what you have to do, viz, cover Newton until the troops leave there, and cover the Mobile and Ohio Railroad until they pass down. A force in their front for this

