SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. Lieutenant General POLK'S COMMAND,Numbers -. In the Field, near Hillsborough, Feb. 9, 1864.

I. Major-General French will move with his command in time to take the cars at Newton Station to-morrow morning (10th instant) at 6 o'clock and proceed to Meridian. he will move both his troops and batteries, including horses, by railroad. Should there not be sufficient transportation for both guns and horses, he will send forward his guns and caissons by the train and send his forces by the road to Meridian.

II. From Meridian he will move with his command to Mobile by the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, taking the trains of the evening schedule if possible; if not, then by the following morning.

III. Should he find the railroad interrupted he will return to Meridian and proceed from thence by railroad to Demopolis; or if this be not found practicable, he will march overland to Demopolis and avail himself of steam-boat transportation by the Tombigbee River to reach Mobile.

IV. In case that Major-General French finds the Mobile and Ohio Railroad interrupted at any point below Enterprise he will exercise his discretion whether to march to Mobile or return to Meridian and take the route indicated in paragraph III of this order.

V. On his arrival at Mobile Major-General French will turn over his command to Major-General Maury and report in person to the lieutenant-general commanding.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Decatur Road, february 9, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to inclose to you the within communication from Sergeant Pennington as useful information, and to say that this will render it unnecessary for you to make a fatiguing march in order to reach Newton by 6 o'clock to-morrow. An hour or two later in arriving there will make no difference. He leaves it, therefore, discretionary with you whether to camp to-night and take an early in the morning or to go all the way to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully,

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

LAKE STATION, MISS.,

February 9, 1864.

General POLK:

SIR: By order of Colonel Miller I have the honor to report to you that I arrived at this place at 5 p. m. The enemy is not at this place yet. I get no information of their being any nearer here than Morton. The report is current here that a heavy force is advancing on the Raleigh road. I have no idea that they are near this place as yet.

Your obedient servant,

W. PENNINGTON,

Sergeant.

