HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Decatur Road, February 10, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Newton:

GENERAL: I send Private Moore, Twenty-eighth Mississippi Cavalry, to go by Newton, in order to get the telegraphing magnet and wire in use by the operator I sent over last, or any instrument that can be had readily, for the purpose of sending it to General S. D. Lee, to be used by his operator. Please see that it is sent by Moore. If you apprehend any difficulty in getting off your batteries and wagon train do not wait for them, but send them to Meridian via Decatur road. They can be ordered to follow you from Meridian. My information is that the enemy is moving in the direction of Raleigh. I have ordered Lee to throw himself between the enemy and railroad, and to send couriers to the stations to advise of the enemy's whereabouts.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, February 10, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General Polk:

GENERAL: Arrived here last night. General Forrest is at Oxford.

I go there this evening. The following received last night:

PANOLA, February 10, 1864.

General FORREST:

My scouts report Federals fell back. Part of them encamped at Senatobia, balance at Hickahale. McCulloch skirmished with them till dark. Scouts from rear give same statement of force. Reported they have pontoons. Not certain.

THOS. HENDERSON,

Captain Independent Scouts.

Chalmers represents enemy's force at 1,530 infantry, 130 cavalry, and 6 pieces of artillery, and 6 wagons loaded with pontoons. Major Echols, at Goodman's Station, has information from south that McPherson's and Logan's corps, commanded by Sherman, are 25,000 strong. No enemy in Jackson. Three gun-boats and seven transports in Yazoo River, near Satartia, said to be waiting for re-enforcements to move forward. This information is of the 9th.

W. N. MERCER OTEY,

Signal Officer.

MERIDIAN, February 10, 1864.

General POLK:

It is my judgment from the direction taken by the enemy that Mobile is his destination. he will in all probability pursue the high road to enterprise, De Soto, or Shubuta, near which stations are the two Chickasawha bridges, for the purpose of destroying them. I have heard from several scourges that the enemy took a southward course with a large column after leaving Morton. McDowell is at the Tombigbee River, 4 miles below Demopolis, on the west bank of the river.

M. EMANUEL.

