HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, Miss., February 10, 1864.

Major BIDWELL,

Enterprise:

MAJOR: I telegraphed you this morning in reply to your dispatch. Let the public stores be prepared for shipment. The cars will be furnished at the earliest practicable moment. If transportation cannot be furnished for the cotton it should be destroyed at the last moment. About this, however, you will receive further orders. You will keep the troops at Enterprise as long as practicable, guarding the point and the stores. If compelled to leave =, let them be marched to demopolis, unless otherwise ordered. The cavalry should drive the beeves and protect wagons, teams, &amp;c., for which transportation cannot be furnished. These directions are given merely as a matter of precaution for your guidance in the event the enemy should press us beyond the railroad. If you need further instructions telegraph me. If you have any extra wagons and teams they might be profitably employed in removing hospitals, &c.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

THOS, M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEWTON, February 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Meridian, Miss.:

Instruct General Quarles to remain in the cars at Meridian until I arrive.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

JOSEPH MOORE'S PLANTATION,

February 10, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Lieutenant General L. POLK:

Lieutenant Bondurant reports having left vicinity of Brandon day before yesterday evening and Raleigh yesterday. no enemy seen after leaving Brandon. Citizens living 2 miles south of Morton on Homewood road report no enemy on that road up to 4 p. m. yesterday. Up to 2 p. m. to-day there was no enemy at Forrest Station. Enemy's cavalry 1 mile east of Hillsborough on Decatur road at 10 a. m. to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

NEWTON, February 10, 1864 - 12 p. m.

General FERGUSON:

General Polk requests me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch from Moore's plantation, and to say to you that he desires that you will press forward, so as to develop the enemy's position and strength and keep him fully informed of any movement. The

45 R R - VOL XXXII, PT II

