
telegraph wires and an operator will be left here, so that you can communicate with him at Meridian, for which point he leaves to-morrow morning. he wishes you to leave a force to protect this point, so as to secure prompt communication with him at Meridian. The operator from Lake brings information that 12 cavalrymen came into that place after dark to-night dressed as Confederates, but their questions and manner and appearance showed that they were Federals; they left, coming in this direction by a by-road. It has been suggested that by picketing the road near Dr. Conner's, this side of Leaf River bridge, these men might be intercepted. he wishes the force left to protect this point to picket the approaches very carefully, an to be warned of the practice of the Yankees to disguise themselves as Confederates. A dispatch was received from Mrs. Ferguson and Mrs. Holt from Meridian in quiring after you. The general will see that your communications to Mrs. Ferguson shall reach her promptly, and will forward her letters by every opportunity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. YEATMAN,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Oxford, february 10, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he is of opinion the enemy will attempt to move on our right by the way of Ripley, and from Collierville toward Okolona. He wishes, therefore, that you have your command prepared to move at a moment's notice. In the event you are ordered to move here, the general directs that unless otherwise ordered you will leave one of your old regiments at Panola, with a section of artillery, to guard the river, and move promptly with everything else. He has about 10,000 pounds of hard bread here, and has ordered 5,000 pounds of bacon to be sent here from Grenada by first train. There will also be 600 sacks of shelled corn here to-night. In case the move is made as expected, you will take with you no wagons except those with ammunition, sending all the other wagons back to Grenada, taking 6 of the best mules you have to each ordnance wagon; also taking with you an ambulance for every 500 men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

PANOLA, MISS.,

February 10, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

Oxford:

Have ordered Second Missouri Regiment back. Will try to deceive the enemy into the belief that we are evacuating to induce them to come on.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

