
would either order the cavalry back to you or order the absentees from the regiments to join them, but believe that no steps have been taken in the matter yet. I hope, however, that it may soon be got together at once place or the other.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, East Tenn., February 10, 1864.

Major General G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding, Bull's Gap:

General Longstreet desires me to direct you to move your command to this place, starting to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 10, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Order General G. B. Hodge to proceed at once with his brigade to Morristown and report to Lieutenant General J. Longstreet, commanding.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 19. Richmond, Va., February 10, 1864.

The following address of the President is published for the information of the Army:

Soldiers of the Army of the Confederate States:

In the long and bloody war in which your country is engaged you have achieved many noble triumphs. You have won glorious victories over vastly more numerous hosts. You have cheerfully borne privations and toil to which bayou were unused. You have readily submitted to restrains upon your individual will, that the citizen might better perform his duty to the state as a soldier. To all these you have lately added another triumph - the noblest of human conquests, a victory over yourselves.

As the time drew near when you who first entered the service might well have been expected to claim relief from your arduous labors and restoration to the endearments of home, you have heeded only the call of your suffering country. Again you come to tender your service for the public defense, a free offering, which only such patriotism as yours could make, a triumph worthy of you and of the cause to which you are devoted.

I would in vain attempt adequately to express the emotions with

