
instructed. They will take great care that each evolution is performed with the utmost accuracy and precision.

Vi. Officers of this corps will be required to wear sabers at all times when on duty.

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Dublin, February 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond:

GENERAL: I received your telegram yesterday and immediately ordered Brigadier-General Hodge as you directed.

General Hodge's brigade has just arrived in this department; his men are greatly in need of clothing, which I can supply only in part, and they have not been paid for from six to eight months. I was preparing to pay and clothe them, with the intention of sending them, as soon as they could be put in condition to move, on an expedition which promised good results. If General Longstreet can spare them I shall be glad to be permitted to employ them as I proposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DALTON, February 11, 1864.

To the PRESIDENT:

I believe that the disposition of Kentucky troops you explain by Colonel Lee would be highly beneficial to the military service, and therefore agree to the transfer General Breckinridge proposes. Circumstances make it necessary that at least an equivalent in value should be given me. I write fully to Colonel Lee.*

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred by the President to the Adjutant and Inspector General for consideration when General Johnston's letter arrives.

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

DALTON, February 11, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

General Johnston informs me that he telegraphed favorably in regard to the Kentucky brigade; I respectfully new early orders for its movement. Can my couriers and incomplete and unattached companies go if the general consents?

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 726.

---------------

