
as early as possible the correct information. I shall leave in a few minutes for Meridian, but shall leave an operator here to forward your dispatches. I am informed a column of the enemy encamped within 11 miles of Decatur last night.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, Miss., February 11, 1864.

Major-General LORING:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say tat if the enemy are pressing you - his information being that he was following you and encamped within 11 miles of Decatur last night - he thinks it important that you should check his march to Meridian in order to afford time for the shipment of the public stores from this point. Lieutenant-Colonel Lockett will report to you for the purpose of aiding in the selection of suitable points for resistance, which might be offered, as the engineer thinks, at two or three places within 10 or 15 miles. It may be important to occupy these points in succession. This is deemed desirable. The Missouri brigade and Ector's are still held here, and may be sent to your support should they be required.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,February 11, 1864 - 9.40 p. m.

General POLK, Commanding:

GENERAL: I send herewith a copy of a dispatch received from Colonel Maxwell, the latest which has been received.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

FOUR AND A HALF MILES EAST OF DECATUR,

February 11, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major ROBINSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Since writing to you this morning I find that the enemy are still advancing on this road. They will probably encamped at the creek some 3 or 4 miles beyond Decatur, on Decatur and Hillsborough road, to-night. I have burned all bridges, which I find retard their advancing very much.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. MAXWELL.

P. S.- I learned this evening that there is a drove of 700 Government hogs that will get as far as Union to-night; also a drove of some 100 or 200 beeves some 10 miles behind them. I directed that they should leave this road as far to the right as possible. I have notified General Polk that the enemy are still advancing on this road.

W. L. M.

