
it you will see he thinks the enemy will follow you this place. I also send copy of a dispatch* from General Forrest, from which you will see he still a heavy cavalry column will move upon the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. I have no doubt it is expected that these columns will unite, and that at all events Sherman's column will depend upon this cavalry for subsistence. I am told the positional or about where you are is a strong one for defense, and as we have not quire removed all the public stores from here yet, I think you had better halt where you are to check the enemy until this can be effected. I have sent out the engineers to examine the points along the road. You will please ride with them to-morrow and select the best position. He will report to you. You will of course keep yourself well advised as to the state of things in your rear. General Ferguson moves over to your road to cover you and retard the enemy.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

NEWTON, February 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SEVIER,

Meridian:

The trains, with Ector's and Cockrell's brigades, which were to have gone during the day, will not go. Inform agent of Mobile and Ohio Railroad that he may resume his usual schedule this evening. Telegraphed for Fleming, of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, to meet me at Meridian soon as he can. We have trains enough here for present purposes. Send down to Mobile by way of the river thirty-two wagons and teams, and send the mules that are in good order. Send down to Mobile by railroad this evening all the baggage of the troops of Quarles', McNair's, Baldwin's, and Shoup's brigades; keep that of Ector and Crockrell until further orders. Ship all public property to Demopolis as soon as possible; also direct medical director to remove his sick to east of Tombigbee.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS.,

February 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Columbus, Miss.:

Order the Forty-third Mississippi Regiment to this point at once, except the unexchanged officers and men, whom you will send to Demopolis. You will assume immediate command of the unattached cavalry in your district for purposes of defense. Collect and equip them without delay. Colonel Isham Harrison has been ordered to report to you. Let his regiment be armed. Answer.

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Inclosed in Polk to Lee, p. 720.

46 R R - VOL XXXII, PT II

---------------

