SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No. 44. Meridian, Miss., February 13, 1864.

Major General J. H. Forney will assume command of Demopolis, Ala., with discretionary powers in the movement of troops and supplies across the river to the eastward.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Market, February 13, 1864.

General BUCKNER:

DEAR GENERAL: As I get nearer Knoxville the evidences of the demoralization of the enemy increases and the evidences of the importance of a prompt move increases. I am therefore obliged to move on, and shall need not only the witnesses that your court wants, but the members of the court who belong with us. I respectfully suggest, therefore, that you should adjourn for two weeks, that we may go down and look at the enemy and try and take him should the indications justify us in making the effort.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Market, February 13, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS:

MAJOR: Your note of Yesterday and summons for witnesses were duly received. To furnish all the witnesses would reduce me to the necessity of abandoning the expedition now on foot; and it is my opinion that to continue the case at present may prejudice my operations, as it would keep the minds of witnesses and others upon the question and produce more or less discussion on the merits and demerits of the case, thus in a measure acting as a bar to that hearty co-operation and harmony which are so necessary to success. The indications are so strong that there is another great opportunity for us that I am forced to the conviction that I should advance against Knoxville, and it seems to me that the court could not proceed in this case even if the members could get quarters along our new line.

I would respectfully suggest, therefore, that the court suspend its operations for two weeks to give us the opportunity which we should not allow to pass.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[Numbers 18.] - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Tenth Mississippi Regiment.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and men of the Tenth Mississippi Regiment

