
for having patriotically and in a spirit of self-sacrificing devotion re-enlisted for the war.

Resolved, That a record of these proceedings be forthwith furnished to the troops comprising the Tenth Mississippi Regiment.

Approved February 13, 1864.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 37. Richmond, February 13, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. The Department of Tennessee will be bounded on the north and east by the western limits of the Department of East Tennessee, as described in paragraph XIII, Special Orders, Numbers 26, current series, and a line south from the source of the Little Tennessee River to Greensborough, Ga., on the south and west by the Georgia Railroad; from that place to Atlanta, Ga., and the Montgomery and West Point Railroad to West Point, Ga.; and on the west by the Eastern and northern limits of the Department of Mississippi, as described in a letter from this office dated August 12, 1863, addressed to General Joseph E. Johnston.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 7. Dalton, Ga., February 13, 1864.

Surg. A. J. Ford id announced on the staff of the general commanding as medical director.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, February 14, 1864.

General COOPER:

Reported from Pensacola Farragut was there last Wednesday, with eight mortar-boats and four steamers, to attack Grant's Pass to-morrow. His fleet reported off Mobile Bay. My present effective strength is 10,050 of all arms. I need 6,000 additional good infantry to hold the place long and successfully. Have plenty of breadstuffs. Have fair supply of other subsistence. Need ordnance. Need experienced heavy artillerist, and some clever engineers - engineers experienced under fire. Sherman reported to have left Vicksburg with 25,000 infantry, 25 guns, 2,000 cavalry; to have destroyed Southern Railroad, and Breaking up bridges behind him.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

