
MERIDIAN, February 14, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH;

GENERAL: You will move your whole command forward at 5 o'clock, taking the road to Alamutche, Gaston, and Moscow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 14, 1864.

General FRENCH:

You will put your column in motion immediately for Moscow via Alamutche and Gaston. General Loring will want the road so soon as you can give it to him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 14, 1864 - 4.30 a. m.

Lieutenant General L. POLK, Headquarters:

GENERAL: All trains have passed down except the one from Columbus, which was to have left there at 3 a. m., and will probably reach here at 11 a. m. The last down-train brought all the bacon and ordnance stores from West Point, Brookville, and Macon, and we have left a few cars above, but the loss will be small. All the stores at this place have been loaded up and the last will go forwarded in the train which takes me. The whole arrangements have been entirely successful. If the enemy can be held in check until 11 o'clock our last train will be safe.

With my best wishes for your success, I am, general, your obedient servant,

L. J. FLEMING.
HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, Miss., February 14, 1864.

Major-General LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The Government consents to the use of cotton in procuring army supplies of every description. You will use your discretion in thus employing it; it should not be burnt where such appropriation is practicable. Duplicate of the above instructions is sent you for General Forrest. Please forward to him by telegraphed if possible; if not, then by courier or otherwise, as may occur to you best. Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, february 14, 1864.

General CHALMERS, Oxford:

Move with the force you have at once to houston, leaving those below to follow on, taking McGuirk's [regiment] and Wheeler's battery with you. Answer when received.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

47 R R - VOL XXXII, PT II

