
that of Powers, also Carter's and Lay's let them raise all they can. My train will pass the river at Moscow via Pinkins' bridge. they are well advanced and all going on well. Dispatch me to Demopolis via McDowell. Use the wires if you can.

Yours, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

OXFORD, MISS., February 15, 1864.

(Via Macon, 18th.)

Governor CHARLES CLARK:

The enemy, 10,000 strong, with thirty pieces artillery, crossed at New Alabany on the 13th and 14th. Have not learned the route taken by them. You have no doubt learned by this time. Will leave here to-morrow morning with two brigades and two batteries; will move in the direction of Macon.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., February 15, 1864.

General POLK:

The enemy, 4,000 strong, reported near Pontotoc 12 m. to-day. Colonel Forrest dispatches 45 miles from West Point:

I am on forced march to be enemy to West Point. Good authority that enemy encamped last night 15 miles north of Houston. Supposed to be 2,000 or 3,000.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., February 15, 1864.

Colonel HARRIS,

Commanding Cavalry, Fayetteville, Ala.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Rugglers, commanding this district, to instruct you to hold your command in readiness to proceed to Cotton Gin on short notice; also, that you communicate to these headquarters by courier daily for information as to the movements of the enemy until further orders, and in the event of your learning of the approach of the enemy from the northwest, on reliable authority, you will proceed to cotton Gin without delay, giving notice of the fact to these headquarters; and in that event you will leave small detachments at or in advance of Fayetteville to scout in North Alabama and bring information of any possible movement of the enemy in that direction. The general also desires that you send in a field return of your command, and also a statement of any companies on conscript service or newly organized in that part of Alabama, and at what they are to be found.

Any unattached companies in your vicinity you will direct to join your command. The accompanying dispatch for Brigadier-General Riddey you will please forward, with as little delay as possible, to his headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

