
FEBRUARY 15, 1864 - 11 p. m.

P. S.- The enemy, 4,000 strong, was near Pontotoc to-day moving on Okolona. Colonel Forrest dispatches 45 miles west from West Point on the 14th that he is on forced march to beat the enemy to West Point, then at Houston, about 3,000 strong. General Forrest dispatches from Grenada yesterday at 2 p. m. that he is falling back in the direction of West Point before the enemy, who are reported 15,000 strong. Under these circumstances I deem if of the greatest importance that you should join me at this post with all the force you can bring with the least possible delay.

R. M. H.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, Miss., February 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General RIDDEY,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am informed that it is expected that you will co-operate with Generals Forrest and Gholson and my own command against the enemy in his reported movements from the northwest. It is said that the enemy has moved in two columns, one 4,000 strong, from Memphis by Byhalia toward Grenada; the other, 5,000 strong from bolivar via New Alabany and Pontotoc toward Okolona. The facts are not thus far developed. In the event of the enemy's advance I am desirous to know whether you can co-operate with your forces, and in what strength, and at what point dispatches will reach you. There is some ammunition for you at this point. There is a strong probability that the enemy is now in possession of Meridian.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 15, 1864 - 11 p. m.

P. S.- The enemy, 4,000 strong, was near Pontotoc to-day moving on Okolona. Colonel Forrest dispatches 45 miles west from West Point on 14th that he is forced march to beat enemy to West Point, then at Houston, about 3,000 strong. General Forrest dispatches from Grenada yesterday at 2 p. m. that he is falling back in the direction of West Point before the enemy, who are reported 15,000 strong. It is of the greatest importance that you should join me or General Forrest to operate against the enemy with as little delay as possible. There can be no doubt of the authenticity of the above-stated information. I shall concentrate my shall force at West Point and this place. Please answer with as little delay as possible.

COLUMBUS, MISS., February 15, 1864 - 12 p. m.

Captain J. F. WHITE,

Cotton Gin:

CAPTAIN: Bring your company and all other unattached companies near you to this place immediately. The emergency is great. Move rapidly.

By order of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

