HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI STATE TROOPS,In the Field near Red Land, Pontotoc Co., February 15, 1864.

(Received 17th.)

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Columbus, Miss.:

GENERAL: From reliable information I learn that the enemy (2,500 strong) is this side of New Albany coming down the country; whether on this road or by Okolona I cannot tell. Their strength is reported at 2,500.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

S. J. GHOLSON,

Major-General.

OKOLONA, February 15, 1864.

General RUGGLES:

Captain Hancock, from Pontotoc this evening, reports enemy at Cherry Creek at 12 o'clock to-day; force estimated at 4,000. General Forrest said to be engaged by heavy force at Panola. Another column reported at mouth of Tippah River. General Forrest said to have engaged and drove the enemy back from Wyatt on Saturday. Hancock's information of the enemy at Cherry Creek I think very reliable.

E. W. UPSHAW,

Major, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 46. Eckford's, February 15, 1864.

The march to Lewis' Ferry will be resumed to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock. The command of Major-General French will move in advance, that of Major-General Loring in rear.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY WEST OF ALABAMA,

Numbers 1. February 15, 1864.

I. In compliance with orders from the lieutenant-general commanding, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all cavalry west of Alabama.

II. In assuming a command of so much importance and of so great extent, the major-general commanding cannot except success unless he receives the hearty co-operation of all officers and men in his department. All commanding officers will at once make every effort to place their commands in a state of efficiency, and division and brigade commanders will take immediate measures for collecting all stragglers and restoring them to their respective commands.

III. Division and brigade commanders will at once appoint suitable officers for the purpose of impressing, in accordance with the impressment act, as many animals as may be necessary for making their commands efficient. The animals thus impressed will be borne upon the respective regimental quartermasters' returns.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

