
[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Corn has been shipped to General Longstreet's chief quartermaster for more than a week past, but he has been informed that it will be impossible to continue to furnish by railway, as the corn comes from Georgia, and after making almost a circuit of the Confederacy, would return nearly to the borders of Georgia again.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Market, February 15, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Your telegram is received. Can't you cut off re-enforcements and supplies from Knoxville? There is no use in my attempting anything, if the enemy is free to throw what force he chooses up to Knoxville. His numbers are not strong and he is somewhat demoralized. If we will move at once we can break up both armies.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,New Market, February 15, 1864.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS,

Commanding Division:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you send out scouts in the morning toward Knoxville to find out what the enemy is doing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 15, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I cannot too highly commend to your favorable consideration the inclosed letter of Colonel George G. Dibrell, of the Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, he is an officer of high standing. Any statement of facts emanating from his is entitled to the highest credence. His statements as to roads and distance are known to be correct.

If the movement is made our army would enter Middle Tennessee midway between the fertile valleys of the Cumberland and Caney Fork Rivers. No portion of Middle Tennessee produces supplies more abundantly, No portion of the State is more to our cause.

If the movement is not regard as being too hazardous I hope it will be ordered or permitted.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. MURRAY,

Member of Congress elect from Forth District of Tennessee.

