
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

POST HEADQUARTERS,

Ashville, N. C., February 8, 1864.

Major ASHMORE,

Commanding Post, Greenville, S. C.:

MAJOR: I am just in receipt of a dispatch from Colonel Palmer, commanding Western District of North Carolina, stating that the enemy have left North Carolina and returned to East Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. McRAE,

Major, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. WESTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Asheville, February 12, 1864.

Major J. D. ASHMORE,

Commanding Post, Greenville, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have returned from Jackson County. The enemy had left before I reached there. As soon as I was informed of the departure of the enemy, I sent a courier to Major McRae, at this place, directing him to notify you at once of the fact.

The raiding force consisted of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, 600 strong, three pieces of artillery, and 40 or 50 tories as guides. At Deep Creek, in Jackson, they encountered some Indians and whites of Thomas' Legion. Result, between 20 and 30 Indians and whites captured by the enemy, and 2 indians killed. Loss on the part of the enemy (as reported by Colonel Thomas), 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 6 men killed and 1 prisoner. The wounded were hauled off.

Immediately after the skirmish the enemy retired, either deterred from advancing farther by the resistance offered or the fear that Longstreet's cavalry, who were advancing toward Blount County, Tenn., would cut off their retreat.

I shall endeavor to take steps to prevent the enemy from again entering Western North Carolina, but should Longstreet from any cause withdraw his cavalry from Sevier County, then there may be danger of the enemy getting into Cherokee or Macon, and thence into your State. We should co-operate in our efforts to prevent such a raid.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[Numbers 26.] - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fifth Regiments of Tennessee at Mobile.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America,

That the thanks of Congress are due to the officers and men of the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fifth Regiments of Tennessee Volunteers for the promptness and patriotism they have displayed in unanimously re-enlisting for the war "under such regulations as Congress may prescribe."

Approved February 15, 1864.

