
to concentrate suddenly, our heavy works on the railroad would be left exposed, unguarded, and no doubt would be destroyed.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-General Crook's division of cavalry returned to-day from Huntsville. Some seven regiments re-enlisted and went home, and two went to West Tennessee with General Smith.

G. M. DODGE.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 12, 1864.

(Via Cairo, 14th. Received 4.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I think by the 24th I can make up a force of 20,000 men to strike Meridian, and it may be Selma. Infantry will move via Vicksburg, Jackson, and Brandon; cavalry down the Mobile and Ohio Road from La Grange, they meeting about Chucky River. If you think we hazard too much you will have time to notify me by telegraph. I shall aim to reach Meridian by February 8, at the furthest. The attention of hat enemy in front of Chattanooga should be occupied by a seeming move toward Rome by Thomas and Logan.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

(Same to Grant.)

GAYOSO [HOUSE], January 12, 1864.

DEAR HURLBUT: Yesterday I was husky; to-day I am dumb; a cold house has silenced me. I wanted to come to your house to-day to see Mrs. Hurlbut. I find no boat in port for Vicksburg, and will go to-morrow about 4 p.m. for Vicksburg, touching at Helena and Skipwith's to see Generals Buford and Hawkins. I can take down any order for the former. I can go down and back in a week, and by that time you will have matters in fair progress. We ought to be off by the 24th at furthest, but better 22nd. I think Tuttle's division should be two brigades. I am sorry Veatch is sick. If I do not come up early to your office to-morrow send me a minute of your proposed command, that I may show it to McPherson.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 12, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: I arrived at Corinth on the 9th instant with five regiments of cavalry and one of mounted infantry, numbering in all about 2,500 men for duty. Notwithstanding the severe weather we made creditable marches and brought our stock through in good order. On the way we took up about 300 horses and mules, 33 armes guerrillas,

