
[Numbers 27.] - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the soldiers from the State of Alabama who have re-enlisted for the war.

Whereas, in addition to the various brigades and regiments of veteran troops from the State of Alabama to whom Congress has heretofore given evidence of grateful appreciation by vote of thanks for re-enlisting for the war, other brigades and regiment are nobly coming to the rescue of their imperiled country by such re-enlistment, thus furnishing evidence that the citizen soldierly from that State have determined never to abandon the struggle in which we are engaged until our independence shall have been achieved: Therefore,

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, alike to the gallant soldierly from the State of Alabama, who, in the first instance, enlisted for the war, and for those who, notwithstanding the toils and hardship of many a weary march and perils of many a hard-fought battle, have voluntarily come forward and offered their labors and lives.

Resolved, That such noble examples of heroism and self-sacrifice will ever be remembered by a grateful country, and should stimulate all those who remain at home to redouble their exertions to provide, not only for the comfort and efficiency of those patriotic warriors, but for their families and loved ones whom they have left behind.

Approved February 15, 1864.

[Numbers 30.] - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the troops re-enlisting for the war from the State of Georgia.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of the Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to the troops in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States from the State of Georgia, who have so promptly and so gallantly re-enlisted for the war.

SEC. 2. That the action of those who, from the beginning, have stood in the front of danger and endured every hardship, in thus so cheerfully resolving to remain the voluntary bulwark of our country's defense, is commended by the Congress to all the people of the Confederate States as an example worthy of patriotic emulation, and should be accepted by every one as a signal for renewed devotion to the cause and for increased and universal energy in the prosecution of a struggle on the issue of which depends not only Confederate and State independence, but the very existence of constitutional government in America.

Approved February 15, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,New Market, February 16, 1864.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding Western Dist. North Carolina, Asheville, N. C.:

Yours of the 11th has been received. In reply, the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to operate with your cavalry on the flank of the enemy, while our cavalry under General Martin is in Sevier.

