
You will not be needed in that neighborhood, but can do us much good by stirring the enemy upon the flank.

Colonel Folk has no doubt joined General Wheeler before this, and ins beyond our control.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Dalton, Ga., February 16, 1864.

Corps commanders will use every exertion to secure the lead expended by the infantry in target firing. By placing the target against an embankment nearly all the lead can be recovered. The lead so collected will be sent to the Atlanta arsenal.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

I hope you will be able to delay the enemy so much that he will consume his supplies, and press him so closely that he cannot forage to replenish them in the unproductive regions through which he must pass before reaching Mobile. Beware lest his movement in that direction be a feint and his real purpose be to move eastward, for reasons which you will readily anticipate. Perhaps Governor Watts can aid you with the militia force.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DEMOPOLIS, February 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

President's dispatch of 13th forwarded to General Polk, at Lewis' Ferry, on Tombigbee River, 18 miles south of this place, where he is crossing. Loring's and French's divisions, Quarles', Baldwin's, and McNair's brigades, and 1,200 exchanged men from Enterprise sent to Mobile. Colonel Lockett reports heavy firing at Meridian on the 14th. Supposed Lee was attempting to check the enemy. General Forrest dispatches from Grenada the 14th that General Smith, with 10,000 mounted infantry and cavalry and thirty-one pieces of artillery, passed Holly Springs in the direction of New Albany on the 12th. Forrest is moving with his main force rapidly to West Point. The stores accumulated here are being sent eastward. The arsenal here removed to Columbus, Ga.

JNO. H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

DALTON, February 16, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond:

Your dispatch* of to-day received. General Polk has about 8,000 infantry. Sherman's infantry is estimated at 35,000. If I detached

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

