
Springs. He is concentrating everything at West Point to meet them. I wish you to keep in position to meet them from above. Put yourself in communication with Forrest at once. Tell him your position. I will move early to-morrow morning with Ferguson, and I hope with Adams, to join you, via Panola and Scooba. Send frequent dispatches to me, and get Ross with you at once and send his train eastward, except such wagons as are necessary for ordnance, cooking utensils, and a few commissary wagons.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

I desire that you will not move too rapidly northward, in order to enable me to join you.

S. D. L.
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, Ala., February 17, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General S. D. LEE, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding is in receipt of your dispatch of yesterday (9.30) giving information as to the movements of the enemy and your own disposition. The general has established his headquarters for the present at this point. The troops and trains are all on this side of the river. They will rest to-day and move to Demopolis to-morrow. Two engines will be left on west bank of the river for your use. The general suggests that you establish a line of couriers to Cuba Station or some other convenient point from which you can communicate with him readily by wire. Dispatches were sent you last night from General Forrest as to his movements, and you were requested to co-operate with him.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., February 17, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-Colonel POLK, Demopolis (care Major Paxton):

One column of enemy, 4,000 strong, reported near Pontotoc moving east. Generals Chalmers, Gholson, and Forrest observing movement. I am concentrating my men at West Point as fast as possible to co-operate against this column, or with General Forrest against that from Memphis, as may be expedient. The condition of things is apparently brightening.

DANL. RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

WEST POINT, February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES:

General Chalmers says enemy passed through Pontotoc yesterday, 4,000 strong, and went toward Okolona. General Chalmers with one brigade is at Houston or Buena Vista. My brigade is here. I look for General Forrest to-day with two brigades from Grenada.

J. E. FORREST,

Colonel, Commanding.

