
recruiting. I hope you have received sufficient shoes. I relinquished for a time all that could be procured, that you might be provided. I am very glad that your operations so far have been attended with success. Could your cavalry have made the movements designed, the enemy would have been seriously injured. I see that the railroad between Knoxville and Chattanooga is opened. This will give the road great advantages, which I hope in some way you will be able to counteract. Could not project a movement in connection with General Johnston to drive him from Tennessee?

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,February 17, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

Can you prevent re-enforcements coming up from Chattanooga to Knoxville if I move against Knoxville?

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,New Market, February 17, 1864.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS, Commanding Division:

Yours of to-day is received. Alexander's battalion of artillery has been ordered down to you in the morning. You had better put the long-range battery you have with you in position on this side of the river early to-morrow morning; also have one or two of Alexander's batteries at the river. If the enemy makes a strong advance you will have to recross your infantry at the Plains.

Your cavalry on the other side can pass up the river and unite with the cavalry of Rucker's Legion, above here, and get out of the way of the enemy if he proves too strong. Your cavalry should be well out on the other side, so as to keep your infantry well advised of any move, and the extent of it. Your command should be kept ready to move down to cover the recrossing if it should become necessary. If possible you will get ropes for your ferry-boats and have trestles or other arrangements to complete a foot-bridge.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,New Market, February 17, 1864.

Brigadier General B. R. JOHNSON, Commanding Division:

Yours of February 16 has been received. The lieutenant-general commanding directs you to keep your troops in readiness to move as soon as you receive orders. Have a close lookout kept on what is doing in Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

