
MOBILE, February 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

This, just received from my inspector-general, does not indicate immediate movement to the Gulf:

SHUBUTA, February 18, 1864.

Colonel G. G. GARNER:

Enemy left Quitman last evening about sunset, taking road for Enterprise. They were about 1,000 strong, had two pieces of artillery, and were commanded by General Gresham. They burned the court-house, depot, government corn and cotton, hospital, and two mills, and the railroads bridge. Their main object was to destroy the bridge. I am just in from Quitman and return to Mobile to-night.

EDWD. H. CUMMINS.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, February 18, 1864.

General RUGGLES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Columbus:

GENERAL: If the information we have received is true, it is useless to attempt the defense of this position. I shall therefore withdraw my baggage train and its guard.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

MOBILE, February 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

I think Sherman is at or about Meridian. He is not moving down this way in force. He ought not to get away. The storm has prevented Farragut from doing anything for two days past. I think there is no great force coming here from New Orleans. I cannot hear of any. I sent Cummins up Mobile and Ohio Railroad yesterday, and a brigade as far as Bucatunna and another to follow to-day, but am satisfied there is no reason to expect a formidable movement from that direction.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEMOPOLIS, February 18, 1864.

General LEE,

Cuba Station:

As I wish to have the use of the Tombigbee River as long as possible, it is important for me to know whether there is any movement upon it from railroad by the enemy. You will therefore provide scouts from the railroad as low down as Shubuta. Boats are constantly passing with which these scouts can communicate. They may communicate also by wire from Cuba Station, on the Southern road, and the nearest telegraph station on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, by way of Mobile.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

