
950 around Savannah. Remainder in or en route for Florida to meet serious movements of enemy toward interior with heave force of infantry, artillery, and mounted infantry, reported to-day 10,000 strong, threatening to destroy the vitally valuable supplies of that State, and to meet which I am concentrating there every man that can be spared without imminent risk for this State or Georgia, and propose to go there in person at an early moment. We must do this or lose the State, the value of which the enemy appear now to perceive. I am hopeful of early and signal results in time to be free to give opportune aid elsewhere.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA.,

February 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

Your dispatch of yesterday,* via New Market, received. In answer, I am directed by the Department to state that however desirable on its part your requisitions cannot be filled.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DALTON, February 19, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &amp;c., Morristown, Tenn.:

Reliable citizen reports eight trains loaded with troops went up from Chattanooga toward Loudon on night of 17th instant.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, February 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &c., Morristown, Tenn.:

Two ladies who left Chattanooga 17th instant state that General Thomas and General Palmer, probably accompanied by General Davis, went to Knoxville last Saturday, leaving General Whipple in command at Chattanooga. Could not learn whether they took troops with them. Impression was that General Thomas intended to fight Longstreet and then move upon Dalton. Enemy said to have lost many horses and mules from starvation. Reported that large numbers of cavalry and artillery horses are in pasture in Kentucky, to be brought forward early in spring. General Foster reported on good authority to have dismounted a good portion of his cavalry and sent horses to Kentucky.

Scouts who entered Cleveland report General Stanley's headquarters 5 miles from Cleveland. Has with him two brigades commanded by colonels. At Tibba [?] Gap are three brigades commanded by Colonels Waters, Moore, and Grose, Colonel Waters commanding all.

---------------

*See of 17th, p. 759.

---------------

