
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 25. Dalton, February 19, 1864.

The official position of the general commanding the army will be marked in camps, on the march, or in the field, by the battle-flag of the Virginia army. Other general officers as follows:

Hardee's Corps: Corps commander's flag, three horizontal bars, blue, white, and blue; division commander's flag, two horizontal bars, white above blue; brigadier's flag, blue.

Hindman's Corps: Corps commander's flag, three horizontal bars, red, white, and red; division commander's flag, two horizontal bars, white above red; brigadier's flag, red.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Dalton, Ga., February 19, 1864.

The signal corps is detached from the division to which they belong, and will be placed under the orders of the chief signal officer at army headquarters.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, February 20, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. If Beauregard's first troops reach Atlanta before Hardee's last division leaves here, would it not be well to exchange, letting Hardee's remain here and an equal number of Beauregard's go to General Polk. Five thousand have gotten off.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, February 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Governor Brown thinks that the amount of rolling-stock on the road between Atlanta and Dalton is insufficient; he has therefore requested me to apply to President to order the restoration to that road of the engineers and cars taken from it by officers of the Confederate Government.

I respectfully transmit his application.*

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Inquire of General Johnston as to the fact, when, where, and by whom the rolling-stock was taken, the amount, and the authority under which it was done; if it be known what became of it let that fact also be communicated.

J. D.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

