
[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg.

Will your please consider the within proposition and give me your views?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, March 30, 1864.

The union of skeleton organizations, keeping State troops together, has been my policy and action, but under the rule of the Department, to keep up regimental organization with a full complement of officers when the rank and file is reduced to a mere squad, it is attended with serious objections and many difficulties. It is better, however, than to allow the continuance of so many regiments in name without men. I do not see how the proposed union of two brigades could well be made at this time, though there is ample room in the depleted Texas and Arkansas organizations, in Army of Tennessee, to absorb all of Gregg's and thus increase the efficiency of both. this action would render one of the present brigadiers and supernumerary.

I would prefer a permanent consolidation and discharge of all supernumerary officers, selecting the best to be retained.

This application comes in the form to which I have heretofore expressed an emphatic objection, and reaches the Department in violation of orders and regulations.

Respectfully returned.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 31, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The views expressed by General Bragg are concurred in by the Adjutant and Inspector General.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

RUSSELLVILLE, TENN.,

February 10, 1864.

MY DEAR GRAHAM: I received your note of the 1st instant to-day; glad to get the papers inclosed. I am here now on that court-martial, and probably will not be relieved from it for two or three weeks. I am glad you have prepared the application for my transfer to Texas. Very much in hopes you will succeed.

The brigade to which I have been assigned here has less than 500 muskets. The division has five brigades. If this small squad of 500 men could bee sent down to the Army of Tennessee, and the two Texas brigades put together, it would be much better, I think. If this were done, the old regiments here of about 100 men

