
well mounted, armed, and equipped, with four days' rations and forage in wagon, to report to headquarters Major-General Hurlbut promptly at 8.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, January 13.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, January 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Corinth:

You will receive important orders to-day. Set the movement going before you come in.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 12, 1864.

[Colonel A. G. BRACKETT?]:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will fit your whole command for active service as speedily as possible. Colonel Morgan has been ordered to turn over to your quartermaster the horses and mules upon which a portion of his command are now mounted; also, some pontoons now in his possession. You will make immediate requisition for any ordnance stores you may need upon Lieutenant J. M. Caldwell, acting ordnance officer, at these headquarters. We are still unable to supply sufficient horses to mount your command. Keep your patrols moving south and guard well the line of the Coldwater.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., January 12, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army and Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: No telegram of the 9th December from the Secretary of War, calling for report of veterans mustered, has been received at these headquarters.

I have twenty-four regiments of veterans, over three-fourths of each regiment having enrolled themselves, and they are being mustered in as fast as rolls can be procured. Fiver regiments are already mustered.

I am satisfied that I will have twenty-six or twenty-eight regiments in my command of veterans. All of the regiments that have served two years and upwards will re-enlist, with two or three exceptions.

The muster-in rolls forwarded from the Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, during the last three months, on requisitions from these headquarters, have never been received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

