
AT JAMES EVANS' PLACE,

TWO AND A HALF MILES NORTH OF WEST POINT,

[February 21, 1864.]

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS:

I find that the enemy has taken the Houston road to Winston's farm. I think they are badly scared. I wish you to move everything south of Line Creek and picket the fords. I will follow on until I can ascertain the route they have taken. If they should cross the creek and attempt to move west of Starkville, General Lee and yourself will be in position to follow or cut them off. If they fall back toward Pontotoc I will follow on as long as I think I can do any good. Send the 2,000 and move as rapidly as possible with the light artillery. I ordered Colonel Neely with his force this morning to Tibbee Station. Recall him at once and Bell's brigade, provided you find the enemy moving west. Direct General Ruggles to keep scouts out in direction of Decatur, Ala.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

LAUDERDALE SPRINGS, MISS.,

February 21, 1864.

Captain G. W. BATES,

Commanding Post:

I arrived at this place at 4 p. m. The enemy reported to be pulling back to Marion. I shall press their lines close and try to find out their movements.

H. GUIBOR,

Captain.

DEMOPOLIS, February 21, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL TATE:

I am in want of some slave labor and desire to obtain it in the easiest manner possible. Your residence here has enabled you to know the parties who could furnish it. Accepting your offer of service in any department, you are hereby requested to procure for me as promptly as possible the following number of negro laborers, to report to the officers named at the point opposite their names, viz: 100 at Demopolis, Captain Porter in charge; 100 at Bluff Port, Lieutenant O'Hea in charge; 100 at Jones' Bluff, Lieutenant Vernon in charge; 100 at Hays' Ferry, Lieutenant Donellan in charge; 100 at Moscow, Lieutenant Vinet in charge.

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, February 21, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

I am ordered to send you the main portion of the cavalry that I have. This makes it necessary that I should withdraw my forces. As I am now in the immediate presence of the enemy, I cannot dispense with cavalry. As soon as I can get a little halt I will send the cavalry as the President has ordered.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.

