
tucky. I have written General Lee upon this subject, and hope that he may be able to aid us in furnishing a large number of horses and mules. I believe that about a third of the men can furnish their own horses or mules. I have 5,000 mules. I propose to take half of these, using wagons only for ammunition, and hoping to capture enough in Kentucky for our supply trains. If General Lee can let me have 3,000 or 4,000, General Beauregard 2,000 or 3,000, and General Johnston 1,000 or 2,000, I shall be able to go into Kentucky and remain. We will require many horse and mule shoes, many saddles and bridles and spurs, and a large depot of corn at Abingdon or bristol to start upon.

Other movements of cavalry of General Forrest and General Wheeler should follow mine, so as to cut the enemy's communication in rear of Chattanooga and occupy the cavalry of that army whilst I am getting some few supplies in Kentucky on my arrival there. Then the cavalry in Western Virginia should co-operate in the general move. I have merely mentioned the general points of the grand move.

I take the liberty of sending this directly to you, in order that it may be as secret as possible. If you think well of the proposition, please take great pains not to let it go beyond the President and yourself, as it will be but a partial success if the enemy ever gets an intimation of it.

I remain, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S.- If the views are adopted we should go to work with great energy immediately. Please telegraph me your approval or disapproval, that I may know whether to go to work at the plans.

J. L.

DALTON, February 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

New Market, Tenn.:

Our scouts report the main force of the enemy in your front at Lenoir's Station.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, February 22, 1864.

General P. R. CLEBURNE, Tunnel Hill:

Send 2,500 troops to-morrow. The cars will leave at 8 a. m. It is necessary the troops should be here by 4 o'clock in the morning.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, February 22, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Dalton, Ga.:

I can furnish General Hardee with both field transportation and artillery.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

(Similar to President Davis.)

