
hours since, which you will promptly execute. During the general's temporary absence command the troops which can be assembled in the vicinity of Cotton Gin Port belonging to the command. You will communicate to these headquarters, as well as to General Forrest, all important matters connected with movements of the enemy. You will order Colonel Isham Harrison's regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Sykes' detachment, Colonel Morton's battalion, Lieutenant Haller's section of Rice's artillery to proceed immediately to Cotton Gin Port, or such other point for the defense of the Tombigbee in that vicinity as may become necessary. It is to be remarked that orders have been sent to the respective commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, February 23, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry, in the Field:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say to you that he is in receipt of your communication informing him of the retreat of the enemy, probably with the view of falling back on Memphis, and that he desires you to press him closely and to continue to harass him. The general also desires me to say to you that you will issue the necessary instructions to General Forrest to enable him to carry out this object. The general desires to be kept constantly advised of your own and the enemy's movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, February 23, 1864.

Major-General LEE,

In the Field:

GENERAL: Your dispatches from Line Creek of 4 p. m. yesterday are received. I regret that the enemy has escaped you. If he has, you will of course pursue him and harass him-I mean his cavalry. If you shall have dispersed his cavalry you will then attack and harass his infantry so long as it continues its march. I shall move my infantry forward on the line pursued by the enemy as far as it may be expedient, and if it be possible for you to hold him until I can get up my re-enforcements I desire you to do so.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, Miss., February 23, 1864-6 a. m.

Major J. O. BANKS,

Commanding Post:

MAJOR: You will order Captain Rogers to move with his cavalry company immediately from this point to Cotton Gin Port, and then to hold the east bank of the Tombigbee River and prevent the enemy from crossing over. You will also direct him to hold under obser-

