
vation all ferries and fords between that point and Aberdeen, and retain the ferry-boats on the east bank of the river and south, or destroy them, so as to prevent the enemy from crossing, if found necessary to do so. The greatest promptitude is necessary in this march (made light, without baggage) and the execution of these orders. He will maintain his position until further orders, and on the arrival of a senior officer with troops will report to him for duty in the execution of these orders, the receipt whereof will be promptly acknowledged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 54. Demopolis, Ala., February 23, 1864.

I. Colonel A. P. Thompson will proceed with the Third, Seventh, and Eighth Kentucky Regiments to Gainesville by steamer so soon as transportation can be furnished. He will mount them and report to Major-General Forrest.

* * * * *

IX. Major General W. W. Loging will assume command of the column composed of Loring's and French's divisions, and move with it be easy marches via Livingston to Lauderdale, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and there await orders.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA.,

February 23, 1864.

General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Detail at once from your command the number of men required by Admiral Buchanan to man his vessel. He complains of the failure to furnish him men. Notify him the men are ready and obtain his acknowledgment.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, February 23, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Your dispatch of the 20th, respecting the rolling-stock of the road between Atlanta and Dalton, has been before the President, and I am instructed to inquire of you as to the fact when, where, and by whom the rolling-stock was taken, the amount, and the authority under which it was done, and if known to you, what became of it.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

