SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 1a. Camp Nelson, January 1, 1864.

I. Brigadier General S. S. Fry, U. S. Volunteers, is ordered to assume command of the following troops and place them in marching condition and march with them to Knoxville, East Tenn., and report to Major General J. G. Foster, commanding Army of the Ohio, to wit:

Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Titus; Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, Colonel Miller; Tenth Michigan Cavalry Volunteers, Colonel Foote; six companies First Ohio Heavy Artillery, Major Matthews; First East Tennessee Heavy Artillery, Colonel Crawford; Twenty-second Indiana Battery, Captain Denning.

II. Brigadier-General Fry is ordered to hasten the equipment and preparation of these forces for the march and move them at the earliest practicable moment, and report to Major-General Foster at Knoxville, Tenn., with his command, at the earliest date. General Fry will march with as many day's rations as can be carried, not less than ten days, and with full supply of ammunition.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. T. Boyle:

A. C. SEMPLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,January 2, 18649 a.m.

General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

Inclosed I send you a dispatch received last night.

I telegraphed that it would take three days to cross Hascall's division, but that Manson's could be moved at once to Dandridge, but I have received no reply. This telegram seems to indicate that General Hascall's division should go. I wish you to order the movement. I don't see how we can improve the crossing, and ferrying on this frail boat is a slow operation.

Let a regiment at a time be crossed and encamped until the division is over.

Probably General Hascall can make use of the pontoons in crossing his command.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

KNOXVILLE, January 1, 1864.

General PARKE:

General Sturgis desires that a division may be sent to Dandridge, with a good officer like General Hascall in command to intrench itself there. Please to send it at once. I think also of sending the pontoon bridge there as soon as rope for rock lashings and cables can be obtained. Instruct the general in command to notify you if the rope can be obtained at Dandridge. We come up to-morrow morning.

JNO. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

