
and rank dated back to his first appointment, and he be given the command. If it is in contemplation to give General Smith a higher command, either of the officers named or General Parke will suit me.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 13, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

I have just received your telegram, recommending the appointment of Brigadier General W. F. Smith to a major-generally. Your former recommendation was submitted to the Secretary of War, and I think the appointment will be made as soon as there is a cavalry. Not only is there no vacancy now, but by some error more than the number authorized by law were made last summer, and some major-generals now in service must be dropped. Their names cannot be sent to the Senate.

I hope it may not be necessary to relieve General Foster, as he is a good officer and a line man. There are some doubts about General Schofield's confirmation. If ordered to your command I think you will find him an able officer for any position. No change of commands will probably be made till the Senate acts upon his case.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 8th instant is before me. From the condition of our supplies here I do not know how you can be supplied from this place with anything like half rations. It takes all the means we have to supply the troops here. The railroad management is entirely unequal to the emergency, and as that management is not under my control, I cannot say how we shall succeed after the road is opened to this point. All I can do is to promise you all the aid I can give after supplying our absolute necessities here. My animals are dying from starvation, too. And seeing this inevitable state of affairs, I have concluded to starve with them until we can better their condition as well as our own. My only hope is that we can staff it longer than the enemy.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Jim Evans' Ford, January 13, 1864.

Lieutenant SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Cavalry Corps:

LIEUTENANT: The enemy are foraging extensively on this side of the river with wagons, keeping close to the shore up in the Dutch

