
DALTON, February 26, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Richmond:

I respectfully propose that Major General Patton Anderson retain the command of his division, which he desires,a nd Major-General Bate be assigned to command in Florida.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, February 26, 1864.

President DAVIS,Richmond, Va.:

From your dispatch of the 24th, I fear that the difficulty of forage cannot be overcome. If this is hte case, my command had better join Johnston, that we may cut the railroad and river between Knoxville and Chattanooga, and starve hte Yankees out. There is nothing between Chattanooga and this place that will subsist any force. Our cavalry can hold this line, as the enemy can only make raids here until he can use the railroad this side of Knoxville.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, February 26, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHSNTON,Dalton, Ga.:

Your telegram received. If you have had any success, advance troops, threatening the most assailable flank, and push forward. The enemy is not prepared to fight, and energy against his weak flank, if he has one, will drive him to his fortifications. If he has no weak flank, make a show of force in his rear and you will drive him in, and I can then reinvest Knoxville, or, if you would prefer, join you or otherwise. The force here cannot well quit Knoxville, even for a day, and it is too much demoralized to accomplish anything outside hte breastworks. I have ordered Martin's division of cavalry back to you. Can't your order the stragglers of the other division up to me?

J./ LONGSTREET,,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 17. Midway, Tenn., February 26, 1864.

The transportation of hte army in East Tennessee will be reduced tot he following basis, viz:

Army headquarters, one 6-mule wagon.

Quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments of army headquarters, one 6-mule wagon.

Division headquarters, one 6-mule wagon.

Quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments of division headquarters, one 6-mule wagon.

