
ure, and at the same time submit another mode by which all that is proposed is accomplished without inconvenience, the change should not be an obstacle. I send this communication by Captain Hough, of the inspector-general's department, who will more fully explain the damaging operation of the arrangement complained of . I respectfully and earnestly request that it may be changed.

Your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, February 29, 1864.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

If General Taylor can be spared for the duty to which I designed assigning him (with the cavalry in East Louisiana) prior to the late movements, you will order him to report to me at this place without delay.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbus, February 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

GENERAL: General Forrest left yesterday afternoon for Demopolis. He directed me to say to you that he desired all the teams to be in as good order as possible, the weak and broken-down mules to be exchanged for other in good condition; that you would send all the surplus ammunition, if any, together with such as may not be of the right kind, to this point; also, that you will exchange, all the muskets as far as it can be done for others guns of caliber. 54, placing all (if it can be done) Enfield rifles in one regiment. You will order all the gunsmiths and tools, in charge of an ordnance sergeant, to this point to report ot General Ruggles' chief of ordnance, who will procure suitable buildings and put them to work. The general commanding directs that you will endeavor to get everything that may be required and have the command in readiness to move, as he has no doubt we will move in a very short time.

Respectfully,J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

60. Demopolis, Ala., February 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

VI. The Twenty-seventh and Fifty-fourth Alabama Regiments are temporarily detached from Buford's brigade. Commanding officers of these regiments are ordered to proceed with their commands to Selma, Ala., and report to Major General J. M. Withers.

VII. The commanding officer First Mississippi infantry is ordered to report with his regiment as infantry without delay to Major General W. W. Loring for assignment to Featherston's brigade.

