
VIII. Colonel Richard Harrison, Forty-third Mississippi Regiment, is ordered to report with his regiment as infantry without delay to Major General W. W. Loring for assignment to Featherston's brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis:

Unless you can make use of General Ruggles in your command I know of no assignment that can be made of him here; many general officers are off duty waiting assignments, but there are no places for them.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OFFICE INSPECTOR OF FIELD TRANSPORTATION, Dalton, Ga., February 29, 1864.

Major NORMAN W. SMITH,

Chief Inspector, Augusta, Ga.:

MAJOR: The army is again in its original position, but how long it will stay so we do not prophesy. The reduction of transportation is made in the old and worn-out wagons; all that can possibly be used are thrown with supply train for the army. The reduction is made from the troops, not from the supply trains. The transportation for the army is still too small in quantity fort he army to move on the offensive. I will be able to make the report for the artillery this week. my report for the month of January would have been made but for the unexpected advance of the enemy. The horses for artillery, as many of the guns are drawn by 5. Many mules are used in the teams, which render the efficiency of the battery in a manner ineffective. Two hundred more horses cannot be supplied. Six hundred and twenty mules will required for the pontoon train. Colonel McMicken horses to the army great cares hold be taken, guarding against disease. Artillery horses in future will be condemned by me; my certificate will accompany all condemnations in future. I shall work to the extent of my ability for you and this army. The supply trains of the army, as far as I have seen, are in fine condition, and will do fine work. Send me a good clerk, if you can get me one. I will write you more fully in a day or two.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. CHAFFIE,

Major and Inspector, Army of Tennessee.

52 R R-VOL XXXII, PT II

