
thoroughly with all the country, trails, &amp;c., in the vicinity of Dandridge below and above to the mouth of the Chucky.

I have arranged to have here at daylight to-morrow the latest information from up the French Broad, as far as mouth of Chucky on this side.

Please send me some of the President's proclamations; the rebel pickets at Swann's Island are asking for them.

I am, lieutenant, yours, very respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, January 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

In accordance with instructions just received from Major-General Foster, General Parke directs that you move your corps to the vicinity of Dandridge, leaving one brigade at Mossy Creek. The general commanding suggests that you allow the brigade now at Mossy Creek to remain there.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,January 13, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that, in accordance with instructions from Major-General Foster for the disposition of this command, you will move your entire command (except a sufficient force to furnish Colonel Chandler the necessary details for completing the work on the railroad bridge at this place) to the vicinity of Dandridge on the French Broad, where you will take such position as you can best subsist your men and animals and maintain your communication with this place. You will at once construct such ferries for crossing the French Broad as you may need. You will also collect all possible subsistence and forage more than for need of your own command, this excess of supplies to be sent in boats to Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blain's Cross-Roads, Tenn., January 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions just received from headquarters Forces in the Field, the general commanding directs

