
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAV. DIVISION, Garvin's Ferry, miss., January 1, 1864.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,Assistant Adjutant-general:

CAPTAIN: I reported the condition of the road from Yazoo to Sunflower in a previous communication. I found them much worse than represented. Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan pronounced them impracticable for his train before starting through the mud. I insisted upon a desperate effort and succeed in getting my train to this place, but have worked three days and got Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan's train only 6 miles, and have them stuck hard na fast at this time, before, too, they reached the worst part of the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan has decided to turn back, as there is 8 miles of road between this place and Bogue Phalia, much worse than the road I have passed over. I regret very much the necessity of abandoning the enterprise, as I have had two officers with me from Colonel Harrison's forces on the opposite side [of] Mississippi River to arrange time and place of crossing.

I impressed yesterday all the ox teams in this vicinity, and tried to get the train to this place with them, bunt could not succeed. I cut a new road, but found the old trace much firmer and better than a new road. The whole swamp is perfectly boggy, and at this time the ground is covered with snow and frozen just hard enough to cut and bruise the legs of the animals as they break through. I got the artillery through with but very little difficulty; broke a great many traces, but did not stall. I will leave my train here and go on the river for a few days and attempt the capture of transports, &amp;c. From Bogue Phalia to Mississippi River the road is good. I will inform Colonel Harrison at once that Colonel D. cannot reach the river with his train.

Respectfully, &c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAV. DIVISION, Garvin's Ferry, Miss., January 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUNCAN,

Commanding Ordnance Train:

COLONEL: Colonel Ross directs me to say that he has thins morning ordered a company back to assist in bringing up your train. He has

