
also sent a staff officer to see how it is progressing. Colonel Ross is informed that no responsible officer is giving much attention to the train, and directs met o say that while his orders only require him to escort the train to the river he is nevertheless willing and anxious to render all the assistance in his power to facilitate its movements. He thinks it of the utmost importance that the train be urged forward with the greatest rapidity and crossed before the enemy has time to adopt measures to prevent it. He desires, therefore, that you will give the matter your closest attention.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.,1. Near Benton, Miss., January 20, 1864.

I. The different regiments of this brigade being encamped apart, each will be held strictly to account for all depredations and misdemeanors near its encampment.

II. Regimental commanders will each keep a patrol, consisting of a non-commissioned officer and 4 men, scouting through the country, night and day, with instructions to suppress all depredations and arrest all men found outside their camp limits without a pass approved by proper authority.

III. Regimental commanders are authorized to grant passes to go any distance under 4 miles for a period not exceeding one day. Applications to go more than 4 miles from the encampment must be approved at brigade headquarters.

IV. All applications to be approved by the brigade commander must be forwarded from regimental headquarters by a courier and not by the applicants themselves.

V. Certificates of the publication of all orders tot he troops three times, as required by general orders, must be promptly forwarded, properly folded and indorsed, as other official papers.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Benton, Miss., January 23, 1864.

Captain G. MOORMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: On the 15th instant a forage train, with Federal infantry regiment as escort, came ashore at Bolivar Landing. Captain Evans, with 12 scouts form this brigade, attacked hte train a short distance in rear of the escort and succeeded in capturing and bringing off 7 prisoners and 7 horses and mules. Two boats with troops passed up on 15th and one passed down 17th. These troops are no doubt going and returning from furloughs. Nothing indicates that troops being sent down the river to re-enforce points below.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

