
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.,

2. Near Benton, Miss., January 23, 1864.

I. Information having reached these headquarters that some of the men of this brigade have thrown away or disposed of their arms, it is hereby made the duty of the regimental commanders to at once inspect their entire commands with the view of finding out such as have been guilty of this high misdemeanor, and each enlistee soldier of the brigade found without arms will be required to account for the last that were in his possession.

II. A report of all the names of all the unarmed enlisted men in each regiment, together with the written statement of their respective company commanders as to the disposition of the arms last furnished them, will be forwarded to these headquarters immediately after the inspection.

III. Regimental commanders are required to forward charges and specifications against each man who has lost, thrown away, or illegally disposed of nay arm belonging to the Government, or who fails to account satisfactorily for those heretofore furnished him.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Benton, Miss., January 24, 1864-3 o'clock.

Captain G. MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My scouts report two transports and one gun-boat loaded with troops at Satartia 12 o'clock to-day. Should they move on up river they will have time to reach Yazoo City to-night.

H. P. MABRY,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Benton, Miss., January 24, 1864-5 o'clock.

Captain MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Scouts report gun-boat (eight guns) 2 miles above Satartia 10 o'clock this morning. Cavalry and infantry in sight when he left. Just received order from General lee to appear in review at Vernor on 26th. Your order for change of camp received. Should movement of enemy not interfere, I will move brigade to Vernon for review, thence to Mechanicsburg.

H. P. MABRY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Benton, Miss., January 24, 1864-5 o'clock.

Major HOLT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Dispatch received. My scouts report gun-boat and transports loaded with troops at Satartia 10 o'clock this morning. Should enemy not interfere, I will be on review on 26th.

H. P. MABRY,Colonel, Commanding.

