HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp Spires, January 31, 1864-9 a. m.

Captain MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Before visiting Clinton I sent Captain Snodgrass and 30 men to capture the negro picket on Steele's bayou from Skipwith. The enemy had gone, leaving 4 negroes to picket near gun-boat. They were killed and 50-odd mules captured, nearly all branded U. S.; they are thin in order, but will be serviceable. Captain S. reports troops passing down daily; says they will have between 40,000 and 50,000 men in Vicksburg very soon, to advance on Jackson and other points. No news form scouts in front this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-general.

HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, February 1, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Captain MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: One of my scouts left Skipwith's Landing 10 a. m. Saturday; up to that time twenty-eight transports had passed down loaded with troops. On Friday and Friday night at least twenty transports went up the river empty, to all appearances. While being in the vicinity of the landing watching 400 of the making fleet that came and occupied the position of Osband's negro troops, Mr. Hampton, a relative of the aide-de-camp to General Johnston, came to the scouts and told them that troops were coming down the Arkansas and White Rivers to join in the contemplated expedition from Vicksburg.

Scouts think this information correct from the fact that the negro camps on the opposite side were transferred to this side, and about 1,000 or 1,500 negro women and children were brought to Carolina landing and formed camps. Mr. H. told them that these men at Skipwith's Landing were to remain there. Scouts from the front report Osband's negroes at Haynes' Bluff. I have sent men inside these lines to gain correct information of positions, &amp;c., of the force on clear Creek and vicinity. The Third Texas Cavalry re-enlisted to a man this evening; their term of original enlistment terminates in June or July next. The men of this regiment a short time since I think were a little dissatisfied and desired to reorganize or the transferred to Trans-Mississippi Department, but their action to-day shows their determination to do their duty as good and true soldiers, leaving to their superior officers the privilege of saying where their services to the South are most required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Spiere's Farm. February 2 1864-7 p. m.

Major-general LORING,

Commanding Infantry Corps, Canton, Miss.:

GENERAL: Eleven boats came up within 1 1\2 miles of Liverpool, where I had taken position; three gun-boats in advance; five large

