
side-wheel transports next, and those in rear were so far off I could not tell whether they were transports or gun-boats. The boats in advance kept beyond range of my artillery,firing occasional shots. The transports moved up and down the river all day between Satartia and Liverpool. About 3 p. m. an infantry regiment and squadron of cavalry marched from Satartia toward Liverpool, and when about 1 mile from the former place were met and fired upon by a squad of my cavalry. They turned back at one and were taken on board a transport, and at 4.30 p. m., the whole fleet moved down the river, excepting one gun-boat, which is now anchored at Satartia. I can come to no satisfactory conclusion as to the object of the expedition, as they made no attempt to procure forage within several miles of me and I am informed that it is very scarce below that distance.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy forwarded to Captain Moorman, assistant adjutant-general and Colonel Starke.)
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Liverpool, February 3, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General LORING,Commanding Infantry Corps, Canton:

GENERAL: The boats reported yesterday evening are again in sight, moving up from Satartia. I have moved out to a good position on the river and will await their coming within range of my artillery.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy forwarded to Captain Moorman, assistant adjutant-general.)
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Liverpool, February 3, 1864-10 a. m.

[Major-General LORING,Commanding Infantry, Corps, Canton:]

GENERAL: Engaged enemy's gun-boats at 9 a. m. Gun-boats held in check. One passed up before my artillery got in position. It is now in sight and returning. There are ten boats now in sight and others coming up. Enemy advancing on land. * * * [Balance of dispatch is destroyed.]

[L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.]

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Liverpool, Miss., February 3, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding Infantry Corps, canton:

GENERAL: The enemy are still checked at this point. They have landed three regiments infantry to drive us from the hills. Skir-

