
mishing very heavy. One gun-boat lying on the bend just above (the one mentioned in my former dispatch as having passed up this morning) and fires an occasional shot at my position. Two gun-boats lying in the river one-fourth mile below Liverpool. I have drawn off my artillery and am now fighting them with small-arms. Some transports just below the gun-boats, landing troops. I have sent the Third Texas to Mechanicsburg to guard the Ridge road. The enemy are reported on that road, but only a small body of cavalry.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy forwarded to Captain Moorman, assistant adjutant-general, and colonel Starke.)
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Liverpool, Miss., February 3, 1864-4 p. m.

Captain MOORMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Three regiments of Yankee infantry charged the Sixth and Ninth Regiments of my command, and were repulsed and driven back to their boats. I do not know whether they will attempt it again or not. I have ordered the First Texas Legion, which has been operating during the day on the left, to re-enforce the Sixth and Ninth Regiments. Colonel Mabry, with his regiment, Third Texas, is on the Mechanicsburg and Yazoo City road,a nd he reports the enemy in his front and at Mechanicsburg and Yazoo city road, and he reports the enemy in his front and at Mechanicsburg. The force has not been ascertained, but I will in a few hours know. The gun-boat and transports are still in the river, as reported in my last dispatch. Gunboats shelling us occasionally. I have ordered my train back on Benton road. I have kept General Loring informed and have sent copies of dispatches to him; also to Colonel Starke, commanding brigade.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-general.

HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Liverpool, [Miss.,] February 3, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding Infantry:

GENERAL: The enemy are still held in check at this place by my command; they are on e brigade strong in my front, and have made the second charge to drive us from the hill we have occupied to-day nd have been repulsed by the Sixth and Ninth Texas Regiments of my brigade, with six-shooters at 25 paces distance. They have advanced again but are coming up very cautiously, firing at long range, evidently intimidated. Enemy left many dead and wounded in our possession. The force of the enemy at Mechanicsburg reported by Colonel Mabry to be in considerable numbers, infantry

