
that you move your division from this place to vicinity of Dandridge, Tenn., starting early to-morrow morning. Upon your arrival at that place you will put your command in camp, and construct such ferries as may be necessary to cross the French Broad River, for the purpose of procuring commissary supplies and forage on the other side thereof.

The wagons, artillery, and horses of your command, save the horses of the general staff and field officers, will cross the Holston River at McKinney's Ferry, while the infantry and the horses above excepted will across on the railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. HAPPEL,

Commanding 10th Missouri and 56th Illinois Infantry Volunteers:

COLONEL: In compliance with the inclosed Special Orders, No. 11, paragraphs 5 and 6, headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, of date January 11, 1864, you will also have the railroad and telegraph line guarded and patrolled daily, from and including the covered bridge at Hurricane Creek to Brownsborough, and for 2 miles this side of Brownsborough. Any damage which may be done, either to the railroad or telegraph line assigned to you to guard, you will have repaired immediately. You will keep a sufficient quantity of wood prepared and on hand at the depot at Brownsborough for railroad purposes. You will also repair and keep in repair the water-tanks, if any, upon your part of the line.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 13, 1864.

Colonel A. G. BRACKETT,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade, Collierville:

You will keep your patrols well out south toward Coldwater. In case the road should be attacked, and communication with Memphis cut off, you will concentrate and attack the enemy vigorously wherever you may find him. Colonel Mizner, commanding the First Brigade, is at La Grange, and will be ordered to co-operate with you.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 13, 1864.

His Excellency THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky, Frankfort, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram, dated Frankfort, and have repeated my previous orders on

