SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.,2. Spires' Farm, Miss., February 3, 1864.

Because of the danger of their falling into the hands of the enemy, the brigade commissary is hereby authorized and directed to impress all beeves and hogs found in this section of country, leaving on each place a sufficiency for family support.

By order of Brigadier General L. S. ROSS:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PRIVATE.] HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV., Liverpool, Miss., February 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Clinton, Miss.:

GENERAL: From a confidential dispatch from General Loring to Colonel Scott, commanding infantry force at Deasonville, I see that he contemplates burning the grain at Pickens and Vaughan Stations. I am certain that unless a much heavier force than that in my front advances in this direction I can prevent them from doing anything beyond hte mere occupation of Yazoo City. They had one brigade of infantry on the fleet and two regiments infantry and Osband's negro cavalry on land at Mechanicsburg yesterday. Two of my regiments whipped the brigade and fleet, and the Third Texas kept the force advancing via Mechanicsburg in check and compelled them to retire late in the evening.

The infantry brigade attempted to drive the Sixth and Ninth Texas form a high hill, on top of which there was a depression forming natural breast-works. They were driven back twice. The Nineteenth [One hundred and ninth] and Eleventh Illinois Infantry came to the base of the hill, within 25 yards, when my men used their pistols and drove them back in great confusion, many of them throwing down their arms in their hasty retreat. Night and a gun-boat which lay in short range watching and shelling us until dark prevented us rom getting all the arms left on the field. Many, however, were saved. The Legion was engaged for a short time with the force that attempted to flank the portion of the Sixth and Ninth Texas, and behaved very creditably.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, February 4, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding Infantry, Canton, Miss.:

GENERAL: Fighting has commenced again this morning. The Third and Ninth Regiments of my command ar now engaged at Liverpool. The prisoners captured yesterday report only two regiments of negro infantry on the transports and that only two

