
corps are advancing on Jackson. I am about starting to Liverpool, and will report more definitely what is occurring there as soon as I know.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy forwarded to Captain Moorman, assistant adjutant-general.)
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CALVARY DIVISION, Liverpool, Miss., February 4, 1864-9 a. m.

General LORING and

Captain MOORMAN,Assistant Adjutant-general:

CAPTAIN: Five transports and five gun-boats just passed this point. No others are now in sight below. They had on board two negro regiments and one regiment of white troops. I have no news from the column that advanced by land yesterday, and I think that the force that has just passed is all that is going to Yazoo City. I will leave one regiment here, and move with the others and section of artillery to Yazoo City. They ran by under a heavy fire of musketry, at range of 250 yards, with men and horses on board the transports entirely exposed. Much damage must have been done them. I will move my courier-line on this side of Scott's Ferry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Yazoo city, February 5, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Three gun-boats came up ot this place [this] morning, but failed to effect a landing. One of them was engaged at 250 yards by one of my rifle pieces and was seriously damaged, and could with difficulty be drawn off. The others, after shelling us an hour, dropped back down the river and are now lying in the bend, 1 mile from the city. The transports are just below, supposed to be landing infantry. I have a good position, and am ready for them. Two other transports, besides those mentioned in a former report, passed Liverpool coming up; one at 8 p. m., yesterday,t he other at sunup this morning. They were both fired into by the Sixth Texas, which is stationed there. A negro soldier belonging to one of the enemy's gun-boats was captured last night, and reports that 5 men were killed dead and 20 wounded on their transports yesterday morning while passing Liverpool. The Ninth Texas fired into them there. Lieutenant Taylor, commanding scouts, reports enemy concentrating a large negro force at Snyder's Bluff. Inclosed I hand you his report of this and also of the murders of 2 men belonging tot he Sixth Texas Regiment of my brigade by negro troops near Mechanicsburg.* As I close the gun-boats have moved up and have commenced shelling again.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Taylor's reports not found.

---------------

