
COLLIERVILLE, January 13, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

Scouts just in, sent from Germantown to Olive Branch this morning, report that they have reliable information that the enemy is moving east. Will telegraph any further information we can get.

W. P. CALLON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, January 13, 1864.

T. E. B. CAMERON,

Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: Yours of November 26 did not come to hand till I was enroute for Memphis, so I left the matter to be attended to here. Of course, it is not to be expected that I have time to read, much less attend to, such long communications.

General Veatch was justified, as commander of a city in time of war, to destroy a gambling house, as it is the cause of crime and disorder. His right to destroy involves the minor right to fine and exact bond. He was not bound to inquire who owned the house.

If a Union man rents his property to an enemy or to rascals, he incurs the risk of losing it, as treason and crime taint all they touch.

As to the property used by Colonel Hatch, and now used by General Grierson, I will instruct the quartermaster to recognize the rights of property of all peaceable people, of course, to Union men, and either to vacate the premises or pay rent. I will refer by letter to Captain Eddy to inquire and act.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, January 13, 1864.

Governor THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

I found your dispatch of January 6 at my headquarters on my arrival here last night, and in reply have the honor to inform you that General Foster's orders to General Boyle do not contemplate the abandonment of Kentucky to the enemy, either in organized or guerrilla bands, but specially require a sufficient number of the troops now on duty in the State to be retained for the purpose of securing the safety of all important parts, as well as the security of our lines of communications. Kentucky is a portion of my command, and shall receive hereafter as heretofore all the protection that my forces are capable of giving. In all the dispositions of troops that I may make the importance of protecting her territory and securing her citizens from danger of internal disturbances will be kept steadily in view.

But, while busy with so many other matters of equal importance, I am well aware that I may not be able to obtain a full understanding of all that concerns her interests, and have therefore to request that you will communicate frankly with me at all times upon any subject you may deem sufficiently important to demand my attention.

