
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

No. 5. Strawberry Plains, Tenn., January 13, 1864.

I. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Manson commanding, will immediately go into position on the left bank of Mossy Creek, and will make huts for quarters, laying the same out with regularity, those of a regiment being similar in form and size and arranged with a view to securing the most thorough policing and proper camping grounds for company parade and drill in the manual, &amp;c. The brigade of said division now remaining at Strawberry Plains will march to-morrow morning, 14th instant, at 8 o'clock, and the position of the camps will be located at Mossy Creek by the acting assistant inspector-general of the corps, with reference to proper position for the Third Division when ordered up.

II. The portion of the Third Division not re-enlisted in the Veteran Corps will be concentrated by Brigadier-General Hascall, commanding, upon the left bank of the Holston River near Strawberry Plains, and await further orders. The Wilder Battery will, however, as soon as possible turn over its guns and equipments to the Elgin Battery, of the Second Division, in accordance with former orders.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

No. 6. STRAWBERRY PLAINS, TENN.,

January 13, 1864-11 p.m.

Paragraph 1 of General Orders, No. 5, current series, from these headquarters, is, in compliance with orders from department headquarters, hereby countermanded. Brigadier-General Manson, commanding Second Division, will get his command in readiness to move to Dandridge and will await orders to march. The brigade of Colonel Mott will be left at Mossy Creek.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF KY., 1ST DIV., 23rd A. C.,No. 11. Louisville, January 13, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. The commanders of the forces named below will report to General E. H. Hobson, at Lebanon, Ky., and receive orders from him:

Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, Colonel Brown, Lexington.

Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Maxwell, Bowling Green.

Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Colonel McManomy, Lebanon.

Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Holeman, Camp Hall.

Phillips' Illinois battery, Lieutenant G. W. Reed, Camp Nelson.

By command of Brigadier-General Boyle:

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

