HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTY., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., January 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following written report of my inspection of a portion of the artillery in this department, between the 25th of December, 1863, and 9th of January, 1864; in addition to which I submit a regular inspection report:

FORT DONELSON.

The fort is in good condition, except the curtain on the river side, the scarp and exterior slope of which are giving way, but it is being repaired by the garrison. The magazine is large and in good condition, frequently aired, and the ammunition well looked to and in good order.

The fort is armed with four 22 -pounder sea-coast and two 12-pounder iron guns, and ont 8-inch siege howitzer. There is one old 6-pounder iron gun, on a broken carriage, lying near the fort.

The men understand the drill very well, and the guns and implements are well taken care of; military appearance, discipline, and police, good. The men are in comfortable huts.

Battery C, Second Illinois Artillery, stationed here, has four James rifles. This battery is in very good condition, everything neat and well cared for; horses in excellent condition; stables not very good, but expect to make new ones soon. Men are in comfortable huts. Garrison consists of left wing of Eighty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brott.

CLARKSVILLE.

The fort is in very nice order. The magazine is slightly damp overhead, but the ammunition is in good condition, being frequently examined and aired.

The fort is armed with two 24-pounder siege guns, which are kept in good order, and the men drill very well. There are two 6-pounder field guns in the fort belonging to Battery C, Second Illinois (with carriages, limbers, and caissons complete), and also one iron 6-pounder taken out of the river and not mounted.

Battery H, Second Illinois, stationed here, has two 6-pounder guns and four James rifles; drill at manual pretty well. Battery well taken care of; very comfortable stables, and horses in fine condition. Military appearance and police very good. Men in comfortable huts. The garrison consists of the right wing Eighty-third Illinois Infantry, Colonel Smith commanding.

GALLATIN.

The fort is in good condition and the magazine in good order.

The Thirteenth Indiana Battery, having one 6-pounder, one 12-pounder howitzer, and four 3-inch guns, are at the fort (the guns inside). There are also three rebel field guns, with carriages, limbers, and caissons, in the fort, viz: One 6-pounder bronze, one 3-inch (not U. S.), and one howitzer, iron, probably a 12-pounder. Drill at manual very good; military appearance, discipline, police, care of

