
guns and battery very good. The horses are in very good condition, in a good stable, well stacked with fodder. Men in comfortable quarters.

A lieutenant and 13 men from this battery are at

CARTHAGE,

in charge of two 3-inch guns. The guns do not belong to any particular battery. Garrison at Gallatin, Seventy-first and One hundred and sixth Ohio, General Paine commanding.

FRANKLIN.

Fort is in very good condition. The magazine is large and leaks badly, but a shed was being put over it to try to keep it dry. The ammunition did not seem to be damaged from dampness, it being frequently taken out and aired. The magazine is used for a commissary store-house as well as to keep ammunition.

The fort is armed with one 30-pounder Parrott, two rifled 24-pounders, and three 8-inch siege howitzers; another 8-inch howitzer is in a small work a few hundred yards northwest of the main work. The men are in comfortable huts inside the fort; they drill well. Military appearance, care of guns and implements, and police very good. The garrison, consisting of two companies of the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, are also quartered inside the fort. The lieutenant-colonel commands the post.

COLUMBIA.

Lieutenant Gifford, with a detachment from the Fourteenth Michigan, has charge of a section, one 6-pounder gun and one 12-pounder Wiard gun, with limbers, caissons, horses, and implements completed. Garrison, Fourteenth Michigan, Colonel Mizner commanding.

NASHVILLE.

Fort Negley seems to be in good condition. The magazines (of which there are two) are in good order, and the ammunition is well looked to. The fort is armed with one 30-pounder, rifled (on a barbette carriage with a circular platform); three 24-pounder siege guns, two 24-pounder howitzers (field), and two 6-pounder field guns, manned by the Twelfth Indiana Battery. The guns and implements are well taken care of, and the men drill very well indeed. The men's quarters are not first rate. Tents are old and lumber very scarce. Military appearance, discipline, and policy very good.

The Seventy-third Indiana Infantry has charge of all the other guns that are in position at Nashville. At the capital there are four 30-pounder and two 20-pounder Parrotts. At Fort Houston one 24-pounder siege gun and four 6-pounder Parrott, one 32-pounder sea-coast, and one 24-pounder siege gun (the last two are mounted on carriages like casemate carriages without the chassis). There is a 24-pounder siege gun at the termination of Broad street, one 100-pounder Parrott, between termination of Broad street and officers' hospital (in the camp of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment), one 100-pounder Parrott near officers' hospital, one 24-

