
MURFREESBOROUGH.

The fort is manned by the First Kentucky Battery and about 800 convalescent officers and soldiers, all under the command of Major Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery.

The guns are divided into batteries of from three to nine guns each, under the charge of a commissioned officer, and from 60 to 108 enlisted men present.

Battery Mitchell is commanded by Lieutenant Irwin, of the First Kentucky Battery, and is armed with one 12-pounder and one 6-pounder field gun, and two 8-inch siege howitzers.

Battery at Lunette Palmer, by First Lieutenant Jones, Seventy-Ninth Indiana Volunteers, armed with four 6-pounder Parrott field guns and one 8-inch siege howitzer.

Battery at Lunette McCook, by Captain J. R. Fiscus, Seventeenth Indiana, armed with one 24-pounder, rifled, four 6-pounder Parrott field guns, and two 8-inch siege howitzers.

Battery at Lunette Negley, by Captain D. M. Roberts, Seventy-fifth Illinois, armed with two 6-pounders, one 3-inch, one 6-pounder James rifle field-guns, and one 8-inch siege howitzer.

Battery at Lunettes Rousseau, Sheridan, and Reynolds, by Captain W. A. Gregory, Twenty-second Illinois, armed with three 6-pounder and one 3-inch gun, and one 12-pounder field howitzer.

Battery at Redoubt Johnson, by Lieutenant William Pool, Eighty-seventh Indiana, armed with four 24-pounders, rifled.

Battery at Redoubt Schofield, by First Lieutenant William H. Leamy, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, armed with one 30-pounder Parrott, four 24-pounders, siege, and one 6-pounder, field guns.

Battery at Redoubt Wood, armed with four 24-pounders, rifled.

Battery at Redoubt Brannan, by Second Lieutenant J. D. Williams, Ninth Michigan, armed with three 30-pounder Parrotts, two 12-pounder field guns, and one 8-inch siege howitzer.

The First Kentucky Battery (Captain Thomasson), besides its own guns, two 6-pounders, one 3-inch and two 6-pounder James rifled field guns, has charge of one 24-pounder, rifled, and three 8-inch siege howitzers. Each battery, except the one at Lunettes Granger and Crittenden, has a magazine, all of which are in good condition. A little dampness can be seen in three of four of them after a long, heavy rain. At Redoubt Schofield the magazine leaked slightly, but will be fixed as soon as the weather will permit. Major Houghtaling told me that this magazine had heretofore been considered the best in the fort.

I could not get into the large magazine, the man who had the key could not be found. General Van Cleve and Major Houghtaling, who were in it a few days before, said that it was in a very good condition, but that there was slight dampness after long rains. The gallery around this magazine has fallen in two places, but can be easily repaired.

The military appearance, discipline, drill, police, care of guns and implements, very good. The men are in comfortable huts. Mess arrangements good.

The First Kentucky Battery, 54 horses, some of which are convalescent horses, and the others are such as could be bought in the

