
soon. Guns, implements, and harness well cared for. Men in comfortable huts. Military appearance, discipline, and police very good.

Battery M, First New York, four 10-pounder Parrotts, in fair condition. Horses in pretty good order; building stables. Guns and harness well cared for. Men in comfortable huts. Police, &amp;c., not first-rate. The guns are in a small work near the river. Magazine dry and small, nothing in it. This battery has charge of two 3-inch guns and one 12-pounder howitzer, which were shipped down from Murfreesborough about the 1st of October. Four guns were shipped but only three are at Bridgeport; the missing one is a 3-inch ordnance.

Major Lawrence is at Bridgeport with two batteries of reserve artillery. He has the men in comfortable huts, and they are building stables for the horses. Garrison, General Geary's division, two brigades.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN MENDENHALL,

Assistant Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Jim Evans' Ford, 12 Miles from Sevierville, January 14, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Lieutenant SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, General Elliott's Headquarters, Cavalry Corps, Mossy Creek:

A force of rebel cavalry entered Sevierville this afternoon, coming from the direction of the Great Smoky Mountain on the Gatlinburg road at 2 p.m.

The provost-marshal of the place who sent me word stated that he was in the court-house and saw them pass by, and that he estimated their number at 300. It appears that they immediately started out on the Newport road after two small wagon trains, of thirty wagons in all, which had gone out after wheat. One of these has with little doubt been captured; the other I have just heard of as being 5 miles from here making the utmost speed for Tom Evans' Ford.

Some rebels have also crossed the river to this side above here, near Hays' Ferry, to-day. I could attend to the case of the Sevierville party, but do not like to be between two fires. Please send the brigade at once, and we will capture more game. The 300 may capture other wagon trains, unless some assistance comes. I have but about 200 men. Please send me word at a gallop what will be done.

Yours,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-There are about 200 rebel infantry encamped on south side of French Broad at Hays' Ferry. A scouting party of rebel cavalry came down the road on this side, as far as Nick Swann's, 10 miles from here, this morning.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

