
resistance and is really not safe. There is quite a force of cavalry at La Grange, I am informed, and I think the Seventh Illinois Cavalry could well be spared from there and that it should be sent to La Fayette. Stationed at that place it would be in better position both for defensive and aggressive operations.

Nothing but what I consider an actual necessity induces me to suggest and urge the removal of a regimental at this time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Permit me most respectfully and earnestly to recommend to your consideration Colonel Edward Hatch, of the Second Iowa Cavalry, for promotion to brigadier-general. He has been under my command for the past twelve months, and for the last eight months has commanded a brigade of cavalry. He has proved himself to be an efficient and skillful officer, and has rendered invaluable services to the country. I consider his promotion not only due to himself but to the best interests of the service. He is not slowly recovering from a wound through his lungs received in a recent engagement at Moscow, Tenn.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier General, Commanding Cav. Div., Sixteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., January 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE H. ENGLISH,

Provost-Marshal:

COLONEL: General Grant's Orders, No. 57, prohibiting all trading or bartering in cotton, either directly or indirectly, has never been revoked.

That order provides that planters who are well disposed toward the Government of the United States may ship their cotton to New Orleans or Memphis, and also provides that all persons found engaged in buying cotton shall be sent beyond the lines of the department.

When you have reasonable grounds to suspect that a man is here to barter in cotton, you will arrest him and send him beyond the lines.

If there is any cotton now in Natchez that has been bought or offered for sale, in violation of General Grant's Orders, No. 57, you will seize the same and hold it subject to orders from these headquarters.

The agents of the Treasury Department have no power to license men to trade at this post in violation of General Grant's orders.

By order of Brigadier General W. Q. Gresham:

GEORGE S. BABBITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

