CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sherlock J. Andrews,
Benjamin S. Cowen,
Ezra Dean,
William Doan,
Joshua R. biddings,
Patrick G. Goode,
John Hastings,
Samson Mason,
Joshua Mathiot,
James Matthew,
Ohio.
William Medill, '
Calvary Morris,
Jeremiah Morrow,
N. G. Pendleton,
Joseph Ridgway,
William Russell,
Samuel Stokeley,
George Sweney,
John 13. WelUr.
John Moore,
Louisiana.
Edward D. White.
Indiana.
James H. Cravens,        Richard W. Thompson,
Jlndrew Kennedy,             David Wallace,
Henry S. Lane,              Joseph L. White.
George H. Piofflt,
Missouri.
John C. Edward!,             John Miller.
Arkansas.
Edward Cross.
Michigan.
Jacob M. Howard.
MEMBERS ABSENT
Pennsylvania —Two vacancies.
North Caroliica —William H Washington.
Georgia.—Thomas A Poster.
Tennessee —ciaron V Brown.
Louisiana.—John B. Davison.
Mississippi —Two members The result of the
election not known.
Alabama —Pve members The result of the
election not certa nly known, but it is believed that
five Democrats are elected
Illinois —Three members The election does
not take place until the first.
DELEGATES ABSENT
Florida.—David Levy.
Wiskonsan.—Not elected.
iowa —Not elected.
Mr. HALSIEAD inquired of the Clerk by
what authority the name of Linn Banks had been
placed upon the roll. Mr H said he understood
that there was a gentleman who contested the seat,
and claimed to have received a majority of legal
votes
The CLERK, in explanation, read the certificate
of election from the Acting Governor of Virginia,
in which, among the names of the members of
Congress elect from that State, appeared the name
of the Hon Linn Banks
The CLERK having; announced that there were
two hundred and seven members present,
Mr HUNT offered a resolution, that the House
now proceed to organize by choosing a Speaker
At the suggestii n of Mr FILLMORE, Mr H
modified his resolution, so that the election might
be conducted viva voce
Mr. WILLIAMS of Nonh Carolina moved to
amend by striking out i>í <i voce, und inserting "by
ballot," whereupon,
Mr. WELLER called for tellers, but,
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the yeas and na)s
were ordered, and resulted—yeas 66, nays 154
So the House refused to agree to the amend
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved to amend
the resolution, by inserting, al er ths wold "Speak-
er," the words ' «¡nd Clerk "
After some remarks by Me^sis EVERETT,
BARNARD, and HUNT, in orpoii'ion,
Mr JOHNSON withdrew lis draendmcnl, but
Mr WISE renewed it, and he question being
taken, the amen-'mc-nt was r j cte i
Tne original resolution v. i6'hen adopted without
a divis Ou
The House a"coidmgiy procefded to the election
of a opeaker, and Messrs ^d^bwood, J C
Clark and ArHERio-  havm, been fpo <ited tel
lers, ihe result was announced as /olio vs
For John White.—Messrs Alkn, Landaff W
Andrew, Sherlock J Andrews, Arno'd, Aycngg,
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Cirdseye, Blair,
Boardman, Botts,Bnggs, Brockway, M Iton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Wilum Butler, Cal-
houn, William B. Campbell, Thoma- J. Campbell,
Caruthers.Childs, Chittenden, John C Clark, Sta-
ley N Clarke, Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens,
Cushmg, Ganett Davis, William C Dawson, De-
berry, John Edward?, Everett, Fessenden, Fill-
more, A Lawrence Foster, Patrick G. Goode, Gra-
ham, Green, Greig, Habersham, Hall, Halstpd,
William S Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, James Irvtn, William W Irwin, James,
Isaac B Jones, John P. Kennedy, King, Lane,
Lawrence, Lmn, Thomas F Marshall, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether,
Moore, Morgan, Moms, Morrow, Nisbet, O^
borne, Ovsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Powell,
Promt, Ramsey, Benjamín Randall, Alexander
Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Bencher, Ridgway,
Rodney, Russell, Saltonstall, Sh pperd, Simonton,
Smith, Sollers, Sprigg, Stanly, Stokely, Slratton,
Stuart, Summers, J B Thompson, R.W Thomp-
son, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomhnson, Triple ,
Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Warren, Edward D. White, Joseph L White,
Thomas W Williams, Lewis William1!, Christo-
pher H. William", Joseph L Williams, Robert C.
Winthrop, Yoike, Augustus Young, and John
Young.
For J W Jones—Messrs Arlington, AthTton,
Banks, Bi Hack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Charles
Brown, Burk , William O Butler, Green W. Cald-
well Patrick C CaldwelKJolm Campbell, Cary,
Clifford, Clinton, CotesrtJfos , Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, Dean.Dtmfck, Doan.Doig, Eastman, John
C Edwards, Egbert, Ferris, John G Fioyd, Chas
A Floyd, Finance, Gentry, William 0. Goode,
Gordon, Gustme, Harris, John Hastings, Houek,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Hunter, In-
gersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, Kein, Andrew Ken-
ntdy, Litilefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Ro-
bert tMcClelian, McKay, McKeon, Mirctmnd, Al
fred Marsha , Jonn Thompson Ma«on, Mathews,
Medí 1, Mil tr, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Par-
ttUge, Pckei¡s, Plumer, Redin?, Rhett, Riggs,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Snyder, S ecn-
rod, Sweney, Turney, Van Buren, Waid, Watter-
son, Wei er, We~-tbnok, James W Williams, and
Wood
For Henry A Wi e —Messrs. AKord, S H
Butlei, Gentty, Gilmer, Goggin, M<tllory, Sumter,
and Taliafirro
For Josfph Lawrence —Messrs Adams, Gates,
Gi Idings, Matte ck", and Slade
Fa Glo N  Brings—Mr. Borden.
For Nithan Clu ford—M1- J W Jon<-s
For W C Johnson —Mr Wise
Wnole numbet 11 votes   -                       -.     221
Necessary to a cho ce                  -           -        111
Of which John White received   -           -    121
John W Jones            -           -     84
Henry A W ,se           -           -       8
Toseph Lawrfnca.        -           -        5
Gi orce N  Briggs        -           -       1
Nathan Chi ford         -                    1
William C Johnson    -           -        1
The Hen John Wh tf having received a ma
jonty of the whole namber of to es, was thei"
tore declared duly elected Speaker of the 27th
Congress, and having been conducted to the Chair
by Mr Triplett and Mi Keim, addiesoed ihe
House as follows
GentleviFn I carnot sufficiently express tpe
oblipatunb i ieel for the distinguished hoior coi-
ferre 1 upon me I undertake the i1 charge of t*-e
du ieo oi this stPtion witn u i feigned distrust rf mj
qualincticn1- I am sensible oi the r^asn tudt
i>nd difieuity < f the task, oí ,t a due us dun  , rf
nl ,"ir nib ties. S i j t ai ' <t i <>e íi th s
body i> s t  ig till that t i chu, i„ no bed ot
djw i, e* m1 ^ in a irf = "f °ti pot ca' eve le-
ment i i WacoMcunih t ik «< m> "..
nerou=corfid>.nee which placed ne , ere would Ce¡-
un>) to smport me 11 t ,e fauhiul a^d « rtla|
di<c'a eo'm/du'v ftn' h v i cJ ica ^e to
tuep >,¡% "ffi„- f_" d uy < í prcoid; ' ovei a
nuiieiousi emt)1 lut, us, when even no party
di/i .ins exio —nhen i o oiher t1 an ordirary basi-
ne $ is ¿ropos d lo be cons t rctj arj pa^Sc,c¡ Up0Dj
is no ea-y usk But rer apt there  ias been no
period in ihe hi-tcry of this coun'ry when the du
tie- ot this Chair were more ¡mpoitant, its respori-
| s bdities greater, its intrinsic diflicultieo more em-
birrassmg. Independent of that excited party
feeling—the natural result,m all freeGoveinments,
of personal nvalship—the consideration and dis-
cussion of those great questions which have eaused
the convention oí ihis special Congress, will no
dpubt give rise to high political excitement. Under
these circumstances, I dare not hope I shall be
able to give unqualified sa'isfaclion, no matter how
faithful, how zealous, how impartial I may be. It
shall, however, be my constant purpose te dis-
charge the functions of this station with a single-
ness of purpose and a fidelity of intention that
will secure to me the approbation, I trust, of the
just and liberal of all parties.
Candor, gentlemen, compels me to say I have
never made the rules of this House or Parliamen-
tary law my paiticular study. Experience in dis-
charge of the duties of this Chair, I may say I have
none. The qualifications necessary to a prompt
and able discharge of ihe dunes of Speaker are
multifanou —soree of them difficult I will not
detain you to enumerate them all, tie mention of
one, however, which I consider paramount to all
o hers, I cannot omit, I need "carcely say I allude
to that oiimpaitiahty—a rigid and uncompromis-
ing impartiality towardb every member, to the ex-
ercise of thi' qualification I pledge myself The
occupant of this chair should neither lend the in-
fluence of his position to make the House subser-
vient to Executive dictation, nor, on tee other hand,
to encourage a factious opposit on of Executive
recommendations. Passive obedierce to Executive
■Rill i* not les, fatal to libe ly than anarchy itself.
The true spirit of a-House of Repre^enta'lves is to
reflect faithfullv the popular will If it be true, as
Ijjhope ¿nd believe it is, tnat th s Hcuse is ihe ci-
t delofAmercan freedom—the great sheet-anchor
of the Constitution—the grand inquest of the na-
tion—should not ?11 its deliberations be charade-
r zed with order, with decorur", w th d-gnity' I in-
voke you, gentlemen, let ail otar proceedings be
marked with forbearance, mo ieratioB, courtesy,
a id patriotism. If, by any means, this body has
impaired its h gh character ps a dignified delibera-
tive assembly, W us unite, one and all, to restore it
to its íormer g >ad standing. Nothing, in my hum-
ble judgment would so effectually secure the perpe-
tuity of our iree mstituticns as a sacred observance
of older in the deliberations of this House
In conclus on, gentlemen, accept my grateful
thanks for this hi¿h mark of confidence and respect.
And I entreat vou, let all our proceedings be such
as to sustain the dignity of tbia House, maintain
the honor of the country, promote the public good,
and preserve, ummpairrd, the integrity oí this glo-
nous Unon.
Tne oath t f office was t! ereupon administered
to the Speaker by Mr Lewis Williams of North
Carolina, ihe gentleman holding the oldest com-
ún'   jn as a me nber of this House
The membTa pre ent were then qualified, by
taking the oa h prescribed in the Constitution of
toe United State
Mr WISG moved that the House do now pro-
C ed to tl e election of a Clerk viva voce.
Mr BABNARD moved to amerd by striking
out "viva voce," and m^ertiDg ' by ballot "
After some remarks from Messrs WISE and
BARNARD, the question was taken on theamend-
m"=n', and it yvas nrgaaved
Tre question was t-0 en oi tee motion of Mi
Wisp, sod it \'/i>s agreed to
A mesase «as here reeei eu from the Senate,
p^poiicng he or<-an zautn of tl at bodj, and that
i  \ <is resdy io pi^tetd to ousine s
Ihe ^Ie.11 e th i preceded to the election of a
Clerk
Mr WISEnomii,a*edMaMhewSt ClairClarke.
Mi. R4ND4LL rom na'ed F 0 J Smith
M    P0W5LL niminaif-r' R C Ma«on
Mr GOODE nominated IIjgh 1 Gar and
"i ? rcsu t tl ! h fir t vc c -7„s a  f iilcw
FirF 0 J Sri th — "Yes=rs .Alien, S J. An-
dr ws, Babcocl b?l c-, B i ej , BVir, Boardman,
Bor en, B ig¡>°, brick*ay, B orson, M Brown,
Jerem at' Bio n.BdinelLWiliwm Butler.Calhoun,
Th--  J C'mpbcll, Osrutneis, Chikh, Chittenden,
John C Claik, Staley N Clarke, Coopei, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Cushing, Garrett Davis, Wm.
