this course of things, that the Ejecutive department
assumed the highly questionable power of discrimi-
nating in the funds to be used m payment by diffe-
rent classes of public debtors—a discrimination
which was double's designed to correct this most
ruinous state of things by the ennc'ion of specie in
all payments for the public lands, but which could
not at once arrest the tide which bad so s'.roi.gly set
in. Hence the demands tor specie brcame unceas-
ing, and corresponding proration rapidly ensued
under the necessities created with the "banks to cur-
tail their discounts, and thereby to reduce their cir-
culation. I recur to these things with uo deposition
to censure pre-existing administrations of the Go-
vernment, but simply in exemplification of the truth
of the position which I have a-.sumed. If, then, any
fiscal agent which may becreaied shall be placed,
without due restrictions, either in the hands of the
administrators cf the Governmentor those of priva >e
individuals, ths temptation to abuse will prove to be
resistless. Objects of political aggrandizement
may seduce the firs', and the prompting? of a
boundless cupidity will essail the lji&t. Aided by
the experience of the past, it will be the pleasure
of Congress so to guard and fortify the pubbc in-
terests, in the creation of any new agent, as to
place them, so far as human wisdom can accom-
plish it, on a fooimg of perfect seeuiitv. Within
a few years past, three different schemes have been
before the country. The charter of the Bank of
the United S'ates expired by its own hesitations in
1836. An effort was made to renew it, which re-
ceived the sanction of the two Houses of Cid.
gress, but the then President of ihe United Spates
exercised his tv'o rower, and the measure was de-
feated. A regard to ttuth requires me to say that
the President was fully sustained in the course he
had taken, by the popular vr ¡ce. His successor in
the Chair of State unqualifiedly proroum-ed his
opposition to any new charter oí a similar insti-
tution; and rot only the popular election which
brought him into power, bat the eleilirns
through much of hs term, seemed clearly t  indi-
cate a concurrence v ith him in seuirrei.' t-n the
part of the people. After tha public moneys were
withdrawn from the United States limit, they were
placed in deposite wbs the St.-.te bm't , and the re-
sult of that policy has been boiore the country. To
say nothing as to the question wfceih r that experi-
ment was made under piopi'ious cr a'verse ctroira-
stances, it may safely be asj->r;ed 'ha*, it did lecsive
the unqualified condemnation of nvst of its early
aJyocates, and it is believe.1 was also c ndeeoxe'd
by the popu'ar sentiment. Tne exist,ng Sub Trea-
sury system doei iie>tsee:n io s'and in higher lAvor
with the people, but ) ns recently beui c'DÜemned
in amanner too pla-nly indica ed to a<t.jnl oía d'-ub'.
Thus, in the short peri.'d of eight ycar^. the poju-
lar voice may be ¡egarded as lis^m  success.vsby
condemnci each of the three sehonvsef finance to
which I have ajver'ej. As to the first it was in-
troducer) at a t me (1816) when ihe Stale bank-*,
then comparatively few m number, hsdb;cn forced
to suspend specie ra-meuts, by tec on of the war
which had previ msly prevailed with Greil Br.-ain.
Whether, if ih^ United S:a\s Bank charter i'hich
expired in 1811 bad bee a lenewed in due season, it
would have been enabled to cont.nue specie pay-
ments during the war and the? dUashvus period io
the comenerei of th« country which i-oinebiai  y
succeeded, is, to say the lea=t, pr^ilemit'ca!; and
whether the Un.ted S'a'es Bank of 13! fi, produced a
restoration of specie piyme.i'.s, or the same was
accomplished thro'irh the instri-ae:,;r.lry of o'ber
means, was a muter of S'-mr fi fiioui'y at ib-it
time to determ'r.o. Ceruiii it ,-- tb.v, 'or ¡h" b.'t
years of the op-ra'.-i of th>t B-uk. i's course
was as disastr -os us for ¡V er'-a'rr pirt of :h
subsequent career it became t-'uin-n'-y .-"icct^-
ful. As to the second, th- exponiieAt was tr-cd
with a redundant Trea-ur", wYoh cV.inu-d
to increase unt.l it seemed to be ihe pint if
wisdom to distribute lb'sur.bus 'evenue a no-.-:
the Stives, wh ch, oper-ting at the n"f
time with the specie circular, and the causes be-
fore adverted to, caused them to suspend specie
payments, and involved ihe country in the greatest
embarrassment. And, as to the third, if carried
through all ihe stages of its transmutation, from
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
paper and specie to nothing out the precious meláis,
to sjy nothing of the insecurity of the public mo-
neys, i's injun ais effects have been anticipated by
the country in its unqialified condemnation. What
is now to be reiatd-et a~ iheju.'gmcrjtof the Ameri-
can people on this Thole «ubjc-c¡, Í have no accu-
rate means ffde'Lr^jining but by rppealingto their
more immedia'e reore-enlatives. ihe late contest,
whi--'h terminated in the election of Gen. Harrison
to tbe Prendency, was decided on principles well
known and openly declared: and, while ths Sub
Treasury received in the result the most decided
condemnation, yet no other scheme of finance
seemcú to hav.; be-en concurred in. To you, then,
who have come more directly from the body of our
common coi'ii utnts, I submit the entire question,
as best qualifi-'1 to give a full exposition of their
wishes and opinions. I shall be ready to concur
with you in tbe adoption of such system as you
may propose, reseivmg to myself the ultimate
power of refec'ing any measure which may in my
view of it conflict with the Constitution or other-
wise jeopard the prosperity of the country; a power
which I could not part with even if I would, but
which l will not believe any act of yours will call
into requisi'ion.
I cfiijit avoid recurring, in connection with this
subject, to the necessity which exists for adapting
some i'i''able neasure whereby üwmdimi'ed crea-
tion "f b-inks by the S.ate« maybe corrected in
future. Such result can be- mostly readily achieved
by tbe con=-=nt of the State;, to be exprese! in the
io; m of a eompact amor.g themselves, v.hich they
can only enter into with the consent and approba-
tion of th's Government a consent which might
in ¡he present emergency of the public demands,
justifiably be given in advarce of any astion by the
State? as an inducement to such action upon terms
well defined by the act offender. Such a measure,
addressing itself to the calm reflection of the S ales,
would find in the experience oí the pat, and ¡he
condition cf the present, much to sustain it. And
it is great'y to be doub'ed whether any scheme of
finance c.t" prov  for any lenetli of time successful,
whi'e the S;a'es shall continue ia th  unr-'sirkied
exercis  of th; piwer of creating banking corpora-
tions. Tais power can os'y oe limited l-y their
cons.nt.
With 'he adoption of a finaicinl agency of a sa-
tisfactory character, the hop.- may be indulged tha'
the  country  may  once  more ftu;n to a sUte of
prosperity.'   Weasuies  auxilhry 'heret", a?d, in
some me.vre, ¡¡'separably cemxipoicd with its sll0.
cess, •.-/Di ¿ouf:l.Jss clii.ii t! e are..ticn of Congress.
y*mcngsi,.;h. a dM'ibu'ior. of the prcceds "f f'e
S:l-.s i f i\:" paohc  l.-.nds. p-ovided  so_h  di-.'nhu-
tifli does i ot ¡oioe np^n Co.igiess the  .•i;re:s:ty of
rsipo'tn.' up'--™. co.iriitr¡ehi-av eebiudc-ie ihan those
cji'templ.-;'(.d by tbe act of 1833, would act as an
efficient rcin-dkd measure, l-y being; b ought d.rect-
ly  in aid if the tintes     As one «mcerely devet^d
to the task oí preserving a jjsi b?.l-r.;-e i- o-i- .= .,'-
tern  ef govrr-'-ment,   by   tne  man.'eüar in of !'e
State? in a condi .en tbe ¡Te>st Ii-o p.-.1 /esrcc^ble,
and in th? tud "• s<es--ion of a'i 'h ir riA.-^r, I e.an
no other ."f- ti'n icol d>irO'i-   <-.• .'oe r rmaecipa-
ti in ¡¡cm i..e 'hi lit oo t   v Ireh 'hepr'- s-re rnthcir
finances now'ur-j^e i iherr; and  i"h-'e  1 must re-
pódate «>< a ^e.iii'ie founded in cir r, aid watting
co.is.iiutiorai si^-^-ímo, -Le si?h'^s; -¿rproseh toan
:-s.u¡npt-.on by 'his Oover-.i-e; t of ¡a- i'.ebts of the
State*, jef T tai se", in the il:s:r-ba'i"ii advened
i \ mue'i torer.-r,-mend r.    Tne c-'ntpacts beiweea
the-.vop,--e-,M-ñutes on-1 'bis i?ovfi\i'r:-ot express-
ly EBf.u.rv to ib-- Si'.a -s s'd !'■" be-iefn* --Inch may  j
s .s- .ror.-'M.e -..: -s.    1 h' m..;e by >-r. .-'i t.vs is 'o
be eff c <d a d es~rs i s ;f to the d --ce t   i . .' Con-   I
",-c;s.  es  fr   t i"---- 'o-'  dv ft:e :  c- '   i -~ -^-  ,
cie-iv, af.er tne kom be, -ii ia' intr. •"-.  s ¡r>; ra n-
e l bv nO'hin.: in in* himi.W or >n tb- G   i.-..a:i'-in,
so b'nitas Cong-i's sn.di con-ul  -.^'--q:   i'y in
tbe  i •■tr'bu'.ion ve.icb  the co npv.o's r-o,  • e.    ¡n
tie  prsmt couditi'm  of some o*   ti- !•_■ ite-,  the  j
ip.t-'-on "I ri-tr.bir on -r:.--7 ¡^ regvfeda  subslan-  |
iied.lv as a q • r -> ■ ¡on '.le'weend ~ ci ?'' 1 indrert tax-   j
an -it.    U  ¡h    d.strihution  be not made ia some  \
lorm or other, the necessity will daily become more  j
ue-ient with the debtor S'ates ior a report to an op-
pressive system of direct  taxation, or their credit,
7
and necessarily their power and influence, will be
greatly diminished. The paymentof taxes, after the
most inconvenient and oppressive mode, will be ex-
acel in place of contributions for themostpart vo-
luntarily made, and therefore comparatively unop-
pressive. The States are emphatically theconstitu-
enis of this Government, and we should be entirely
regardless of the objects held in view by them mthe
creation of this Government, if we could be indiffer-
ent to their good. The happy effects of such a mea-
sure upon all the States would immediately be mani-
fested. With the debtor States it would effect the
relief to a great extent of the citizens from a heavy
burden of direct taxation which presses with se-
verity on the laboring classes, and eminently assist
in restoring the general prosperity. An immediate
advance woull take^dace in the price of the State
securities, and the attitude of the States would be-
come once more, as it should ever be, lofty and
erect. With States laboring under no extreme
pressure from debt, the fund which they would de-
rive from this source would enable them to improve
their condition in an e*minent degree. So far as this
Government is concerned, appropriations to domes-
tic objects, approaching in amount the revenue
derived from the land sales, might be abandoned,
and thus a system of unequal and therefore unjust
legislation would be substituted by one dispensing
equality to all the members of this Confederacy.
Whether such distribution should be .made
directly to the States in the proceeds of the sales,
or in the form of profits by virtue of the ope-
rations of any fiscal agency having those proceeds
as its basis, should such measure be contemplated
by Congress, would well deserve its consideration.
Nor would such disposition oí the proceeds of the
sales in any manner prevent Congress from time to
time from passing all necessary pre-emption laws
for the benefit of actual settlers, or from making
any new arrangement as tome price of the public
lands which might in future be esteemed desirable.
I beg leave particulaily to call your attention to
the accompanying report from the Secretary of
War. Besides the present slate of the war which
has so long afflicted the Territory of Florida, and
the various other matters- of interest therein referred
to, you will learn from it that the Secretary has in-
stituted an inquiry into abuses, which promises to
develops gross enormities in connection with Indian
treaties which have been negotiated, as well as in
ihe expenditures for the removal and subsistence of
the Indians. He represents, also, other irregulaii-
tie* of a serious nature that have grown up m the
pr.ictice of Ihe ladran Department, which will re-
quire the appropiiation of upwards of $200,000 to
correct, and which claim the immediate attention
of Congress.
In reflecting on the proper meaos of defending
tbe counlry, we cannot shut our eyes to the conse-
quences which the introduction and use of the
power of etearei upon the ocean are likely to pro-
duce in wars between maritime States. We can-
ni t yet see the extent to which this power rmay be
applied in belligerant operations; connecting itself
as it does with recent improvements in the science
of gunn.-ry and projectile;; but we need have no
fear of being left, in regard to these things, behind
the most active and skilful of other na'ions, if the
genius and enterprise of our fellow-citizens re-
ceive proper encouragement and direction from Go-
vernment.
True wisdom  would, nevertheless, seem to dic-
tate the necessity of placing in perfect condition
those fortrfieations which are designed for the pro-
tection of our principal cities and roadsteads.   For
the defence of our extended marifsae coast, our
chief reliance should bo placed on our navy, aided
by those  mvenii-.ns  which sre destined lo recom-
mend themselves to public ade-pb.on.    But no lime
seiouid be io-1 in placing our principal cities on the
sea'-oard and the lakes n a state of entire security
frrm foreign assault.    Separated as we are fiom
the countries of the old  world, and in much ur.-
afie-iied by their prbry,  ne are happi'y relieved
irom the necessity  of maintaining large standing
armies in time of peace.     Tne policy which was
adopted by Mr. Monroe, shortly after the conclu-
sion of the late war with Great Britain, of preserv-
ing a regularly uigamzed staff suiTicient for the
