10                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
motion they might desire. But he wished to be
distinctly understood that, by thus voting, he was
not to be considered, directly or indirectly, as sup-
porting the doctrines contained in the Message.
He did not know whether he understood some
parts of it; but if one of its recommendations was
that there should be a distribution of the proceeds
of the gales of the public lands, or any portion of
the revenue, thereby creating a stock interest in
the States, and organizing a central power to be
regulated and controlled by the General Govern-
ment, no matter whether under the name of a
Bank of the United States, or any other, to regu-
late the paper currency (as it was called) of the
country, he raised his solemn protest, in advance,
against it, as a doctrine dangerous to ths liberties
of the country.
Mr. GRAHAM renewed the original motion of
Mr. Barnard to print 10,000 of the message with
the documents.
The question was then first taken on the motion
to lay the message and accompanying documents
on the table, and that the ordinary number be
printed; which was agreed to.
The question now recurred on the modified mo-
tion of Mr. Botts to print 20,000 copies oí the
message and the accompanying documents.
Mr. ATHERTON said that at the last session
15,000 with, and 5,000 without the accompanying
documents were ordered to be printed; but after-
wards, on the fcorc of economy, there was a re-
consideration of the vo'e, and the House, after
some discussion, determined to print 10,008 with,
and 5,000 without the accompanying documents.
Mr. STANLY read from the journals of the
House, showing the course heretofore adopted in
such cases.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN depreca'ed these re
ferences to past legislation. Tie protes'ed against
reading what had been done i" former Congresses
as a rule for the guidance of tins Hou e. He had
heard from the mountains and valleys the cry that
the expenditures of theGovemmmt were far t^o
great (or Us revenue, and this House had been
sent here to r-form and retrench. Although the
President of the United Stc> es had not rrrom urnd-
ed retrenchment and reform, to hnn  back the Go-
vernment to its Republican simpbcity, he (Mr B )
to test the honesty ot those principles which had
been professed by the majority of the House, would
begin the task here—to utform unnecessary expen-
ditures in printing, and every thing else. When
they showed the peop!" that ih<*y weie ready to re-
form in small things, the peop'e would then be-
lieve that they were honest m th ir profc=yons  ■• to
larger ones. After s >mc further remarks, Mr
B. concluded, by "ayinghe would vote for t e
smallest number.
After somu remarks from IVes r . MORG^IV,
WISE, ARNOLD, SLADS.and ANDREWS, the
yeas and nays were demanded on the motio i cf
Mr Botts to print 20,000 extra copies, but net
being ordered, and the ques ion being taken, the
motion of Mr. Botts was lost.
Mr. SL4DS then moved to print 16,000 copies
of the message and documents
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and najs,
which were ordered, and were as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J An-
drews, Arnold, Atcrifg, Bi hfAck, B?ker, Bidlaclr,
Birdseye, Blair, Brardman, Borden, B tts, Bri«gs,
Brockway, Branson, Milton rVo n, Jerem ,ih
Brown, Buinrll, Sampson IÍ. Butler, Wm Bu ler,
Calhoun, John Campbell, Tnornas J Campbell,
Caruthers, Ohilds, Chitte-den, John C CK-k,
Staley N. Clarke, Cranston, Owens, John Ed-
wards, Eveiett, Fens, Fessendcj, P'llmo-e, Tor-
nance, A. La vrence Foster, Gates, Gentry, q¡\.
mer, Pat rk G Goode, Green, G - g, Hall, Wm
S. Hastings, Henry, How d, J?me-. Irvin, Wi'-
liam W. Ir m, James, ísjpc B. Jores, lane
Lawrence, Linn, Mallory, S Maoi, Ma'Tck-,,
Maynard.Moo e, Megan, Mots, O Dime, Pop ,
Powell, Ram-ey, Benid'" n Randall, A. R-- d,dl
Ridgway, Rodney, R" *II, Salt nsa'i, Servant,
Simonton, SUde, Smith, Song , Stan'y, S'okele',
S'uart, Summers, John B. Tjoiapson, Ti'lnghtst,
Toland, Tomhnson, Triplet, Trumbull, Vsn
Rensselaer, Wallace, Edward D. White, Joseph   '
] L. White, Thomas W. Williams C H. Williams,
Wmthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John
Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Ar-
rmgton, Atherton, Banks, Barnard, Bowne, Boyd,
Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown, Burke,
William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick
C. Caldwell, William B Campbell, Gary, Clifford,
Clinton, Coles, Cooper, Cowen, Cross, Cusbing,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, R'chard D. Davis, D\wson,
Dean, Deberry, Djmock, Doan, Doie, East-
man, J C Edwards, Egbert, J G Fl<"yd, C.
A. Floyd, T. F Foster, Gamble, Giddmgs,
Goggin, W. O. Goode, Gordon, Graham,
.Gustme, Habersham, Halsted, Hams, Houck,
Ha}s, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunter, Hunt, Iigersoll, C Johnson, J. W.
Jones, Keitn, J. P. Kennedy, A. Kennedy, King,
Litilefield, Lowell, A McClellan, R. McClellan,
McKay, M Keon, Marchard, A Marshall, T F.
Marshall, J T. Mason, Ma'hiot, Mathews, Max-
well, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Monow, New-
hard, Nisbet, Oliver, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge,
Pearce, Pendleton, P.ckens, Piumer, Promt, Ran-
dolph, Rajn-r, Reding, Rancher, Riggs, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shepherd,
Snyder, Solhts, S eenrod, Stratum, Sweney, Talia-
ferro, Rictnrd W Thompson, Turney, Underwood,
Van Btuen, Ward, Warren, Watterson, Weller,
Westbrook, Lew s Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Wise, and Wood—121.
So the motion was rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Gbaium to print 10,000 copies of the Message and
documents.
Mr. ANDREWS asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
So 10,000 extra copies of the Message and docu-
ments were ordered to be printed
Tie SPEAKER 'hen announced, as the recur-
ring'busmess, the proposition of Mr. Pickens as to
seat , but
Mi. PICKENS expressing himself willing to
yield for tbe present—
Mr. ADAMS offered the following resolu! or:
Resolved, Th¿t a ccmmit'ee o, one member fiom
each State m tl.c Union be app m'cd on ibe part of
this Hou^e, to join spoh committee as may be ap-
p imtcd on the pirt of the Senate, to cors'der ar>d
rspoit by uhat token ot respect and affec ion 't
may be prop°r lor the Congress of the tlm'ed
Stat-s to express the deep sensibility of the nation
to the event of the debase of thai late President,
Wimiiiv- IIeiíby FUrrisjn, and that so nveh of
the Mr rne cf L c Piesideat as relates to that me-
lancholy evtnt be rere red to the s-uj cotxmtUce.
Which i as a op ed unanimously.
Mr. BARNARD (under similar courtesy from
Mr Pickets) offered the following resolutions::
Resolved, That <¡o many only t f the standing
committees named in the rules of the last House
of Representatives shall be appoin ed at the pre-
sent session as shall be necessary nnd proper un-
der these rules to take charge of and con i \r the
several subjec s presented in the Messa e of tie
President just read, and requir ng, in the opinion
of the Ptesident, the ac'ion o> C m;ress at tie pre-
sent session; except tha' the Committee of Elec-
tions and the Committee on Accounts may also be
appoirted.
JRaohid, Teat a select committee of mn> mem-
bers sl-a'l be appointed to t?ke ihirge of and con-
sider "o míeh Cl th' Presidenta Mes age as íe-
lates tj th° cu .(.aey of the country and & fi cal
agent for t,e Government.
Resolved, Tnat a se ect committee o" r>r° mem-
bers be ap^o ate' to >ck3 charge of ai  "i ijer so
much of the President's me sage as >clat"s to ihe
d'sposi ion of the public lands and of the proceeds
of the sa'es thereof.
Th's* r solutions weie read <bi information, and
then wev laid over for the present.
Tí e House then resumed the consideration of
the modified proposition of Mr. Pickests, (as to
seats; see above,) and of the several amendments
thereto,
Mr. SLADE offered the following resolution as
his modified amendment:
Resolved, That, at the opening of each session of
CoDgress, after the 27th Congress, the names of
all the members present on the first day of meeting
shall be placed in a box, and drawn out by the
Clerk, successively, that the member whose name
is first drawn miv choose his seat, and each mem-
ber whose name is diawn successively may choose
in like manner; and that the seats thus chosen shall
be holden during the continuance of such session.
After a few remarks from Mr. WISE,
Mr. PICKENS asked the pr« vious question, un-
der the Parliamentary law; but, after some conver-
sation as to its effect, zf seconded, the House, by
ajes 81, noes not counted, refused tosusiatn it.
And, the question again recurring on the resolu-
tion and amendments,
A further discussion followed, in which Messrs.
WISE, PICKENS, McKEON, SLADE, BRIGGS,
JOHN C. CLARK, and W. C. JOHNSON, parti-
cipated, when
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; which motion was agreed to—
ayes 105, noes 102.
So the whole subject was laid on ths table.
Mr. STANLY introduced h.s colleague, Hon.
W. H Washington, Repreíen'ative e ect from the
State of North Carolina, who was qualified, and
took his seat
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina gave notice
that, on to-morow, or so soon as the rules and bu-
siness of the House would permit, he would present
a bill to repeal the act entitled "An act to provide
for the collection, safekeeping, tiansfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," generally known
as the Sub-Trea ury law.
And then (having previously resolved to meet to-
morrow at 12 o'clock) the House, at 3 oclcck, ad-
journed.     *
IN SENATE,
Wednesday Jure 2, 1841.
Mr. CLAY oí Alabama and Mr. PHELPS ap-
peared in their places this morning
Mr. BENTON svbrmUed the following resolu-
tions for consideration:
Resolvd, That the President of the United States
be requ^s ed to inform the Senate what amount of
public money has leen placed m the hands of dis-
bursing officers and ageu's since the 4ih of March
la£t, also what amount of public mone>s now re-
mains in the hand^ of di bursmg officers and
agents imAocou ited for, or not repoitedto have
been paid ovei pecordmg to 'aw.
Resolved, That the President of the Uni ed States
be requested to inform the Senate, ?s soon as the
lnbrmation can be obtained from tLe di bursirg
officer  and cg-nts, v hat amoun's of public mo-
ney, if any, w,i eh have been placed in their h<inds,
are now on d°po i e m bznks; and if so, the names
of the banks, nheth'1 specie paying or not, and
whether the deposite is genera' or special.
Reselvtd, That ihe Preudent of the United
States be reques ed to inform the Senate of the
amount of Treasury notes which has been issued
sir ce ths fo.irth day of March last, wi h the da'es
thereof, with the names of tl-c persons or corpora-
t ons to whom issued, and whe her the same w ere
issued m p?yment of demands en the Treasury, or
in exchange for money or bank notes; and if •.o' ex-
changed lor money or bank notes, v,heie the same
was deposited.
Resolved, That the Pre ident of the Un ted Sta'es
re reques ed to av Woie the Senate a schedule of
the payments made from the Tr asury during the
months of March, April, and May, of tbe piesent
year.
Resolved, Th-t the President of th' Tin,ted States
be requested to infoinv Ihe Scra'e whether tbe ba-
lance due from the Bank of the Umtfdbiaies has
been pan*; a'so,whe her ^e dividends retaired ly
the Bank to pay ¿anases on the French bill of
exchange have been paid, and, if said balance and
fivi lends, rr eiih r of <hem, have not been paid
that the President b^ requested to mferm the Se-
na'e w'-at measures have been taken to obtain
such payment since the 4th day of March last.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
