14
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
demned the measure, while, at the same lime, they
had not pronounced their will in favor of any other.
The Senator from South Carolina himself had ex-
pressly admitted on a former occasion that the Sub-
Treasury had been condemned by the voice of the
nation. So, at least, he was represented to have
said; for Mr. R did not speak from his own per-
sonal recollection.
Mr. CALHOUN begged leave to correct the
Senator from Virginia. The statement Mr. C had
made was that, in regard to the Sub-Treasury,
taken as a sole and solitary measure, the people
had declared their opposition (o it, but then there
had not been a greater majority in favor either of
the pet bank scheme, or that of the United States
Bank.
Mr. RIVES. Well; a majority of the people
being confessedly against ihe Sub-Treasury, he did
not see why Congress might not, forthwith, pro-
ceed to execute the public will. When that was
don , Ihe State bank question would revive, and
then it would be for Congress to say whether those
banks should hold the public moneys, or whether
we should adopt a Bank of the United States, or
should create a new fiscal agent. Without intend-
ing, at this time, to commit himself to eituer of the
three scheme*, Mr. R. was prepared at once lo
commit himself, as the nation had committed itself,
to the repeal of the Sub Treasury law.
The question being now called for on the resok-
tion<
Mr. CALHOUN proposed to amend it by adding
the words "and to report a substitute "
Mr. CLAY hoped the amendment would net be
made; and he called for the question.
Mr. CALHOUN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. The amendment proposes that the
Finance Committee shall repoit a substitute for the
Sub-Treasury, that is, it totally nullifies the select
committee which the Senate appointed on the sub-
ject of finance and a fisial agent of the Government.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested whether it would
not be expedient to refer the pending resolution to
the select committee instead of the Committee
on Finance
Mr. CLAY said that the select commi'tee stood
on a special and peculiar ground, and the objects
of its appointment did not embrace that of this
resolution; if he thought that they did, ha would
with pleasure adopt the suggestion.        •
Mr. WALKER asked whether the subject was
not already before the select committee, and whe-
ther ihe amendment would not defeat that re-
ference?
Mr. CALHOUN said his object was to take the
sense of the Senate whether they intended to act
separately on this subject without the other matters
connected with it. There were ¡hree sets of opi-
nions in the country—one tor a National Bank,
one fer the pet banks., and one for the Sub-Trea-
sury. The object ot this resolution had been dis-
tinctly avowed, it was the establishment of a Na-
tional Bank. The Sub-Treasury had just com-
menced its operations, why not give it a fair trian
[Mr Clay, across. Because the people have
condemned it.]
It is said there is a niaj  nty of the peop'e opposed
to it, and so, I believe, there is pganM ihe ptt bank
system, and against a Bank of ae United S'ates
If the resolution was adop ed, Mr C did not care
to whichcomtii'ttee it was referred.
Mr. WALKER prefeired its reference to the
select committee on the currency, &c.
The question was now put oj Mr. Calh'on's
amendment, and decided by jeas and Days as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Beaton, Buchanan, Ca>-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, McRoberts,
Nicholson'Pierce, Sevi°r, Smith ot Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wa'ker, Williams, Wooabury,
Wright, and Yi ung—19
NAYS—Messrs Archoi, Borrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Cnoate, Clay of Kentucky, Cla  ton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moiebead, Por-
ter, Trent ss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smifi of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and Woodbndge—
The resolution of Mr. Cut was then adopted as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
directed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
the act entitled "An act to provide for the collec-
tion, safe-keepmg, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenues."
On motion of Mr. CLAY, so much of the Presi-
dent's message as relates to the subject of the
finances was referred lo the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. RIVES moved that so much of the Presi-
dent's message as relates to foreign affairs be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the Senator would
defer that motion for a day or two. he desired to
pay particular attention to the late correspondence
between the British Minister and the present Se-
cretary of State. His impressions were very dif-
ferent at present on the law of nations from those
of that distinguished gentleman. He did not know
that he was correct in his views, and if, on exami-
nation, he found that he was not, he should most
cheerfully yield his opinions.
Mr. RIVES absented.
On motion of Mr HUNTINGTON, so much of
the President's message as relate? to commerce was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resohei, That Ihe President of the United Slates
be requested t© inform the Senate why Gen. Mat-
thew Arbuckle has been removed from his com-
mand at Fort Gibson, west of Arkansas, to Baton
Rouge, in the State of Louisiana, where ihere are
no United States troops.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the causes wh ch led to the
sailing of the United States squadron from the Me-
diterranean, ard the return ot the frigate Brandy-
wine, together with such (fficial correspondence
.connected therewith a ; m his opinion may not be
improper to be communicated.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial from the
members of the bar, at New Orleans, prajing that
the salary of ihe District Judge may be increased,
which, after soma remarks from Mr. B. was refer-
red to the Comrmitee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of cit zens
of New York relative lo a bankiupt law; which
was reierred to the Commutee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
the Legi lature of Mississippi foi a mail routs,
which was reierred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road. 
Also, a memorial of the same body m favor of
the establishment of a Land Office on the Missis-
s ppi river;
.A'bo, a petition of citizens of Hancock county,
piaymg for a cfnnge in the port ofentrj, which
was reí ei icd to the Committee on Commerce
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, wlich was referred to the
Commi'tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mi. CLAY of Kentucky, after some prelimina-
ry rtrmrks, submitted the following resolution:
Resolui, That the act entit'ed "An act to pro-
vide for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disburenent of ihe pubhc revenue, ought to Le
forthwith repealed
Mr WRIGHT suggested a modifcation, which
Mr Clav acceded to, and the íeso'ution was sub-
mit ed in thp fi llowing words
Reiolved, 'i't-at the Committee on Finance be di-
rected to ii quire mtu the expediency of repealing
the act antitled "An ?ct to provide for t^e coilecticn
«afe keeping, transfei, and disbursement oí the
public revenue."
Mr. CALHOUN opposed the resolution ?s un-
necessary, as trie who e subject of the finances and
a fiscal agent of the Government had been already
referred to a select committee. If this was sent to
the Committee on Finance, it should be instructed
to report a substitute. He would therefore move
to amend the resolution, by adding the words "and
to report a substitute  
Alter some remarks by Messrs, CLAY of Ken-
tucky and WALKER, the question was taken on
the amendment, and lost—ayes 19, noes 27, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Faltón, King, McRoberts,
Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntingtan,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Rives*, Simmons, Smith oí In-
diana, Southard, Tallmadge, and Woodbndge—27.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of the
president and directors of the Bank of the Me-
tropolis, praying for a recharler of that institution;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Various portions of the President's message were
then referred to appropriate committees.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, That two Chaplains of different de-
nominations be elected to Congress during the pre-
sent session, one by each House, who shall inter-
change weekly
The resolution was agreed to, and sent to the
House for concurrence.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thubsday, June 3, 1841.
Mr. BARNARD asked the consent of the House
to take up and consider the resolutions which he
offered on Tuesday; the first of which he proposed
to amend, so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the several standing committees,
named m the rules of the last House of Represent-
atives, be appointed by the Speaker.
Resolved, That a select committee of nine mem-
bers shad be appointed to lake charge of and con-
sider so much of the President's message as relates
to the currency of the country and a fiscal agent
foi the Government.
Resolved, That a select committee of nine mem-
bers be appointed 'o take charge ot and consider so
much of the President's message as relates to the
disposition of the public lands and of the proceeds
of the sales thereof.
Tne question being on the consideration,
Mr PICKENS inquired whether he rightly un-
derstood the resolution as proposing to raise a se-
lect committee of nine members upon the currency,
mdepenwnt of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to wh eh the subject had been heretofore referred,
or as a substitute for that committee
M<- B4RNARD. Not as a substitute, because
tho fer t resolution nroposed toat all the committees
should be a-pomted.
Mr. PICKENS slid this wps then a proposition
to raise two distinct select committees ever and
above the usual committees of this House. Under
the star.dmg rules of ihe last Congress, we had
4 aiding committees appointed to wmch tóese sub-
jec -matters were invariably referred. The Com-
mit ee of Ways and Means had invariably, here-
tofore, taken chaige of the currency question, as
Le geatieman pleased to call r, and the Commit-
tee on Public Lanas had invariably taken charge
Oi ft"" other - reposition referred to He hoped the
House would not now depart from this general
custom, he saw no reason for the change. At the
special ses ion of 1837, the usual course m relation
to > e nppom m^nt of committees was pursued.
He could see no propriety m the charge proposed.
If the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Barmahd]
defied the appointment of a select committee on
the currency, he could, having a Speai er of his
own choice, obtain such a committee, and thus set
forth '"is views on the currency and the land ques-
tion, and he (Mr. P.) could see no propriety on
me lace of the earth for varying the mode of pro-
cedure, if he could, it was probable be might enter-
tain a different posit'on, but, as at present advised,
he should vote tor the adoption of the usual course.
Mr CLIFFORD inquired of the Speaker what
was the question before the House.
