.    CONGRESSIONAL, ÍMLOBE.   ,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                       -----—WEEKLY---------                          PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong..........1st Sess.                               SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1841.                                Volume 10...........No. 2.
Continued from JVo 1.
had not been less excitement than before, and
whether every thing had not gone on in peace and
harmony, both in and oat of Congress, on the ques-
tion of the abolition of slavery? We all know that
before the adoption of the twenty-first rule, Con-
gress had been perpetually interrupted, day afier
day, by efforts to introduce a reiolution to receive
petitions on the subject of abolition. He objected
to agitating this question again, and he would telP
gentlemen that they might bring it up asain and
triumph for a season, and sport with the feelings of
Southern men; but that a reaction in the public
feeling would take place, was as inevitable as
that the tides of the ocean would ebb and flow.
Whilst now all was quiet, whilst all was peace,
thsy might think they could mak? inroads upon"
their rights; but the moment they should attempt it,
that moment wou!d iht-y rccrea!e an excitement,
both in and out of these halls, which every lover *f
peace and harmony must deprecate. And it would
be foe .d that .in pruportion to their numbers em
this floor would Sjuthern men become stronger in
denotioc'ng any interference with their rights. The
whole Sooth would be found meeting as one man
on this question. We have been called here to dis-
pose of giave and serious subjects, and not to dis-
cuss the question of abolition, and, therefore, it
was useless and unnecessary to interfere with the
twenty-first rule. Did the President of the United
States say one word in his message on the subject
of abolition, directly or indirectly? Not a syllable.
And yet the first step taken on this floor wascon-
tiary to toe recommendations in the message. It
was thenentitely foreign to the purpo es for which
Congress had bei-tispecially convened.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Vir. Under-
wood] had remarked, in the course of his speech
this momia?, that a feeling of indignation had
been goiten up in the country in regard to the
psesenta'ton of a bol tion petitions to Congress.
Now where, he [Mr. W. C. Johnson] would ask,
was this feeling of indignation? He knew not. The
nation was, at this moment, in the enjoyment of
the utmost tranquillity and repose. It was, too,
lcokmg xviih the most anxious solicitude to our
proceedings, in order to see what we were going to
do for the relief of the cuntry—what we were
going to do in reference to improving !he cur-
rency and exchanges of the country. He con-
fessed he wa: apprehensive th=u nothing good could
grow out of rescinding the 21-t rule, but on the
contrary that much evil might resalí from it. He
was fully convince ; that the sentiments of the Pre-
sident of trie United S'ates wee in favor of the
course he [Mr. W. C. Johnson] was taking ¡n re-
ference to rescinding this isolation. He hid set
forth his opinion on tht; qn st-on in a lei: r v. hic'i
had been some tune --inca publi-hed to the world.
Mr. Adams hete a-ked Air the reading of the
letter.
Mr. W. Cost Johnson resumed. He had not
the letter in his possession, but he stated it as a fact
that the Exer.n'ive had wr tien a letter to the effect
which he (Mr, J.) had irrigated. Hi therefore
was desirou1- to clev his skirts of any charge that
he was either directly or indirectly an instrument
in this matter. It V-.s but an act of justice to-
wards that dis'iaatiishrd individual to say thus
much in his vindication. If this House, tie grand
inquest of th  nation, should undertake the respon 
sibility of acling on ttvs question, and of throwing
open the doors to a flood of Abolition petitions,
why, lei them do it; but d > not couple the name of
the Executive n'ith it. As he had already satd. be
offered the resolution on the «object of Abolition peti-
tions which became the 21st rule, ana he rejoiced
that he had done it. Hnvmg advocated then, he
would do so now, because he had seen no reason
to change his opinion as 10 the propriety and cor-
rectness of the course which he thought it his duty
to take.
He did not think it proper to discuss the
whole subject again, which had been fully and
elaborately argued on a former occasion. The
chief motive by which he had been governed
in ofFeriog his resolution was to throw oil upon
the troubled waters, and the result of its adop-
tion was to restore peace and harmony to the
•House. We had not witnessed those angry
scenes here since, which had induced a whole de-
legstior. of members, representing a portion of
the Soulh, to withdraw from this body in order to
devise and consult upon what course ihey should
take to defend the rights of iheir constituent .
But repeal this resolution, and what might be done
he would not pre.end lo foretell. He would, how-
ever, predict that no good would come of it to any
portion of this Union—no beneficial results to any
interest of this wide-spread confederacy. Rescind
this rule, and endless discussion will be the conse-
quence, pnd the excitement would be so great as to
retard the despatch of the business which had call
ed us together, and thu-; we might be silting here
till near the meeting of the regular session. He
was, for all there reasons, opposed to rescinding
the resolution, a'id because he wished Congre-s to
go on and dispose of the various measures Which
the country was most anxiously waiting to have
disposed of as tpce'ily as possible. Me would
vote to reiain the resolution, and let the conse-
quences fall upon those who were for rescinding it.
He would invoke ihis Mouse, and more especially
his Whig friends, to pause and anxiously and deli-
berately reflect before ihev countenanced a course
of action which would lea.i to results disastrous m
their effects. It was not his purpose to enlarge
upon ihis recasrn. bui in order to show what had
been the proceedings of this House upon the ques-
tion, he would ask it  attention to the \pas and
na'.s which had been taken on the >ubj?ci, and
were 11 be found in pace 191 of the journal of the
House, in the year.* 1835-6 [He^e the Ckrk
read them ] His object in having the yeas and
nay:- read was to show that f>e principie had been
adopled to reject abolition petitions, and that, too,
on the most high ar.d patriotic gron.-ul:, because of
the excitement throughout the country, and in the
national councils.
Now, rescind ibis resolution, and we should then
have the same excitement that was witnessed here
hefore its adoption, and when, on one occasion, a
mot.on to receive an Ab lition petit'on was laid en
the table by a vote of 176 to S7, and Mr. Adams
led oil in tne affi'mative. Atier referring to what
was the opinion of tne francrs of the Constitution
on the subject of slavery, Mr J. remarked that he
tbousht with the gtntlemsa from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] that alt Abolition petitions o-r.-h-, -,oJ)p re-
jected, becru-e we hive not the power to <ic' r-.i the
question. I.i the course o. h s r rnvk* he had
drop,)!-.! a sentiment in ref ierre to th  course of
some Northern m n, which. rfq--ired a liltl;- qualifi-
cation. He would t".'. however, that there are
sime men at th^ NoHi who. al'boo°h ret par-
tak.ng of th* exa'.-meat. whi.'h (>vY ni t to exist
I-ore, on the snbjtct of Atnli'ion, nevertheless
pi-es-ed it upon us in. opposition to t-: feelings of
tise South, rather tha-i com? in contse  with the
violent AbfUtionists of their own district* But,
for the purpose of testing whetrer the House was
willing to throw open the whole question for dis-
cussion, k  would cull the previous q-tcslicn.
Some conversion here followed a« to the effect
of the pjevieus question, infer ¡he Parlamentan'
lav; the Speaker deeding that, if the previous
question wa- oivered, the question mast be taken
on each amen i .o en t.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON .hen proceeded to say
that, on refkction, he would not cail the previous
question, although there were many gentlemen
around him desirous that he shoun. do so, because
he did not wish the House to ti,ke a vote on a pro-
position which would bi most injurious to ihe in-
terests of the country. He believed that if this
question should be brought up on the adoption of
the rules, after a committee should have been ap-
pointed to examine them, that would be a most
fitting time to say what alteration, if any, should
be made in them.
Mr. SLADE said he did not rise for the purpose
of continuing the debate on the merits of the ques-
tion, after so much had already been said on it.
And he was compelled to say here that so far as
related to the merits of the 21st rule, they had not
been discussed at all by those who had preceded
him. He intended to discuss the merits of the
question, but he would not now or hereafter go into
the question whether it was a measure of the last
AdminUtratioü, or of its opponents. The role,
however, was introduced against his will, and if it
wa^ to continue in foice, it would also te in oppo-
sition to his will. But he did not see that any good
could result from referring to and bringing up re-
miniscences of what had taken place on former oc-
casions on this questien. It would lead to inter-
minable debate. His opinion was, that we ought
to avoid going into a discussion of this question at
the present session. In saying this, he must do
himself the justice to say that at the proper time be
would not be found backward in discussing the me-
rits of the twenty-first rule; but he came to the
present session nf Congress deeply impressed with,
the conviction that this was not the time to agi-
tate this question; and it was his express determina-
tion not to be drawn inte a discussion of it, for the
reas ins which he would now proceed to give. This
extra session of Congress was called for several spe-
cific purposes, and among these was one to adopt
measures of relief for the embarrassed condition of
the country, lo regulate its finances to modify the
tariff, &c. And so far as his action was concerned,
he was for confining Congress to the legitimate ob-
jects for which it had assembled, and trusted that
it would make such good use of its time as to be
enabled to adjourn at no very remote period. As
he had already said, it was his intention some time
ago not to agitate this question at the present ses-
sion, and his reason for this was, that there ap-
peared in an Abolition paper, published in Vermont,
called the "Voice of Freedom," and dated April
28, 1841, a communication which he would pre-
sently read. In consequence of this, he addressed
a letter to the Editor of that paper, explanatory of
the course which he should deem it his daty to take
at the ensuing extra session of CoDgress.
Mr. S, here read the following extracts from -a
letter lately addressed to the Editor of a newspa-
per in his own Slate, explanatory of the views en-
tertained by him on this subject:
" I observe in your paper of the 24th, which has
just reacaed me, a communication from Jesse
Siedman, unging the sending of petitions to Con-
gress, at the extra session, praying for the rescind'
ing of the ' infamous 9lst rule' of the House of Re-
presentatives.
"If petitions are to be forwarded, they should not
prs.y for the rescinding of the rule, as it is not now
in existence. The rules of the last Congress ex-
pired with that Congress. None of them will have
any force or effect until revived by the action of
the next House <f Representatives. The peti-
tions should, therefore, ask that no such rule be
again adopted.
""I taue this occasion to say that I do not deem it
of any importance that petitions such as I have sug-
gested should be presented at the extra mskm It is
desirabls th.it that session should be as short as
possible—that it should be confined to the legisla-
tion rendered indispensably necessary by the finan-
cial condition of the country. That will spread
itself sufficiently to cover all the time that the Re-
presentatives will be willing to spend, or their con-
stituents will be willing to have them spend, in an
extra session, I presume that no Representative
will think of presenting at this session &ny such d««
