18
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
titions as were in covuempla&iD when the 21st rale
of thejlate fifiuse. was auopiea-, ana mat in adopt-
ing the lateTufts .Srthe extra session the 21st rule
will, by commbn"'ásnsent be topped, I do not
say that there wittUeno attempt to adc pt it at the
next regular session in December; but its friends, I
am sure, will not mina or pressing it at the extra
session, knowing, a  they mast, mat its discn sion
•will occupy'tiB),« which, the urgent necessities of the
counted <¡e«Ba d-should be otherwise appropriated;
ancb feeling assured that no necessity for it will
existiatstWsession tokeepom 'Abolition petitions.'
At the extra session in September, 1837, these peti-
tiona.>we«e wiibholden from presentation by com-
mon consent; and so I presume they will be at the
extra session ¿vhich is approaching.
"No man can hold '(he 21st rule' to be more
'infamous',lhaa I do; but 1 do not think that any
thing Will be gained by sending petition- agamst its
readoption at titp extra session. Let its opponents
reserve their strength for the regular session in
December, when, if ever, an attempt may be made
to revive it.
"Your obedient servant,
"WM. SLADE.
"Mhjdusbüry, April 28,1841."
Mr. S. proceeded to say that he had told his coa-
stituents that if Abolition petitions were to be sent
in, they should not ask the rescinding of the twen-
ty-first rule, and that petitions ought not to be pre-
sentedat the extra session of Congress, which ought
to devote itself only to the dis'pojal of the objects
for which it was convened.   He next referred to
what had been done in the House of Representa-
tives on the Abolition petitions presented  at the
extra session in 1837.   AH the petitions were laid
on the table that did not come within the meaning
and spirit of the rule.   He, however, could  not
find that he had presented a single petition at that
session.   He desired that the same course might be
pursued on this occasion, as he did  not  with to
waste any time unnecessarily in considering  other
business than that which we were specially convened
to act   upon.    It   would be perceived hom what
he had read, being a notice to his constituents of the
course he should pursue, that it was his di sire thai
there should not beany attempt made ai this se-
sión to rescind the 21st rule, and that the subject by
common consent should not be mooted    He saw
no reason why we should not act upon the ground
he had intimated.   If his friend (rom  Massaehu-
shetis was not disposed to withdraw his amend-
msnt to rescind, he (Mr. S.) would move to strike
out these words therefrum: "which is hereby re-
scinded."   And he would do so, in the first p'aee,
because he said there was an obvious impropriety
in adopting an amendment rescinding a resolution
which was not in existence.   He was really at a
loss to know why his honoiable friend should have
moved such an amendment, bfcusehe (Mr. S)
saw nothing to annul, and nothing to repeal, be-
fore the Hpus.e.   He could not see why the word
"rescind" had been used in connection wuh this
resolution.   The idea of resciuding the 2Ut rule
appeared to bim to be absurd.   It reemed to him
the majority of the House would be d^pos-d to
adopt the amendment, which would sti ike out >he
-ideaof rescinding,and ihptupon the ground .ha.
there will be no Aboh'ion petitions preso ed at this
session; or, in the secoi>d place, if ihe¡e'-hmild b",
they .would go over to the next sc_s <>i>, and there-
fore it was not necevsary to act on fie 21st rule st
all now.
Be thought the rentlerwn ír< m Ma'-jI *,d [Mr
Wm, C. JoHNSrNj viry muchraunke.i in t1;; views
he took ot,what won id be the tff.ct <r the 21s
rule. It was very true that its effect h.dbeen to
keep exctement out of this House, but n fad not
been very acceptable elsewhere. L had givui a
new direction to that excitement. And although
gentlemen rvight flatter theu>etvrs >ha' tin,  , *"a
most excellent reme<:y and panacea f >• t ., Aboli-
tion movement, yet rbey must give rim ¡ew to
d'tTer with tucm, aud say they lab. <• um'er a g ca*
m.slaSie. The excíteme-1 m<ght be rh"-k.-1 1 
that House; but it would mos' astur^l y b . ak
forth in greater strength el-cwhere. I, ■ . i . p^
sible to restrain the cxpreo-kn of ti,0 p„.,u!ar
voice.   They might, if it were pojs.ble, ,hn>w a
, V,       „'                                                                       -      "      ——
dam across the Potomac, but would that arrest the
course of ihe stream? No; the waters would turn
aside, and seek some other course, and find their
way lo the oaean in spite of all the opposi'ion of
man. Mr. S. then argued that all attempts to re-
s.rain the expression of pubUc sentiment on
the Abolition' question would be equally futile.
He urged that this question must be met sooner or
later in this country, and not as a question of phi-
lanthropy, but upon ihe finances and labor of the
country. He hoped the amendment rescinding
a' part of the rule would not be adopted, and that
the resolution would go forth as it was.
Mr. MASON of Ohio rose, not, he said, for the
purpose of participating in the debate, but to bring
forward a proposition which he would offer with
the sincere hope that it would be adopted.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
there was already an amendment to an amendment
pend'ng.
Mr. MASON expressed the hope that gentlemen
weuld withdraw their propositions to enable him to
present his^
And a suggestion was made by Mr. DAWSON
that.the gentleman should move to lay the subject
upon the table, in order that he might be enabled
to offer his proposition.
Much desuliory conversation followed on a point
of order.
Mr. SLADE modified his amendment by adding
after the words "21st rule" the words,
"And that the action of the several standing com-
mittees of this House upon all matters not em-
braced in the message of the President of the Uni-
ted State3, in his communication upon the 1st day
of June, be sus; ended until the commencement of
the annual session of Congress in December next,
and that the consideraron of all such petitions be
postponed until said session."
Mr. MASON asked that his proposition might
be read—which was, in substance, that the rules
and orders of the last Hou^e b° adopted for thf>
Government of the present House, during the pre-
sent session of Congress.
Mr. M. "aid he offered that as a compromise,
and would consider no gentleman voting upon it as
commbting him.elf in any way ia relation to the
21st rule.
After a long and very nohy discussion as to
whether this and oiher propo lions were in order,
¡he previr us question was called under the patlia-
mentarv law, and was seconded, the Spfaker hav-
ing decided that, under that law, any one member
could second the demand.
And, the previous question hiving been second-
ed, many memb rs rising for the purpose,
Mr. SLADE again modified his amendment, by
withdrawing that portion of it which excluded the
cotsideration of subjects hot includ'd in the Piesi-
deot's message, remaikwg that such an amendment
might exclude subjects wbic'i should be considered.
And, i'f er further discussions on p.ur.ts of order
and as to ih- < if ct of the previous question,
The question was 'aken by tellers, ".Shall the
main question be now put?" an 1 was decided in
the negative—>eas 75, nays94.
Si the Hou<e decued that the rain question
should no; be put.
And, under the parliamentary law. the effect <•(
thi  vote wa  to p i> the whole subjec ¡rem under
t':e con idt-ration ot loe Hoavj ior on  t'a,\
A mourn to adjourn wa; irade iiv, wahdrawn.
M'. B*?IC3S offered th<> follo.v.ug rebuten:
Reso'ved. TLat ihe srveral s an'iia^ comrai ees
of 'his House, a  provided for ai tho r„'es  of ihe
¡a«t Hon e'f RípraseítóLvís, be now  appointed
by the Speaker.
Mr V.'ISci objfev'i that the ra-oluti n rj p ed
i lie s art <>e 'ho , oles and ¡ ot .he otb r.
Mr. ttUGGrj di 1 i> it rgrca with ihe g-ndemin
in 'V.i^ view.
Mi'_B\RRARD submitted ihH his resoluinns
\ ere fit i in orde .
Mi. B fiGGS ins strd upn t>o •fo -'iit)' of
srm-itbs t'-.e usu?l ame ami opportunity to the
Splakes 'o a'lpom —moie mce.sar, n j v by rea-
i-in of" the great number of i,. w m.mbcr . Hi:
Uo| ed ih s c .dmary act of conttesv to the presiding
efficer would not be withheld;   but that the House
would adopt the resolution and adjourn over to
Monday.
Mr. WISE said the Speaker coulcj select in his
own mind the members of the several commit-
tees. And he would therefore move that ihe
House do now adjourn to meet at 11 o'clock on
Monday.
Mf. T. SMITH asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordtred, and being taken, were—yeas
60, nays 148.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sure, exhibiting the transfers of appropria-
tions made in that Department in pursuanca of
the-power vested in the President, by the act of
rVrarch 3, 1809. Laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Tne SPEAKER also laid before the House a
redort from the Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances, which is as follows:
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF THE
TREASURY ON THE FINANCES, &c.
In obedience to the directions of the act of Con-
gress of the 10th of May, 1800, supplementary to
the "Act to establish the Treasury Department, the
Secretary of the Treasury respectfully submits ihe
following report:
1.  OP THE PUBLIC REVENUE AND EXPEND1TOBES.
The receipts and expenditures for the year 1840
were as follows:
The availablu balance in the Trea-
sury on the 1st of January, 1840,
(exclusive of amount deposited
with the States, trust funds, and in-
demnities, and the amount due
from banks which failed m 1837,)
was, as appears by the books of
the Register of the Tr«a ury         §3,663,083 60
The receipts into the Treasury dur-
ng the year 1840 were, from
Customs         -        $13,499 502 17
Lands-           -            3 292,285 58
Bond of the Bank of
the United States   - 1,774,513 80
Miscellaneous and in-
cidental sources      -     283,258 23
Banks which failed in
1837          -          -    748 S29 55
Treasury notes issued 5,589,547 61
------------------25,187,736 84
Making         -           -         $23,850,820 44
The expenditures m the same year
were, for—
Civil hst, foreign mter-
cjurse^nd miscella-
neous"       -            $5,492 030 98
Military department   10,866,236 45
! Naval department         6 031,088 88
Public debt   -          -       11,962 11
Add outstanding v.ar-
rants   issued   prior
to lot Jam-ary, 1841 1,416,334 23
I Treasury    notes    rt-
i      deemed,    including
I      mteiest       -           .  4,045,802 05
I r                 u ,------------------27 863,475 41
j  Leaving  a bala c  in  tne Treasury
í      on the lstoiJa-ua.y, 1841, of    -    987,345 03
,i      The recc-pt« from t'ie 1st of Janu-
,  f.ry to the 4m oí March, 1841, veie
-Cmv)
T'orn customs            "1,974 836 46
Lr'-d'!            -           -     336.148 56
Aiiscp'ianeofis and m-
rideutal-uu.c-s      -      31,349 65
Banks which failed  in
„1827            "           -      18,000 00
Ireasury notes issued
per act of the  31st
March, 1840           - 1,110,611 08
Ireasury notes issued
under  act  of  15ih
of February, 1S41, .   673,681 32
