CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           3f
and republished m 1-^33, were $1,000,676 In
the latter period, from 1833 to ¡837, through no
actual loss íslelieved to have oeeured, yet the
Treasury and trie country sufftred inconvenience
and em arrassm«=nt f om the fiscal arrangements
wnfa lb. se numerous and disconnsc'edui'i'tMnns
But, during the forty yi ars thai the two banks of the
United State  were the dep «"tones of ¡he pub'ic
moncj and the fiscal agents of the Governs ent,
no !o-s whdtevr           sustained, nor any detay or
shy exppn^e ir cu rt4 in transmitting ot disbursing
the public money-, so far as the asency of tho e
institution-, extewkd    Tiien, as regards the wants
of the Treasury merely, the safety of  the pubhc
funds, and economy m their idmiu «trdt'on, expe-
rience has demonstra'ed the superior utility of a
bank constituted and adop'ed by Con°ress as a  i
fiscal agent.    It has >>I'o ptoved to us that .he ac-
tive bi sine s of ihe cnuitiy, i s currerry,  its cre-
dr, us indu^ti), aid us commerce, are  intimately
connected witn and depeaden' upon  the ñna.icul  '
arrangenenh, ot the Geneial Govern men*.   If they  j
be wise a id beneficent, they ^directly, but effi-
ciently, ¡romee those great interests oí lept-
ple; if constant and umiorm m their action, iney  '
give to those interests confidence and s'ab luy.
Since ue ¡emoval of th- public deposites from
the Bank of ihe United Sta'e.-,  in  1833, the G -  '
vernment has had no permanent fiscal agent and  j
no definite financial bystem.    All has been experi-
ment, transler, and change.   Trie business of the  !
country has yielded to trie unsteady impulse, and  |
moved forward with wild irregu arity; a' one time
stimulated to  excessive action, at  another sunk
into letharg/.    And, in providing for the wants of '
the Treasury, it is surely important to If ok,  aho,
to the wants and the wel are  of the community,
from the products of whoce industry 'he Treasury
is supplied,                                                                I
And as regards those great interests, we find the  I
testimony ot past }ears ¡s no less distinct and strong
in favor of a moneyed institu1 ion chattered by the  |
Gener?l Government,  and possessed of its confi-
dence and credit.    The period  embracing the last  '
ten years ot the existence  of the late Bank of the  i
United States as  the fiscal agent, is fresh m the
memory o us all, and is look d back to as a pened  Í
of great public prosperity; and though other causes  '
did, doubtle s, cc-operate to produce that favorab'e  I
condition oi things, yet one of the governing prmci- |
ple3 on which depended t¡,e s'eady advance of the
country in commerce, in industry, and m «ubstan-   '
tial wea^h, was the exisi nee of a fiscal agent e.'a-
blished by the General Government, and charged
with the equalization of exchanges, and the recula-  '
tion of the currency.                                                  I
In the present condition of our country, the re- '
lief to be anticipated from such an institution can- |
not be immediate, bu must be the work of time. I
The business of the ci un^y would, however, in the j
opinion of the under-i red, oteadily and certainly j
revive under, i*s mfluencí                                          !
la whatever point  c. 1'ght th- undersigned is
abl  to view this subject, he is inesisttbly led lo the   j
conclusion that «uch fi cm ag°at, so framed as to '
possess 'hose important tuncUons, is alike essential
to the wants of the Treasury ar ¡ of the c mmum- i
ty.    Such an institution should be fiam-d wuh de-
liberation, for it must have high duu=s to periorm,
and ex'enstv-interests o protect an-t promote; and
it should  be «¡anted with ere, for it will be liable  ,
to great and dangerous abuse .   A* the fiscal agert
ot the Government, and an effective legulator of
the currency in a wide spread community, it should
be sieady and umfo.m w its action, and fiíed aiid
stable in its character,                                               j
The undersigned has   no doubt of the power of
Congress to create s-u h an institution.   Experience '
has proved its necessity to carry out other expr-isly  |
granted powers liha  been exercised md rtcosmsrd
by tne L«;i lative and  Executive departments of
the   Government during four-fifths ot  the whole j
penid of oui   nation il ex'st. nee: aad it   has re-  j
ceived the uniform sanction oí our h'ghesi judical '
tribunal.                                                                    I
Yet that power has  been questioned  by   many
wise and pairiouc statesmen  whoie opm.ons are  .
entitled to oor'sideration aud respect; and in a mea-
sure like this, of high political import,  which, if
w.stly conceived in i cordially c menrred ¡n, mi s
have a gredt a' d enduring influene- on the prrspe-
nty of th" couflt'y, it is important, as far as possi-
ble, to tbviate obi°c ions and rtconcle opiaion.
If suca en institution can be to coiceived m
principle an! guarded in its details as "o remove all
scrup'es to"ch'ag t'"e question of con«t 'ctitmal
power, and thus avoid the objections v hich hav 
bepn urged a?anst tto-,e he'ctefire created by
Congress, <l w 11, 'n th' opin'on of 'he undersigned,
produce the hi-pust results and confer lasting and
imp rtant benefits on die country.
The unde'S'g-ed, tiVtefore, re^pecfully recom-
mends tfe ccauon of such fi ?al agent, and th*" re-
peil of th'act of Ju ' 4 h, 1840, pr vding 'for
thf col'ccUon, °afe-kejrm¡¿, tj"n fer. -md di b rse-
¡nentof tie pub'ic revenue," excer" the pe ¡al pio-
viai ins thereof, which w 11 TOoab'y rtquire revi-
sion and mod Uca> on.
AH which 's respectfully submnte^
T. EWING,
Secretary of 'he Treasury.
Treasdht Departmfsit, June 2, 1841.
Mr. WISH asked for the r«admg of certain
para« ap'ii containing an intimation that t>-e Secre-
tary cou.d furnish apian for a National B^nk,
whxch wou'd ovrcome the constitutional scruples
hitherto enterta-ned against that sort of fiscal
agent.
And, after so ne difficulty and discission on a
point of order, the extracts viere read
Mr. Wist, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury be
requested to lay before this House the plan of
"such a fiscal agent recommended in his report i f
this day as will remove all scrup'es touching the
question of cons'ituuonal power, and thus avoid
the objections which have been u-ged against tho e
fiscal agents herciofore created by Congres ;" and
that a committee of nine members be appointed to
consider and report uponsnch plan when presented
by the Secretary oí the Treasury.
Mr. EVERETT thought that we ought to have
the document printed first, that its cedents might
be examined. And he m"ved tha* the report be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it be prmted If the
appointment of ? select coma ittee should after-
wards appe?r tobe called for, n would be time
enough to sppomt it.
Mr PROFPIT asked a division of the resolution,
first on that part calling for the p'an, and secondly
on the sppomtmen of a «elect com.rut ee
Mr EVERETT submitted that his motion was
first in Older
And the SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. RA.NDOLPJI n oved that the message be
laid on the table and printed.
Mr WISE had no objection to that, but hoped
tie House would call for the plan
After som'dtsultory discussion, m wh ch Messrs.
WISE BIDLACK, and BRIGGS participate j,
T.e m-ssage was ordered to he on the table and
be punted.
The SPEAKER then dscided the resolution of
Mr  Wise .o be the next business in older.
Mr UNDERWOOD movd <Le following a« a
subsMu'e-
Hesohed, That it is necessary and nroper to cre-
ate a National Bank to act ?s the fiscal agent of
the Government, and 'o re^"al the act entitled "An
act to provide for tne collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of i.ie public revenue,"
approved July 4, 1840.
Resolved, Tridt a committee of------be appom ed
to  prep¿ie and report a bill or bills to carry into
effect the preceding resolution.
Mr U declared he had serious objections to
calhrif on the executive Deoartments to submit
plans lor legis'ation     It bad not been us-ia!.
Mr. WISE said «hat tha ver; fust movement
ever made by hi Government uocn a question oí
finaice, ?f er the Constituí' in was 'orated, was a
regular rail on Alexander Harm ton, .hen Secreta-
ry of the Treasury, for ins views or plan. So with
M'. Dallas, Mr" Crawford, and Mr Gallitm
And it was the express- constuu'ional duty of the
Fxecutive Departments to recommend measures to
Congress.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had not gone so far back
in v ha* he said. He meant to say that, m his own
exper eoce, it had not been utual to call upon the
Departments for plans of legislation, and he, for
on". \ as not willing now to set the example.
He v jsbett that a direct vote should be taken on
this proposition. He did not wish to debate it; for
twelve j i ar- it h.d been debated. If once this dis-
cussion was opened, there would be no end to it,
and he did not believe that a single vote would be
changed by it If this reso'ution should prevail,
then the committee which might be ra'sed might
call on 'he Departments or individual? for informa-
tion, or mi?ht consult suck other sources as they
m";h! tl*tnl; proper. ,He wanted the House to M-
sponu this evening to this proposition, Bank or no
BanV; Sub-Treasury or no Sub-Treasury; and thns
let "i-coi.ntry brow whether any thing was to be
exp cted at tne hands of Congrcs or not. If the
re o'ut on was decided in the negative, he s-hould
bo "idu g to go home in a week. If itwas adopted
there wju'd be abundant opportunity, when the
detail-, oí thn bill cime to be settled, for every gen-
tleman to express 1 is views. No difficulty on that
scorfneed be anticipated.
M -. WISE raised the point whether the resolu-
tion was in order.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved that the House
adjourn until Monday next, at 11 o'clock.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
And the House adjourned until Monday next, at
eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Friuay, Jane 4, 1841.
Mr SEVIER asked to be excused from serving
on the Committee on Private Land Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CLA.Ysaid he was instructed by the Cont-
ra ttee on Finance to report a bill far the repeal of
the act commonly called the Sub-Treasury law.
He would move that the reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with, and that it would be ordered to its
second reading to-day.
Mr. WRIGHT said he would prefer having the
bill read, and felt bound to give notice that he
would oppose its second reading to day.
The bill was read, and is in the following word*;
A bill to repeal the act entitled "An act to provide
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," and to pro-
vide for the punishment of embezzlers of the
public money.
Sec 1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of ihe United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That Ihe act entitled "An act
to provide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the publ.c revenue," approved
on the 4tb day of July, 1840, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; provide i, always, that, for any
offences which may have been commuted against
the provisions of the 17th section of the said act,
the offenders may be prosecuted and punished ac-
cording to those provisions—any thing herein con-
tamed to the contrary notwithstanding.
Stc 2. And be it fui thsi enacted, That, if any
officer charged with the safekeeping, transfer, or
Gi^bursemect of public moneys, or connected with
the Po«t Office Department, shall convert to his own
u e, n any w«ay whatever, or shall use by way of
investment in any kind of property or merchandise,
or shall loan, with or without interest, any portion of
the public moneys entrusted *o him for safekeeping,
disbursement, or for any other purpose, every such
act shall be deemed and adjudged to be an embez-
zlement of so much of the said moneys as shall be
thus taken, converted, invested, used, or loaned,
which is hereby declared to be a felony, and the re-
fusal to pa> over en demand any public moneys in
1 bis hand  upon the prrsen'ation of a warrant drawn
upon h m and signed by the Secretary of the Trea-
vu'y sha 1 be prima facie evidence of such conver-
sion to his own use of so much of the public mo-
n-ys as may be m ni> hand . Any officer or agent
of the United St? tes, and ail persons advising and
knowingly and willingly participating m such em-
bezzlement, upon being convicted thereof before
any court of the United States of competent jnris-
diction, shall for every such offenc  forfeit and
