be incorporated by Congress, as, in his opinion, is
best adapted to the public service
He (Mr Clay) w uld make a single remark
wiih regard to the relation wh cü he conceived ex-
isted between the public cfficcrs of the Government
and Congress. The Seert'ary of the Treasury stands
in a peculiar relation with rtgard to Congress. He
is the servant of Corigiess; and by the act of 1789,
he is required to report to Congress any plan h 
may think conducive to the pub'iC interest. His
(Mr. Cla-.'o) objpc 1.1 subm 'mg the present re-
solution.was to colaia for the consideration of Con-
gress the Secretary of the Treasury's, plan of a
United S ates Bank.
Mr. KING was desirous oe having anv definite
plan which is m contemDlat on, submitted to Con-
gress at once. Heshouli feel pleaded if this or
any other plan brought forward ty the Senator
should be such as to icconcile all parties. He
would, however, submit'j the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that, as lis otjfct is to arrive at the
plan of trie Secretary tí the Treasury, for the
purpose of submitting 1' to Congress, it w uld
be proper, in wording his resolution, to adopt
the language of 'he Secretary himself, as
found in his report, and call for the esta-
blishment of such a fiscal agent as, being free
from constitutional objections, will, m hi* opinion,
produce the happiest results, and confer lasting and
important benefits on the country.
He (Mr. King) trusted the Sena'or weald change
the language o* his resolution to that of the report
on which he says it is grounded. The language of
that repon does not call for a United Siates Bank,
it simply alludes to a fiscal agent for the manage-
ment of the public moneys of the Uai'ed States.
Mr. CLAY said the report evidently, as he
conceived, referred to a United Slates Bank, as
that fiscal agent. But if it was the desire of the
Senate to have an enlargement of the ground of
the resolution, he would have no objection,
Mr. WOODBURY tubrm'ted, that if the Sena'or
from Kentucky adopted the suggestion of the Sena-
tor irom Alabama, he would, bes dss adapting the
language of the Secretary of the Treasury, also so
shape his resolut on as to call for the report of such
atiseal agent as bhall oe fiee from tho'-o constitu-
tional objections which had heretofore been urged
against every plan suggested to Congttss. Wnat
was wanted, was a fiscal agent for the purposes of
Government, free from constitutional objections.
Mr. CLAY objected that this was merely hyper-
critical. If the plan of the Secretary of tue Trea-
sury -was not sucn as met the approbation of the
Senate, it could in its consideration be altered or
amended.
Mr. WRIGHT sad the resolution seemed to
be objectionable in, two particulars.
[Mr. Clav asked Mr. Wijoht to speak loader.]
Mr. WRIGHT reflated the remark above, and
continued. The objections were that the resolution
■was a command upon the Secretary, and mderei
him to reporta p'an tí a bank, and apiano! a
bank which should require a charter ot %ncor-
pTration by Co,i°ress, Mr. W. supposed ihe
object to be to obtain the views oí the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as to t "fiscal agent"
for the Treasury of the United Sta es, whether it
should be a bank, or other fiscal pgent, and if that
was the object, he cou'd net 'htnk it prop r to con-
fine the d scretiou and the reply of ti e Secret «ry
upon these two important points. The Senate
could not say that die plan of tbe Secretary would
be a bank at ad, or if a bank, tb-t it wo mI be such
a bank as would require a charter of incorpo-
ration irom Congies'. We snould not theiefore
control his discretion, and the report he may
make upon these two pjints- while me honorable
mover would admit that, if tne resolution shruld
be passed in its present torra, the Secretary would
be compelled to report the plan of a b ink, and ot
such a Dank as should require mcorpjiation by a
law of Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator from Ken-
tucky bad cxpie-sed his conviction that a plan
would be submitted by he Sscretary of the Trea-
sury that would give general satisfaction, and re-
concile all partie . Why not, for the purpose of
enabling the Secretary to do this, give mm the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ex'ent of ground euil raced in his mn  language?
I Let him have the largest possible tece, c*nd give
1 him room to leport a fiscal agent, such as he him-
' self says is neceasen'.    He hoped, if the Senator
from Kentucky wou'd not to modify h s i<\.jlati' n,
some Senator would  move fa amencaiost to mat
effect.
Mr. RIVES was in favor of obtaining from the
Secretaiy o* die Treasury a report of a fiscal fgent
whteu wou>d be fee from cons'itutional objec-
tions; and fucb. he untie's'ood was the object of the
resolution. He would b  eifemeiy obliged to the
Senior from Kentucky to to modily his resolution
as to suggest 1111.- Secrfaty of theTreasuiy ti,re
port a plan of a "fl ca! agent," and svoid the am-
biguity rhich might ar ¿e horn tlu 01131  al wd-
 ng of it
Mr. CL?Y. I nope the gentleman wAl write
the modiÍKauuP. himself.
Mr. RIVES saw he would do so; and sat down
to write it
Mr. CLAY said he would ba glad to adopt at^y
suggestion which would enable them to ob'am
I from the Secretary of the Treasury sucii a plan of
a P<cal agent as would be ftee from constitution.il
objections. In naming a United States Bank, he
hed done so m contoimtty with the tenor and
meaning of the Secretary'-, report.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed his anx'ety to ob-
tain a view of this fiscal agent, of which to omen
had been said, and which was to rec ncile confi cl-
ing opinions.    Tne political millenium, he sup-
posed, was at hand, and the lion was to ne down
with the iamb     This great regulator, let it be call-
ed what it migh',ii it is to havP tho powei  to
discount notes,  issus paper,  and buy exclaoge,
whether   located   in   tne   Dis'nct   of Columbia,
or in Wall stree', New  Yoik,  will   sull he no-
I thing   but   another   United  States Bank in fact.
He and those who hpve heretofore objected to that
I institution,   will   object   to   this.    He   was   in-
I clnied 10 th'nk that if the resolut on   was adopted,
1 it would lea"e the matter in iloj'ot whether a Bank
J or a fiscal yjent was called foi.    He should there-
| f^re be m favor rf ha.'ing that p.isnt defined.
,     Mr RIVES th-n subm'tted h>s proposedamend-
I mert m the tollón in? word-
i     Strike out all after the word '-practicable," and
insert, "the ylan of such a fiscal agent as, be¡. g
free from conjtitu'ional objections, will, in  his
opinion, produce ths happiest results,  and confer
lasting end important benefits on the country."
Mr CLAY said be was sorry he could not vote
for it, but if placed m the alternative, "bank or
fiscal agent," he bad no objection to so modi'ymg
his resolution.
Mr, RÍVES acqu'esced, aid his amendment was
so modified.
Mr BENTON hoped the resolution as thus mo-
dified would nov be read.
Tbe resolution with this alteration was read as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dire^ied to commar i.ate to the Senate, with as lit-
tle del«y as po s bi , the plan of such a Bank or
fiscal anient, as being tree of consti'ut'onal obj=c-
tn ns, will, m his op nion, produce the h ppiekt re-
sults, ai> 1 confer lasting and important bsne&ts on
the country.
Mr. CALHOUN was satisfied to let the rev hi-
t'on f,o w iu< this a' era i n, althoug' he had at fir-t
oeen in favor of mcdil .ingit, simply to ca1' oa the
Secie i'y of t .e T'rea'-ury to repo-t a  fi^al agent.   |
Mr. BENTON ea'd he c<d not like the r-su'u-
tion, even as now amended The wording, both
before and now, seemed to be precisely as ,f calling
tor a roport of such a Bank as would "promote the
general welfaic," inste n of a fiscal aaem for tbe
receiving, maua0c jent, and disbursement of the
pubi c monev.
Mi. CLAY «aid he adopted the amendment.
Tbe question was then taken on the resoiuttoa as
amended, and it was agteeu to.
Mr. BtCNTOS said he had offered several reso-
lutions some days since, wh'ch were laid on the
table at the suggestion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. He would ask ¡hat they might now be ta-
ken up.
__________________~       '   23
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to lay ihemon the
table.
Mr. KING said they could not be laid on. the
table until they were taken up and before the Se-
nate.                                                              ,a
REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT TREASURE.
Tne bill reported yesterday trom the Finance
Committee, to renca! the Sub-Treasury law, Hav-
ing come up as the order of the day, it was read a
second timt, when                                          (
Mr CLAY rose and observed that he had only
a word or two to offer by way of explanation on
the provisions of the bill, and on the consequences
wmch wou'd result from its passage into a law*.
The first section contained the repeal of the
Sub-Treasury act. Should that repeal take plfjee,
the &tat of the Treasury, or rather the state of the
finance^ ot the country, would lie ihr-: ltwonjjlbe
unaei the opera ¡on of the law cf 1789 establish-
ing the Vreasury Department, under the resolu-
tions oí 1816 as te the medium receivable in pay-
ment of the pubhedues; and under the law of lé36
es ablishipg what was fam iiatly called the pet-
bank system; (but this last law Mr. C. proposed by
an amendment to repeal.)
The second section of the bill contained the re-
enactment of one of the sections of the existing
Sub-Treasury law with a slight alteration adapting
its provisions to the present changed state of the
country, and containing a new principle. Under
the law as it before stood, embezzlement oí the t
public money was made felony; but in its
practical application a difficulty arose. A
public officer neglected to pay over at the
proper time the balance m his hands; a de-
mand of the money was made by Government,
and the ofheer refused, and the question arose
whether, in such case, the officer could or could
not be prosecuted for embezzlement? To obviate
this difncul y hereafter, the present bill provided
that the refusal of an officer under such demand
shall be held to be prima fade evidence of embez-
zlement, and unless the individual shall be able
clear'y to show that tbe refusal was unaccompa-
nied Dy any unlawful mteat, be shall be subject to
a'l the penalties provided in another part of the
bill against those who embezzle the public pro-
perty.
Mr. C. went on to observe that should the bill
pass in its form as reported, the consequence would
be the revival of the act of 1836, eitabhshmg the
S,ate bank system. He supposed, however, there
was no disposition on any side of the House to re-
vive that system—a system which had been found
m practice so vp*y inconvenient, and which would
now ds stilt more so trom the cnanged circura
stances of the country and of the banks. By that
law the Secretary was prohibited from makjng'a.ny
deposite of the public money in any bank which
did not pay epecie on demand, and also in. any
bank is-uing promissory netes under the denomi-
nation of five dollars; a prohibition which, jfim-
foreed at this time, would exclude bim from a large
majority of the banks of the who'e country. Mr.
C. said he did not introduce a section repealing the
act of 1836, because he cherished the confident
hope that should the o>U pass into a law, it would
speedily be followed by another bill providing for a
Bank cf the United States, or for some competent
fiscal agent, such as should furnish to the people
that wi ich, of all things, they now wanted most, a
sound and uniform currency. It might, however,
by possibuty, happen, though he could scarcely an-
ticipate such a thing as in the least likely to occur,
taat no such bill might be passed, or, at least, r-ot
ior a month or six weeks perhaps, during which in-
ternal this law of 1836, commg up in revived force,
miaht operate exceedingly to embarrass the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in conducting the fiscal ope-
rations of the Government. With a view to avoid
b-tti con'mgencies, viz either of no bill's passing,
or of its passage being delayed, Mr. C. had pre-
prepare 1 an amendment to come in as a third sec-
tion of the bill in the words following:
Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That all of the act entitled
"An act to regulate the deposi'es of the public mo-
ney," which passed on the 23d June, 1836, except
the 13th and 14 h sections th-reof, and the* act sup-
plementary thereto, approved 4th July, 1836, entt-
