CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             27
*iou, have a tendency to create disquiet and jea-
lousy, and ought therefore to receive no encourage-
ment or countenance from this Houss ' "
The yeas and nays were called, when 85 mem-
bers voted in the affirmative and 1 in the nega-
tive. T<-e names uf those in the affirmative are as
follow!
"Alston, Baer, Baile), Bartlett, Bayard, Bird,
Bishop, Brace, J„bn Brown, Rjtert Brown,
Chatnplin, Christie, Clay, Claiborne, Condif, Dana,
John Davenport, Franklin Davenport, Davis,
Dawson, Dennis, Dent, Edmond, Eigleston, El-
mendorf, Evans, Abiel Fos'er, Dwight Foster, Fow-
ler, Freeman, Gallatin, Glenn, Goode, Chauncey
Goodrich, Elizur Goodrich, Gordon, Gray, Gregir,
Gnswold, Grove, Hanna, Harper, Heister, Hen-
derson, Kill, Holmes, Huger, Imlay, Jacksrn,
Jones, lútchell, Henry Lee, Silas Lee, Macon,
Marshall, Morris, New, Nicholas, Nicholson,
Nott, O is, Page, PatKe, Piatt, Powell, Randolph,
Reed, Ruiledge, SewaP, bnep\rd, S anfor i, Stone,
Sumter, Ta ¡aferró, Joha Chew Thomas K < h«rd
Thomas, Tnomp on, Tí eg, "Van Coulmd, Wada-
worth, Wain, Bobett Williams, L> wuel Wi -
hams, and Woods.
"In th-1 negative: George Tna'coer "
And (conctudeu  Mr W ) I  hope  ill re wi'l be
found but one  name in  mis IIou e central ctiug
this resolution ot o^-r  fdtheis.    Let the example
be now a  it was then.
Mr. AD\MS.    And the mountain  is deliverel
of its mojse.                                                              i
Mr. AD ^MS rose and aaJrcssel th  House ¡n
a speech of great length, iu wh ch he went li lly '
into the menti of the questio i before the Heu<e,
replying to observations made in pr vious debate
by Messr . Wisi. and Johsson of MiryUnd, and
staling and de endi g h'so-vn posi'ion m lespect |
to it.
Mi. A concluded by adopting  the amendment  'i
proposed by Mr Slade, as an amendment of bis
own proposition.                                                       "
Mr. KING followed, and, with maci earnest i|
ness, proceeded to cenfovert the posmons assumed i
by Mr Adams He denied tPdt Congies-hadany ,
right to mterfer" vn'h the ntiuiioiiof -iavary'n |
the District of Columba or elsewheie Sjca be- |
ing the ease, he aigued 'hat i' was not the duty of I
Congress to receive petit.ons, when ir did no' pos- |
sess the power .to legislit" up n the.i, It /as due
to the country, there'ore, to rej xi A10I1 ion peti- j
tion<¡, as impolitic, unholy, and seduous                     I
Mr FILLMORE said that we h<u now been ,
eight days attempt ng to organize this House aid |.
the eighth day was almost brought to a close.            ¡\
It would be recollected that  this was a special  .
session of Congress, convened for certain specific |
objects; and v Hist he admitted  that the question
wmch I ad incidentally bei n brcueLt under discus- i
sion here was one of gtea' importance both 10 the  I
Nonh and the South,, yet, with all dje deference to
those gentlemen who bad tnought proper to tak^.
part in this discussion, or who hereafter may think
proper, he begeed leave to say that this was not tbe
proper time.  He begged leave to say, at all events,
as a proposition was only to adopt the retes of ihe
last House for a 1 ratted time, till thev coula or-
ganize the  House and revise  them, it was not
worm whde now, when the dog  dajs were ap-
proacawg, to was'e the time of this  Hou-e and
disappoint the hopes of this nation br going i ito
an investigation ot a mere abstraction, for upon
both sides—upon all sides—it wat admitted that
this was all that could be got At this time.
If he had understood the decision or the Speak-
er heretofore given, he (Mr F) nought Ural no
part of the House could complain if the question
were now put. If tie was right, the Sfühkei hid
deeded that ibe amendment pro} o ed b/ 'be gen-
tleman from, Massachusetts (\ti Adams) aa modi-
fied, wouid be the first qjestion to be voied on, and
then ci ne the propositi in to adopt the rul"S for a
limited lime, ?nd to refer these rules to a commit-
tee to report ihereon for a revisi n.
The SPE VKCR said the gentleman had correct
ly understood the decisun of the Chair
Mr. FILLMORE res m d This gives to ^very
member of the Heu-e, whether for or against the
21st rule, an oppoitunity ot recording his vote for
or against it. And althotjgh I corfess, as an ind -
vidual, that there ha/e b"en iorne rem?rks made,
especia ly b> the gentleman fro u Georgia, (Mr.
King,) of defiance and of threat, whifh rea'ly
called up a iVel ng tha it was difficult to repress,
yet, m view of t,ie great and important objects for
which Congress has assembled, it see«r>s to me that
I am bound to forego any attempt at reply; it
seems to sa thai I am bound to offer oa the aliar
of my ci un ry any 1. el ng which I may enterlatu,
and wait foi a more appr ipnate season for discus-
sion. I, therefore, do what I seldom have done, and
what I d® with great reluctance—I move the pre-
vious question, for th  purpose of brmgine the dis-
cussion to a close and of organizing the House for
busme«s
And the call for 'he rreviovs question was se-
conded, (accor< njto tne rule of parliamentary law )
Mr. SL&PB moved a call of tbe House.
Mr W. C JOHNSON rose to a point of orde,.
But, btfore sUura; i', tie w<Ud suggest to the
gem eman from No v Y irk, [Mr Fillmore,] that
perh?ps the object he had in view would be ob-
tained 8 s well if he would move to lav the «hole
s„bj°ot oí h table. He btlieved that, in sucha
mo'K n, ti.f 5, ntlt ii n could carry th'' House wnh
Vi«a and tiei a re=o'uuoii m ght be moved (and
the previ is que' i >n ca"ej uroo it) that the
House woal' a^opt tne ral«sof "ha list Congi ss
uatd o h i wise ordered lie (Mr J ) would voie
for he'h ihesepropociuois Th>^ coisequence would
be that tbe House wouldg^ndcf h>quest.on; that
u wonld adopt the rules of tne lasi House asthi.
ru'es oí this, and ii «voai ' Uius be in the power of
iht- HiUse a* .<ny time o change or uodily thoso
■•ale , or to appom* a selec coniin tiee fer thei're-
viví í>
Mr FILLMORE wou'd i trnrk, wi*h al' due
respect to th > ge¡ t eman iron Maryland [Mr. John-
son,] that the adoption of ihe course suggested
would defeat the very ooject he (Mr. F ) had m
view, wbch was to enaole every member to vote
acctrding to his . vnju «men .
Mr W C JOHNSON ad he had understood
the Chair to dc ■'e tbri und°r the paiiiamentary
law the piesious qu --t>o^ "valdfas' attach to^e
amendini^t c* the gent'eman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ad^ms ] as modified by the acceptance of
the ameiiaPieotoi the   gentleman 'rom  Veiinosit,
[VÍ'. SLADt ]
TheSPEiKERsHid tbe previous qoaslion at-
tached to ad the amendment, pendire pt the time
it wsj cllel
Mr INGERSOLL \ as vndentrod to suggest
to 'he Hoi'se tat, ua'er the dcci ion of ihe
Sp^ake-, the previous que t en was open io de-
ba e, and that thus tbe whole subject m ght be dis-
CUvS&d«
Mr. BRIGGS submitte 1 that the Speaker cer-
tainly could not have made such a decision.
The SPEAKER said he had no.. He bad mere-
ly de<-iJ°d tnat tbe propriety of the piev ous que -
tion vías debatible
Mr MALLORV move1 that tbe House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN asked the teas and nav ; which
were ordered, <ind, being t?ken, we.e—yeas 66,
nays 149
So the House lefused to a< journ
At the request of Mr. WISE,
TneSPEIKER sia'"d the e>act portion of the
qites'ion
Whtretir-on M-. SLADE withdrew his mo tic n
that theie bs a call of th  House
ix d the qies'ion then recurred on ordering the
mam question
Mr. W. C. JOHHaON mqu ted ef the Chair
\\ne Per, if t^e amenlme it were adopted, Abolition
petitnus toou i4 no be reciived 1 v the House.
I'ne SPEAKER If w.'I strikeout the 11-' rule
from tbp ruUs o  ibe Huose
Mi. JOHilíSOX And thus 'et in Abolition pe-
tit ons
Mr REV^HPR a ked tL" \ 'as and najs on
orPe m? ih« mam qtie^ior; \v ich were ordered,
and, be ng aken, were— e is 132, najs 89
So the Jouse deci 'td that tl e ma.n question
should be now tak n
And the SPEAKER having announced tbe mam
question to be on the modified amendment of Mr.
Adams—
Mr. DAWSON rose to dissent from the decision
of the Chair, and contended that the mam. question
was on the proposition of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] and that it never could be on
the amendment. By our rules, it was true, it had
been dec ded that tbe main question should be on
the amendment; but that question had been settled
otherwise by the parliamentary law. Mr. D. sup-
ported his position by reference to that law, page
66, &c.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of the Speaker
whether an appeal had been taken from- his de-
cís  on^
The SPEAKER replied that be so understood.
Mr. TILLLNGHAST submitted that the very
authority wmch the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] had read in support of his own views,
sustained d stmotly the decision of the Chair.
Mi FILLMORE said that the proposition had
been expressly stated to the House, before the mam
question was ordered, as being on the amendment
o* the gent leman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams ]
He (Mr F ) hoped ths gent'eman would withdraw
his appeal
Mr DAWSON satd be had not taken an appeal
from tne decision of the Chair.
Mr. GILMER contended that some gentlemen
had voted under a misapprehension as to what the
main question was.
The question was then stated to be on the modi-
fied amcuumcnt of Mr Adams, to strike out the
words, ' except the 21s' rule "
Mr OLIVER inquired of the Speaker in what
condition tbe mam question would stand before
thi House, in cave the motion upon the amend-
ment moved by iht gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr Adams] fhouid be sustained? Mr. 0. was
utterly disinclined to vote for any proposition that
would open the doot, at this extra session, for the
discussion of the Abo'ition docrmes of the day.
He was opposed to slavery, but could not consent
to ch?nge the present rules, or rather the ra'es of
the bst session, for it wou d lead to profitless dis-
cussions, and, besides, the busine*s for which tbe
representatives of the people were assembled would
bewhol'y neglected He, therefore, should vote
aga nst the proposition to amend, until the report
of 'he commitke shoull be submitted for the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr W 0 JOHNSONinqmredifamotion to lay
the v.holc subject on the table would now be in or-
der.
1 >,p S¡ ej.^er "aid it wou'd not.
(Cries of "Question, question," "let  it come,
let it come ")
Mi. SLADE asked the yeas and nays on tbe
adoption ot the amendment, whirh were ordered,
and, being taken, wtie >s follows
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Aben, S. J. Andrews,
Aycngg, Bibcock, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Birds-
eye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Bowne,
Brewstei, Bnpgs, Brockway, Bronson, Charles
Broi'n, Joi^miah Blown,Bumell, Calhoun, Childs,
Chutenáen, J. C Claik.Staley N. Clarke, Clinton,
Co«er, Cranio.), Cravens,Cashing, R. D. Davis,
D.rnec¿, Doig, Eabert, Everett Ferris, Fessenden,
Fillmore, J G Floyd, C A Floyd, Fornance, A.
L. F, ster, Gate , G i'dmgs, Patrick G Goode,
Gordon, G ei?, Gustine, Hall, Halsiead, William
S. Ha  ing-, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, la-
gers 1! James Irvm, Wm. W. Iiwm, James, An-
drew Kerned), Lane, Lawrence. Lmn, Littlefield,
Lowell, Kiber. McClelUn, McKeon. Marchand,
A. viarsh'il, Metbiot, Mattocks, Mrxwell, May-
naH, Morgan, Morrow, Osborne, Parmenter, Par-
tridg , Pendifton, Plainer, Ramsay, Beoj. Ran-
dall, Alex Randal1, Rardolph, Buigway, Roose-
velt, Kuw.ll, SaltoDstj.lt, San ord, Seigeant, Si-
modon S'ade, Sra.tb, Sn>der, Sti keley, S'ratton,
S ua t, R W. Thonpscn Tillingha<t, Toland,
Tom nson, Trampal I, Underwood, Van Buren,
Van Rens*elaei, Wallace, Tr-om- W. Williams,
W i.thtop, Yon e, Augusta.  Young, Jchn Young
—1(2
HAYS—-Messrs. Alford, L. W. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Au.ngton, A'berton, Bai'on, B^dlaek, Boyd,
Aaron V Brown, Milton Browa, Bmke, William
