28
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Buüer, William O. Butler. Giean W. Caldwell, P.
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Camp-
bell, Thomas J. Campbell, Camihers, Cary, Chap-
man, Clifford, Coles, Daniel, G. Davis, Wm. C.
Dawson, John B. Dawson, Dean, Deberry, East-
man, J. C. Edward?, Thomas A. FoMer, Gamble,
Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, Wm. 0. Good?,
Graham, Green.Habersham, Harris, Houck,Hays,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Hun'er, Jack, Wm.
C. Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac B. Jones, Keim,
J. P. Kennedy, King, A. McClellan, McKay, Mat-
lory, T. F. Marshall, Sams.on Mason, J T. Mason,
Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Moore, Neward, Nis-
bet, Oliver, Owsley, Pearce, Pickens, Pope, Powell,
Profit, Rayner, Reding, Reccher, Rhett, Rig?,s,
Rodney, Rogers, Saunders, Shaw, Shepherd, Sel-
lers, S anly, Steenrod, Summers, Sumter, Talia-
ferro, John B. Thompson, Tnplett,Tumey, Ward,
Warren, Washington, Waterson, Vt'estbro^k,
James W. Williams, Lewis Wil'iams, Chnsiopher
H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, and
Wood—104.
So the amendment, as modified, was adopted.
The question then recurred en the adt ption of
the resolution of Mr. Wise, as thus amended.
Mr. WISE, after remarking that, under the par-
liamentary law, the pievious question applied only
to the amendments, proceeded to say tha' he was
constrained now to vote against the resolu'ion, be-
cause it was his desire to despatch business; and
he was satisfied that if this rule were taken away,
and if a flood of Abolition petitions should he
poured in upon us as heretofore, we should do no-
thing else upon petition day but discuss Abolition
etitions. There were various steps yet to be ta-
ken in resis'ing this movement. The vote (Mr.
W. was understood to say) was too striking for
him not to admit lhat there was a majority in this
House in favor of receiving Ihese petitions. He
gave notice that it would be his object to move to
lay the question of reception on the tabic. He
would not, dared not, yield one inch of ground ever
occupied by ike South on this question; and, there-
fore, he moved to lay the resolution, as amended,
on the table.
A motion was then made to adjourn, on which
the yeas and nays were oulcred, and, being taken,
were—yeas 85, nays 126.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and said that, when he
had said a few words as lo laying the subject on
the table, he had nut underMood what the decision
of the Speaker as to the main question was He
now understood the Spkakkr to have decided that
the main question was limited in effect to ihe
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Was it so'
The SPEAKER said it was-.
Mr. FILLMORE. That being the ca.«e, without
stopping to inquire whether the Chair is right or
wrong, I deem it a shorter mode of arriving at the
object I have in view to move the previous ques-
tion again on the main proposition. And I sub-
mit that that motion, under the parliamentary law,
takes precedence of a motion lo lay on the table.
And I submit it to the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] that it h impossible to place this
question in a shape where it win better enable the
members of ihe Hou^e on all sides to express their
opinions by their votes than as it now .--lands. 1
submit whether it would not be better to go on
and take the vote on the main question, and thus
at once proceed to business.
Mr. WISE suggested that if it was true, as the
gentleman had stated, that the motion for the pre-
vious question superseded the motion to lay on the
table, there was no necessity for submission to him.
On this question of abolition petitions he conceded
nothing, he yielded uohin"; hs knew what obdu-
racy would do, andhewüs taught to know what he
was to expe-t.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the Chair to decido which
of the two motions had piecedcnee.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion for
the previous question had precedence.
And the demand for the previous ques:ion was
then seconded. *
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
■Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved an ad-
journment. Many gentlemen appealed to hra to
withdraw the motion, as the majority were obvious-
ly determined to act on the subject this day. Mr.
C. said, he could not withdraw the motion, that
his object was, in making it, to postpone the further
consideration of the question, 10 allow the other
members of the delega'ion from Alabama, who are
doubtless on their way, and hourly expected here,
to vote on a proposition so deeply interesting to
Alabama and the whole South. If the majority are
determined !o carry this measure, so eminently af-
fecting the people of the slavehoMing States, in the
abserce of an important portion of the Representa-
tives from that part of the Union, and when they
are hourly looked fur, they must do it; but he, Mr.
C. was resolved to do his duty by making an effort
to postpone the vote until their arrival.
Mr. ANDREWS a'-ked the yeas an 1 nays,
which were ordered, and lemg taken weie: Yeas
91, cays 102.
So the Hou^e refused to adjourn.
And the question lecturing on the adoption of
the resolution of Mr. Wise, as amended—
Mr. W. asked the yeas and nays, which'were or-
dered.
After some conversation on a question of order—
Mr. RENCHER asked a (hvi'ton of the qjei-
tion on the resolution, the first division to embrace
so much as applied to all the rules of the last
"House, and the second so much as related to the
21st rule.
The SPEAKER said tha , under the parliamen-
tary law, the question was not divisible.
And the main question (being on the resolution
of Mr. Wise, a* amer.ded,) was then taken, and
decided in the affirmative: Yi>a.s 125, nays 91.
So the íesolution, as amended was adopted.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that th<? House now lake
up the resolution here'ofore offered by him, in re-
lation to the appointment of standing committees
Mr. WISE submitted to ths Speaker that the
business fir.it In order was the unfinished business
of Thursday ¡a.-,t, to wit: the resolution of Mr. W.
calling on the S'cretary of ihe Treasury for his
plan of a fiscal agency which would obviate consti-
tional objeción*, &c. and providing for the ap-
pointment of a select committee of cine members
thereon; (with the substitute proposed by Mr. Un-
derwood, and the question oí order raised in rela-
tion to it )
Mr. W. modified his proposition by withdraw-
ing so much thereof as provided i'or the appoint-
ment of a select committee.
A discussion, directed to the priority of business,
took place, in which Messrs. BRIGGS, WISE,
EVERETT, and UNDERWOOD participated;
(Messrs. BRIGGS and EVERETT contending
that the teoltition as to the appointment of the
committees was tntitl'd to priority, because it had
reference to the organization of the House )
The discussion was brought to a close by a mo-
tion submitted bv Mr. TRIPLETT to lay the reso-
lution of Mr. Wise, with the amendment or sub-
stitute of Mr. Underwood, on the table; which
motion prevailina,
The whole subject was laid on the table.
A motion to adjourn was made and withdrawn.
The resolution of Mr. Bateas then came up in
the order of business; it is in th" following words:
Scolvd, That the several standing committees
of this House, as provided for in the rules of the
last House of Representatives, be now appointed
by the Sneaker.
Mr. SERGEANT moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding thereto the words, "and that a select
committee of nine members be appointed on the
subject of the currency, and the establishment of a
suitable fiscal ageney capable of addi:ig increased
facilities in the collection and disbursement of the
public revenues, and rendsring their custody more
secure."
Mr. BRIGGS accepted this as a modification of
his resolution.
And the qaestion being on the resolution as thus
modified—                                                     .
Mr. PROFFIT inquired if it was customary to
legislate en a subject which was not even in em-
bryo?   Was it proper and customary to call upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for plan- 1 He was
willing to do so, and when it should come in, he
was willing to refer it to the Committee of Ways
and Means, if that committee should be so .organ-
ized as to suit his views, or, not being so, to a se-
lect committee. But he pretested at this time
agsinst any gent'eman assuming, Without delibera-
tion or consultation with the body of Whig mem-
bers, to know what the wishes of that party were.
Let them hold a consultation among themselves;
let them see the plan, and then they could decide
whether it should go to a Committee of the Whole,
to the Committee of Ways and Mean--, or to a
standing committee. For his own part, he would
act upon nosubjeet without first knowing what the
views of the nr;j >rity were.
Mr. STANLV moved the previous question on
the resolution.
Mr. McKEON asked a division of the resolution;
first on the appointment of the standing commit-
t e<, and then ua the appointment of a select com-
mittee.
And the division was ordered.
The demand for the previous question was se-
conded, ami the mam question was ordered to be
now taken.
And the first branch of the main question, to
wi': on the appointment oí the standing commit-
tees, was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
So the first branch of the resolution was adopt-
ed; and the standing committees were ordered to
be appointed by the Speaker.
Mr. McKEON asked the yeas and nays on the
second branch of the main question, to wit: on the
appointment of a select committee, which were or-
dered, and, being taken, were, yeas 125, nays 90,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Allen, Landaff
W. Andrew , Snerloek J. Andrews, Arnold,
Aycrigg, Babcoek, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birds-
eye, B;air, Boardman, Borden, Bott;, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, William B. Campbell,
Thomas J. Campbell, Caruihers, Childs, Chitten-
den, Jehu C. Clark, Staiey N. Clarke, Cowen,
Cianstor,, Cravens, Cnshing, Garrett Davis, Wil-
liam CDawson,Deberry, Ftsser.den,Fil!more,A.L.
Foster, Gambl", Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmer,
Crcg<in, Patrick G. Goode, Graham, Green, Greig,
Hal!, Halsted, William S. Hastings, Henry, How-
ard, Hudson, Hunt, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, James, Willipm Cost Johnson, Isaac B.
Jones, J. P. Kennedy ,Kii)g, Lane, Lawrence, Linn,
Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Majnard, Moore, Morgan,
Morris, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne, Owsley,
Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Ray-
ner, Kencher, Ridgway, Rodney, Russell, Salton-
stail, Seigeatit, Shepperd, Simonton, Slade, Smith,
Stanly, Stokeley, Stratton, Stuart, Summers, Ta-
liaferro, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Tilltnghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplet!,
Trumbull, underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Warren, Washington, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Christopher H. WiHiams, Joseph
L. Williams, Wimhrop, Wise, Yorke, Augustus
Young, and John Young—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Arlington, Atherton, Beeson,
B;dlack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown,
Charles Brown, Burke, William 0. Butler, Green
W. Caldwell, Pa'rick C. Caldwell, John Campbell,
Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Uoles, Daniel^
Richard D. Djvis, John B. Dawson, Dean, Di-
mock, Doig, Eistman, John C. Edwards, Egbert,
Everett, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd,
Fornance, Gerry, Wil'iam O. Goode, Gordon,
Gustme, Habersham, II mis, John Hastings,
Houck, Hays, Holmes, Hopk.ns, Hubbard, Hun-
tor, Jngersoll, Jack, Cave J.-hnson, John W.
Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lui'f field, Lowell,
AVaham McCiellan, Robert McClellan, McKay',
MeKeon, Mdiory, Marchand, Alired Marshall,
John Thompson Masoo, Medill, Meiiwether, Miller,
Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Partridge, Pickens,
Plumer, Pioffit, Reding, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Snyder,
Steenrod, Sumter, Turney, Van  Buren,   Ward,
