CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
atd D.Davis, Birdeeye, Gamble, Stewart, Gross,
Juhn B. Dawson, Turney, Gordon.
On Manufactures.—Messrs. Saltonstall, Ran-
dolph, Greig, Henry, Sla.e, Tillinghast, Nisbet,
Alfred Marshal!, Ea unan.
Oa Agriculture.—Mf?.'"-. Debefy, Ridgway,
Simonton, Do g, A. McClellan, Arnngton, Mat-
tock?, Shew, John Hastings.
On Indian Jlffuin —Messrs. Adams, Cooper,
Barton, Widiam B. Campbell, ¡Meriwether,
Chittenden, Shepperd, Wm. Bu'ler of South Ca-
rolina, Bidlaok,
On. Military affairs.—Messrs. W. C. Dawson,
Wallace, Caruthers, Pendleton, Goggin, Van
Rensselaer, W. 0. Butler of Kentucky, Samter,
Miller.
On the Militia.—Messrs. Keim, Triple , Coles,
Stokeley, Ward, Weller, Sweney, Lowell, Samp-
son H. Buft-r.
On Navai Affairs.—Messrs. Wise, Stanly, G. Da-
vis, Thomas W. Williams, K.ng, Burnell, 'Fessen-
den, Mal'sry, Clifford.
On Foreign affairs —Messrs. Owning, Everett,
Hunt, John. G. C.ark, Allen, Proiiit, Rhett, Hun-
ter, Ferris.
On Territories —Messrs. Pope, O. W. Will am?,
Solleis, Maynaid, Hajs, Gates, Green W. Cald-
well, Daniel, Dean.
On Revolutionary Pensions.—IVIe-srs. Taliaferro,
Rodney, Lane, L. "/. Andrews, Mathews, S. N.
Clarke, Babcoek, G. A. Floyd, Fon.ance.
0.x Invalid Pensions—Messrs. Monis, Aycrigsr,
John Edwards of Pennsylvania, Gerry, Gordon,
Hubbard,  Dean, otratten, Qm-tine.
On Roads and Canals.— v!ec-sis. Lawrence, Jos.
L. White, Baardraan, She:lock J. Andrews, John
B. Thompson, John Your.g, Steenrod, W. W. Ir-
wm, Beesoi,
On Patents —Messrs. Osborne,Cranston, Plumor,
Ramsey, Karford.
On the Public B'tVdirgs a'lO Grounds —Messrs.
Boardman, A. Young, Cranston, S. S. Bowne,
Wood.
On Revisa', and U%ñni:l-ei Bwiness—Messrs.
Jame?, Straiten, Divaock, Jack, Charles A.
Fioyd.
On accounts.—M-vsrs. "Salter, L. W. Andrews,
Marchand, J. G. Floyd, York?.
Oi Mileage —Me=«r,!. Thomas 1'/. Williams, P.
C. CaldweO C. Ed'.v-rd-% Westbrook, Esbert.
On Expenditures « the Slate D:paHment—Messrs.
Van Buren,  Hi'dsoD,  Oliver',   Brockway,  W. S.
Hastings
Oil the Expen 'itures of the Treasury Department.
—Messrs. McKeon, i?a'iuua Ma'.xn, Partridge,
Isaac D. Jones, J, hvm.
On Expenditures in the War D'partm°ni—Messrs.
McKay, 'i'omhnson, Newharj, Aiiord, Brock-
way.
On Expenditures in ÜieN'^vij Department—Messrs.
York?, S:m< nton, B ípien, 8tc;iart, Green.
On Expifid fares in t'io Post Office Department.
—Messrs. Lowell, Morgan, Washington, Boyd,
Lane.
On Expenditures ca ike FvHh BuV¿in;s —Messrs.
Cave Johnson, Gat s B die -k, S'okely, Houck.
Committee on. Cvrren-.y —Messrs Sergeant,
Adams, Pope, W. n Johnson, W. C. Dawson,
Botts, McKay, McKcon, Rhea.
Mr, GRUiiM, in pursuance of notice given en
the second day of the present se slon, a^ked leave
to introduce a Ml to rep.nl the act providing for
the collection, saic-keepiiie, and disbursement of
the publ'c revti'Uc—-k'iown f.s ¡he independent
Treasury law.
' Mr. WELLER objected.
Mr. BRÍGGS saidtnat the Reuse had jestorday
adopted a special order to proceed to the ek-c-'ion
of its officers. He hoped the Hovic would execute
its order.
The SPEAKER said tbmhit was the orJei of
business, and thai the unanimous consent of ;he.
House wovdd b=i required t > enab'c the gentierran
from North Carolina [Mr, Graham] to Introduce a
bill at this time.
Mr. WOOD sabniitted a resolution calling upon
the President of the United States for any corres-
pondence, so far as the public interest would
permit, which juay be ia his possession, between
the Government of the United States and that of
Great Rntein, respeciing certain American citizens,
mw Eritj. h prisoners of state, and confined at
Van Bieman'.s !at>d.
But the resobjtion was ruled out of order.
The Hoas.' no.v, in pugnare" of t!>e special or-
der, pro -eo-ied io an election, two voce,  for Door-
keeper, Assistant JJoorkeeper, ar: 1 Postmaster.
The following was the result:
Who!  number of votes    .           .           .213
Necessary to a chcics       .           .           .        107
Jos. Folansbee received            ,           .    112
R. C. Washington        .           .           .16
C Laurie          .           .           .           .15
J. E. Dow        .           .           .           .49
J. W, Brenaugh           .           .           .9
A.  B. Lm<4ey    ....       4
John Addison   .            .           .           .2
B.  Hooe                                                        C
Mr. Folansbee, having received a majority of
all the votes given, was declared duly elected
Dooikeepsr, and was qualified by taking the usual
oath,
Mr. EVERETT ffi'errd a resolution, suggesting
that the House declare W. J. Hunter Assistant
Ooorireoper, aad W. J. McCormiok Poslmasier,
fsr the present Congress.
Objeción hems made, Mr. E. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules prescribing the order of business.
But,
Mr. WISS having submitted whether it was in
order to entertain the proposition without first rc-
corsideniig the r*solut on adopted yesterday, de-
claring that ,h" líense would proceed to the elec-
'ion oí those ofiVers.
Mr. EVLRKTi'withdrew the resolution.
The House then voted for Aes'staut Doorkeeper,
wh.nit erwa'eG that the
Whole rumber of votes ?
Necessary to a choice
J. W.Hjnter received
E. A. Hopkins .
S, Celts
Sa.re.el Fow-ll
Ssffiuel D'-rvn
W. C Choit«   .
J. R Caor:r>gham
J. W. Beck
195
98
149
4
14
7
4
4
10
3
Mr. Hi:^t"i> having reciveJ the highest num-
ber of all th? votes given, was declared duly elected
Assis'ant Doo.kseper, arid was qualified by taking
the usual oath.
On r/ot'on of Mr. MORGAN, Mr. W. J.
Mc jPRmick was unanimously declared Postmaster
for the nresent Congress.
The House no.v proceeded to an election for
Ch.ip'ain.
And the fallowing ren'h'iaen were nominated:
Mr. UsD3r.w90D n'cminatsd Rev. J. W. French,
Bpiscops'i.tti.
Mr. Ycuxg, Rev. Wm. T. Page, Eoiscopalian.
Mr. Bowne, R-v. J. W. Br>sto;, Methodis'.
Mr. Tal'aferso, Rev. sir. Br xvn, B-p'i.;t.
M'. Csmpsell, of S. C. ?.ev. R. ¿V, Bai'ey,
Presby'eri'-'n..
Mr. VfiMt. ?.e7. A. Wc't .n, presbi-t.~rian.
Mr. C. Iv'.oacis, Rev. L
R. Reese, Meiho-
d.St.
The SPEAKER «.peejited Messrs. ÜNnEr.woOD,
Young, a.t i CazipbslI, of S   O. t=!kr, to snpere.-
¡eni the vot rg.
Whole nutr.ber of vo'"s    .           .           •        1^9
Ncces'arv to a choice        ...         95
Rev. J. W. Fr-reh received     .           .    US
Rev. D. W. B.istoi        .           -           .      1G
Rev. R. W.
Id
1G
15
1
is;.: Icy
Rev. A.Wel'on
Rev. L  R. Ruese
Rev. W. P. F:ge
Rev.------Braxton
Hev.------Bates            ■           •            -1
The Rev. J. W. French, having -"ceived a ma-
jority of all the votes given, was cecated only
elected Cnspíain for ¡líe prtsent session of Con-
ir?ss.
" Mr. SA1GEANT moved that the House do
now proc.red to the election of a Printer, v.hose
rates of compensation shall be 20 per ct-nt. ¡ess
than those fixed by the joint resolution of 1819.
Mr. CLARKE of New York moved the previ-
ous question.
A mo'ion was then made to adjourn but without
effect
A l ng and noisy debate then arose as to whe-
ther the motion of Mr. Ingersoll to reconsider
the vote by which the 21st rule had been excepted,
was not entitled to precedence.
Mr. JNGERSOLL took the floor.    He com-
menced by observing th?.t he considered the rul«
as presenting three elementary, constitutional, and
all important question?,whichhehad unfortunately
been obliged to support, and that without having .
an opportunity of explaining his sentiments, and
endeavoring to submit,  not only to this House,
but to his country and the whole world, Ws views
in relation to the highly important questions which
were involved in the consideration of the rule un-
der  discussion.     He wished  to explain why he
should vote for the adoption of the twenty-first
rule.    The three imponant questions it involved
were: a question of Abolition, as it was called; a
question of petition, and a question  of regulation.
Now, he wa> aware that, taken separately or to-
gether, each presented the most exciting topics that
could possibly be embraced, and involved the most
agitating questions that had attracted public atten-
tion, since the foundation of this Government. He
knew that the question was one in which  those at
the North, not less than those at the South,  felt a
deep and  abiding interest.     He knew, too, that
there was a gentleman in that House—a right ho-
norable gentleman,  and  for whom he entertained
the highest respect and regard, and who  had for
the. last forty yeais filled the highest stations ia the
Government—who evinced the most lively interest
in this quesiion.    And he had, a day or two since,
aidressed the Hou«e at length on it, with much
zeal, animation, and ability, and at the same time
announced himself as a Northern man.   He (Mr.
Imger'oil) considered himself a Middle man on
this question, which he would endeavor to treat
with the strictest impartiality and fairness; and
pethaps, in what he might say, he might develope
principles which would lead to peace and harmo-
ny upon points which had been altogether miscon-
ceived.   Ahhough he was a party man, he would
not be led away from the fulfilment of his duty,
and wou'd upjn this, as well as upon all other
questions, vote aceordinj to his conscience.   He
knew no party in a question of this kind, and
would be governed only by what he deemed his
duty to his country, and a compliance with its Con-
stitution.
Tne qucst.on oí Abortion had been discussed in
country for a gteht number of years past, and it
had I'd to rr.ucn exciiement and heart-burning in
various parís of the Union. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had observed that he
was in p'.s-ession of some hundreds of petitions
on the «uhject of the abo'ition of slavery, and
which he had no1 h.'.d an opportunity of pressnting.
And 1." (Mr. !.) had had one fent toTum to pre-
¡er<": l-.e ce it was i hat he wished to make a few
remarks in order to let the Hou'-e and his constitu-
ent Ur.ow the grrue.ds he" took in reference to the
q-e-ti<n, Mr Í. adverted to ¡he language of the
President's message in regard to the subject of
í'.Avery rrd the slave trade, and commented upon
it, adding that he looked upon it as the ominous
feiiinreot ih; message. He next called attention
nUie fact, and remaiked that the African slave
trs-.dc was «poken o! in the last paragraph ot ths
last message of President Van Buren. He then.
addressed himteif to the South, and those repre-
senting it. and said that the signs of the times be-
hooved them to be more on the alert than they
had ever yet been in guarding their rights, so far
r.srirsrdfd this question of Abolition, and added
tl.'.t They hsd never yet t.iken ground as high as he
would take, and which he believed ninety-nine
me  on of a hundred would take in the North,
.{ siiua'eri as w-re those in the South. He then
aiverted to the B'iiish cruisers on the coast of
Africa overhauling American merchant ships on
frivolas p>e'exts, and threw out some intimations
that the Florida war had been protracted by runa-
way negroes from the Bahamas.
Mr. PROFFÍT heie rose to a question of order.
