40                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLO&É.
from them than for them to separate from us.
With regard to the partisan Abolition agitators, he
had no hesitation in saying their treason was of the
very highest grade.
[Here Mr. I. read some passages from "Burke's
Reflections  on the French Revolution," in order to
show what were his sentiments in regard to it, and
as applicable to what is going on in the United
States in reference to Abolitionism ]
The gentleman from Georgia saisfc the other day
that there were no less than 1,300 societies for this
propagandista. He, (Mr. I) however, might say
thai there were not less than 2,000 of the?e socie-
ties. He would ask, cm bonoi He would inquire of
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]
and the gentlemen from Vermont, who said
he intended to preserve h's equanimity and temper
on this question, what it was they asked for? Was
it merely that gentlemen should stand up in this
Hall, and say that all Southern men are cowards?
It was a disagreeable sentence to utter, that the Al-
mighty had set his seal of reprobation on slavery;
and yet this had been repeated, again and again,
here. There was no question, there was no doubt
on the mind of any gentleman—every body con-
ceded it, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
among the rest—that we have no right to interfere
with slavery in the Southern States, whatever we
might do m the District of Columbia.
Then, in the name of God, what did gentlemen
want?   The slave trade abroad was, by the Con-
stitution   of  the   United   S'a'es, pat an end to.
There were many members of this House who
were    not    aware    that   it   had    been   decided
by  the   opinions  of  three-fourths   of   the   Su
preme Court that Congress dies not possess the
power to in'erfere with the slave   trade among
the State?.   It was a question with which Federil
authority had nothing lo do    With respect to the
number of slaves m the District of Columbia, he
had been given to understand that, according to the
last census, it had been reduced 33J per. cent Irom
the previous census.    Cui bono')   For what, he
asked, was the use of mtsrferwg m this mattel?
It appeared, both by the Message of the present
Executive and that of his predecesor, that the fo-
reign slave trade  was on  the increase,  notwith-
standing all that the English and American Go-
vernments could do to the contrary.    Fie was fully
impressed with the conviction that no good was to
come from ihc«e movements    It scemtd to him to
be ridiculous it was passion, merely pa sion. Ai'ev
adverting to the fact that many foreign books were
circulated in this country with a view to tret up an
Abolition feelins among the emigrants here,  he
deprecated, in the strongest manntr,  the adoption
of any course of action that was in  the  slightest
degree calculated to fan into a flame these combus-
tible materials, and thus plunge the  Union into
trouble, and, perhaps, bloodshed     He called upon
the honorable gentleman from Vermont, whom he
believed tobe sinceie on the subject, for his plan,
for he (Mr I ) wished to know  what was to be
done.   He was tired of hearing these remarks, that
"it was a shame"—that "all this was sir semper ty
rannis."   But what good did it do?   Did it not do a
vast deal of misehipf?   Did it not do a great deal
of harm?   He would call upon al!  the members
from Vermont to let us know  what thsy want
He had been amused the other day, when the gen-
tleman from Georgia «aid that he had been told of
the shocking circumstance, that in a certain coun-
ty all the postmasters weie Abolitionists, and at
which annunciation all the members sprang upon
their feet.   Now, he (Mr. Ingersoll') would say,
that if he entertained the same opinions as the gen-
tleman from Vermont, then he  wou'^d  say  that
there ought to be none but Abolition posteaseis
in Pennsylvania.   Was it any attack on their mo-
rality and ibeir patmotism, beeaus  sincere in  iheir
notions respecting Abolitionism? Not at al!.   It
appeared to him that th's was not merely an a 'act;
it was a conspiracy—>U was a conspiracy.   That's
what it was.  He did notuse words  iihotit under-
standing their meaning.   There wer? good as well
as bad conspirators.   It was a conspiracy with a
view to destroy the institutions of the South.   It
was an immense conspiracy, consisting of men not
pnly in this, but other countries.
He would now proceed to state some things
which he knew would O'noek many of tho-e who
heard them, and which he did not state without as-
suming the responsibility of them. He was pre-
pared for responsibility, and for that vituperation
which he might expect to have poured upon his
devoted head, by a fie  and independent press
After remarking that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had said, with scorn, that it had been re-
presented that slavery was the corner-stone of li-
berty, he proceeded to remind that gentleman that
theie had been ten Presidents of ¡he United States,
five of whom were slaveholders, and three of them
were re-elected.
He next spoke of the remo ?als from office un-
der the present Administration, and said that a
most extraordinary course had been pursued in re-
gard to many of them, tn turning good officers out,
merely on account of tneir poVics—a practice to
which he was entirely opposed He mentioned,
too, as a fac1, tint the Secretary of Staff had re-
moved a gentleman, m every respect competen' to
fulfil the duties of his office, in oruei to put in his
own son.
The SPEAKER here called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to creer, on the ground that he was
not confining him elf to the subject.
Mi. HOLMES asked if the Speaker had called
the gentleman from Massachusetts to ordtr the
oth"r day v hen he departed from the question then
belore the House?
Mr RHETT said that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had not been called to older.
Mr. DAWSON ¡emaiked that, at the time the
gentleman irom Mas ichusetts was on th" flooi,
the rules had not b en adopted, and therefore
that was the reason the Speaker did not then in-
terfere
Mr. HOLMES said—
' Of tics ti c it takes, I ween,
To ^to what is not lo be seen "
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gen leman. would be nl-
liwed to go on without interruption in any re-
marks wh c i he might th nk proper to make
Mr. TOMLINSON spid he hoped the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania would not be allowed to pro
cced without the consent of the Hon e
The SPEAKER said that 'he other day, when
the gentleman ¡ro.n Massachusetts was on theflon,
h" cil'ed him to order, and he suomitted, although
the rules wee not m forre
Mr IN&EtteOLL said, if permitted to proceed
with his rema Its, he would dup ihe ques io<i of
rnmoval fiom office, and confine himseli str.ctly to
ih  subject before the Hous-
Mr. CLIFFORD moved that the gentleman
from Pennsylvaira be allowed to proceed with lbs
lemarks
Obj c.ion being nad —
The yeas and n^) * « ere demanded and ordered,
with a view of detr'iJininj, whether he should be
permitted to proceed with hi° rrm piks, and
it was dcc.dcu in the . ffirmativt yeas 136,
nays 38
Mr. INGERSOLL, then again assumed his re-
marks by saymg lhat his position was lhi«. that
the English right of petition was not an American
right of petmtion,and he concei/ed, wuh great
deference to the better judgment and great expe-
rience of the genile'nan f*-om Massachusetts, that
the arcuales here had been bas d upon the Eng-
glish Whig prmeiple. Here Mr I referred to
B^ckstoic, vol. 1, p. 142, in older to show what
the light of petition is m England it was indis
pensaba th re, v here ihe Parliament wis omnipo-
tent But, in i'is coiiciry, where i'e pe pie aie
sovereign, it was a very different thing Tivip
va«, however, no such thing here as the rigm
of petition, becau   Congiess was not omnipotent
Ho denied that there v, as a right of p tmon to Con
gr-is, because there exited the right of instruction.
Mt. I. next called the aHen'ion of the House to
the etynoios'carmcnningof the woid "peü'ion,"
and then addi d that h° submitted th's qaéstion as
one of considerable ibubt, wnsthsr if we pass'd
the boun Janes efa State we have a right to peti-
tion. Referiiag then to the cons'ituents of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, he asked, what
was the grievance they complained olí     Why, it
was slavery in the South—a matter in which we
have no right to interfere. It would be well to
pause long and reflect deeply whether this
doctrine ot the light of petition was as clear
as the gentleman from Massachusetts and
others migfit imagine. He submitted these
views with great deference to those who«e learn-
ing and intelligence was greater than his, and
whose sympathies on the subject were stronger.
Although he might be wrong, j et, upon the whole,
he was disposed to come to this conclusion, that
there is no right of petition on the part of a State
apamst the exi*ttnce of slavery m another State.
How stood the question m regard to the District of
Columbia1 Why, it was claimed there was a
constitutional right over slavery withm the ten
miles square. But the nghf of petition was sub-
ject to this qualification, tbPt th  right applied only
to those living within this District. Mr. I. was
was proceeding to remark on what he understood
the gentleman (rem Maryland [Mr. W. C. John-
son] to have said, m reference to the introduc-
tion of the resolution adopted ?s tne 21st rule of
the House, two yeats ago, when
Mr. W. C.JOHNSON rose and said, that   the
fact ot couching the rule in the words in which it
now existed was occasioned by a speech of the gen-
tleman   from   Massachusetts.   The   rule, he was
told, as originally wntten by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and submitte ' by a  gentle-
man from South Carolina not now on  thio floor,
was virtually the same as the 21st rule, as adopted,
and as it recently exited as  one of the rules of the
House, which was written   by   himself,   (Mr. J.)
The proposition of  the gentleman  from Virginia
was the «amp as that offered  by a gentleman from
South Carolina, and was, tnat llie   motion   to   re-
ceive Abolition petitions should he on tr.e table.   It
was only a different  vtay oí   reaching the  same
question and the same object  wh ch  they  were
reaching by a rejection of the petition, when it was
fiist announced by the gentleman who wjuld   pre-
sent it and give a brief statement of i'scontents.
He had somewhat changed Ihe phiaseology of the
resolution, but it was not the result of any sud-
den impulse.    He had examined the subj'ct eight
>eais ago when  first  elec ed   to  Congres, and
he then came to the solemn corc'u^un, after the
fullest investigation and after hearing the subject
diseussed over and over ag3in,  tint Congress had
no jurisdiction in the matter; and 'bat the people
of the North hive no light to petition for the aboli-
tion of slavery either in the District of Columbia
or any of the States.   He had never spoken on the
i sulject till two years ago, bu'ne had, as he had
I just said, made up his mini in refer mce to it many
yeais  before.     Mr. J. concludes   by   reiterating
|  tha', indrewing up his resolution en  the occasion
I referred to, he was not moved suddenly by any
I impulse, but by h s solemn, deliberate, and long.
st lllcd conviction ot what he conceived to  fee the
1 right course to be taken on this question.
1      Mr. INGERSOLL iesum~d     He confessed that
he had some little difficult/ m h's mial aboat   the
extreme <-tnngmess and universah y of this rule.
He did not like   the operauoa of this rule.    He
I contended that this was no party question; £id the
I gentleman from Massachusetts was never more
mistaken   in  his h<e if he supposed it was.    He
■I (Mr   I) knew men of all political parties who
, agreed  on this question     Ho confessed  that his
motive for wishirg to see this rule rescinded  was,
that he believed if it had never been m foree the
agitation on  tne Abofi'ion question would have
come to an end  before th's time.   He would be
willing, for his own part, to refer the whole subject
to the gentleman from Massachusetts to make a
j report upon it, and then he was sure that h s doc-
trines on  the subject of Abolition would set the
matter at re~f
Mr. WISE rose to explain. He •  _hed to offer
an explanation of h s reason why he could not
1 yield any timg. L was an explanation he had
often made to he gentleman frem Massachusetts,
tnat he [Mr. Adams] wouid not go for the aboli-
tion of slavery m the District of Columbia. That
gentleman had said so on several occassions; at
the same time, he had uniformly understood from
that gentleman and others that the Abolitionists
