$0                                               CONGRESIONAL GLOBE.
ferred to the Select Committee on the subject, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizen , of Michigan in favor of the passage
of a bankrupt law, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON asked that the resolution submitted
by him some days since to go into the election of a
Printer, might be taken up.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked that the resolu-
tion might be postponed until to-morrow, which
•was agreed to.
Mr KER presented the memorial of citizens of
Prince Georges county, Maryland, prayitig for the
«charter of the Farmer* Bank of Alexandria;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. KER ateo presented a memorial of Littleton
Denis Teackle, proposing a plan of a national cur-
rency; which he moved might be referred to the
Select Committee on the subject, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. I hope it will not be
printed. We have fifty projects of the kind, which
have as much right to be printed as this. I oppose
the printing.
Mr. KER only expected the same consideration
for this memorial which other similar ones had re-
ceived, which had been ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY adverted to a memorial on this sub-
ject presented a few days since, which the Senate
had refused to print; and he persisted in his objec-
tion.
The memorial was not printed.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
citizens of Mississippi, praying tbe passage of a
general bankrupt law, which was referred to ihe
Committee on the Judiciary.
The following rebolution submitted some days
since by Mr Benton was taken up-
Restdved, That the President of the United
States be requested to lay before the Sena'e a state-
ment of the amounts of money received in each of
the months oí March, April, and May last, from cus-
toms, lands, and other sources, especially, so far
as the same can be ascertained or estimated from
ttie current returns; also the amount sxpoidcd in
each of those months, stating separately the aggre-
gate under the three several heads for civil, mili-
tary, and naval expenditures; also, a copy of the
last weekly report of the Treasuier of the Uniied
States, showing the amount of public money on
hand, and the places m which th  a>ne aie dtp -
sited.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky knew of no practical
*esult to be accomplished by adopting the resolu-
tion, and moved to lay it on Ihe table.
Mr. "WOODBURY asked him to withdraw bis
motion for a moment.
Mr. CLAY.   I withdraw it.
Mr. WOODBURY then offeied an amendment
to the resolution, which beni  read,
Mr. CLAY slid, I now renew my motion to lay
the subject en tue table.
The motion was carried—ayes 22, noes 19
Mr. WALIILR submitted tlu follow  g rc-jlu-
tion-
Resolved, That the Coram ttce on Public Lands,
to which was rcfcueia bill to disti bute tbe pro-
ceeds of the puolic land-, be instructed to mqj.re
into the expediency of reporting to the Senate the
following amendments to i-s'd bil'
1. To adopt a permanent prospective pre-emp
tion system.
2.  A reduction and graduation of ih° price of
the public lands m favor of ac'ual se tiers ¿nd cul-
tivators.
3.  A provision granting to each of ihe new
State* a quantity of the public lands within their
limits equal to that heretofore granted to the State
of Ohio for the puipose of internal improvements-
4.  A grant of txe public lands, now remaining
unsold m the State of Oh o to spiI State, and a
similar grant to each of >he new States of the had
that may remain unsold within thiir limits, wh n
said States respectively shall have been Slates
of the Union for as long a period of the State ol
Ohio has been.
5. That the 2 per cent, fund in such of the
States where it is unappropriated be placed at the
pisposal of sud Staws respectively.
6 That that the distribution shall cease when-
ever the duties upon any import shall be raised
above 90 per cent, or the provision of the compro-
mise act of March 1833, shall be violated in any
manner whatever.
Mr. W. asked its consideration at this time.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky asked if it was a reso-
lution of inquiry?
Mr. WALKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CLAY.   I have no objection.
The resolution was accordingly agreed to
The reso'ution submitted some days since by
Mr. Clay of Kentucky, to print 1500 copies of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, was then
taken up.
Mr CLAY said that it had been postponed at
the instance of the Senator from New Hampshire
Mr. WOODSURY expressed his willingness
that the resolution should be acted upon fh<s
morning
Mr CLAY said the resolution had laid %o long,
he feared it was overlaid. His only motive to
have it acted on, would be to hear a speech from
the honorable Senator, anu as he feared that might
in erweave itself with, the special ord r to be
called up presently, he thought the resolution had
better lie over.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. Woodbury, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Sena'e if any applica
tion has be°n made officially to bun, or theS ate or
Treasury Department, by the holders of State
stocks, or others on their ¡>ceount, respecting the
piyment or assumption of them, and to furnish
copies of any correspondence which has taken
placin relation to those surj cis
Mr SEVIER asked tbat the resolution sub-
mitted by him on Saturday last, might be taken up.
The CHAIR informed him that it had not yet
been received from tbe printer.
Mr. SEVIER said it was a pretty long resolu-
tion, and he supposed they haJ not had time to
punt it. He asked that it might be read from the
Journal, which was done. The resolution was iu
tne following words-
Revolved, That the Secretary of W,irbe directed
to furnivh the Senate wnh ihe names of all the con-
tractor., irt the Southwest, who have received
enormous profits under Indian annuitie  invo ving
the disburse.nent oí hrge -urns of money for the
emigration and subsistence of Indians, as referred
to by him in his communication to the Presi-
dent oi the 31st May, 1841, and which profits
were effected by bribing some of the subordi-
nate instruments in the public emplnymem, (fur-
nishing th  names of those instruments,) rr through
the mismanagement of higher public agenis, (ojv-
mg the names of th s  agen's,) who can on'y screen
'¡.enselves fiom suspicion of a connivance in
the rauds by submitting to the imputation of gross
nogl gence, or ignorance, or incapacity in th* per-
formance of their duty, and that he furnish to 'he
Senate the names of all the parties referred tn,
whmher agents of b gh or subordinate grade,
bnbpd instruments or contractors, and the testimo-
ny upon which his communication is predicated
Mr CLAY of Kentucky. Is that a reao'u'ion
of mquiiy'
Mr SEVIER sud it was a reso'ution c ll'ng
for mformitim up<n a subject alluded to by the
Secretary of War in his recent report to C'iitm
Mr. MOREIIGAD sugges ed the propriety of
laying over the resolution ml next session of Con-
gress, vjth a view of allowing time for the invest' 
gat'ons now m progress
Mr SEVIER said he had prefaced the resolu-
tions en lUintro-inc'ion, by referring to that part of
the Secretary of War's report which had met the
eye of Captain S ev-nson, end induced him to ad-
dress to him the letter which he had caused to be
read to the Senate on Sa'urday, and which now
was in his possession Tint letter stated that Capt.
Stevenson, who had been connected with the agency
for the removal of the Indians in the Southwest,
from the beginning of that removal to the year 1839,
conceiving the remarks of the Secretary of War
might be applied to him, wished an inquiry should
be made whether or not he was one of those agents
or contractors alluded to. There is a circumstance
which gives this chaige the appearance of being
referred to Captain Stevenson. The other agent,
Captain Armstrong, was still in office, which
showed that the Secretary of War retained confi-
dence in him. This causes the imputations to fall
direc ly on Captain Stevenson, in the opinion of
those who know the relative positions of the
agents, and have read the report of the Secre-
tary of War. He (Mr. Sevier) asked in the
mrst public manner to obtain the testimony on
which these charges had been made against the
agents and contractors of the Southwest, and for
the names of those charged with corruption. He
did not know whether such things did or did not
exi«t, but he maintained his right to call for infor-
mation on the subject. If there is an investigation
going on, let it not be a slar chamber investiga-
tion. I{ inquiries of this nature are to be con-
ducted* in secret, without m eting those accused
face to face, the liberties of this country aie gone.
It is well known that charges are often brought
against public contractors, which, on investigation,
are found to be groundless, and although injury
has been done m making them public, they cannot
be maintained. He called for those charges.
He was ready to go as far as any one in
bringing to justice those who might be found
justly subject to them. He would ask for
another thing. There were m Arkansas some
Seminole Indians, living on the support offered
them by the Unit d Sta'es. He wanted to
Know why the u^ual mode of subsisting those
Indians ha 1 not been adopted. He wished to knew
how the Secretary of W?r has provided for t>e
subsistence of those Indians—what couise he hrs
taken to avoid the same abuses \v! ich have given
rise to such charges as he has made against the
contractors and agents, m his report. He wished
to know how he avoids these evils in this instance.
The object of his resolution was to call upon the
Secretary of War to furnish the particulars of the
charges he had made and the names of those who
supported them. He h?d ns disposition to embar-
rass the Secretary of War m the invest gation
he was carrying on ; but he held it to be
a matter of right for any American citizen, when
assailed by name or by implication m any public
document, to ask lor explanaron and demand not
only he full charges against him but the name ot
his accuser. He hoped on this gro.. id he should
meet the support of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr MoatHí^D ] He aske i him for h s support
with no ofaer view than that of obtaining mfoima-
tion which he conceived in this case was called for
on every principle of justice.
Mr MORFHEAD reiterated his opinion that
the proper course would be to lay over the resolu-
tion till the next session of Congicss. Ila there-
fore moved to lay the resolution on the (able.
Mr PRESTON called for the yeas and navs.
The question was then taken by veas and nays,
and resulted—Yeas 24, na^s 2J, a? follows:
YE 4S—M-ssrs. Ba'es, Berrien, Choat , Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evins, Gr?ham,
Henderson, Huntington, Ker, M^ngum, Miller,
Morehesd, Porter, Prenti>% Preston, Rivs, Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallrradge,
White, and Woodbridge—24
NAYis—Messrs. Allen, A'cher, Barrow, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay <f Alab?mi Fu.ton,
King, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicnolson, Piece,
Sevier, Smiih ot Connecticut, S argeon, T>ppan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, WrigV, and
Young—22
And so the resolution waa h d on the tabb.
CASE OF McLEOD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
mo'ion to refer so much of the President's message
as relates to foreign affairs to lb.3 Committee on
Foreign Affairs
Mr PRESIÓN, who was entitled to the floor,
replied at much length to the argument of Mr. Bu-
chanan.
Mr. BENTON followed m a speech of about an
hour, reviewing the course of tbe Secretary of
