CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             5$
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 15, 1841.
Mr. WILLIAMS ot North Carolina asked leave
to offer a resolution, changing ibehour of meeting
from 12 to 10 o'clock, a. m.  until otherwise or-
dered
Objection being made,
Mr. WILLIAMS moved a suspension of the
rules prescribing the order of business,.
Mr. ADAMS inquired what rules the gentleman
referred tu?
Mi. WILLIAMS replied, the common law of
Parliament.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presumed the majority
could agree to consider the resolution     But
Mr. RAYNER being entitled to the floor, and
declining to yield it, the resolution was not pre-
sen'ed.
The vote by which the House had adopted the
resolution appointing a committee to report rules
for the governm-n of the House, and adopting
temporality the rule  and orders, except the 21st,
of the last House, having been reconsidered on
yesterday, the question again recuned on the
resolution; for which Mr. Rayner had offered the
following, as a substitute:
Resolved, That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives be adopted as
the rules and orders of this House for the 27th
Congress: Provided, Tnat this House will not con-
sidei any subjects at th present session except such
as aie embraced in the President's ssessage; and
that all petitions and memorials on all other sub-
jects, receivable under the rules and orders above
mentioned, shall be laid on the table, without re-
ference or consideration
Mr. RAYNER having withdrawn his substitute
for the present,
Mr. BARNARD raised the question as to the po-
sition in winch the original resolution now stood,
and what was the question before the House.
After a brief statement by the CHAIR,
Mr. WISE inquired wheiher he understood him
as saying that the previous question was still in
force?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WISE said that the decision left the House
no chance to amend the resolution, the rote adopt-
ing which  they  had reconsidered    He therefore
appealed from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PROFFIT moved the previous question;
which was seconded.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House, but it
was not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put—
ayes 116, nays 96
Mr. FILLMORE asked if he might have a pa-
ragraph read from the Manuel?
Cries ef " No ! no! " from various parts of the
Houee.
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
main question; which were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired it it would be in or-
der to ask that the Chair again state the question
betore me Hojse
Tne CHAIR sa d that it would.
Mr. MORGAN  hoped that the House would
come to order.
After qmet was restored,
The CHAIR .-gam stottd the question.
Seme desul'nr> conver.aucn here took place be-
taeenMe-srb   vxISE, S MASON, MALLORY, I
and tbe SPEAKER, when
The quest ion was 'tiled,' Shall the decision of
the Chair, stand as the judgment of the House 1"
anddeeidrd m the r-gative—ayes 165, nays 112.
So the decision of'he Chaib. was reimsed.
And the question recuinng on the resolution of
Mr. Wise as amended by the proposition of Mr.
Adams—
A debate ensued, m which Mr. RAYNER, oc-
cupied the fio r for several hours. After he had
concluded his remarks,
Mr. MORGAN said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of entering into this debate. Congress had
now been upwards of two weeks in session, and
yet they found themselves just where ihey were.
Some conversation here followed, Mr. Rayner
still claiming the floor on the ground that, though
he had concluded his speech, he had not offered his
amendment, as, at the outset of his remarks, he
had announced his intention to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN said that the gentleman
expressly stated that he had closed.
Mr. WISE. He had finished his speech, bu{
not yielded the floor.
Mr. MORGAN claimed the floor and proceeded.
I w as saying that we had been here more than two
week", and we find ourselves nearly where we
were w^en the session commenced. We have
done nothing We have been assembled here un-
der a Proclamation from the President of the
United States. And for what purpose? Have we
come here merely to gratify our own per'onal
feelings?
Mr. RAYNER again rose to assert h,s right to
the floor
Mr. MORGAN claimed it.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from New
York [Mr Moncuir] would proceed.
Mr. MORGAN. We came here to relieve the
country. The eyes of the nation are bent upon
us with an intensity which has never before been
experienced. The people demand justice at our
hands. They demand that we should work and not
talk. And that I may not trespass upon the in-
dulgence of the House and the time of the country,
I will say but a word before making the motion for
which I rose.
I must take exception to much that has been
said by the gentleman from Norm Carolina, [Mr.
Rayner ] Much as I respect him, I cannot agree
in much that he has said. And I must take this
opportunity sKo to disclaim, for mys lf, for my
constituents, for my colleagues, and for my State,
ihe declaration made by the venerable gentleman
from Masscahusetts [Mr. Adams] the other day. I
say in the face of this House, and of this nation
that there is not one of my constituents who will
agree with him in the declaration he made. I was
pained to hear it, as I have betn pained by remarks
made to-day.
Mt. ADAMS. Specify what the declaration
was.
[Loud cries to order ]
Mr. MORGAN. I will specify. I had sup-
posed that the allusion would be understood with-
out specification. I refer to the remark of the
genileman, (oubhshed in the ' Intelligencer,") in
which he said that, in case a servile insurrection
broke out at the South, then that the people might
interfere on the subject of slavery m the States of
the Union. I say that a cond tion of thinss like
that will not justify what now cannot be done m time
of peace; and it seems strange tome th-t gentlemen
who admit that we should never interfere with the
insti utions ot the South m time of p^ace, yet say
that, when the hand of the «'ave is reeking with his
master's blood, then interference is jusiifW.
While my constituents are in favor of th" right
of petition, ab olute, unqualified, and unrestrained,
for them I sav that they cannot aaree with the ve-
nerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams ]
I nave said more than I intended fo say. My
objec'isto implóte this House to do the business
of the nation. And in order to t=st the question,
believing that a majority of this House are in favor
of workin , and not of ta'kitig and believing that
they are satisfied that the country is suffering for
want of action, and that it i= their duty *o carry
out thc-e gieat measures of reform ior which we
were convened, and not to be quarrelling and
wrangling among ourselves like mere schoolboy ,
I mo*e the previous question.
A question of order, 'nvolvmg the right of Mr.
Raynbr to the floor, for the purpos  of offering his
amendment, was nere again laised, and gave rise
to some conversation, in whieii ?<dessrs. RAY-
NER, MORSAN, WISE, BO ITS, COOPER oí
Pennsylvania, ard W. C. JOHNSON, partici-
pated
Mr. DAWSON thought the House was now m
a temper to vote, and suggested that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Morgan] should consider
the proposition ot the gentleman irom North Caro-
lina [Mr. Rayner] in his hands, and call the pre-
vious question upon it.
Mr. MORGAN inquired whether he could with-
draw the motion for the previous question, to ad-
mit the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Rayner,] and then renew the call
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
affirmative.
Mr. CUSHING inquired of the Speaker if the
previous question was pending or not?
The SPEAKER (addressing Mr. Moboan) said
the gentleman must either say that he withdrew
his demand for the previous question, or that he
did not.
Mr. MORGAN said that he would withdraw the
previous question Tor the sake of offering the fol-
lowing resolution. It was the resolution of the
gentkman from North Carolina, [Mr. Rather,]
and he (Mr. M ) offered it for that gentleman, that
the House might have an opportunity of voting di-
rectly upon it, and he baid he would move the pre-
vious question thereon.
The following resolution of Mr. Rayner was
then read as a substitute for the original resolution,
of Mr. Wisb, as amended by the proposition of Mr.
Adams:
Resolved, That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives be adopted as
the rules and orders of this House until otherwise
ordered; and that the committee heretofore appoint-
ed on the rules be ordered to revise, amend, and re-
port upon the said rules and orders, and that they
have leave to report at any time; and that the elec-
tion of officers heretofore chosen by this House, and
the committees raised by its orders, be, and they
are hereby, confirmed.
Mr. CUSHING appealed to the House to allow
him to say a few words in relation to a declara-
tion made'by his colleague tMr- Adams] a few
days since.
Mr. ADAMS had no objection; but trusted the
prev.ous question would not be started.
Mr. MORGAN said he had moved the previous
question, and be could not withdraw it.
Mr. BARNARD then raised the point that the
proposition of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr Rayner] was not m order.
Mr. FILLMORE thought that it was in order,
and stated hts reasons.
M>. WILLIAMS of Maryland submitted to the
Chair that, upon the Parliamentary law, the previ-
ous question was debatable.
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
been withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN of Philadelphia inquired what the
qupslion was.
The SPEAKER said it was the question of or-
der raued by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard ]
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky called for the
decision of the Chair        «
The SPEAKER decided-that the resolution was
in order
Mr. EVERETT asked Mr. Rayni  to modify
his resolution so as to except ihe officers of the
House, 'hey having been appointed under a dis-
tinct resolunon.
Mr FESSENDEN rose to a question of order.
Mr. STANLY inquired whether the previous
question had not been called on the resolution of
the gentleman from North Carolina?
Mr. MORGAN said he had himself moved if,
and that, if necessary, he would now renew it.
Mr. CUSHING. The previous question, then
has been moved. Under the parliamentary law
thftquesti n is debatable
The SPEAKER. It is debatable, so far as the
propriety of the previous question is concerned.
Mr. FESSENDEN said that if any one was to
speak, he claimed the floor.
Mr. WINTHROP submitted that the gentkman
fro u New York [Mr Morgan] had not the right to
moke two motions at the same time.
The SPEAKER said that a motion submitted by
a gentleman might be followed by a demand for
the previous question. Such had been the practice.
Mr CUSHING claimed the floor.
Mr. G DAVIS said that he had himself also
moved the previous question for the very purpose
of obviating any objection which might be raised.
