u
Mr. WINTHROP submitted that the Speaker
had not recognised the gentleman from Kentu-ky
[Mr. Q Davis ] And he appealed from the decision
of th* Chau.
At er some explanation, the appeal was with-
drawn.
Aau the question recurring on seconding the de-
mand for the previous, question, (which the
Speaker b?d decided to be debatable, so far as con-
cerned impropriety)—
Mr CUSHING said that the previous quesuon
hud been called for by the gentleman from New
York, pad, as it was ¡a order to debate the point
of order, whether, under the circumstancis, the
gentleman'could call for the previous question, he
deved a word or two. He ros , then, under the
parliamentary law, to oppose the putting oí the
previous question, and, in doing so, he meant to
confine him-elt within the rules of debate He
did not wish to matte a speech on this queshon,and
he would desire that, at the present extraordi-
nary session^ of Congress, he might not be called
Upon to msfk'e a single sp -ech During the present
debate there had been a multitude of ibings aid to
woich he would gladly have repbed, but, inasmuch
as he had come here hoping to do much he re-
solved, at any rate, to speak but little He would
rather, at this session, and m the present stale of
the business of the country, vote on one great mea-
sure, than offer a more eloquent speech than bad
ever before fallen from the lips of man withm
these wall*, for he c¡>me here to act, and it was with
extreme reluctance that he opposed the previous
quesuon, when proposed by his own friends. Buth^
opposed it now because it would be inflicting on the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] the
extiemest injustice. How would we stand tere
in this case's h,s colleague [Mr. Adams] bad
sp >ken on this subject witu his usual zeal, learning,
and courage, and the gentleman from Virginia and
the gentleman fiom North Carolina, and other
Southern gentlemen, had al*o argued the question
with equil spirit and zeal, and he repeated that
those gem'emtn had gwen utterance to many
things to which he would fain have replied. But
he rcgre'ted that on this or any other occasion he
found himself compelled to difkrwith his co'league,
whose opinions, he was always inclined to treat
with great reverence His colleague, however,
had offered some opinions of the gravest charact* r,
on subject!, the most imposing and interesting to
the whole country. Those opinions had been ut-
tered deliberately, and to which Ihe whole wei  ht
rf his character would be attached, and thus, t'iev
would go forth to the world Aril number after
number fiom ihe South has arisen in his plac ,
and declared that if those declaritions went un
contradicted, they would do so and o But he
(Mr CooHing) did not intend to debate this ques-
tion at large. He thought, however, that he houlj
have an opportunity graitted htm of saying a few
words on "his subjeet, no matter whether he did or
did not agree with his colleague For this reason,
then, he was opposed to the putting of the previ >us
question, notwithstanding the states ot the public
ba'inesi,, and notw «standing the risk ot opening
the quesiii n ot Abolition again.
Mi. BKOWN of Ph Uuelphia protested in the
most vehement m nner against tne auominih e
and unparalleled system of tyrann/ which had been
exhibited towa'ds the minority during the last two
■weeks.
Seveial voices here called  'order," "sit down "
Mr. BROWN No, I will not bit do  , I am
la order, and so lo'ig as I have a voce I -Rill raise
it 'o denounce and resist the gag system which is
being practised upon us
The call for ord^r was here renewed by several
voices.
Mr BROWN said that when the Chaib ea led
him to order, he would obey, but not until tnen
He then proceeded to protest again t a certain in
rluence, which, he asserted, had been bioueht to
bear upon the minority, to coerce and depr ve
them of the privileges guarantied by cot imon
usages to minorities in all legislative bodies- He
had been told, on one occasion, that the common
law of Parliament was to be the rule Well, he
was willing to take that, even, as then the minority
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would have their rights. But if they wece to have
a nrw and tyrannical code like the paten', why
he would ra h«r fall b?ck uponthat commfn but
still just code of his Aojo Saxon ancestor. He
lad not the least doubt but tnat under the common
Parliamentary la v, he should be able to dtft-nd the
rights of his country, but here, in 'he present rule,
they now completely gauged and made to vote wat
once e ther aye or no.
The CH41R here suggested that Mr B. was
Ukjng too wide a range
Mr BROWN. I am pbout showing what the
previous que tton has done It is the previous
question w! ich 1 as brought the House to Ihe con-
dition in which it now stands You rat e been go-
ing on too fast, and now comes the reaction Yes,
gentlemen imy dep°nd upon it thnt f they succeed
in tyrannizing over the mm nty for a season, the
reaction mil come, and their work, in which they
have made so much haste to accomplish, will be
undone
1" the majority chose to proceed to the end of
the semsion, as they had dons hitherto, they might
depend upon it, ibat at ihe last moment reaction
would come, and, as in the present case, they
wouli be left precrely where they had com-
menced
In relation to the subject under debate, Mr B
said he vt at. free from prejudice He was, how-
ever, against the 21st rule, as he did not believe t
necessary When it shuil 1 be shown that it was
necessary, he would i ote for it, and not till the .
He expressed Ins be her ti at there was neutral
ground on which all parties could meet in rela ion
to this question, and which but foi t1 e ' gag syS.
tern," he «hjouU have indicat d to tne Housff
As a wa-, however, no man could take a middle
ground, he was compelled to vo'e on one or other
ot the extremes
(Trie propositi n which Mr B desired to offer
was, that n > tetitions asking th abolnii n of s a
very, e c should be received, unless they came from
those portions ot ihe country whire ihe alleged
gr (.vanees eiis ed )
Mr. BRIGGS replied to ihe remarks of Mr. B.
so ÍM as ih'y related to the application of ihe pre-
vious question, contending that ihe minorities in
this H mse haa been made to smart under its ope-
ía'ion, and how greatly i's seventy had been miti-
gated by modifications of recent origin.
lie had him "If, he said, rarely voted for the
prev ous question, and then with gieat reluctance
As an instrument of bus ness it was useful, when
propel) aiplitd Asan engine of par y utspu
i m, it nas the greatest scourge ever held over a
deliberativo body, and, if he knew hues If, he had
ntver con ented so to ipply it He had even now
stroi ^ reasons for voting against it H  stood m
the same position as his colleague, [Mr Cu h no ]
He b"^ i eaid observations made in the course ot
ih s debate, by which pvpt bis col i N rthein bleed
had h en roused Injustice, ¡sr^at lrjustice, had
been done to him as w«'l as to oti er members of
this House. But ihe who'e country was loekmg
to them Here they had been fifteen or sixteen
da) , and they had not progressed a iingle tep
He felt himselt bound, theretor , to ove look these
rcrsoail ¡>nd minorcousideu lots, and to look to
ti e country Let them go on and do the business
of ill  country, tor wnich they were co ivened
They had a majority oí forty m this Hot se, and
thecounitv would hold them nsponsible for this
waste of time 3f a single rule was to be inserted
which would bear h rd upon ni n and his constitu-
ents, he would bo  ¡u submission, that th.* business
oí the nation might be attended to
Mi ADAMS alluded to t le histury of this ques-
tion fiom the first period of presentation, and com-
plained of the tyrannical manner m which he had
been prevenied, by the previa  quasi on, Irom re-
plying to the unparalleled per onal abuse unde-
servedly heaped upon him, and oí ccnect ng ihe
gross misrepiesentat ons of v 1 at lie had said He
was «auiDg, however, to waive all remarks m rela-
tion to that for the present, and to content nim3elf
with saying, that in ca<e the House should think
proper to adopt the 21st rule, it would be so defined
lhat it should no longer be in the power of any
¡ |  Speaker to place a wrong construction upon it.
Mr. WISE rejoined very briefly to so much of
the remarks of Mr. Adams as were of a per onal
Mr W. C JOHNSON hoped that the opinions
which had been expressed on the one side or the
other would not pre/ent the great body of the
members of this House from voting in favor o£
the previous question, in oid r that the House
might proceed to the transaction of the public bu-
siness
Mr. PROFFIT said lhat he was called upon to
give a most responsible vo e, wiihout having an
opportunity for explanation Yet he was willing
again to go will the S uth, and to snow his love
for lhat sec ion of couitn, although he could
have wished for an opptr uruiy to ex lam his own
sentiments, and to say some hnii in reía ion o the
feehngs of the people of bis own State, and al
though he would haie been glad to hear the senti-
ments of tee whole Nor hwest, yet hi would vote
for the previous question
Mr WISE here intimated that if the gentle-
man de«ired iuch expression of sentiment, he
(Mr W) would change his intention of vo-
ting for the previous question, and would vote
against it
Mr PROFFIT desired that the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr W isf,) and every ether
gentleman, would vote m favor of the previous
question, that the House might proceed to busi-
ness
[Cries of "Agreed, a-reetV]
Mr P. appealed to s*emlemen on all sides of
the Hou'e to let the question be taken
Mr GIDDIÍNGS s-id it was not h s intention to
inflict upon the Hoese a. speech at this time, al-
though he had felt g.eat desire to do so But (said
Mr G ) I wish to expían to the Heuse the reason
ot my silence It is, that I came here for
the transaction of the great and impor-
tant bunness which called us tossther I felt
anxi us to do that business, and to return
home at the earliest moment. I was, therefore,
willing to take the question unon the amendment of
the gent eman from Massachuset's, [Mr £dams,]
without discussion Anxious to get at business, i
voted foi the adoption of the resolution. Th s n as
done with a sincere and honest desire to get at busi-
ness. The resolution was adopted, we were fuliy
organized, and ready to enter upon the important
questions to be submitted for our consideration
But a motion was made to reconsider the resolu-
tioi, and to reject the one hundred and thirtj-nme
rides which we had ad pled, for the reason that we
had not alopted th  ísuniííeií tmdfoitvth On this
we had, foc  ev ral days, list ned to speecne-j from
Southern members, while the nic-ib rs from the
free S ates xi mamed s ient, and I rejeice that they
gave this evidence of their d sire to do the business
of the country, altnough many th ngs ware said
which I was paiticulaily anxious to reply to I
was personally called on and ailuded to, yet, ,ir, I
could not forget the exp"ctat oas of iiy lonsu u-
ents, and h t the (yes of tne na ion v erv upon us
But tl'ose *Fi i we e saH to I oi p <o me a-ne po
luicilp'-ly i !i who n I have! f 11 tM t'to^ef,
umt'd w th our pAi icai Les to reeo si d tm. resa-
ludo ), ,ind to set us a in «¡At it or oi the orei sea
of debate, without chir or co<*-p,.ss to guide as
S i, our friends unn ng a th oj fo s have ent rely
dtcoiganized the Hoa^e, sn' i o / iur i around and
exbirt us to susta n the pie «ous que t on, and be-
seech us again to orgtin ze Sir, U1 again do
wha' I can to get at bus ness, as u in  gen'lemen
that at a pioper time I w 11 rr o t che r Ul/ and joy-
fully discuss this question and v ill h°n en eavor
to answer some things that have been sa d durm 
the recent debate
Mr J a. FLOYD said that he had «o \, sj to  n-
terrupt the business o* ceny ti  o a uaui of
the House—though he  a  at ¿ñ dt.utt reason
why we had made o IM'e p o^r is was be-
cause some gen lrmen bal beta too anxious
to get along too fast Ttete aever was, in his
opin on, a rrore proper plat  icr 'he applu ation of
the good old ru'e, "maie haste slowly " Ihe
question is said to be, whether the previous ques-
tion should now be put He hoped that the gen-
tlemen of the majority of the House were, alter
