CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wedndsdat, June 16, 1841.
Mr. STUART of Virginia submitted the follow-
ing resolution.
Resolved, That the rules and orders of the last
House of Representative.*, not superseded by any
rule or resolution adopted at the present session,
now in force, be, and the same are hereby, adopted
for the regulation of the House at the present ses-
sion; and that the Select Committee upon the Rules
heretofore raised proceed to revise and amend the
rules heretofore adopted, and they have leave to
report at all times
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina moved the
previous question; but withdrew it on the pledge of
Mr. Stuart to renew it
Mr. STUART said tir  his object   noffeungtae
propoMtio i just read by the Cleik, was to compro-
mise t^e great difficulty which had agitated the
Hou'-e for the last two  weeks    It would  be per-
ceived that tne reso'ut.o ¡  did not undertake to de-
cide one way or the jth - a^ >o the important ques-
tion mvolvng the n-   t jf petition.    Its cfkc> was
merely to postpone i    q i stion at the prssent ses-
sion.   The ieo iutK    nad  .o relation to pnother
Congress bm refei ea exclusively  to ihe present
session.   Its «ac1",'  effect would be to , l'ay ex-
crement, and ena   „   je Hou<e to proceec' at once i
to the discharge of the high duties for which they t
weie sent here    Mi S. said that some da)s ago a
proposition, apoited by ¡he Se'ect  Committee on '
the Rule.., v.aa rdooted by  the House, which he ¡
would now read ior intorm-uion, so that the House
might judge of tne effect oi the resolution which he
had ju-t had Ue honor to offer.
Mr. S. lead a< tollows:                                          '
"upon the pre--eniaLo.i of pennons and other '
papers on subjects not «pecially retened to the ,
consideration oi the Hou e in  the message of the i
President at the opening of the present extra ses-
sion, objeción to the reception shall be considered <
as made, au I the question of reception shall be hid |
upon the tab'e.    This rule to t>  cois'dered only in
force  durmg ihe  present sest jn     Petitions and '
other papers for or tgainst a bdiikrupt law to be
excepted from the operation oi this ruie.
"The action of ail committees on all subjecs
not specially referred to the consideration of the
House m the message of t«e President shall be
suspended during the present session, tnis su<pen
sion not to a"ply to business beiore the Commit- |
tee of Elections, oi Ways and rVSaans, on Ac
counts, and on Mileage, nor, it the Houie shall so
determine, lo the subject of a general bankrupt
law."
Thus it would  be perceived, (said Mr. S ) that
all Abolition memorials, and all petitions relating
to any other subjects than  those m'hich apertained
to the special objects ot this, extra ses-ion,  were to I
be pos'poned to the next regular session.    Might he i
not appeal to th  patriotism of the lleude, and ask
gentlemen on boih sides to riny  a  oroihers under ¡
this rule^    He asked them it it was not expedier/,   '
and their «o'emn duty, to postpone these questions
to other matters of paramount importance?   Tr-e '
eyes of lue entire commanny wtre row riveted j
upon CoLgress wiih  the   mo t   intense   anxiety.  |
The people were calling lor a sound currency, and j
a uniform system of exchange.   They were de-
manding—                      *
Here Mr. J. A. FLOYD called the ¿ent'eman to  j
order, on the ground that these  remarks \vere not
relevant to the subject betore the Hoase.
Mr. S FU ART sail he was not out ol oider.
Mr. FLOYD inquired of tr,e Chaib whether H
was in order to discuss the subject ot currency on
this resolution, respecting rules lor the government
oí business of the House?
Mr. SIUART ¡>aiá he should giv gentlemen no
trouble on ques ions of oroer. He was willing to
clo&e his remarks here, tras ing the late of h.s re<-o-
lu'ion to us intrinsic merus. He could not admit,
however, that he had been out of order, on the con-
trary, the gentleman who had interrupted bim wa
hia remarks weie strictly relevant to the r.doptionof
the resolution he had offered, but he would not em-
barrass the House; he had not come here to enter
into disquisitions upon the primary principles of
Government; he had come to do business, ue would
therefore forbear all further remark, and close by
moving the previous ques'ion.
Mr NISBET of Ge^gia asked Mr. Stuart to
withdraw that motion; waich he did, on condition
that Mr. N. would renew it.
So the call for the previous question was with-
drawn.
Mr NISBET then referred to the peculiar posi-
tion m which he stood as rendering it peculiarly
desirable, and indeed indispensable, that he should
say some ung n cxplanat on of tne course be
should pursue. He would be as bnei as possible.
Mr. N said he was one of those who had come into
this House (a«- tne gent'eman from Massachusetts
[Mi. Adams] had most beautifully expressed it)
"to deal in th%ns;s whrch partake not of earth, like
words, but oí Heaven;" but he h?d thus far been
prevented by a course of perpetual wrangling and
debate, which *eic whollv out ot order. He re-
buked no gentleman, 'har was not his aim; but he
must be permitted to siy that, as a matter of taste,
these eight-hour discussions were, on all nrmciples
of rhetoric, wholly madrasjble. He had li fened
wi'h strong, with burning indignation, to the lan-
guage which had been mduiged in by the hoaiy-
heddtd gtn''emán from Massachusetts.
Mr ADAM". Is trie previous question to be
applied aft-r íemarK. 1 ke those'
[■Several voice- .    ''CPitamly it is."]
Mr. NISBET resumed.    I could, said he, deal
in terms of strong commendation m regard to the
character of thai gentleman's head.    Would that I
could say as mucn in relation to his heart'
Mr. ADAMS. Is this m orj>', for the gentle-
man to talk about my head and heart1* [Laugh-
ter ]
Tns CHAIR called M'. Nisbet to order.
Ml. N. proceeded to say that the outpourings of
that honorable and venerable gentleman compelled
him to think of the inquiry of the Mantuan Bard—
lTant89 ne m animia cieV^Ubus ira.7"
Possibly he might b^ doing that ger-'eman injus-
tice, but as a Southern man he ojuld n A but repu.
díate and rcproba'e the course he had pursued in
these discussions. As h" iaoked at the gen'leman
while throwing forti such seutimpnts and lat guage,
he wa? forcbly reminded of Vesuvius, which,
wnile its summit was clothed m whde, vomited a
fiery stream, which spread desolation and ru.a
wherever it came.
Mr MALLORY called Mr. N. to order, and
asked, what had the course of the gentleman from
Massachu^-et's to do with th- adop..on pi a rule of
order for tne business ot Conarecs?
The CHAIR called Mr. Nisbet again to order.
Mr. N. observed that, atter the course of the
debate which had been going on here for days past,
he thought it a little extraordinary that he could
not be allowed evkn lo deal gently with the con-
duct of the genileman. Mr. N. said he would not,
even if he cou'd, think ot venturing within the
reach oí the arm of that veneiable giant, because
be mignt certa'tily cacu'iie on annihilation as the
consequence He then went on to a', hi a p-e-
par  t to vofe for t'.e .esol"tior woichhad been now
sent tc the ¡able " he irtere- <■ of 'he country, the
expression oí th' pur <■ will so disanctiy given,
nay, the vo'Cc wiici sce.ned to ¡ro'eed from the
lifeless image of that gknou- patriot, ("pointing to
the portrait of Wash'ngt«n,) winch was continually
looking du\t" on then deliberations, all united in
ca 1 ng th-m to action. True i> was thatth-y of
the Ssu'h hed expected bet er is ngs irotn Northern
Whigs than aa attempt io excU de the 21 trti!e ot
order, which guaran led the rights cf Southern
m^n, buOhey had since made amends, (with the
ejcsption of th- gentleman from Massachusot's )
If'hey had not «one with ihe South, they bad rretthe
Sou h on middle g-ound. The gentleman from
Vermon', [Vr. Eyí.rett,] with a magnanimity
which did him hur^r, had i.ade what had hereto-
fore been consuh red as a Southern motion—[>hat
the question of reception «hould be laid upon the
table]—a motion which proposed the very highest
course of action which could, ui der existing cir-
cumstances, be taken in reierenre to these peti-
tions. He would lemmd gentlemen that this course
was that adopted by the Sen ire, and had been the
rale observed also by this House previously to the
adoption of the much disputed 21st rule of order-
it was the   highest course they could now take.
Here were the Democrats ready  to interpose at
every step and clog the action of the House.   Nor
did he condemn them for this; they were in the
opposition, and opposition might be said to be their
parliamentary vocation. There was a branch of th&
Whig party disposed to pass any measure short of
the 91st rule. What were they to do? Remain here
forever in this state of inaction? in this region of
confused and uselss uproar, worse than Milton's
"Limbo of Vamtj?"   Was the Congress of the
United States forever to remain suspended betweea
organization and disorder?  No.  He, for one, was
actuated by higher considerations.   He claimed as
s'ern a zeal ior Southern rights as any gentleman
on that floor, come he from what quarter he might;
yet he was constrained to take the ground new of-
fered to him trom high obligations of public duty.
Could those who had sent gentlemen there, but wit-*
ness for themselves the scene that was presented in
that hall from day to day,  and now from week to
week,   they   would shank   away   in confusion,
shame, and despondency.   In saymg this, Mr. N.
hid no purpose to shelter other* exclusively of
himself.     Oh! if these sounds oi wrangling and
discord could penetiate the cold and silent recess
where the re-mains of our late President reposed
in their last slumber, would not his mouldering bones
shake and rattle m their hearse, or burst their cere-
!   ments and come forth to reproach his countrymen?
At an hour like this,  with  the public anxiety on
the stretch,  with   public expectation on tip-toe,
looking   to  see what great measures would be
adopted for the relief of the country; with an Op-
position eonpiet and strong, exulting at what they
witnessed in the camp of their opponents, did not
the House exhibit to the world a spectacle alarm-
ing to the party and disgraceful to our national
character?   Division among ourselves, mutual re-
vilings, disregard of the popular will—«hat a pic-
ture was this ior tne enemies of free government !•
He spoke not for others; he had not colleagued in
this matter with any set of men; he went on his
own responsibility, from his own views of duty,
and he was now prepared to act.   He should go
for the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Stuabt ]   He could say many things as to
the parliamentary rules of order.   He could enter
on the general subject of the claims of the Aboli-
tionists; but he should forbear, he had forborne—
íorborne m agony of spirit: he had put reins upon
his own indignant feeliass until he had become al-
most ungovernable by himself; but he would take
the nobler course; he  would consent to make a
comparatively small iaenfice, and take what it was
practicable to ebtam, in place of that full measure
of justice which the South claimed in this matter
as its due.    He would now, according to promise,
move the previous question.
Mr. Gr DAVIS movtd a call of the House.
Mr. RHETT rose to debate the call for the pre-
vious quebtim.    He hoped it would  not prevail;
and he opposed it ior two reasons    After debating
this question of receiving petitions lor sixteen or
seventeen days, it became the Hou«e to settle it
one way or the oiler, and that not for a few days
or months even, but ior an entire Congress! where-
as, if th^y adopted the cornprDmise now proposed,
instead of putting the question at rest for two
years to come, they merely ananged it for the pre-
sent extra session.   But there was another and a
more important considerado i which had governed
him.   It had been intimated by the gentleman from
Georgia who had just taken hw seat, that to   em-
barrass trie action of Congress was the proper na-
tural province of a m.nonty in opposition.   No
such purpose governed Mr. R. or ever should,
wlvre a question was at stake involving Southern
inti rests and nonor.   He had endeavored to put
this ma'vei of Abolition pet tions on stronger   and
h>eher ground; a ground which was practicable,
and which would, he thought, unite the views of a
majority of ihe House.   A proposition had been
prepaied fc) a gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bkown,] and that gentleman would confer a favor
on Mr. R. if he would now read it to the House
for information.   He referred to this measure not
from any wish to embarrass the action of those
