58                           _______
*   '   '   ""     "•*.'"'        •.....;......
politically opposed to him. He desired the ques-
tion should first be taken on the proposition of his
friend from Pennsylvania, and then, if that s.houid
be rejected, he was ready o go for the resolution
now off red by the gentleman from Virginia. The
rormer settled the ques'ion for two yeats- it was
Mr It's duty to give thul hts preference, and his
vote on the proposition now offered must be go-
verned by the fate ot that resolution He hoped
the gentleman would allow it now to be read.
Loud crie  of "No' No1"   "Object."
Mr. BROWN ot Pennsylvania, said he was op-
posed to taking the main question at this time. He
believed, with the gentleman from Souih Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett] that, for the sake of peace and quiet-
ness and the proiecution of the public busmesv t
would be best to make a more permanent settle
ment of the question. He admitted that he did
not feel the same deep interest in the question as
was manifested by the gentleman from Virginia
and from Georgia, he might not, perhaps, believe
that its settlement would be as beneficial to his con-
stituents as they might think it would be to their ,
he cou'd not, therefore, be expected to allow it that
poramount importance which 10 them seemed ob
vious and indisputable. Yet he appealed to
Southern gentlemen to say whether, after a ques-
tion which they considered above all others m im-
portance should have been settled by a vote of
compromise, they would be willing to throw it
afloat again at the regular meeting of Congress, to be
held in a few months'! Was not this to risk for
themselves then right.? as a whole^ He was en-
tirely milling thcie right  should be guarantied by
the rules of the House He was persuaded, if
they were allowed full and free di'cussion, they
could find some spot of common ground where the
advocates of the North and the defenders of the
South, and the people of tins District ot Columbia,
as well as the champioi s o! the right of pe'ition,
could all find their lightsseaired. While he said
this, he was desirous to show gentlemen from the
South that he < laim'-d no right to interfere with
slavery in the Sou nern Slates—not even by peti-
tion. He held nat petitions for redress of griev-
ances, of the pa itioners alone As well might those
of his constituents who were united in their wibhes
and efforts to repeal the un on of Ireland with
Great Britain—
[Here many voices called Mr B to order ]
Mr B said his proposition would show South-
ern gentlemen that they had now an opportunity,
if they thought the agi'auon of these, questions so
dangerous, to make the tml whether th y c uld
not secure their lights aid effect ihe crg¿ni7ati(n
of the Hou«e at the 'ame time
Mr B ws' here ¿bout to read again the resolu-
tion, when Mr PROFFIT oljeced to íu being
reael.
Mr B insisted that there could not be a stronger
reason urged by him against the previous qu s ion
than that he had anothei proportion which he
deemed preferab1? to that now offered
Mr. MALLORY urged the propriety of having
the papel rea1
Mr. BtlQcVN then real it as follows
"/¡«solved, That me rules and ordeis of the !?st
House of Represen tives be adapted as the rul s
and orders of tus Hoise during the pie ent Con-
gress, an J tew , nst< ai 011 >e 21st rule, the follow-
ing be adop el, 10 wt
"No pen uti, niemjnal, resolution, or other pa-
per pray ng tut ablation of •■livery m any ¡stale,
or the slave ti ide between the State-., shiH be u-
ceived by this Hou t, no¡ saall ¿n, pe ilion, me-
morial, resolu ¡uo, or otner paper pia)ini  the pbo-
lition of slavery or the late uiie in the Distnct
of CoiUHMia or any of the Tent ne- or ltit Uni ed
States be leceive^, a lie s Ihey shall be from and
signed excitiMiey by the. p n'e rea dent in the
District or Tuutory wneie sla/^ry o- th- siave
trade is dskeu to b - ao;1 h el, ~nd < s to aU such
petition*, men 01 aK, res j'auon , <r otrer paners
thus signed, the quesi,oi ot recept 0"> shall be
considered as íais^d wiipujt mo n, and s>uch
quest on of reception shall be laid on 'he table
without debate "
Would not this allow '^s House to proceed to
business? Thegendeman from Georgia [Mr Nisbet]
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
had charged upon the Democratic members of the
House an insidious designio disorganize the Houce
and impede us actiun Mr B averred that h had
voted according to the b^stdiciaes cf hi"  judg-
men>. He did not be! eve the 21 t rula to be a
good rule, and he should vi le aga nst it, but he
thought he should vole for ihe prop smon of th"
gentleman from Virginia He had offered his own
wi horn consultation with any Democratic in*>mbf>r
of the House, and he had heard but one sentiment
expressed when they had been informally assembled,
and that was that no factieus movement ought
to be made for the purpose of thwartin? the ma-
jority (They had seen quite enough of that from
tne other s de when a minority themselves ) They
had made no motion, snd but one speech, and yet
they were charged with throwing firebrands into
that House to kindle a flame of discord, and stop
the progress of publ c business. On the contrary,
they were desirous of promoting harmony of ac-
tion
Mr. MORGAN here called Mr. Brown to
order.
Tne CHAIR inquired what was the point of
order he made
Mi MORGAN said that the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania were irrelevant, and
so oat of order.
The CHAIR decided Mr Brown to be m
order.
Mr. BROWN observed that, when the charge
he alluded to against the Demociats of the House
had been made by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr NisBtr,] he had not been called to ordei,
and «uiely it w as not more out of order to reply to
the charge- than it had been to make it.
Mr BOTTS here called Mr. Brown to order
It could not be tha  such remarks were in order on
a mot on for the pievi us question.
Mr   WI3E here called M1-  Botts to order
Mi BOTTS insis ed on his objection The
gentleman fiom P.nnsylvama was replying, afiei
a motion for the previous question, to remarks
which had bun made bs ore thatq^esuon had been
moved.
The CHAIR, upon this view of the matter, de-
cided Mr Br us to have been out or order
Mr B01 TS Can he, then, proceed without
leave of th( Housji
Mr WISK    1 move he have leave to proceed,
[Cues of "Agreed, agreed "]
Mr BROWN was primmed to p oced, a d ob-
serve i mat lie h id been I¿.ugbt soiiethiug He had
son" Ireuig of tavortj tneS u h, he had once
1 ved in 011 ViiKiiiiafor six years as the gen lenian
[Mr Cott ] well knew, and he had been taught
to believe that, if there was «my thi\aliy m the
country, it «asm he South, yet here < re gentle-
man f'om Gtorgiagot up ami charged the whole
body of Democrat c m mbers wi h a desipn of pie
vei ng ihe org"nizit on of the Hi use o! R pie-
ccntatives, ?! d am ther gei'len an—fi in Vugima,
too—got up ad iio!S,ed that to r< ply i0 t^e (nirje
was uot m (n ei' Mr B 'aid ta^t njunous con-
sequences almost alwa;s sprang out of calls for the
prrv o ib quisten. A member moved th  rr"vious
questi in, another member of tne «ame p lineal
s-iJiments askedhm to wubdraw it, ha consented,
proviicd ih?t member would renew i', t>at mem-
ber renewed th" motion, and thenwindrev it at
the request of ¿t other (Í his p >hm al friend Tins
was the cruise puiMied, at u scth acoir-e m g\ t
better le t,'i¿ n<  i d a throwing fnebrands mfo the
Kiusclha nny thirgMr B or Indinen 'shaidme
T is vis'h1 fi cor^i it ihey were willing to rut
out, he hope 1 tney Would Oo it, and rut for a few
week , but fir the Cj-igriSs ei'irc, so hit, wren
they housd t> eet hero i" December, tirv migot not
meet, h firii sgamst &c Sou h Mr B vi rv
hone t / eonfes cd hat h- hoped gentlemen w< uld
never c nsumirato the business for wh <h th ma-
jor ty cd com  tegeh^r, they cciUinly n ver
b*-ou'd oo so by his vo e, bu . after they should
nave c taJi-hed a Banl , pnd dis ribu ed the public
iind-., aidreguiaed the curre icy—after they had
done all this------
[Hero "VR B was loudly catlel to order ]
Mr B s<tid this q íestion ought not to be left
open till December, he wanted at once to close the
breach He trusted their rights and liberties would
demand some of their care, and this eternal ques-
tion of Aboluion, on which political demagogues at
< ne end of the Union and at the opposite end of the
Union tiad ridden into power. He hoped the ques-
tiou would not again be stirred till tha Constitu-
tion expired, o- crumb ed mío atom*.
Mr. ALFORD of Georg a hoped he should be
permitted to submit the few remarks he wished lo
offer, without interruption, particularly as he meant
to say what he had to say m the coolest and most
dispassionate manner I had been a rule with him
throughout life, whenever he considered himself as
m imminent danger, personal or political, to keep
his mmd m as cool a state as possible He hoped
the motion for the previous question would not be
sustained. If he rightly understood the reso'uiion
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
SrDART,] the rules of order were not left by it m
a safe condition, as they had been by the resolution
of the gentleman from Maryland on his nght, [Mr
W C Johnson] He wished to know whether it
was the understanding of the ChaiR and of the
Hcdse that, by this resolution, the 21>t rule of or-
der was excluded12
Mr STUART replied that the gentleman from
Georgia must judge for himself whet er that rule
would be excluded or not, because he must judge
for himself what had bfen adopted by the House
at the present session. Mr S's, resolu, ion proposed
that all the mies adopted at the last Congress should
remain m force, save co much of them as was su-
perseded by the ?etion of the Hou e at the present
session He wouU read the resolution, that the
gentlem¿n might judge of its import [Here Mr.
S read the reso'ution moved by him ] F r him-
self, he considered the 21st rule as having been
thus mperseded
Mr ALFORD resumed Then I consider it
my most solemn duty to oppose the proposition of
the gentisman from Virginia. Ii is my sworn duly.
I have o ce pledged myself to my cons'ituents, un-
d-r oath, and 1 could not forego this course though
the dome of this Capitol should tumble on my head.
I can accept of no compromise. I shall be satis-
fi d with nothing short of an act of the House ab-
solutely rejecting the resolution I hope the House
will not organize itself untj this matter is settled.
I trUbt that every man whose heart is true lo the
South, and who his supported the resolution of the
gentleman from Maryland, never will yield one
inch until the 2Ut rule shall have been re está-
bil hfd I hold it to te^f all que tions ihe most
vitally mportant What w?s t^e condition of
thirg* w( en I came here? That 21st rule had teen
established by a voie of the Heuse— ht question
ofAbol tton nat died
Mr EVERETT h re caHed Mr Alford to cr-
der, observing that he could cot debate the mam
q'esiin afer ihe pievious question had been
moved
Ihe CHAIR decided tha* Mr A tru t confine
him eif 'o lemarkbon the pr viou   question
Mr ALFOfeD Ve'y well, 1 krow perfectly
that if im' -entie nan had power over me I should
not proc ed at all. I lankly coi fe s thf.t all I
h^jO 'or is suspended oi the expecta ion that the
Soj h v- 11 stand firn and coisent to no comf -
mis s, that those w'-o supported the resolution cf
tne gen'i man from Mai>iand will s* ck to their
integrity, and not isent to any of this patch-
work We stand here iso'a'ed a&d alon*?, on
the scire ai' staolf rock of S ate Rghts I
h pe we shad not throv rui^eives into the arms
of either party, and that I -hall revei see the ¡. lo-
ry aid h ioi of the coistitu r-al ,i;his of my
countiy converted into a fooiball for mere party
play Bat they have been made such When-
ever the South has given way, Southern lights have
bet n «acrmced. Here are gentkrren on ooth sides
declaring their a sent th't Abjliuon petition1, sha 1
be recei/ed. Nor, 1 say that it you eie'ude the
2lst ru e it is nothing to u  "iat jot gwnt us a
ooit resoite during tie extri session of thio most
extraordinary Congress Wha.' si all «e submit
to accept of a resolution which tells us that Abo
Utioa memorials may be received in fu'Ure after a
short respite of a few weeks? Is ¡hat the compro-
mise proposed to us?   And shall vt e be satisfied be-
