CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
doing so, he should trespass one hair's breadth to
the right or to the left from the line of order, he
hoped he would be pardoned by the House. He
could assure the House that hs felt the most ear-
nest solitude for the settlement of this question on
this day. It would be a úseles and unnecessary
task to go into detail, for the purpose of showing
why it Had not been disposed of before this time.
This question had led to crimination and recrimina-
tion, and fruitless debate, which could do no good,
here or elsewhere. But it could not hive escaped
the attention of the House, as it eertainly would
not escapa that of the county, ihat, on more occa-
sions than one, it had been in the power of
Southern men to have settled this question, not for
this extra session only, but for the present Con-
gress.
Mr. STANLY called the gentleman to order
on ihe ground that he was wandering from the sub-
ject.
Mr. GILMER continued. He would not ask
the indu'gence of being rl lowed to follow in ihe
foots'eps of his predecessor, inasmuch as he did
not desire to follow an evil example. Tie would
not, therefore, if the Cha:r thought his remarks
were out of order on the point which he wa: dis-
cussing, say any thing rco~?. He did not approve
of the application of the previous question in ¡his
instance, and approved of the resolution of th<s
gentleman from, Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown.] The
previous question was not always the safe: t and
surest method of despatching: business It was a
matter of far more impirtanee wi:b himself and
the gentlemen from North Carolina and South
Carolina, that this question should be settled finally
and correctly, than ihat it should be unsettled by
indefinite acion. He was well aware, however,
that we had debated this question too long, and
there were no men in that House whom he would
sooner call to his aid, in order to bring ¡t to aclo?e,
than those gentlemen. And he believed that, if the
proposition of the gentleman from Perm*-, lvania
eould be tairly compaied, fror.t to front, with that
'of his colleague, they would bs able to close this
unfcrlunaie discussion to-day. [Here Mr. G. ex-
amined and stated the effect of his co'kague's reso-
lution ]
Mr. STUART here rose and explained what he
conceived would be the effect of his resolution.
Mr. GILMER resumed by saying that, from the
reading of the resolution,  gentlemen would be at
no loss to perceioe wnat might b.* the consequences
which would result from its adoption.    There were
questions of infinite importance to ba   considered
and settled.    But while gentlemen were arranging
the furniture of the house, let them tike care that
the house itself did not take fiie.    They had been
admonished  that  this question was of  infinitely
more importance than any other that could come
before this House, and that nothing could be settled
until this  was s-eit'ed.    Ark', conceiving  that  this
resolution   of lus  colleague   did setde  the ques-
tion, but   i'iiiy   fir   this   session, and no longer,
and that,   a-   she   comme .cement   of   th   regu-
lar session in December mxi,   we should letur.i
here   to   ienew   the  qucs ion   and   the   comta',
he felr himself bound to oppo.-e the adoption of his
resolution.    He ccvended Ihat Ins colleague's pro-
position was r.o'hme; more í.orless t'„ar> a declara-
non of   wir   0,1   thi=-c.^s'iop.       AoJ  whi'c   this
H"«sehad b"cn d'xu.-.-1-.sr a qn --tir.n cf r; ¡l?ar,
another b-a-Kh,  at  ih  o'Vr   r"d  r.(   lleCapio!,
had been dcbaistr; a q;ie.t;.-.-i oí   foreign  ^.-\r, and
the public ir. nd had i'<"=r. ;ri,l; 'I'll  med f.r.d -x-
cited on  ihe sgi'a'ieii of   the r-iihj-ct of  Abolition
here.    He repeated, then, that i-.e. went for tt-e pro-
position of ¡he   ¡>pi:l;cnr.ii  fr n  P^nnsvH'ania be-
cause it seined  the question .. ' the present   Con-
gress.    Ami he asked ifgentlcrrc 1 did  not  see an
advantage in thai?    Still jrentlem^n  who exhibited
such aeory he«i ated to soldo t!>i- qn"«'ton !    But
le' pernio, im tune in her that ;f it i« to be put at re*t,
it must be upon some such ba^is a« thi=.    He 'rust-
ed,   then,   'hat  thoe two   proposition;   would  be
be brought fairly beto-v it. For himsotf be deiUied
that he w< not de irons to discuss  the main ques-
tion, at all, nor to ; osvcop the subject  till   Decem-
ber.    Eut ho w> ¡Id warn pcmlemun not to unsettle
the public sentiment of the country in settling this
point of order. He confessed that he was surprised
at the remark of the gentleman from Tennessee
when he said that he looked with disgust upon the
proposition of the gentleman from Penr.ivlvania,
because the gentleman belonged to a different par-
ty. He (Mr. G.) would say, as respected himself,
that on this question he knew no party; he looked
only to the Constitution, to the great interests of
the country, and to the interés,s of his constituents.
He implored gentlemen not to permit sectional or
local prejudices to enter inte the settlement of this
question. He would now conclude with saying
that he would vote against the previous question.
Mr. STUART said that he would speplr upon
the mam question, and not upon the propriety of
calling the previous question. He had a few words
to say in regird to the. resolution which he h,-,d had
the honor to submit. It appeared to him ihat this re-
solution involved no principle whatever. He
would say that the remaik made by his frieF.d
from Virginia to show that the previous question
ought not now be put, because it involvrd matter
of principle, was entirely unfounded. It was a
question of time and not of principle; it was a
question as to when the House should consider the
question, and not as to how they should settle it.
The propo-ilion he (Mr. S.) had had the honor to
submit adjourns the question over to a more suita-
ble period, but the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proposed to settle the question
now—to go into ihe wuole subject of reception
of Abolition petitions. Now, he would say
that Congress having been convened to consi-
der questions of the utmost importance, they
ought not to go into the consideration of other
business than that which they were here to de-
spatch. Had they they not better go home to
their constituents and ascertain what their opi-
nion was in regard to these erating topics? He en-
tsined no fears on this subject. He did not boast
of having firmer neives than other gentlemen; but
he looked with contempt on the cry that there was
danger to be apprehended from this question of
Abolition. He proposed by his resolution to post-
pone the settlement of this question till the regular
se?s,on of Cong/ess, and when the proper time ar-
rived he would tell gentlemen, as a Southern man,
he would be found standing shoulder to shoulder
with them, He w«uld be found as f rni us his
friend from Virginia [Mr. Gilmer] was m his
maintenance of Southern rights. But, at present,
the question was as to the mede and manner in
which this question should be disposed of for the
present. He wanted to know what Northern men
meant by their efforts to trample upon Southern
rights. Hi would pledge himself in hb place that
at the proper time he wou.d meet gentlemen of ail
parties to give theo: an opportunity to di-.cu-s this
subject to the bcltom, and not id a sp:rit of vio-
lence and denunciation, not in a spirit of anger and
vituperation, but in a spirit that became an Ame-
rican statesman.
Mr. WÍS3 rese and made some remark'? :n re-
ply to what h?d fallen from the gentleman i rom
Georgia, [Mr. Nisbet,] which h" concluded by say-
¡rg that be to'k the rebuke admini.-.'ercd to hi-a
in the utmost kindness and nood-wil:. He then
proceed to notice tba rere-' rbs c.' the gjn; e-
men .'rom Gvorsia, [elr. Gímele] and these
of the genllomrn fren Teine--<ee a; d K-n-
ttv-ky, -'lid o'h' '.' . Advert-r.- to ".hat had
fa'l-n fitji Mr. SrrtRT-, he 1 ¡"narked that he
h.---< no ebj 'e'ion to break a hvee with that gen-
tl-m.-.n, tither no.v or ir. D'cember next, en this
question. He u"d '..«vrd it' vnd that Norther  rren
had declared thn' tney -vould not organize this
House until Sou'hern men ccknowledsred their
ri'¡ht to present Abolition petitions her". fVrw tl..s
va? the mo«t fearful isr-ue that had ever boe.i rrs-
s?>.ted to the Coiuress of the United State; This
was 'he most fcar'ul question that had ever been
p-esertted to th? Noilh and the South. The rffeef
0; the previous qii".tion would load, as b.e col-
leacue before him had said, to the postponement o!~
this question for this se-sion. He (Mr. W.) ob-
jected to uV previous q-jestion, especially as it
would leave this battle on the subject of Abolition
pptition« exactly where it was now. He begaed to
be permitted to say that if he had lost any thing by
taking a strong position, the South had lost more.
His triend from Tennessee assigned as a reason
why the South could not hold on to the ground it
had taken, the fact that the next census would re-
duce its strength here below what it was at present.
Mr. W. then went on to argue that that very fact
was the strongest possible reason why the South
should not yield what it had already held.
Mr. MARSHALL said that he knew this question
had been discussed at great length over and over
again, ever since the commencement of the ses-
sion, and therefore he would not detain the House
any longer than was absolutely necessary to en-
able him to say what he desired on this occasion.
After stating what he supposed to be the real state
of the question before the House, be went on to
say that, if any thing stronger than another could
be urged in favor of this resolution, it was the fact
that both the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] and Virginia [Mr. Wise] were opposed to
it loto mlo. The gentleman from Massachusetts
voted against u because it violated his principle,
and the gentleman from Virginia did so for the
same reason. And both having thought so, it must
be right. [Laughter.] Mr. M. having here sta-
ted the character of the different resolutions which
had been befoie the House, and the state of the
question then pending, went on to remark, in a
jocular vein, that if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and the gentleman from Virginia had been
left out of this House, this question as to the pre-
sentation of Abolition petitions would hare been
settled long ago. No jv, in making this remark, he
meant no di-respect to either of the gentlemen.
Ar.d he would say here that no man on that floor
admired the gentleman from Virginia more than
he did.
Mr. M. here traced the history of the various
motions in respect to the § 1st rule, and then went
on to say that gent'emen might stir this A.boiition
question as they pleased, but there were questions
far morí  important to be disposed of; and there were
gentlemen on ¡bat floor who cared no more about
Abolitionism than they did for the paring of his
nail, and they would vote either way. And for
wnat? To destroy the action of this House, for
the parpóse of disgracing this House and the party,
and throwing the odium upon tho-.e who brought
the late President into power. But our living Pre-
sident would not be «sponsible for it. He had
been told, without mentioning name?, that there
are certain friends of the living President of the
United States, made so by tbe act 0' God, and not
so by the aid of his (Mr. M';) constituents, for they
voted for Tip as sure as your are born, who have
prophesied that this session would come to nothing,
and that it was all humbutrgery.
[The Speaker called to order. Cries of "Go on,
go on."]
Mr. M. continued. He had s en in ihe Virgi-
nia papers a remark tbit he had spoken too much
already, when, in fee', be had sail but very little.
Nov.-h= bsd notnstri: to s:p as from any vanity
that he had to p.-itify, nuriVom the attention which
tne House was pleas-ed to bestow upon his remarks,
as was raamfetted by the gathering.around him of
crowds el members. [Much laughter.] He was
per'ecly astonished that any gentlemen on that
rl or would wish to plj.ee Congress in the same
t-imntion in which it then wae; and yet here was a
reiror'ty votmsr to s'op all it  proceedings. These
men wou'd boast, when they got he.rae, that they
hud dore a1', they couM do, ft.rf.is ¡tul nefas, to baf-
fi  the ro-ioriiy Heavens and earth! had we
«ache i this pe--nt of affairs, no matter to what parly
we heioPTed,as repre-ertativesot the American peo-
ple? And had we come to this—that, no matter
what measures were proposed here, the minority
were determined to throw e'rery obstacle in the
way? And for what? To disgrace Congress and
the country.
Every gentleman present had taken the oath to
support'th? Constitution and laws of the country;
¡hen be would ask how any man could sit there and
ac,- as he had indicated, viz: to thwart, baffle, and
bring disgrace, if possible, upon the party now in
power, and that merely for the purpose of gaining
a party triumph? God, in his infinite mercy, for-
bid such a state of things as this!   Now, he would
