é¿
say that if there was a proposition upon earth in
•which the gentleman from Virginia and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts could agree, then he (Mr.
M.) would go for it. [Laughter.] He would tell
the gentleman from Massachusetts that he would
forgive him if he would go along with him and
assist in organizing tr.i; House. In the name
of our common country, (said Mr. M.) let
ns postpone this Abolition question, until the
regular session in December next, when we
will have "ample time to discass this and othir
important and exciting questions. And if tKe
gentleman would forego the further discussion of
this question until that time, ho would meet him
upon it, and he had no doubt, notwithstanding all
the learning and talent of the gentleman irom
Massachusetts, that he would d< feat him on that
occasion. Mr. T. would vote for this proposition
or any other that would result in the organization
of the House.
Mr. WISE replied, but by request the publica-
tion of his remarks is postponed until they shall
havebeen revived.
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana denied that the
Democratic party was iesoon>ible for the disorgani-
zation of this House. it could not be so, when
the Whig patty was he.e in a majority of fifty.
Gentlemen had here an illustration how dangerous
it was to put together the odds and ends of all par-
ties, which, when once brought together, could not
be kept united for an hour. Let the V/hig parly
destroy its majority by irieir proceedings, and iben
the Democratic party would step in and set them
an example of organization and attention to the
public business. The Democratic party was bound
together by. principle, and if the majority would
agree to retire from the Hail,'hat mm-iity would
organize the House without further Jel.iy.
Mr. BROWN of P.uUdolj.liiü ios* to speak.
Objection was made that Mr. B. had addressed
the House t efore on the san.e question.
And the Speaker deciding that under the parlia-
mentary law the objection was a valid one, gave
the flcor to
fe* Mr. CUSHING, who said that as a member of
the Whig party on this iioor, he accepted the im-
putation of the gentleman írom indiana, [Mr.
Kennedy.] and which w.is about to be repeated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown ]
1 say (continued Mr. C ) that it is our fault if this
House be cILorgadized. We are in the ma-
jority—we have a maj >riiy of forty—and we
axe responsible to our country, to the Constitu-
tion, and to our God, for the discharge of our
duty here. It is our duty to proceed to the
organization of the IIou-<e, to the trt nsaclion
ot tlie business for which the country tent
us here. And I appeal to the Whu party
on tin* floor that they do their ditty—that tiny act
manfully and expeditiously, and that, howsoverlhc
House may otganize, nuder whan ver rutes, or un-
der no rules at all; lor I am prepared, if this reso-
lution he not adopeJ,to cal! upon the Speaker for
the second leading of a bill fio¡n the Ssoa'c, now
upon the table, and to mo^e that we proci el with it
under t'te p.uJiamcn'ary law. We otui go on' un-
der that. We ar; a iJoase, with a Speaker, CU-rk,
and officeis; arid v.-heih r we have ¡ules- or not is
immaieria1. We can pruned as the Commons in
England do. We eta act Hpo.i bilis by referring
them to a Cominee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union, or to select committees, if ti-.tre aie no
standing committees. And Í am piopsred, if the
House cannot te ogin.ztd under the proposition
now before us, for the purpose oflesling the qoee,-
tion and enabling the coui.tiy to set: whose fault it
is that we do not go on with its bu.-iness, to call at
once for the action of the House upon that bill
under the parliamentary law. Once more I appeal
to the Whig p^rty, for paiiy lines, lite , are n.r,v
about to be drav n; I appeal to the Wh.g party,
to the friends oí the Ait ministra! ion—and I re-
cognise but one, and that is i he administration of
John Tyler—t'tat is the Administration, and I
recognise no other in the United States at this
time; I appeal 10 the Administration party, to
the friends of the administration of John Tyier,
that at this hour they come to the rescue of their
country, and organize th« House, under whatever
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rule?; becnise, if we do not, we shall [become, as
we are row becoming, the laughing-Hock, the
scorn, the conlempt, of the people of these United
Stales. We shall become so—we are becoming
so. And the time will come, if this House perse-
veres Congiess after Congress, (remembering that
at the beginning of the last Congress we exhibited
the ignominious sptctaele of being thirty days in
our ergtr.niZition, and that now again more thaa a
fortnight h'.s heon consumed in the same prelimi-
nary process:) I say that if this spectacle is to be
repeated Congres.; after Congress, and we are to
hoid ourselves up to the eyes of the American peo-
ple and of the universe, as representatives of the
people it is true, but as representatives incompetent
to perform the duties of Government, the time will
come, the time rntisi come, when another Crom-
well will be justified by the people in puie-ing
these balls. The time must and will come wh.-n
another Napoleon will say, as N T-oleon did say to
Le Fovre, in lite lime of the Fre.tch Directory,
"Join with me in saving our country;'-' an I when
the reply will he, as that of Le Pcvre wr-s, '-Yes,
let us throw these adveca'e; in'o the river:" for it
is word:., words word?, and noiluti  but words in
this House. Once moie I entreat gentlemen to
act, and I v.ill set the example by taking my sea .
After some rental ks from Mr. DAVIS of Ken-
tucky and Mr. DAVIS of New Yotk,
Mr. STANLY took the floor. After speaking
for some time as to what qnari-r the disorganiza-
tion of the Hotr-'e was attributable, during which
he called those Democrats who voted for the 21st
rule last Congress, "hypoeri'ieal wretchr:;"
Mr. BROWN of Philadelphia rose and a-dted
the Speaker whether it was in order to use snch
epithets in debate; lor, if it wa«. he nvght claim
the privilege of uiing his share of the m hereafter
Mr. STANLY r.poh>g z,-d to the House, if he
said any thins: wrong, e.nd raid ihs gentleman from
Pennsylvania might take his shale of them if he
liked.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from North
Carolina was not in order, to uso such language.
Mr. STANLY. Well, Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to
sly a word to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Gii.mdb ] He told us that, in this matter, "he
knew no party." Well, sir, upon several rs-atters
of great impoitance no party knows that gentle-
man. So,then, he and parties are ¡land about
even.
Here Mr. ERIGGS called to orde-.
Well, said Mr. Stanly, I will say a word to
another Virginian, [Mr. Wise ] I am :;!ad to fee
my friend from Virginia—personal, not political
tiKiid, I mean; for, af er his declaration, a lew mi-
nutes smce, I do not ncogtuic him ai a political
friend. I part with him; f.n.i, if he embairás^'.-
and opposes his friends as he has for tin.' past foti-
nifiht, we had belter not h-ive his help.
Mr. WiSK said he hid never been the political
ftiei'd ot that gentleman.
Mr. S. Mr. Speaker, I think that a. master if
little consequence; hut I have ;>ow excoenmunic-
ted htm hr t,
Mr. J. L. WHITE of Ind'ana spoke in favor of
the pievhui question, sn t replied in ieiii¿rks sut-
milteel yesterday by Mr. Tl^d if New York, in
¡eiauon to the alleged despotic abus-e of thai ques-
tion. He replied also to the íemarkr of his col-
league, [Mr. Kennedy,] and alluded to thepolit-
cal i elation:! which he hold in his Congressional dis-
trict.
Mr. RAYNER disclaimed the insinuation which,
he f aid, was conveyed in the remarks of toe num-
ber from M.-.stachusetts, [Mr. Ccshisg,] and called
upon the Whigs to orgamzi the House in the man-
ner in which it kad been organized since the forma-
tion of ihe Government.
In reply to a remaik of Mr. Stanly, Mr. R. re-
marked that if he (Mr. R ) was novv united with
men who I ad differed with him heieiofore, it was
be-cause he did not choose to desert the path of duty
becau e other r.cn who had heretofore differed with
him might be found voting on his side.
Mr. R. was proceeding to reply to other parts of
Mr. Stanly's remarks, but was calied to order.
Mr. GORDON of New York, protested, with
muvh animation, against the course pursued by
the Whig party towards the minority during the is
last two weeks. He desired to know whether, be- f-|
cause one portion of the House happened to out- |.|
number the other, that was a sufficient reason for |i
trampling upon them, and forcing, in the most il
arbitrary' manner, the previous question upon them. M
What, said he, are men who have been sent here f '
to represent their conslituen-s, to be gagged, and '•' "
cut off by such odious tyranny'?                                    v •
Mr. G. was here interrupted by loud cries of     '[ "
"order" from the Whigs, bu in a very loud voice,
he said,  Le should petsist in beeping  the  floor,
which he did, until he had denounced the odious
system of coercion in very strong language.   -
The following is a brief outline t f the remarks
of Mr. G. after the attempt to drown his voice by
cri'S of "orden"                                                         '
He said, I feel  bound, Mr. Speaker, to  state      :.
briefly the reasons why I  shall vote against the     \
previous question.    I regret that I  am  compelled
to break si'ence en so nanow and restricted a ques-
tion.    But, sir, sentiments have been uitered here
by member  ot  the  majority of this He-use from
the: North, on Abolitionism, that I utterly condemn       ,
and disapprove.   I wish to answer the.n.    I feel
bound to state the grounds of my opposition to this       ¡
attempt to s'ifl-- debate, and to prevent a full ex-
pression of vteivs and sentiments, after so much
time has been spent in the discussion of the twenty-
fir.- 11 ule, and so much has been said on one side
only.
1 he r>- asons, then, why I shall vote against the
previous question, arc these. I shall vote agaitist
it beeause it is despotic and odious in its character
at all times, having originated in a feeling kindred
to that which give rise to the sedition law, which
for a loni time marked, and the principle of which
still merits, the politic. 1 division of patties in this :
country.
Again, sir, I shall vote against the previous ques-
tion jit this time, to the give minority on this floor an
opportunity to express for themselves their own
sentiment, and the sentiments of the Democratic
party at the North on Abolitionism.
Be it remembered that the discussion of the 21st
rule, and all connected with or growing out of it,
with one solitary exception, has been exclusively ¡
confined to, and engrossed by, members of the ma-
jority here, while the minority have been wholly
unable to obtain the floor, to participate in the de-
bate.
But, sir, so far as the Northern portion of the
majoriiy in this House have spoken on this sub-
ject of Abolitionism, I deny'that they have uttered the
sentiments of the Democratic pany at the North.
I wish to give to the cninouty on this fl"or an op-
portunity to speak for themselves-; to show to their
brethren of die üoulh that the Democratic portion
of the people a* the North sympathize wim them ;
that they understand ihe rights of theSemh under
t'ie gn ranee! of the Constnution, and will not suf-
fer those rights to be invaded.
I shall vota against the previous question, to
giin an opportunity to ihow tu this House and to
toe nation that the revision line between Abo'i-
tionism and an'i-Aboiiiionism is not Mason and
D.xoii'o line—¡hat the division, so far as the North
is concerned, is not a geographical, but a political
dinei'i.1. 1 desire an opportunity to show that the
roajori'y/m this floor represent abolitionism. Vote
down the previous question, remove this gaw Ja-.v
of the House, and give me an opportunity, and I
pledge myself to prove to the House and to the
Soush that Abolitionism at the North is a consti-
tuent part of that part/ represented by the majority
on this ibor.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON said that he rose to
trespass but a moment on the time of the House.
In the present aepect of the qtus-ion, ar-d the .«cope
of the debate which had been had upon it, he felt
it a duty to say a few words.
No one was more anxious than himself that (his
debate should terminate; that this House should
act upon propositions, and c¿ase to debate them.
No one regretted more than he did that confusion
hid so long exis'ed in the hall. No one was more
anxious than himself to see order restored, and
this House ia a condition to progress wnh the
reguiar legislation of the tation.   He regiefed,
