CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
6§
also, that he could not vote to sustain the previous
question, anxious as he was to fee the vote taken
upon it. He could not vote for it because, if sus-
tained, it would force a vote upon a proposition
which could not bu amended; and, without an
amendment, he could not, with his principles and
sense of high duty, vote for it.
He did not bei'ieve that Congress had any power
to abolish slavery in any State, or in this Distiict.
He believed that it was not only a violation of the
Constitution to receive such inflammatory pelbions
on the subject, and to consider them, but that it
was also a violation of the spirit ot the Constitu-
tion to entert.-ur. discussion in this hall upon such
petitions. Therefore he could vote for no proposi-
tion that entertained them. Should the previous
question not be sustained, and he could get ¡he
fbor, he would move to reinstate the 21st -rale of
the last House, and would move the previous ques-
tion upon ii; lor he was against all further d;bate
upon any proposition which might be submitted.
He wjuII not indulge in censare upon any por-
tion of this House, nor upon portion of the South-
ern Whigs or Northern anti-Administration mem-
bers, nor «pon either of the two national partes m
this Hall.
With the motives of members he had nothing to
do—acting upon h'gh responsibility himself, he was
willing to believe that all others wete governed by
the best motives.
He was;constrained to sr.y, al-o, that he could
allow no members on this floor to make issues for
him, and every gentlemen should judge of his own
sense of public duty. He au'horizcd no one to
speak for hi in. He would stand where he had ever
stood in this Hull. Let exci'ement run h;gh and
wild, he trusted that it wou'd not unsettle his mind
flora its firm balance. Pre--ures on the right band j
or on the left wou-d not f ¡bow hirn fiom what he |
regarded the pith oí" pur.c.ple ?n ' of duty. He
had entered into no understanding, neither for the
presen! nor the future; nor was he aware that any
had either been made or entertained. He should
pursue his can course as he had always dene, with-
out asking who was on hi? right hand or his left.
Those gentlemen who voted as he had voted, he
had no doubt were animated by the same high mo-
tiyes, standing upon principle, and acting for the
good of the House and the nation. Gentlemen
who were so anxious to maintain their own princi-
ples should not be astonished if otheis who differed
with them were equally tenacious and firm of pur-
pose.
And he would conclude with one word for the
consideration of those gentlemen wh-i where in fa-
vor of the question now before the Hoih-e, and who
were so eloquent in complaint of delay. Would
they not be better tacticians if they would debate
less? They complained of delay, and did most of
Ihe speaking. He would inculcate his precept by
exa-viple, and tprrrbiuc his remarks.
Mr. V/INTHROP said that he dtd not desire to
prolong th's debate, or to increase th-? exei'.emetu
which existed in ifee House; but he could not sit
entirely quiet under a chars;  which had been re-
peatedly Diado arainst the No:them member-:, and
againsi himself as one of tt-rn. It bed been ta'd
by iha hoaoi ib e gentiestan from Njrtn Cato'iiia
[Mr. Raykür] mat the Northern members h -.d re-
fused to consent to the organization of the House
untd they lud ''glttted thr-ir vengeance" upon
somebody or something.
In reLrion to this charpe, Mr. W. <el' bund to
rcniin.; the House, an • to icm.nd tVc-'iiniry of a
single fact: th  House had once been ofga'.iztd. Ov.
Saturday evening, whdti we aojour.itd, we had
rules—we had committees—eve were sntuely oiga-
nized, and ready to proceed to the discharge of tae
public business. We bid ab'o, be would add, a
resolution airea iy adopted, under which Abolition
pei'l'Di;, together with alt other petitions on iub-
j^cts not r forred to in the President's message,
wete fxc'.udrd iivm die House during the pie ent,
session. And no , how had it happened '.ha we
were disorganized a-'ain? Had Northern Whigs
voted for such a step? Mr. W. left it fearlessly to
th" country to say, on an examination of the re-
cord, who was responsible for such a state of
things.
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana, leplicd 10 the re-
marks of1 his colleaeue [Mr. J. L. White] in re-
paid to his [Mr. KV-1 relation to his Congressional
district, and gave a distinct answer to the interróga-
lo put to hitn by his coileage as to "what he was,
and where he came from'!"
I came, said Mr. K. from the beautiful and free
formed State of Indiana, which I could almost call
my native State, having grown up from a boy in
that State, and having from my childhood lived
always among those who sent me here. I doubt
whether my colleague can say as much ! I c.in
say more : I have come from one of the largest,
oldest, and most respectable districts of that State; a
portion of which district, although largely opposed
to me in politics, long trusted their interests in the •
State Legislature to my hands. Such have teen the
tokens of respect and confidence extended to me by
the people from whence I came. Can my colleague
say as much?
My coiieague asks " how I ca"nc here?" Í will
tell hitn. I caiae here with a majority of over
fourteen hundred votes over one of the strongest men
ia my State. Yes, more: I have not only suc-
ceeded by that majority over one, but Ihaven'c-
ceeiUd by that majority over ftp/), of ihe most po-
pular men of th~ Stan of Indiana. And, said Mr.
K. I have no doubt I could have beaten half a
dozen just as easy.    (Roars of lauihter.)
I hope my cutieegue is now answered, said he,
as to where I am from, and how I came here. (Re-
newed laughter )
Now, said Mr. K , while I am up, I will just
inform 'he Hon.-e lhat I am not ipnoiant of v here i
my coil-ague " comes from," and '■ ho<" he got
here." He knew lhat his colleague bared from
¡in old and respec'able district, one, too, whv-h had
been heretofore represented by able and w -nhy
men, sa-Jngnothing of Us present re¡>iese>üatire'
A--' to t-.e m'iimr in which ny colleague got
herp, said Mr. K., I will only say ihfet be came
here with iears in his eyes, under the broad mantle
of popularity which covered our lately deceased
President.
After some remarks from Mr. WELLER, in
opposition to the previous question, during which
he was called to order, leave was given to him to
proceed to order.
Whereupon Mr. WELLER said t':at he most
respectfully deel ned to speak here by the permis-
sion of the House; and as, if he went on, he might
say somethms not vers musical to the ears of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Wauke ,] who had
objected to his p.oeeedmg without pLrrúiss on, he
wmld respectfully tske leave o!' tbe Sceakerand
of the House fur the present.   (Roars of laughter.) i
And here ¡he debate terminated.
and the demand for the previous question was
seconded,
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the Honre,
which was ordered.
And  the   u:.ual   proceedings having been srone
through, and   216   member  ansvteriig to   tucir i
ní-me--', all further proceedings en the cad, by a vote .
of yeas 122, nays 87, wi-ie su-.pei.ded.                      ¡
And the qoestioii ri.curr.ng on creenng the main ;
questio-:,                                                                  |
Mr. COGGÍ 1ST inquire 1 of ihe Cr.iAicsa wK-.'i?r, '
if the Housv refused to siva-a 'he call for ihe ¡
previous question, tbe subject would be t..h"n |
from under the constderaUon oí ihe House for j
fhisdat?                                                                  ¡
T.;e SPEAKER said that, vinler the pariiamen- ;
tary law, sneh would b- the effec .                         |
Mr.- COLES asked the je-is and nays oa or-'er- I
ing the rrtain quest.cn, n'hi.-h were ordered, and j
being tal'en, were:—yt-is 113, nays 101.                  I
So th" main question wus ordered to be no-v ;
tahen.                                                                      i
Mr. WELLER Eslrcd the yew and nays oí :h; \
man question; which were ordered, i.nd beijg I
taken, vere as foltovs:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Landcil W. Andie-v-,
¡3. J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycri"g, Bibcock. Baker,
Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, ISoardraan, Ber-
den, Baits, Btiggs, Brockway, Biors--n, M. Srown,
Jerem.ah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Thos. J. Campbell, Cwuthers, Childs,
Chittenden, John O.  Cíaik. Staley  N.   Clarke,
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cashing,
Garrett Davis, Wm. C. Dawson, Deberry, John
Fdwardí, Everett, Fesseu-Jen, Fillmore, A. L.
Foster, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gen-
try, Giddmgs, Goggtn, P. G. Goode, Greig, Ha-
bersham, Hall, William S, Hastings, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, Hunt, James Iivin, William
W. Irwin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Law-
rence, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Ma-
thiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne, Owsley, Pendle-
ton, Pope, Powell, Promt, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Russell,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Shepperd, Simonton, Slade,
Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Stokely, Strattcn, Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro, J. B. Thompson, Richard
W. Thompson, Tilimghast, Toland, Tomliason,
Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Wanen, Washington, Edward D.
White, Joseph L. Whbe, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, A. Young, and
John Young—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Arlington,
Alherton, Bants, Eeeson, Bidlaek, Bowr.e, Boyd,
Brewster, A. V. Brown, Charles Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Busier, William Butler, William 0.
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell,
John Campbell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton,
Coles, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John B. Dawson,
Dean, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert,
Ferris John G. Fioyd, Chas. A. Floyd, Fornance,
Gerry, Gilmer, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gra-
ba, ii, Gustme, Harris, John Hastings, Hays,
Holmes, Hopkine, Hoivk, Hubard, Hunter, Ia-
gertoll. Jack, William C. Johnson, Cave Johnson,
John W. Jones, Isaac D. Jones, Keirn, Andrew-
Kennedy, King, Lit J-field, Lowell, Abraham
MeClellan, Robert McClellau, McKay, Mallory,
Maic:sa.id, A. Marshall, J. T. Mason, Mathews,
Mediil, Meriwether, Miller, Newhard, Oliver,
Parmenter, Partiidge, Payne, Pickens, Plutner,
Rayner, Reding, Rencher, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Snyder, Sol-
iera, S!eenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Tumey, Van
Buren, Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook,
James W. Williams, Wise, and Wood—103.
So the House resolved that all the rules and or-
ders of the last House of Representatives, not su-
perseded by any rule or r.solution adopted at the
prrsent session and now ia ¡orce, b¿, and the same
are hereoy, a ¡opted for the regulation of the House
at the present session; arid lhat the Select Commit-
tee upon the rules, heretofore raised, proceed to
revise and amend the rules hereby adopted, and
that they have leave to report at all times.
Mr. STANLY rose and said that the House
wa-> now nearly organized; one more vote and the
organ'zation would be completed beyond ihe power
of any gentlemen to disturb it. To secure that
obj'ct, te moved a reconsideration of the vote just
tasen.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS demanded the pre-
vious qtiestio.-; which was seconded.
And .he mam question was oideiei.
And ihe main qoestioa (being on the reconside-
ration) was taken, and decided in the negative
wrhoat a division.
Po the vote was noi reconsidered.
And ihe House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thorsdav Jurw 17,1841.
Mr.  TALLMADG3 presented a memorial of
ci'izers of New York, in favor of the passage of a
geni ral bankrupt law;
And a nnmonal from citizens of Miilersburgh,
Ohio, for a similar object; which were respective-
iv referred to the Comtaitiee on the Judiciary.
' Mr. MSRR'CK presented a memorial from ihe
directors of the Union Ba-dt of Georaetown, pray-
inz for a i extension of time to wind up its con-
cern.-; which was referred to the Committee on the
DisttiCt of Columbia.
REMOVAL'S FROM OFFICE.
Mr.  BUCHANAN submitted   the   following,
he would ask to lie on ihe table and be printed:
Resolved, That the President of the Uni'ed States
be requested to caus3 to be communieated to the.
