64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate a list of all the removals from office or j
public employment of any kind whatsoever which j
have been made by himself, or by the Secretaries
of State, of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy,
respectively, or by the Postmaster General or At-
torney Genera!, or under the authority of either,
since the 4th day of March last, stating therein
particularly the names of the persons removed, and
the names of those appointed; and that he be fur-
ther requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate a list of all the removals from office or pub-
lic employment of any kind whatsoever which have
¿een made since the 4th day of March last by the
different Collectors of Customs or other officers,
whose removals and appointments-are submitted to
the Secretary of the Treasury for confirmation,
stating therein particularly the names of the per-
sons removed, and the names of those appointed;
and that he be further requested to cause to be
communicated to the Senate a list of all the remo-
vals from office or public employment of any kind
Whatsoever made by the deputy Postmasters
throughout the United States, whose compensation
amounts to $2,000 and upwards, per annum, stat-
ing therein particularly the names of the persons
removed and the names 'of those appointed.
SURVEY OF THE COAST OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following re-
solution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform the Senate wheiher or not the
survey of the coast from Apalachicola bay to the
mouth of the Mississippi river, as directed by the
7th section of the act of Congress of July 20, 1840,
has been executed, and, if so, that he communicate
to the Senate the report made thereon.
PUBLIC LANDS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. NICHOLSON submitted the following re-
solution, which was considered and aereed to:
Mesolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the^ expediency of
amending.the bill to distribute the proceed* ot the
public lands by providing—
That in full satisfaction of the claims of tl:e
State of Tennessee for her failure to obtain the ad-
vantages and immunities of the citizens ef the
Northwestern Territory, which was secured to her
by the act of cession by North Carolina, and sub-
sequent acts of Congress, and in full satisfaction
of any claim she may have, or hereatter may have,
for her services in surveying, settling and perfect-
ing titles to the public lands remaining unsold in
her limits, the United Slates relinquishes to the
said State all the proceeds of the sales of said lands
after satisfying all the claims of the officers ami
soldiers ot the Statu uf North Carolina as provided
for in the act passed on the — day of February,
1841, entitled an act further to amend an act enti-
tled an act to authorize the State of Tennessee 10
perfect titles to the vacant and unappropriated
lands within her limits.
THE POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. MERRICK suhmi'ted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to the Senate
any information in his pi'sscsdon jehtive to the
causes which have led to '.he delay in the repairs of
the Potomac Bridge.
The CHAIR submitted a message from ¡he
President of the United Slates, transmitting reports
of the Secretary of State in compliance with a
resolution of the 12 h ioitant, calling tor orders
sent to officsrs of the Army and Navy,
&c. in relation to political interference in elec-
tions, die.
Also, in compliance with a resolution of the same
date, a copy of the instructions to the Commission-
ers to investigate the public workj in the city of
Washington.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, in compliance with a resolution of the 8th
instant calling for the amount of Treasury notes
issued prior to the 4^h day of March last, &c.
These communications were severally laid or. the
table, and ordered to be printed.
BANKS OP THE DISTRICT.
The bill to revive and extend the act for the in-
corporation of the banks in the District of Colum-
bia was taken up on its second reading.
Mr. EVANS said it was probable that this bill
would give rise to an extended discussion, and
wonld interfere with the special order. He hoped,
therefore, that the bill would be laid over until to-
morrow.
Mr. MERRICK had no expectation that any
protracted debate would occur on this bill, but as
he did not wish to interfere with .the special order,
he would consent to its postponement with the un-
derstanding that it should be taken up to-morrow
and disposed of.
CONDITION OF THE  FINANCES.
Mr. EVANS, who was entitled to the floor,
replied at great length to the remarks of Mr.
Woodbury.
Mr. WRIGHT, after a few preliminary obser-
vations in reference to the remarks of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] and all that had been
said about the great and extraordinary proofs
which were to be given to the public, of the ex-
travagance and wasteful expenditure of the late
Administration, proceeded to show the failure of
those proofs in the document in which they were to
be expected—rthe leport of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The moment the party which had
vaunted of tnose proofs became the party in
power, the late Administration was charged with
having plunged the country deeply and dangerously
in debt. One of the objects of this discussion is
to ascertain the truth or f Usity of that charge. If
it is a fact, let the countiy have it. Up to
this day the chargs has been of extrava-
gance and reckless expenditure. Now, it is
asserted by the Senator from Maine that the
late Administration is obnoxious to the charge of
parsimony and niggardly forbearance in expendi-
ture; almost to an extent to merit impeachment.
These various and eontiadictory complaints fall
in such rapid succession, that it is evident some of
them must be without foundation; which, he would
not pretend to say. With regard to the power of
the lite Secretary of thu Treasury, either 10 exceed
or restrain necessary expenditures, he (Mr.
Wright) should suppose that as an Executive offi-
cer he was bound by two con alterations, both
limited by the will and power of Congies*.
One of these must be its measures of appro-
priation ; and the other in measures of fur-
n'shing means to meet those appropriations.
He had till now supposed that the Secretary of the
Treasury was not to be arraigned if he manifested
a disposition to expend the means in his hands
on the objects for which those means had been ap-
propriated. The Sraa'or, in his remaiks, accuse?
the late Secretary of the Treasury of having kept
his Department miserably poor—and that, too, at
the very time he is aesus?d of extravagant expen-
diture. But he has no! shown what power hp had
to do otherwise. Congress supplies means to the
Treasury. Those means are proportioned to
the demands oa the Department. Now, it
may so happen that, after the adjournment
of Congress, thr officer in chirge ot that De-
partment finds that the means furnished will not
meet the demand; upon him. What is his duty?
He his but two courses of acion—either to apply
ib  means he has, as far as they will go, and wút
for the next meetrg of Congress to supply ihe de-
ficiency, or, if delay cannot be admitted, to make
a c*ll of Congress to provide lor the exigency. The
difference between the hi o Administration and the
present is this: that with which he (Mr. Weight)
acted, thou: hi it was its diity to employ ihe rnrans
carefully and discreetly, as far as they.would <*o.
That with vhtch th« Senator from Mains acts'
now, with means to cover all expenditures lili the
ordinary sesshu of Concrcts, issue, its .summons to
call an extra session. Time has elapsed, and we
aie told that the Administration is disappointed
that the means ef the year &'e not as large 'as ex-
pected for the objects ot the year. Yet we are
called together to inerease the difficulty by the ex-
pense of an extra session, the real object of which
is, to establish an inttitudon for which a subscrip-
tion of millions must be raised; and, to make room
for it, to repeal the constitutional agency of the Gk>-
| vernment without a fair test of its efficacy.
With these preliminary remark?, forced from
him by the very able argument he had heard from
the Senator from Maine, in answer to the
powerful and convincing exposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire, he (Mr. Wright) proposed
to address himself technically to the Secretary of
the Treasury's report, and see how far the Secre-
tary's conclusions are justified by his arguments.
The Secretary seems in that report to be endeavor-
ing to support four positions:
First—that the means of the Treasury cannot
supply its demands, and therefore the action of
Congress is calied for to make good the apprehend-
ed deficiency.
Second—that there is an existing debt—a debt
of such magnitude as to require to be funded by
authority of Congress; and he gives as his opinion
that it cannot be paid in a shorter period than eight
years; and therefore it should be made a funded
debt.
Third—that our current revenue is insufficient
for our current expenses; and therefore Congress
should increase it for that purpose.
Fourth—that a system of new taxation is called
for, the purpose of which is to enable Congress to
give away an existing branch of permanent re-
venue.
To see how far the Secretary of the Treasury
establishes these positions, it would be necessary to
go in detail into figures. This he (Mr. Wrioht)
knew was dry and tedious; but he hoped the
investigation would reward the patience of the
Senate. First, the Secretary of the Treasury in
his report, puts down the outsianding appro-
propriations on the 4th of March—and here, he,
(Mr. W.) would premise that he meant by that
date, generally, the beginning of this Administra-
tion—at $33,429,616 50. He (Mr. W.) cared not
whether the Secretary'was or was not right in the
sums he assumes, or whether he includes Treasury
notes as outstanding or not. On turning to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Senate, he found the
entire appropriations for the year 1841, excluding
those for the Post Office Department, #18,381,197
41. Take this eighteen millions—speaking in
round numbers—from the out-standing appropria-
tions on the 4th of March, and tb^ balance will be
$15,048 419 09—almost a> much as fie entire reve-
nue of the wh.de year.
It must be kept in mind that two months of the
year had passed by, and that the appropriations of
the year ought to be proportionably diminished.
The Seeratary says, that from this $33,000,000 he
requires $24,210,000 for the appropriations of this
year—that is, for the service of the remaining ten
months of the year. That shows the balance of
outstanding appropriations on the 1st of January,
184a, will amount in $9,219,616 50—-very near
he average of outstanding appropriations—all thi s
ime including Treasury notes. He will then, if
he succeeds, in the ten months, lo reduce the ba-'
latee of outstanding appropriations to that amount,
have expended $5,828,005 25 of old appropria-
tions, in addition to the appropriations for the ser-
vire of 1841.
This could not fail of satisfying him (Mr.
Wright) that the Secretary of the Treasury was
not conversant with the affis of the Department.
He had assumed as the s ,>n he would expend be-
tween the 4th of March and 31st of December,
1841, an amount which he cannot >n that time ex-
pend profitably to the cuuiury. He gives the ex-
penditure from ihe 1st lo the 4-h of March, at
$4,627,166 64. Fiom March to June the expen-
diture* were only two millions. This shows that
in the three day: from the first fo the fourth of
March, the expenditures i"ere very heavy. As-
suming that this was the expenditure of the two
months, and taking it as an average, it would be
for the year twenty-seven millions. The Secretary
says that in the ten months remaining he will ex-
pend twenty-four millions, which shows that he as-
sumes that average. [Here Mr. Wright entered
more at larga into details of the assumed duo-
monthly expenditures.] It should be remarked that
for the first two months Congress was in session,
and the expenses were consequently greater.
Besides, the semi-annual payments on the pen-
sion  list  were   to  come   out   of the Treasury
