í'ox; kkssio,vvl ^ muu:.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.                             IZ1_WEEKLY—~                 30~CTS. PER EXTRA^SESSIciT'
anhCoNG.........IstSess.                                     FRIDAY, JUNE 25, 1841.                                        Volume JO—3SEo. 5.
Oortímued from JVb 4.
within tnat period. So that on these two
months the two sources of expenditure, that of Con-
gress and that ot the semi-annual payment of the
pension list, principally fell. Vet the Secretary of tne
Treasury proposes to go by that average for the
remaining portions ot the year: and it was this
which led him (Mr. W ) to compare the items of
expenditure ot that two months wnh those of other
equivalent periods ot time withm the fiscal year
He (Mr. W ) found the outstanding appropria-
tions on the la of January, 1841, under the head
of civil and nvseelianeou-., $5,237,234 23, and the
appropriation;, for similar purposes for the year
1841, |3,841,875 50, leaving $1,135,000 unex-
pended more than the enure appropriation of the
year Unless something unexpected and unfore-
seen in onr diplomatic relations occurs, the whole
of this sum cannot be called for.
Tocóme now to the military service—and here
he should confess he met a state cf things that sur-
prised him exceedingly The Secretary gives, as
the amount of outstandi" g appropriations on ihe
1st of January, 1841, $15,991,895 15, and he,
(Mr. W. ) found the appropriations for the service
oi the year 1841, amouatcd to $8,657,000, leaving
a balance of unexpended appropriations amount-
ing to $7,234,000, at the command of the De-
partment, and rendering unnecessary, in his opi-
nion, the recommendation to this session for an ap-
propriation of two and a half millions under that
head
Turning now to the Navy Department, it is
found under that head, that there were outstand-
ing appropriations to the amount of $6 910 000.
The appropriations for the service for the year
1841, were $5,922,000, leaving an excess of $987,-
931. The Secretary of the Navy says thai, on the
scale on which they are now proceeding, the rrxans
at the disposal ot that Department are abundant;
and next adverted to the subject of fortifications
and the action of the la^t ses ion of Congress,
showing that no new appropriations are called for
on that account. It appears that asum of $1,435,-
600 is to be expended on new works of fortifica-
tion, and $220,000 for armament, making together
$1,655,500.
There then it is recommended, not to expend
this sum on completing works already m progress,
but to expeiid it on creating a new class of works,
which the Secretary tells us himself will cost a
great deal of mosey.
He would not detain the Senate in reading the
report of the Chief Engineer, but merely «ay that
this system ot defence, when completed according
to the Chief Eagmeet's plan, will require war gar-
risons, in all, ot at least 63,000 men, and the ex-
pense of constructing them will be $29,215,371
To arm and equip them will cost $6,228,340,
making $35,443,711 The Secretary, indeed,
seems only to have adopted the first class, amount-
ing to $12 186,547.
Next, we have statement!, touching Indian hosti-
lities. He would read trom page 29, Document 2,
premising that m this ¡statement and recommenda-
tion, he has put it down, according to the Senator
from Maine's undei standing ot ihe matter, at. requi-
site for preventing Indian hostilices, $825 000
The Secretary ot War, says- "Additional appropri-
ations to the amount ot $825,000 are required
for the service of the present year "
By the estimates of the Paymaster General, we
learn lhat $19,388 02 are required for arrearages
of payments to militia in Florida. This he (Mr.
Wright) was unable to explain. He remembered
the subject was before Congress last session, and,
according to his understanding of it, these volun
teers had been brought in without authorüy, but,
he supposed, were subsequently recognised by the
Department, tor he found in the estimates a sum
submitted last year for Georgia volunteers of
$           , bat it did not meet the approbation of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and was not ap-
propriated It was the settled determination of
Congress to refuse their «ervices. The other item
for Florida volunteers i«. $297,292, which was sub-
mitted for the year 1841 The appropriation was
made for this service, and how it came to be placed
under the head of anearages remains to be ac-
counted for Congress last session refused the ap-
propriation for the time pasi, yet now it is said it is
due for arrearages.
Mr WRIGHT h re yielded the floor on a mo-
tion to postpone the debate until to morrow, which
prevailed, and the Senate went into the considera-
tion of Executive business,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 17, 1841.
Mr. SERGEANT asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which was read for information, that from
and after Saturday next the daily hour of meeting
of the House shall be ten o'clock, a. m and that
no motion to adjourn shall be received before four
o'clock p m
Mr WELLER objected to the reception of the
resolution in its present form.
Mr SERGEANT moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer it.
Mr. PICKENS hoped the gentleman would
modify his resolution so far as concerned tbe ad-
journment. Something might occur which would
render it absolutely necessary to adjourn before
the time there specified. With the exclusion of
this part he was m favor of the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina «id that
the latter part of the resolution came in conflict
with one of the rules of the House, which declared
that a motion to adjourn should always be in order.
That rule could not be changed without a vota of
two thirds. There was no legislative body thai
could not adjourn when it pleased. But he would
vote for the suspen*ion of the rules at all events,
and trust to a modification of the resolution after-
wards.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina inquired
whether a proposition to change the rules must not
be laid over one day.
The SPEAKER replied that ¡t mast, unless so
modified a  to avoid coming in conflict with the
rules.
Mr. SERGEANT, m order to obviate any dif-
ficulty of that kind, then withdrew the latter part
of his resolution, and gave notice of his intention
to move such an alteration of the rule
So the resolution was modified, as follows
Jlesolved, That from and after Saturday next, the
daily hour of the meeting of this House shall be
10 o'clock, a m.
Objection b?mg again made,
Mi SERGEANT moved a suspension of the
rules, which prevailed—ayes 127, nays 53
So the rule:, were suspended.
The question now being on the adoption of lh«
resolution,
Mr. FILLMORE asked Mr. Smoeant so to
modify his resolution as to fix the daily hoar of
adjournment at 3 o'clock There would be no
time for the committees to do busme-s if the
Hou«e should they meet at 10 o'clock, and then
sit lllimitably.
Mr. BRIGGS thought it would be in order to fix
the hour of adjournment. He moved to amend the
resolution by adding, at the end thereof, the worK,
' and that the hour of adjourning shall be 3 o'clock,
p. m"
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina demanded
the previous question.
And Ihe mam question (being first on the amend-
ment of Mr   BwaGs) was ordered to be taken.
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew las proposition to
amend
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
mam question, (on the adoption of the resolution,)
and, btmg taken, w.-re—yeas 140, nays 50.
So u was íesolved lhat, from and after Saturday
next, the daily hour of the meeting of the House
shall be ten o'clock, a. m
Mr FILLMORE asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion which he said was the same m substance as
the amendment proposed (and withdrawn) by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bmggs ] He
(Mr F.) d d this at the especial request of the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means.
That committee had a great amount of labor to
perform, which they could not perform if the reso-
lution was to stand as it now did. But if time was
given to them in the afternoon, they could get
through their business The hour could be changed
at any urn  the House might think pioper.
Mr F. thtn offered the following resolution,
which was read for information
Rssolved, That, after Saturday next, for the en-
suing week, and no longer, it shall be the duty of
the Speaker to adjourn this House at 3 o'clock, p,
m. unless it shall adjourn at an earlier hour.
Objection being made to the reception of the re-
solution,
Mr FILLMORE said that, for the purpose of
seeing whether the House was willing to give the
Committee ot Ways and Means proper time to
transact lis business-, he would move a suspension
of the rules.
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS said the Committee
of Ways and Means might obtain the leave of the
House to sit during the session of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE We must be in the Hou.se
when the measures we report are acted on.
Mr CAMPBELL of Tennessee asked the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules,
which were ordered, and b^ing taken, were—yeas
158, nays 52
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. FILLMORE demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded.
And ihe mam question, being on the adoption ot
the resolution, was ordered to be now put, and, be-
ing taken, was decided in  the aiuraiative.
So it was also resolved that, after Saturday
next, fur the ensuing week, and no longer, it shall
be the duty of tlu Speaker to adjourn the House
at three o'clock, p. m. unless it shall adjourn at an
earlier hour.
Mr. WATTERSON asked leave to present the
following preamble and resolutions, and desired
that the same might be read lor information, viz
"Whereas the present Secretary of State at the
'capital of Virginia, and beneath an October sun,
in ihe year of our Lord oie thousand e ght hun-
dred and foity, did use this language 'Yet even
irom ihis great and good man, (James Madison,)
whom I hold to be chief among the just interpret-
ers of ihe Constitution, I am constrained, however
presumptuous it may bo considered, to differ in
relation to one oi his interpretations of that instru-
ment. I refer to one ot his interpretations of that
instrument I refer to the opinion expressed by
him, that the power of removal from office does
exist m the Constitution as an independent power
m the hands ot the hands of the Piesidentf, without
the consent of the Senate. I wish he had taken a
diCerent view of it'"
Mr ALFORD rose to a point of order. He in-
quired whether this was a day set apait for orations.
The reading was again proceeded with.
"Wnereas the present Secretary of War, with
all the responsibility attached to his station as a
member oi the House of Representatives, in Con-
gress, did, no longer since tnan Apni of last year,
giye utterance to ihe following sentiments 'As to
the constitutional power of the President to remove
a subordinate officer for a difference of political
opinion, I will say no more than simply to ask
gentlemen to recur again to lhat clause oí the Con-
stitution which provides that all  civil  officers
d
