66
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may be removed from office upon conviction
for 'treason, felony, and other high crimes and
misdemeanors;' and after they have done so, to
put the question to themselves whether any
thing can be more supremely absurb, and even
ridiculous, than this provision of ihe Constitution,
if the President was, by the same instrument, vest-
ed with the power, by his sole authority, not only
to remove for 'treason, felony, and other high
crimes and misdemeanors,' but for no reason at
all, without any default whatsoever in the officer'
The object of this clause m the Constitution was
undoubtedly, in the first place, to provid  for the
removal of public officers who had di qualified
themselves for the publx service by their crimes,
or the abuse or gross neglect of their tiusts, and,
secondly, to throw around the civil officer the same
protection and security, m the enjoyment of their
rights, privileges, and emoluments, but, above all,
their good name, against all tyianmcal and arbi
trary invasions or restrictions that the Constitution
and laws, both of the State and Federal .Govern-
ments, are so careful to maintain and protect m the
private citizen. The gemus and «¡pint of our
whole scheme and s> stem of ci il liberty aie di-
rectly opposed to the discretionary and arbitrary
control which the Piesident claims and exercises
over the public officers "
"Whereas the Hen Henry Clay---------
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a point of order, Was
it proper to introduce a resolution in relation to any
member of the other body1
The SPEAKER «aid it was not
Mr. WATTERSON said that it was not a reso-
lution in relation to the members of the other
House.as such It referred to aspeech made by Mr.
Clay in Ihe State of Virginia; not as a member of
the other House, but as Henry Clay
The SPEAKER said the Clerk would proceed
with the reading.
Mr. DAWSON of Georgia rose to a point of or-
der. He submitted whether a resolution of such a
character ought to be read.
Mr. TURNEY called Mr Dawson to order.
Mr. DAWSON proceeded Was it proper to
throw into this body mattei which was not ihe sub-
ject matter of legislation, upon which we could not
act, and in violation of the rule adopted on Satur-
day last, that nothing but subjects embraced in the
President's Message should be discussed he"re dm-
mg the present session?
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order,
and inquired, "Does the gentleman object to ihe
reading?"
Mr DAWSON. I do object to it as a violation
of the mle, and as calculated to th-ow unnecessary
difficulty into this Hous 
Mr. WATTERSON «ud the reso'uiion wa one
of inquiry, and he moved a suspension ol the rule
for its reception
Mr. TURNliY submitted to the Chair that a
member had a right to have read any subjpet mat-
ter on which he was called to vote.
Mr WATTERSON wished to know whether
they were to be prohibited from introducing resolu-
tions of inquiry during this session, even by mtans
of a suspension of the rule. If so, no information
of any kind could be procured from the Executive
Departments.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Watttísoh,] as well as any other
member, could offer a resolution on a suspension oí
the rule.
Mr. WATTERSON said he had distinctly made
such a motion
The SPEAKER said that motion would be en-
tertained, and the gentleman would have the pri-
vilege of having the resolution read in the legal
way.
Mr. WATTERSON inquired of the Speaker
whether a member had not a tight to call ior the
reading of a paper thus presented?
The SPEAKER. Tes, the member has a right
to call for it, and the House has a right to refuse
t to him.
Mr. DAWSON inquired whether the paper was
a call for information upon any of the Depart-
ments?
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. WATTERSON said it was.                           !
Mr CALHOUN of Massachusetts inquired if
there was an? resolution appended to the preamble?
If so, he would wish it read
The SPEAKER said there was a resolution ap-
pended.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped it would be read.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland said that he hoped
it would be read, and that, if disrespectful to the
House, it would be rejected.
Mr. DAWSON. Let me be understood. If
any part of thk resolution calls for information ne-
cessary to the investigation of any subject before
this body, or which we have a r'ght to call for, I
do not object. But if this resolution is intended as
disrespectful to the majority of this body, I adhere
to my objection.
The SPEAKER called upon Mr Waeterson to
state how the fact was.
Mr WATTERSON said no such thing a dis-
respect was intended Let gentlemen have the
paper read, and they could see for themselves. It
was a revoluti n calling f >r information
Mr DAW?ON tfid he would withdraw his ob-
jection to the reading, as the gentleman had stated
hat it wis a call on the Depanment for informa-
tion     Let the House see for itself.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the paper—
"Whereas the Hon. Henry Clay, who is justly
regarded as the gre?t le?dpr of the Whig party
throughout the Union, expressed similar views in
an electioneering speech which he maic at TaT -
lorsville, Hanover county, Virginia, J me 27, 1841',
being in ihest words: '¡f the President were com-
pelled to expose the grounds and reasons upon
which he acted in dismissals from office, the app e-
hensions of public cénsate would temper ihe ar-
bitrary nature of the power, arid throw some pro-
tecaon around the subordinate officer. Hence
'he pew and monstrous pretension has been ad-
vanced, that although the concurrence of the Senate
is necessary, by the Cot s ltution, to the confir-
mation of an appointment, the President m"y
subsequently drmis-s the person appointed, not
inly without communicating the ground on which
he ha ackd, to the Senate, but without any
such communication to the people, for whose
benefit all offices are created ' And so bold
and daring has the Executive branch of the
Government become, that one of its cabinet
ministers, h mi-elf a subordinate officer, has coi-
temptuou'ly refused to members of the House of
Represcntruves to disclose the grounds on which
he has undertaken to d miss irom office persons
actmscps deputy po^trr-asters in his Peiartment
* * * * Thiremav he ca^es occasionally, m
whiz-h the public interest requires an immediate
di-mission without waiting for the assembling of
the Senate, but n all snoh cases, the Presiden1
should be b und to communicat  folly the grounds
and motives of tbedismi sion. The power wou'd
be thus rendered responsible Without it, t^e ex-
ercise of the power is utterlv repugnant to free in-
stitutions, the basis of which is perfect responsi-
bility, and dangerous to the public liberty '
"Whereas, the present Attorney General of the
United States, m a harangue that he mad  at the
great Southwestern Whig Convention, held a'
Nashville, Tennessee on the 17ih day of August
last, was repirted to have held forth in the follow-
ing strain- 'The questions put by or on behalf of
Mr Van Buren are net, 'Is he honest? Is h  ca
pable^ Will he support the Coi titution'' 0, no1
these old fashioned que Uons lecognised by Jeffer-
son's Demo-raov, hive all been superseded bv
another set, which run somewhat after this fashion
'What has he done for our party' Has he bullied
at the polls? Has he used means to mislead the
people and entice them into our support1! Has he
been rejected by the people?' If he can establish
these claims, his reward is sure ' And whereas
there are good rea^ors for believing that the Ex-
ecutive Departments, if they have not asked such
questions, have acted upon such principles, as Mr.
Crittenden falsely charged upon Mr Van Buren,
when conferring office upon such notorious 'pipe
layers' as Bela Badger and others
"Whereas, 'It was the remark of a Roman Con-
sul, in the early history of that celebrated Republic,
that a striking contrast was observable in the con-
duct of candidates for offices of power and trust
before and after obtaining them—they seldom
carrying out in the latter case the pledges and
promises made in the former. However much the
world may have improved, in many respects, in
the lapse of upwards of two thousand years,
since the remark was made by the virtuous and
indignant Roman," yet it is feared that a "strict
examination" into the history of the Executive de-
partments of this Government for the last two
months, would 'develope similar instances of violat-
ed faith'
"And whereas the President has invited a strict
scrutiny into the character and qualifications of
all those whom he has appointed to office, there-
fore
"Resohed, That the President be requested to
furnish this House with the names of ail officers
dismissed by him, and the reasons for the dismissal
in each particular ca'.e
"Resolved, That the Postmaster General, the At-
torney General, the Secretary of State, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, and
the S cretary of the Navy, aiso furnish this House
with the Dames of he officers dismissed by them m
their respective Departments, together with the rea-
sons for removirg the same."
The paper having been read,
Mr RAYNER inquired of the Speaker whether
it was m order io object to it-B reception?
The SPEAKER said objection had already been
msde, and a motion w,ts pending for a suspension
of the ru'es.
Mr EVERETT moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend Ihe mle on the table.
The SPEAKER sa d it was not in order.
Mr. RAYNER said that, if in order, he would
move that the Hou e shou'd not entertain the con-
sideration of the resolution. He, amongst others,
had been contending for several days past against
the reception of papers disrespectful and insult-
ing to the House, and he looked upon this paper
as such.
Mr. DAWSON said the question wcuid be wheth-
er it was in order to move to u spend tha rules to
receive a proposition which might be considered
disrespectful to the body.
The SPEAKER sa d the House must judge of
the character of the proposition
Mr. PROFFIT asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend the rule, wh'ch were ordered;
and, being taken, were jeas 57, nays 130.
So the House retí sed to susp< nd ihe rule.
Mr GILMER asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution
Rewlvrd, That a committee of fi?e member  of
this House be ai pointed, v. hose duty it s,hall be toexa-
examme particularly as to the number cf officers or
agents employed, the expenditures, and modes of
transacting business in the several Departments of
the public service at the seat of Government, and at
such other points as the committee may deem ne-
cessary, or as may be indicated by th'S House, and
that such committee report at the next session
whether it is proper to make any reduction of the
expenses of the civil list, or in the number or ar-
rang-muit of the persons thus employed, and whe-
ther he patronage of the Executive branch of the
Government may not be dimimshed.or regulate 1 as
to those appointments for wh ch ihere is an indis-
pensable necessity
On the suggestion of Mr GENTRY, Mr Gil-
mfb, modified h s resolution so as to direct the com-
mittee to report at the next session.
Mr. MILLORY asked the yeas and nays on the
resolution.
And the resolution being before the House, and
the question being on its adoption—
Mr WILLIAMS of Maryland, moved to
amend it by increasing the number of the commit-
tee to nine.
Mr W C. JOHNSON suggested to Mr. Gil-
mer Whether he would not reach the object in view
belter by instructions to each of the several stand-
ing committees of the Departments.
[Cries of "No—no. ]
Mr. C. BROWN ef Pennsylvania moved toamend
