B8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tjott Of the country where the support given to Gen.
Harrison as a political candidate had not been so
strong as in many others: with a magnanimity
which that city had often mamfeited, its citizens
had come forward and petitioned Congiess that this
sum should be appropriated as an indemnity.
There had, he believed, been other pet tions of the
same character ofiered during this session He
would thank the Clerk to state whether such had
not been the case.
The Clerk, through the Chair, responded lo the
inquiry, and stated that there had
Mr. A said that a gentleman from Pennsylva-   |
ma, near him, had just suggested that he had in his
hands a petition praying (or a much larger giant
than that hejhad moved, and which he would read
when  he came to speak to the resolution.    Ttie   '
reason why Mr A. had moved to insert this sum   j
was, that, as far as he could understand what the   1
public opinion was, this was the sum which was
preferred by a great portion of the American peo-
ple.   A larger or smaller sum might be proposed,
in which case the question by usage of the House   j
would first be put on ihe largest sum.                         ¡
The grounds and reasons for this appropriation
had been so long and se folly discussed m the pa    '
pers and journals of the country, thai he presumed   i
the minds of all the members ot the House were
made up in regard to it, he should not, therefore,
add any further remarks.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania said he should
trouble the committee with but a few words. He
had risen merely in obedience to the request of a
public meeting held within the district he had the
honor to represent, and which had directed him to
ask that Congress would make an appropriation of
public money for the benefit of the family of the '
late President. An account of the proceedings of
that meeting he then held in his hand, and should I
ask that it should be read at the Clerk's table. He j
presented this paper now for the purpose of show-
ing the state of public feeling and public opinion
in Pennsylvania among persons oí all p< litical
parties, for the meeting to wmch he had alluded
had not been composed exclusively of the inends
of General Harrison, on the contrary, members of
both the great political parlies which divided the
country had been present on that occasion, and
«o their honor had all agreed that such an
appropriation ought to be made. In íegard to
the sum with which it had been proposed to fill
the blank, he should move no amendment, al-
though the appropriation recommended at the pub-
he meeting in his district had been much laiger
than that now proposed from the joint committee
He trusted that no objection would be made from
any part of the Hou e The sum proposed wai
little enough—less, he was persuaded, than the
great body of (he Amer.can people, could they be '
individually consulted, would be willing to give
Let us, said Mr C act generously on this occasion,
and in such a manner as shall give the lie to that I
reproach so often made by the despots of Europe,
that Republics are always ungrateful. The Go-
vernment, as gentlemen all know, has made such
appropriations oh various occasions The honora-
ble chairman will readily recollect the grant to La-
fayette—a grant much larger than this, and for
services certainly not much superior.                         |
Mr. C   said he had nothing further to add,   i
save to ask that the record of the proceedings oí the
meeting of his constituents be now read by the
Cleik.
It was read accordingly.
Mr.   SNYDER   of   Pennsylvania   moved   to
amend the bill by inserting a clause making provi-   i
sion for the family of the late Charles Ogle of
Pennsylvania, who, Mr S contended, had done as
much to entitle his family to relief as General
Harrison    He hoped  the amendment would be
agreed to, as he was sure wou'd  be the case if   i
the  committee   acted   upon   the   principle  of   j
equity.                                                                       ,
Mr. STANLY called to order.                               I
The CHAIR, on being appealed to, decided that
he amendment was out of order.
Mi. SNYDER did not know much about points
of order. He did not place the amendment on such
grounds.   He placed it on the justice of the com-
mittee, and contended that it ought, on the princi-
ple of equity, to be agreed to He was of opinion,
however, that the amendment stood on the same
ground as did the bill itself, inasmuch as Mr. Ogle
had been quite as serviceable to the Whig party as
General Harrison
Mr WARD of New York said that he had had
the honor of a seat in Congres  at the time of the
death of the late lamented General Brown, at which
time a bill was introduced, making an appro-
priation of five thousand dollars to his surviving
widow. Gentlemen on all political sides of the
House had come up on that occasion in a manner
which did them honor, and had passed the bill by
a decided majority Mr. W was willing to
perform a similar act to the widow of our late
President, by voting an appropriation to give her
one year's salary of her husband He under-
stood that five thousand dollars had been already
drawn, and inquired whether the twenty-five thou-
sand dollars moved by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was to be understood as independent of
that balance. Being answered in the negative,
Mr. W. said he should vote that amount with infi-
nite pleasure, and he confidently trusted that the
same unanimity would be manifested on this occa-
sion as had been displayed in the case oí Mrs
Brown
Mr BRIGGS hoped the question would at once
be taken; when
Mr GORDON of New York moved to fill the
blank in the resolution with the sum of $6,250
Mr DEAN, of Ohio, said he was opposed to
voting any sum whatever There was something
so extraordinary in the proposition, that tha mo
ment he heard it he was startled at the views of the
ruling party. Congress had been convened for an
extraordinary purpose, but was it for the purpose
of granting relief to the heirs of General Harrison?
Was it for a purpose like this that the country had
called upon them to assemble? Was this to be
the first measure proposed for their public ac-
tion? Mr. D said he had no disposition to speak
here of the acts of the deceased, he did not at this
time desire to review the history of that man, he
was willing that in his case the usual fate of men
should be reversed Let the evils he had done be
buried wnh his bones, and let the good only which
he had done for his country live after him Mr
D should set that all aside, until some gentleman
should get up and attempt to express a eulogy upon
the valor, patriotism, and public worth of William
Henry Harrison, should any thing like this be at-
tempted, Mr D should then claim the right of ex-
pressing his views as to the merits of that man as a dis-
tinguished and illustrious patriot In the meanwhile,
he had serious objections to this bill,and suchas came
home to his bosom The pas age of any such act
was barred by the principles ot this Government
and the restrictions of the Constitu ion That in-
strument vested thtm with no authority to tnrow
away ihe treasure of the country By which of its
clau et. was Congress emp mered lo give away the
public money gratuitously' He cared nothing for
precedents It was =aid that Congress had made
a still larger grant to Lafayette but Mr D never
could find any i.ound reason or constitutional prin-
ciple which justified them in conferring a gramity
upon any man. He was opposed to all gratuities
They had come here, as it was alleged, to relieve
the distress of the country. Ye , this "distress of
the country" had been rung m the ears of the
people lrom Georgia to the Lakes Nothing was
heard from a certain set of politicians but public
distress and ímdending ruin; and there must be a
called meeting of Congress to seek out some mode
to allay the distress Now, Mr D. must say that
in hit, section of country there was no distress and
no rum, there was no derangement of the currency
but such as was beyond the action of this
House to remedy Mr D was no believer in
these distresses of the dear people There was no
distress in his district, and he had come here, not
to make gratuities, but to discharge his constitu-
tional duties according to the will of his constitu
ents It was not their will that any such bill as
this should pass. If the question could be put to
the vote among the people of his district, there was
not a man, unless it might besóme distressed Whig
or old Federalist, who would give one farthing of
this money. No, there was not one, not one man
that would raise his voice in favor of making this
donation to the widow and heirs of William Henry
Harrison. Mr D said he had been astonished at
the remark of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams ] when he had stated, as one reason m
favor of making this donation, General Harrison
had made large expenditures in an electioneering
campaign. What1 was Congress to remunerate
men for expending large sums of money in build-
ing log cabins? Was it indeed so' For himself,
he had no doubt in the world that money had been
poured out like a flood for electioneering purposes,
but was Congress to be called upon for remunera-
tion?
After some interruptions, Mr. D proceeded to
state, that, to his personal knowledge, the West
had been flooded with documents franked by mem-
bers of Congrest, and w uch had been profusely
spread over the land.
[Cries of " We know it."]
Mr D. Well, then, if gentlemen knew it, why
did they vote down a resolution, the object of
which was to bring such matters to light ? Were
he permitted to repeat openly m his place a remark
which had been made within his hearing, he could
give a very good reason why that resolution had
been voted down
[Cries of " Give it"—" give it "—" let us have
it"]
Mr D ^aid that if it were propel he could soon
give it, f« r it had proceeded from an old Whig Fe-
deralist.
[Calls to order, mixed with cries of "Go on."]
Mr D said he was not to be deterred by any
noise or confusion which gentlemen might choose
to get up, from giving his views of this bill. 4lt
was an attempt to work upon the better feelings of
men to make them do wrong, but both honor and
policy should place men above all such influence.
When had such a proposition ever been heard of
in any deliberative body? When had it ever before
been asserted that because a man's expenses had
been immense in getting into a public office, there-
fore f 25,000 must be granted to his widow '
Mr D. had been little surprised at the action of
the House, though he must say that he had not be-
fore been aware to what extent certain influences
could be made to reach the action of members on
that floor He had not supposed that any man
here would ever have given his sanction to the
rules under which they were now sitting and
acting, but they had been adopted, and he
was bound to yield to them They had
resolved that no petition should be received,
nor any subject acted upon, sa\e such as
had been specially referred to them b/ tne Presi-
dent Now, it did so happen that the subject of
this bill was referred to in the President's message,
but the rule forbade the consideration of any other
claim. Now, was this not an extraordinary fea-
ture of legislation' Was it not a most extraordi-
nary state of things that they should be sitting, le-
gislating on an ideal claim, a mere gratuity, a pro-
ject to give away the public money to those who
had no legal claim to it whatever, and yet that
those who had a fair and legal claim must be shut
out from presenting it1
Mr D had, in his drawer, three petitions from
old soldiers worn out in the public service, who
never had received one farthing cf the public mo-
ney If these men knocked at the door, gentle-
men turned round and said to them, depart till a
more convenient season, we are busy with making
a grant to Mrs Harrison. He did not know what
other gentlemen might thmk, but, among his con-
stituents, it was thought that twenty-five thousand
dollars was an enormous sum—an ample remune-
ration, indeed, foi the public service of any man.
And was it not enough to compensate any candi-
date for the expenses he might be at when elec-
tioneering for the office' If, after he had got into
office, he should die, he would be entitled to his le-
gal salary so long ai he performed the service, and
no more Mr. D had been surprised at the deci-
sion of the Chair and of the House in reference to
the amendment moved by the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Snyber] m behalf of the wi 
