dow and children of Charles Ogle. What differ-
ence was there between the claim of Ogle's heirs
and those of General Harrison? "Were not the
one as much entitled to the sympathies of
Federalists as the other? Were gentlemen in
favor of giving bounties here, and such
bounties as should follow men down to
their heirs? Was this the retrenchment and
the reform that the country had been taught
to expect? He should like to know how any man
could justify his vote for such a grant as this.
Was not the Treasury alreedy sufficiently drained?
Had they not come together under the specious
pretence of furnishing ways and means to reple-
nish a drained,exhausied Treasury? And was this
one of the means? Was this a bill to provide a
sound and uniform currency? Was this one of the
measures that were to res'ore confidence? Could
that be the object of the bill? Mr. D. concluded
by protesting against the grant of any sum what-
ever to persons who had no legal claim to a single
dollar.
Mr. LANE of Indiana said he had not intended
to utter a word, until he hid heard what had just
fallen from the member irom Ohio. Strange, in-
deed, it must have sounded to everv^human' being
that heard u—that that member, himself a citizsn
of Ohio, should get up here to make war on a dead
citizen of his own State! He hoped the party to
which that member belonged would not sustain
him in such a course. The member had told the
House that he would forbear making any attack
upon the military character of Wm. Henry Harri-
son. In God\s name, who did he think would lis-
ten to such an attack, on the floor of an American
Congress? He refrain ! And was not that mili-
tary character a part of the history of he country?
The deeds of Wm. Henry Flatrison. were given to
the past—far beyond the reach of the efforts of any
assailant. The member had informed the House
that, among his constituents, there was no distress.
If they never had been distressed before, they would
be when they came to read the member's speech.
Mr. L. trusted in God that no party would sustain
sentimems like these. Who that had an Ameri-
can heart in bis bosom could refuse a grant which
did equal honor to the giver arid receiver?
Mr. L. made some further remarks of a political
and personal character in reply to Mr. Dean.
Mr. WHITE of Ohio followed on the same side,
and in concluding, said he would appeal to gentle-
men ot opposite political sentiments and would
say to them, consent but to go with us now, rnar
not the unity of this act, and I will go with you for
almost any thing you ask. Forget for a moment
your party feelings, do this act of justice to the
memory of a man who loved and served his coun-
try, and fear not but the nation will sustain you.
Mr. BRIGGS of Massachusetts, after succinctly
stating the object of the bill, entreated guntlemen on
all sides of tha House not to desecrate an occasion
like this by going off from the question, into a
wretched party contest. The people of the United
States, by ' uch an expression of their will as they
had never uttered before, had elected William Hen-
ry Harrison to be their Piesident; and in one short
month aftei he had taken his oath of office before
high Heawrt. and in the presence of thirty thou-
sand of his exulting countrymen, a voice from that
Heaven had demanded nun, and, as in a moment,
had cast his family into dtmay and desolation.
The blow had smitten all hearts with sorrow, it had
left a nation m tears. And could any man here
speak oí William Henry Harrison, think of all that
he had been, aud reiuembc all that he had done,
and at the same time admit the impulses of p-jfty
into his bosom. Mr. B. would as soon think of
entering the cold and silent vault in yonder ceme-
tery, aud tearing the mouldeiing body (rom its
winding-sheet. Both felt to him as being alike
sacrilege. No; let the dead slumber in their long
repose; break not their rest by the discordant
sounds of party wrangling. Th« House were now
dealing with the livios—with the living, who,
alas ! had been deeply affected by his death.
If the gentlemen entertained constitutional scru-
ples, Mr. B. held theie scruples in respect; if they
had objections honestly founded m principle, he
was ready patiently to  listen; but  let not gentle-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mea mar the gravity and solemnity of an occasion
like this,, nor stoop, for the sake any party object,
to dishonor themselves before the civilized world.
Congress had made similar appropriations on other
occasions, and Mr. B. thanked the honorable gen-
tleman who had tecalled the fact to their recollec-
tion. The Government had stood now for more
than half a century, and no Chief Magistrate had
been smitten while occupying the Presidential Chair;
but an officer of this House had died while in the
discharge of his official duty, and they had all
cheerfully voted to his widow and children the re-
sidue of his year's salary. Since then another
officer had fallen in like manner, and the House
had passed a similar vote. Still later, the Sergeant-
ai-arms of the Senate had deceased: the Senate
voted the same allowance, besides granting a sum
sufficient to remove his remains from the seat '
of Government to bis distant native State. So
when a beloved and distinguished General in the
United States service had died here at the seat
of Government, Congress had voted to hi-; widow
one year's pay of her deceased husband. He thank-
ed his friend from New York [Mr. Ward] for re-
calling with so much feeling, that just act to the
remembrance of the House, and he thanked that
gentleman for another thing, lhat although he be-
longed personally to a party opposed to the late
Presiden!, he came inlo this hall in the fulness of
the most generou* feelings, avowing his purpose to
vote for til's bill. Whatever misht be the case in
the districts of other gentlemen, Mr. B. well knew
that in his own but one sentiment prevailed—in
this all men of ail parties united. Many and many
an opposition man had said to Mr. B. "Give his
widow at least one year's salary," Oh! if this question
could be put to the Amencan people, man by man,
iure he was they would show the same generous
and noble feeling of sympathizing grief which
hey had manifested when, like a knell of desola-
tion, the news passed through the length and
btreadlh of the land "die President is dead!" At
that sound how quickly, how instantaneously all
parly feeling died. Men forgot that Harrison had
been elevated by the vote of a party; they saw
only the bolt fiom above, and ihey were bowed
awe-stricken before the dreadful blow. At once
the sympathies of all hearts wee diawn towards
the family of the deceased—there had ihen been
but one opinion throughout the land, he believed
there was but one now, and he hoped that Con-
gress, with the united voice and act, would respond
to the sentiment of a grateful and a generous
people.
After some remarks from Mr.  PENDLETON
of Ohio in favor of the bill—
Mr. PAYNE of Alabama, observed that,  as he
intended to vrte  against  this proposition, it was
due to himself to state the reasons wt«ich would ac-
tuate him.   In doing so, he was not called to exa-
mine either the merits or demerits of General Har-
rison.    They hnd nothing to do with the question.
The question bafore the House was, not whether
General Harrison was 01   was  not a meritorious
individual, but whether thai House would make an
appropriation to his widow arid defendants.   That
being ¡he question,  the first  inquiry was, had the
House a right to vote this money, and, if they had,
was it proper to do so?    Mr. P. was one of those
whs believed that Congress had no conititutional
right to appropriate the public money for such an
object.    He quoted the language of the   Constitu-
tion, and ihen inquired whether this was an appro-
priation to pay ihe debts of the Union,  ¡o secure
the common defence, or  to  promote  Ihe general
I    welfare?    He denied  that precedents ever  ought
!    to be considered as settling-  a  constitutional  ques-
tion.    If they could, then ihe people had no reme-
dy.    It was not pretended that this money was  to
be given as a reward for General Harrison's pub-
lic services, but to reimburse him tor  the expense
of an electioneering campaign.   This was infinite-
ly worse.
If it was a reward of his services in battle, then
how many others had shared ihe same peril and
were entitled to the same reward? The humblest
man among thos  gallant spirits who had stood
side by side with Harrison in the bloody field, were
equally entitled   with him to the gratitude of the
m
country. Mr. P. denied that there was any pri-
vileged class m this country; but if some humbler
family had been deprived of its head, would a bill
have been reported here making a grant for their
relief? If the dead man had lost his life in an
endeavor to better his situation, not by an election-
eering canvass, not by some hazardous enterprise,
would his family demand a pension? Surely not.
Why then grant it in this case? What was the
condition of the families of other Presidents? The
descendants of Jefferson were very poor, if not in-
solvent, and had not they as good a claim upon
Congress as the widow of General Harrison? Mr.
P. concluded by observing that he was neither to
be cajoled on one hand, nor dragooned on the
other, into voting for what he believed to be
wrong. His constituents would be pleased with
any thing he should do in the case, and he should
take that course which he believed to be right.
Mr. STOKELY followed in favor of the bill,
and in lepiy to the constitutional objections urged
against the appropriation. With regard to the
family of Mr. Ogle, he would say that no man en-
tertained more respect for the memory of the late
Mr. Ogle, or sympathized more with his family
than he did But he would ask if the case of Mr.
Ogle bore any comparison to that of Gen. Harri-
son? He imagined not. The services of the two
men were very unlike and dissimilar in their cha-
racter. Mr. Ogle was not, at the time of his death,
in the discharge of a public duty, and he died at
home during the recess of Congress. And neither
bad he incurred heavy expenses like General Har-
mon, when called upon by the people to fill a
high and responsible station in the Government.
Indeed, the two cases were totally different in their
character. And he would say that honor, patriot-
ism, and a proper respect for the illustrious dead,
prompted us to remunerate the family of the late
President for the expenses to which they had been
necessarily put on the occasion of the elevation of
General Harrison. He hoped that this bill would
be passed without any amendment being tacked to
it, and in order lo prove that ihe common remark
that Republics are ungrateful is not true. He bad
sincerely hoped that the bill would have been pass-
ed sub silenlio.
Mr. S. next adverted to the pension laws, which
grant, in many instances, to the widow of a pen-
sioner, the same compensation tbat her husband re-
ceived, putting her in bis place, as it were, after his
death.
Mr. SNYDER remarked that he was in favor of
acting according to the golden rule of "rendering
unto Csssar the things tbat are Caesar's."   He was
disposed to render unto every man his due; and
therefor , he would do so in respect to Gen. Harri-
son.   His object was to have equal and exact jus-
tice extended to all who had served their country
honestly and faithfully.   This, then, was the mo-
tive which had induced him to bring forward his
amendment.   He would not say one word of de-
traction in regard to Gen. Harrison.   He would
say, however, that ¡he claims of Mrs. Ogle were
equally as strong and deserving as those of Mrs.
Harrison; but he did not pretend to ask $25,000,
being the amount of the President's salary, for her.
He wt'hed to furnish his constituents with a reason
whv he had voted ior this appropriation; and if he
could not vote for this appropriation upon general
principles, he was conscientiously bound to vote
against it.   He hoped, however, that the bill woald
be recommitted for the purpose of amendment; but
if that course should not be adopted, then he would
feel himself compelled to seek, m some other mode
from Congress, that relief which he believed to be
due to Mrs Ogle and Col. Christian Schroyer; and
he thought this was the proper mode of getting at
his object, and therefore he proposed to amend by
inserting in the sixth line of the bill the following:
"Tbat the sum of §1,008  be paid as a gratuity,
and that the sum of #500 be paid semi-annually on
the first days of January and July, during the life-
time of Mrs. Harrison."
He said he had intrcduced this amendment as a
safeguard, and to enable him to carry out bis views
in reference to those persons whom he conceived to
have claims equally worthy with those of Mrs.
Harrison,   If it was in order to recommit the Dili
