IfQ
OONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
tothe committee from whence it came, and they
would introduce an appropriation for Mrs. Ogle
and Colonel Christian Schroyer, ihen he would
vote for an appropriation for Mrs Harmon He
begged to have the report, which he held in his
hand, read by the Clerk, and which was made in
reference to Col. Sehro>er's claim.
Mr. COOPER rose to a point of order. He de-
sired to know whether it was in order on a bill of
his character to offer a report in relation to a mail
route.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to intimate
that the reading of such a report was not morder.
Mr. SNYDER again proceeding in his course of
remarks—.
Mr COOPER again rose to a point of order. He
submitted that the claim of Col. Schroyer is not a
subject to be debated now.
Mr. SNYDER said if the gentleman would set
a day apart for that purpose, he would be glad to
meet and discuss it wnh him.
Mr. COOPER replied that he could not consent
to enter into any such agreement.
Mr. PROFFIT called ihe east side of the House
to orde .
Mr. MALLORY called fie west side of the
House to order.
Mr. GILMER called gentlemen ©f both hemi
spheres to order.
Mr. G (hen remarked that it was getting late,
and that it was evident many other gentlemen de-
sired to exprés* their sentiments m relation to the
bill H" would, therefore, respectfully suggest
whither it would not be better for the committee to
rise, and resu ne th  consideration of the subject
to-morrow, by which time members would no
doubt have reflected sufficiently on the matter, so
as io be able >o vote one way or the other.
On motion, the committee roye,
And the Houie a'lj timed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 18, 1841.
Mr. POUTER p^esmed th- memorial of a
number oí citizu.s oí Michigan against the remo-
val of the Land Office m the Saganaw Dis-
trict.
Mr EVANS, resen'ed a memonal of citizens of
Madison, Wiskon.ar! Tuutory, praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law
Mr. TAJLLM \DUE presen ed memorials for a
bankrupt law i<-o n cit z*is < f Dixon, Illinois, and
citizens of the city ot New York.
These memorial were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature oí the State of Maine lecom-
mendmg aa alteration of the Constitution so as to
limit the eligibility of the President to a single
term.
Mr. W. also presented resolutions of the name
body in favor of the payment cf indemnities to
citizens who suffered from French spoliations prior
to|1809.
Tnes>e memorials wer? read, laid on the table,
and ord >rcd i ■> be printed
Mr HATES presented resolution if he Le
gislature oí Massachusetts m ¡avoi 01 an altera
tioi* of t„p Constiluu_.u s0 as to limn 'be eligibili-
ty of the P esi cii to a siei' e term, and ihat the
election *ha I t,' e y a^a < n one day ip all the
Sta't*, i'h'1) t pre la d on the table and oidereu
totepti   c *
Mr. CjmY ( f K>rtucky pn s-miel a memoria1
of cuizot s of S. '_o i.o in lavor of th-3 ch<rt°r of
a Piatiotui f>/«k, ' h c \ was referred t > the Se ect
& mr,   ' c on it = o«n fey.
Mr, W íLtCES. i mtted he fo1lo'v,rg rcsolu-
ain, whici >i scors 'tred aid agreed tr
Resil id, ftp the 1 ere vy of Sta t be direc'ed
tocomrrj "a t to t t ^nate a -ta'emenf of thi
rg"egif>ii tit r pulaiion cf the Un't'd Saie<-
and fe ¡i > te- ¿rid m <> e Di-init it 'oJumbu
under the la t < p- s, d si ngu hing in l! ree s,',j
rate culuam, to  r i mber oí  iu< , oí tree pcrst n
of color, ana ot .-a ot ei j.eivn
CHCa^PEAKLAJSU OHIO CVNAL
The Ct-IAlRbtattd that he had lece \ed a com-
munication from the Governor ¡of Maryland, en-
closing an act of the Legislature of that State oa
the subject of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal,
with a request that he would submit it to the Se-
nate.
Mr.MERRICKsaid that he would briefly explain
the object of this bill. The States of Virginia and
Maryland and the United States were copartners
jointly in this canal. The Legislature of his State
had recently passed an act providing means to
complete the canal te Cumberland, to the amount
of two millions of dollars. But there were certain
provisions of the bill which required the assent of
the other co-partners, such as giving the State of
Maryland a priority in reimbursement of principal
and interests, &c and he hoped it would be refer-
red to the Committee en Roads and Canals.
Mr. YOUNG said he considered this a subject
which came withm the rule adopted by ihe Senate
of not taking any subject of a local character into
consideration at the present session, and he would,
therefore, move to lay it on the table.
Mr MERRICK said he did not considered this a
subject strictly coming within the rule. It was the
act of a sovereign State, and it should be treated
wnh becoming respect. It was a question in no-
wise complica'ed, and would require but little time
in its examination and decision. He hoped, there-
fore, the motion to lay on the tab'e would not be
agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said it would be recol-
lected that some days since he had presented reso-
lutions from the Legislature of the sovereign Stale
of Alabama, asking for the attention of Congress
to a subject of much interest to a portion of the
people oí that Siaie, and which had already been
sanctioned by this body four times, and yet it was
unceremoneously shoved aside. He hoped that the
operation of the rule would be uniform, and he
considered the present as coming strictly within its
provision^, and he renewed the motion to lay on
the table
Mr. KING hoped his colleague would withdraw
his motion and let the subject go to the Committee on
Roads and CanaK The question was a veiy sim-
ple one and would take but little time to decide upon
it—whetl er Congress, would give its sanction to the
act passed by the Legislature of Maryland. In his
pmi(n it cotí d give n-e to no discussion, and he
hoped it woeld be permitted to go to thecommi'tee.
Mr. OLA'S of Alabama rould not consult to
wihlraw bis motion, 'J here were ques'ions in-
volved in this n.atter, which would If ad to extended
discussion He was in favor of disconnecting the
Government entirely from corporations, and wished
to express his views on the sjbject wh never an
appropriate occasion presented itself. He could
see no good reason why the resolutions of one State
Legislature should have preference over another.
The citizens of Alabama merely asked Congress to
fix a convenient place to enable them to purchase
the publ'c lands, whereby two or three hundred
thou*and doba's \ oul I b" brought into the public
Treasury, and yet ¡he Senate had refused to act
upon it, and be thougit the piesent entitled to no
more respectful considoratioi than the memorial of
his own S'ate.
Mr. mEKRIGIC explain"'! the object of the act,
and said it had notnn g to d ~> with the transifr of
thf stork.
Mi V¿ HITE hoped that the motion woa'd not
br jeferrej to the Comtnitiee on Rea s 11'! Can .K
He wa-. rot unfriendly to the obpe1, bin tliojcht it
had belt t br H-sjed until a more ?uspjc>oi)s pe-
nt ' is irin.'s cild sea cciy e-e, ect th'm to
'ake up o her s<ii j cts than (fro ¿ vl ck it seemec
to be th" ceneial understanding sheu d re ac ed n.
Tbo ve y l.ct of making i ividious i!i t nci ons be-
tween s>'"'cv w stneu h in its ir to t'e er hem
from rchng m one cast. 1,'j'Pancihr  was exclu led
If they epar ed fren ihe ral  .r any one in 'anee,
oti-ers iculd pt*>h forward their cl-ams, pnd the
pubic Dusirc , wich they h d be' c'lcd spe-
íj¿liy u fxera c, iv^ulj be ciowdul cut to m-ke
room fir thdt o< a leca! character.
Mr MERR'CK cal'e" io, the 3eas and i ajs oa
Ihe motion to Ijj, on ¡he ti !e, and ti.ey tiete <r-
dered, and were—Yeps 23, nays 13, as folk ws-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hender-
son, McRobeits, Miller, Pierce, Porter, Smith ot
Indiana, White, Williams, Woodbndge, Woodbu-
ry, Wright, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Benton,
Choate, Ker, King, Merrick, Nichloson, Phelps,
Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, and
Walker—13.
So the memorial was laid on ihe table.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he did not think it
it was proper to adjourn over at such a time,
without giving a reason and an apology to the
country for doing so. He would, therefore, v«ie
for it, because he believed it would exped'te the
public business, and enable the Select Committee
on the Currency to report a bill on the subject of a
fiscal agency on Monday next
Mr BUCHANAN was very much obbged to
the Senator from Kentucky for giving so good a
reason for the adoption of his resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONDITION OF THE FINANCES.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business of yester4ay—the motion
of Mr. Clay of Kentucky to print 1,500 extra co-
pies of the report of the Secretary of ihe Treasury.
Mr. WRIGHT said (hat, when he yielded the
floor, yesterday, he was examining one of the items
of the new appropriations estimated in the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, under ihe head
of "arrearages due for soppres'ing Indian hostili-
ties." His object was to shew how far that item
was arrearages of the character it professed to be.
This it«m covers estimates for evo regiments and
a battalion of 500 mounted men for thejear 1841,
which the last Congress determined not to make
any appropriation for.
[Here Mr. Weight went into a minute investi-
gation of the estimates laid before last Congress
for the service m Florida, amounting to $1,061,816,
and showed that the sum of 18 or $ 19,000 for those
regimen's and battalion was included J
He had no doubt that the lt^m for the serv.ee of
the Georgia militia was just a much an arrearage
as any that had been claimed and d medfor the de-
fence of the North astern boundary. The cases
were precisely similar—they stood on the same
foundation.
The next item he would d'aw the attention of
the Senate to, was that of $40,000 for ' arrearages"
for taking care of harbors, roads, &c. He thought
some explanation should have been given of how
this $40 000 came to be "arrearages." But as that
had not been done, he wou'd proceed to an exami-
nation of what could be more clearly comprehend-
ed—the appropnat ons for the serv.ee of the year,
and the outstanding appropriations.
The Secretary of the Trea'ury says that of the
outstanding appropriations on the 4th of March,
he will expend $24,210,000, and additional appro-
priations for the VVar Department amounting to
p 521,336, making together $26,731,336 He
says the expenditure of the fi'st two nientns of the
jrar was $4,673,000; ?nd he has for t ie year
§31,394,000, or an expenditure a  the rate of near-
ly two mil ions a^d three-quarters monthly, or,
moie dvn ihirty- wo ra llions for t'.e who'e }ear;
be'ng $359 500 per minth more than the eipendi-
ture jer morth of the Irst t ooonhs, and an
etpeud tuie of $4,225 000 on the " -We ,ear more
ti an ihe averse ui i'h tbe t vu frs mon h= would
amount -• He (VIr Wright) 'vouk' ne t turn
to ti e S cretarj's   xL'b t r * h'ST'art, Hesa\s
bis ava.l ble meáis r I be $20 73'i,'595 84. He
rays the; e h,s leen p la! adv, ip io the 4tn of
March $4,C73,0(10 Ihisshn s, at least that ihe
means prov,ded by the l_st Ct ngrisS| prev'nus to
it? adjournment, amount d to more than $23,000,-
000, e sum •sbiPcent <o 'ei\ve an txe™s of means
over expendí.ures of 1841 rf $7,000 000. Yet this
repoitMikesadefi*nof£6,000 94l 14. He (Mr.
Weight) presumed it would nctbt disput d that
the cteranped condition of the final cial department
was tho a owed reason for makw" it re essary to
call this extraordinary session of Congress. A lit-
tle more examination of thi& report would show
how far ¡hat reason was authorized.   Take the
