CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
every instance the Senator had extricated the au-
thors of these documen's out of one ¿3 fficulty by
involving them in another He then alluded lo the
assertion that the bonds  lor duties on goods destroy-
ed by fire in New York, which had been postponed
in 1836, to the amount of four or five millions,
were an appropriate charge against the late Admi-
nistration The&e bonds were not postponed until
1837, long after Mr Van Buren's Administration
had commenced, and in 1839 Congress passed an
act by which these bonds were altogether remitted.
The Secretary of the Treasury had characterized
these thirty one millions «is a debt—but the
honorable Senator from Maine now says this
is a phantasy—as a debt incurred in time
of profound peace, while a war has been
carried on during the whole four years of the Ad-
ministration, at a greater expendituie of blood and
treasure than any frontier war this country has
been ever engaged in—and this wai s ill exists,
notwithstanding the bravery and 'kill combined in
tie present Administration The last Administra-
tion had done more, considering its means and the
difficulties it had to contend with, than any that had
preceded ft—with reductions in the Hnff to the
amount of forty or fifty million's, with the convul
sions in Cf mmerce and business, occasie ned by two
suspensions of the banks of ihe country, it had yet,
in despite of these dif7icultie<, maintained the pub-
lic credit unimpaired
The Senator from Maine had concluded his re-
marks by expressing his hope;, ¡hat the measures of
"relief" proposed by the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry wou d be adc pted Independently of constitu
tional consulpratii ns, hi. (\tr W ) hoped "o too
For he did not and could not wish any Adminis-
tration a greater curse than to have hm g round ns
neck the measures proposed by the S creUry -of
th" Treasury.
The debate was further continued by Messrs
EVANS, WK1GHT, and WOODBURY, until
5 o'clock
Mr. CALHOUN then obtained Ihe floor, and
expressed a wish to offei «-orne ob«ervali< n < n the
subject, but as the hour was late, and the Senate
fatigued after so Ion? a sitting in that sultry cham
ber, he would be gratified if the Senate would m
dulge him with an hour on Monday
Several voices—Adjourn—adjourn
Mr Calhoun thereupon moved an adjourn-
ment.
Mr CLAY hoped ihe Senate would not ad-
journ He had been anxious to say something
himself on this subjeit, but had forbome, because
he did not desire to take up the time of ihe Senate
unnece«sarily The Senator fiom Si uth Carolina
would have other opportunities lo offer his views
than on ihe present occas o i, when lb. re wasppnd-
iii" a mere motion to punt
Mr CALHOUN preferred ta sp< ak on the ques
tion then before them, as it was uncertain
when another opportunity wtuld present itself. He
had seldom asked ihe favor of an adjournment of
the body, and had n^ver, by his vote, denied it to
any pent eman who had a ked for it There was
nothing of so press ng a character before the Se
nate ?s ti mal e it neoe sary to sit thf rt to a 'ate
hour, and he hoped t ie Senate would ar'joum
Mr CLAY would pot c< ns-nt It Me Senator
desired to go on, he would move to irconsider the
vote to adjourn over and the Senator could pro
ceed to mojjow He did not like the ilea ihat the
firs'of the week sho ild be consumí d on a mere
motion to pint On Monday t> ere was the biU re
lating to the renewal ot the < alters ot ihe D strict
banl's, and the report <Vo>n toe coram tt ce en the
ciirreii"v mi^ht bt antic paled He wis very d -
sircus i get ¡nrough u w ik ui h as In le lo s of
lime as po s hie
Mr CALHOUN expre* ed hi-, r adines^ to ac
quiesce in ihe rcconsidei i k n of the v to, <.nd to
proceed to morrc a
Th  CHAIR said ihe q i st o i \j i 1 fir-.f ! e la-
sen   n ih*adj uinim-nt
The qiifst), n Wlls h,,n taken rn lie ndjnurn-
ment, and  t was ag.eed to—ayes 16 nt cs 1]
And the Senate adjrurned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, June 18 1841.
On motion of Mr J. C CLARK, the reading
of 5-0 much of the journal as included the pream-
ble and resolutions of Mr Watterson in relation
to removals from office, was dispensed with.
Mr. MORGAN inquired if it would be in order
to move that the preamble and resolutions above
referred to, be sticken from the journal7
The SPEAKER said it would not.
Mr. ADAMS rose and, adverting to the re-
consideration of the vote under which the standing
committees of the House were appointed, said he
considered that there were no standing committees
now existing, and that it had become the duty of
the Speaker to reappoint or appoint these com-
mittees He did not consider himself as a member
of a standing committee under the reconsideration
which had taken place He wished the decision
of the Chair on this point, for the purpose of mov-
ing the usual order that the standing committees
be now appointed And, for himself, he should not,
without a vote of the House, consider himself as
being at  the head of one of those committees
Ae had also to request that, if the committees
were reappointed, Ihe Speaker would not place him
at the head of any committee He wished that
the Speaker might have an opportunity of review-
ing hi' appointments of all the standing commit-
tees It was well known that they were appointed
rather hastily and suddenly, owing to the circum-
stances of the case, and that that fact had given
rise to some unpleasant circumstances, which had
been made the subject of explanation with the
Hou e itself
He considered that there were no standing com-
mittees in existence, that the resolution of ths
House under which the rules of the last Congress
were adopted, and the appointments made by the
Sneaker under that resolution, were cancelled by
the reconsideration of the vote, and that he should
not consider himself a member of a standing com-
mittee until there had bepn a vote of the House as-
certaining the faet.
He would state further that he desired this course
lo be pursued, because he thought it was required
by the consis ency cf the House itself He wished
that Ihe Speaker might have an opportunity of re-
vising ihe appointments, and especially because
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wise] had
hade a formal complaint of the standing commit-
tees, and most particularly charged that the North,
or the Puritans, or the Abolitionists, or whatever
he pleased to call them, had a disproportionate
share of the chairman of these commiitees. Now,
if there was any such sentiment in thi' House as
the gentleman from Virginia had expressed, he
(Mr A ) for one wished to give the Speaker an op-
portunity to correct the procedure, if there was any
foundation for tbe statement of the gentlpman from
Virginia So iar as he (Mt A ) himself was con-
cerned, he wished to take away any impression
of the kind And if the House, contrary to his
opinion of the state of the case, should decide that
the standing committees, notwithstanding the re-
consideration of the vote on the resolution by
which they we appointed, still existed, he should
ask the House to excuse huu from further service
as a member of the Committee on Indian Affsirs
Mr HUNT of Ntw York obtained the floor, but
Mr BRIGGtó rose to a ques ion of order. The
communes had been appointed under a separate
resolution, and, therefore, it was not now m ordf-r
to make the motion indicated by his colleague,
[Mi Adams] H  (Mr B ) objected to d scussion
upon it He asked t^e decision of the Chair on
his point of order.
Mr. HUJNT 'aidht hac' risen to make a motion
to lay ihe subject on the table, aid he would as-
sign his teasons m ihree words
The SPP4KERsaid the question msed by' ihe
gentleman from Massachu^eits [Mr Adams] was a
ehca t question for the Chair to deci 'e, inasmuch
¿s it involved the action of the Chair For this
reason, the Chair would prefer to submit it to the
decision ot the Hous, The Crair had no pride in
he action whith had taken place in relation to the
committees, nor did the Chair desire to revise it
But if it was the pleasure of the House  that the
standing committees should again be appointed,
the Chair would cheerfully discharge that duty.
If, on the contrary, it should be the pleasure of the
House that the committees should stand as they
were, the Chair would also acquiesce.
Mr BRIGGS called upon the Speaker to decide
the question of order, whether the standing commit-
tees were or were not in existence.
The SPEAKER decided that they were.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then, if my colleague takes ex-
ception to the decision of the Chair, let him appeal
from it.
Mr. HUNT said that it was with a view to re-
lieve the Speaker from the responsibility of a deci-
sion on a question of such delicacy, that he (Mr.
H ) had risen to submit his motion to lay on the
table.
Mr UNDERWOOD rose to inquire whether the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] could
obtain his object at all, without first moving a
suspension of the rule lo enable-him to submit the
motion
Mr. MALLORY submitted that it was clearly
out of order.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair had de-
cided.
Mr. ADAMS said that if the Speaker decided
that his motion was oat of order because he con-
sidered the standing committees in existence, he
(Mr. A ) asked to be excused from service as
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
Mt PICKENS wished to know the reasons of
the gentleman for making the request.
The SPEAKER observed that the gentleman
from Massachu etts could give them, if he chose to
do so
Mr MALLORY «aid ne would like to hear the
reasons of the gentleman
[Cries of "No, no"—"Gluestion, question "]
And the question being taken, Mr Adams was
excused from further service as chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
A suggestion was made by Mr. SERGEANT in
relation to a misapprehension which, he said, exist-
ed as to the construction to be put on the resolution
of yesterday fixing the daily hour of meeting. The
construction of the resolution was decided to be
suoh as that the House should meet at ten o'clock
on Monday next—meeting to morrow at the usual
hour of twelve.
Mr CALHOUN of Massachusetts, from the Se-
lect Committee heretofore appointed on the rules,
made the following report, in part
^"The Committee on the Rules, report, in part
discharge of Ihe duty assigned them, the following
as an amendment of rula 127, to be inserted after
the second clause
"And it shall not be m order to move a suspen-
sion of ihe rules for any particular purposes, until
after the daily call for petitions, reports of com-
mittees, and resolutions shall be completed, except
lor a motion to proceed to the orders of the day "
Mr Calhoun explained briefly the object of the
report.
Mr WELLER was desirous that the committee
should report a regular set of rules for the Govern-
ment of the House, and was anxious that it be
done before the important measures upon which
the? would be called to act were introduced He
wanted to see a complete set of rules reported by
the committee at once, and have the action of the
House upon it. He objected that the committee
was not authorized to repot t piecemeal, wherever
an emergency might arise, but that it was bound
to report altogether, and then that it ought to be
discharged He moved to lay the report upon Ihe
table.
Mr A V BROWN of Ten"essee ro«e o mak.3
a similar motion and that the report be printed, foi
the purpose of affording the House an opportunity
to examine it
Mr PICKENS mqu red wl ether it did not re-
quire a vote of m o ihirds to adopt this rule.
He then read the 127th lule, which provide that
no standing rule or order of the House shall be
rescinded or changed without one day's notice bezng
given of the motion therefor, nor ¡.hall any rule
be suspended except by a vote of two-thirds of
the members present, nor shall the order of busi-
