?4                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
him. His wish was, not to furnish an evil prece-
dent to others by his example. He thought the
House in some danger of setting one of that charac-
ter; a precedent which might hereafter be strained
and tortured to apply to cases of a very different
kind, and objects of a widely different character.
He called upon the advocates of the bill to enable
all the members of the House, or as nearly all as
was practicable, (for, after what had transpired yes-
terday, he confessed his despair of seeing the House
entirely united,) to agree in voting for the bill.
Mr. Ct. said he was willing to vote to the legal
representatives of the deceased President a sum
sufficient to cever all expenses incurred by him in
consequence of the position to which he had been
called by the voice of the Ajnerican people. Thus
Much he considered as an act of mere justice, and
one that could not be drawn into a rrecedentof
evil omen. He was willing to vote indemnity, but
not bounty. And to gentlemen who laid so much
stress upon the force of precedents, he would say
that there were abundant precedents to justify such
a proceeding. He would refer to but one. The
franking privilege had been conferred by law on
all our Presidents for life; and on what ground?
To indemnify them for expenses actually incurred,
or against such as they must be otherwise exposed
to. This was not in the nature of a bounty, or as
a rewaid for meritorious services: for it it had
been voted alike to our good and our bad Presi-
dents; but to indemnify men thus extensively
known from the great burden of expense to which
they must otherwise be exposed from the position
they had occupied. The principle of that law was
precisely the same as of the present bill. The voice
of the American people, most distinctly and clear-
ly uttered, had called General Harrison to'the
office of Chief Magistrate of the Union—he was not
to blame for that. This call had unavoidably sub-
jected bim to a very- large amount of expanse, from
which he would otherwise have remained free.
Shortly after entering on the actual discharge of
the duties of his office, he had died: and it was
now for Congress to decide whether it was not just,
—not generous—to indemnify his estate for ?uch
expenses—expenses incurred solely in consequence
of his compliance wiih the mandate of the pub-
lic will.
If Mr. G. recollected, for he had not read the
bill, it proposed to give the money appropriated to
the widow of General Harrison, and, in esse of her
decease, to his descendants. He would suggest whe-
ther it would not be better to give the money to ihe
estate—to the legal representative? cf the late Pre-
sident. It was very true tha', standing as Mrs.
Harrison did, in the relation of widow lo the de-
ceased and mother to bis children, the practical
effect might be very much the same, in whichever
form the bill should be drawn; his only objection
was this, that if the money weregiven to the widow,
rather than to the exe, mors, it would have more
the air of a bounty or gratuity. The money would
be hers, though it would certainly be enjoyed
by the nearest and dearest relatives of the de-
ceased; it would have a different look from
voting the money to his e.-tate. Mr. G. should
prefer the latter ¡orrn. He throw this out, how-
ever, merely for the consideration of the friends of
the bill.
The evils of th; pension system had been deep-
ly felt in the country; bat Mr. G. apprehended that
by voting this, b'll no precedent would be set that
was likely to lead to the system oí granting pen-
sions for civil services. He was- not desirous of
sending the bill to commissioners to afc.erlain t! e
precise sum whkh had been expended, and which
would be due as an indemnitj, that weald be a
nijrgardly proeerctii g. He did not wish to make
this act a mere matier of dollars and cents. He
wot|Jd not fill the blank, as had been proposed by
one gentleman yeserday, with so many dolíais and
so many cent?: no, ho would do the thin™ hand-
somely, but on the principles or justice, and as an
indemnity alone.
Then the only remaining inquiry was to what
would be a suitable amount with which to fill the
blank in the bill. On this subject Mr. Q- had no
data to go upon, and doubtless ether > enilemen
who had been members of the joint committee that
had reported the bill were more accurately inform-
ed. He had only thrown out these hints by way
of defining his position in regard to this measure,
and in the hops of inducing others who scruples on
the ground of the pension principle to vote with
him.
- The military pension system of this country had
grown to be enormous. It was a practical abuse,
calling loudly for reform. He trusted that the
House would turn their attention to the results
which had flowed, in Great Britain, from the civil
pension system, as now in operation in that coun-
try. It ought to be remembered by' every citizen
of a free Republic, that, under our forms of Go-
vernment, while the soldier hazarded his life and
spent his time or his fortune for the public good,, he
could look to none of those rewards which, under
European Governments, were so frequently be-
stowed as marks of public honor. There were
here no stars, or garters, or orders of merit, or pri-
vileged rank. Still, there ought one sure reliance
to be left to bim; and that was the justice of his
country. It had eften been said that Republics
were ungrateful; but Mr. G. would remind gentle-
men that geneiosity was always dangerous in Go-
vernments. The power to govern was the highest
trust that could be confided to man, and it ought
ever so to be exercised as to secure justice to every
citizen. Mr. G. was inclined to vole for the bill,
as being no more than an act of jusiice. In tha form
he proposed, it would not become a dangerous pre-
cedent, for no future President was very likely to
die for the mere sake of having the amount of his ex-
penses secured to his estate. But he besought gentle-
men to beware so'to frame their bill as to take from it
the air of a mere act of bounty. This was intended as
no reward to General Harrison ior services he had
done, either in his civil or his military character.
Mr. G. did not so regard it; because, if it rested on
that principle, Congress might as well make appro-
priations for the relief of the descendants of all our
past Presidents; they might as well vote sums of pub-
lic money to the venerable gentleman opposite, LMr.
Adams ] There might be a difference oí opinion
as to the claims of particular Presidents. Gentle-
men on one side of the House would vote away
money to sach as had embraced their political
views; while those on the other would do the like
to one who had pursued a different, if not opposite
course. But in an act of sheer justice and indem-
nification none of these difficulties occurred. The
distinction was too nice for Mr. G's intellectual
perception between a bounty and a reward-, but if
the sum appropriated was intended merely to in-
demnify the estate of a deceased President from
expenses incident to his having been elected Presi-
dent, there could be no valid objection to it. it was
not rigidly to reimburse, granting dollar for doll ir
for what had hren expended, but the sum appro-
priaied ought to be snffinient to cover all; let it be
done on a principle of liberally, aüíe honorable to
the nation End !o ihe memory oí the lamented and
illustrious deceased.
Having thus accomplished the purpose for which
he had risen, Mr. G. would-fuifil his promise to the
House by not further censumicg its time, but would
resume bis seat.
Mr. POPE th?n took the floor, and in a brief
speech declared himself in favor o." lbs appropria-
tion.
Mr. BIDLACIf of Pennsylvania saidhelniended
to speak the views of Pennsylvania and Ohio on
ttsis occasion, notwithstanding what Mr. Dean had
said on yesterday. He stood as the lepresentative
of the embodied /fling of the coun'ry. Hi thought
a bili for a reasonable amount should pass—as
they drink sen'iments for ¡he dcpaitt-d—silent and
standing He was no pr,.:y man on this occasion.
He did not rise to set hi? ronMitucnis right on this
subject. Hj represented a high, a generous, and a
magnanimous constituency. He did not wish to
obtain votes from the Whigs by ihis treasure, for
his distiict gaye Martin Van Buren three thou-
sand majority. lie sent the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the inhabitants of bis county, without re-
gard to party, to the Chair 'o be read, in order to
put himself right wiih his colleagues here for the
vote that he should give, against them and their
construction of the Constitution.   He said the gen-
tleman,' Mr. Whim: of Indiana, who spoke yes-
terday in favor of the bill, should have recollected
that "they came to bury Csesar, not to praise him."
He wished to pay the President's heirs on the
ground of the dignity of the office, and because he
did not wish to see the wife of the bosom of any
President of the United States going about the
streets begging for bread.
He went in for the bill as a measure to encou-
rage emulation among the young, and to put it into
the power of some Cincinnatus in future time to
accept the office of President, provided he hap-
pened to be elected. He quoted from Governor
Gilmer's speech, when he gave swords to the gal-
lant sons of the Old Dominion, and closed his ar-
gument with an extract from an article in the
Southern Literary Messenger.
After some remarks from Mr. SERGEANT in
favor of the bill,
Mr. UNDERWOOD said his heart was on one
side and his judgment upon the other. If this was
a new case, he might be led away by his heart; but
as he had-heretofore, in his judgment, opposed all
such claims, he should do so now. He gave his
reasons thus at large, because a gentleman from
Indiana, on the other side of the House, denounced
those who should vote against the bill. He ob-
jected, because it wa*, retioactive in its provisions-,
and because it called into existence legislative dis-
cretion, and applied it to past cases—because it
provided for the widow of a President for services
rendered by her husband while in office, thus in-
creasing the President's compensation after his
death. If it applied to the widow of the Presi-
dent, it applied to ihe widows of military officers.
He considered if this bill passed, that Mr. Jeffer-
son's heirs might with equal propriety claim the
same compensation. He objected to it further,
because he understood Mr. Adams to say that it
was to pay expenses incidental to an electioneering
campaign.
Mr. ADAMS said the gentleman had mistaken
the tenor of his remarks, and explained what he
did mean.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he would then take
ihe views of the gentleman as now expressed, and
proceeded to argue that if such a principle was to
be established in the case of a deceased President,
it would apply with equal force to deceased mem-
bers of Congress, and 10 the military officers gene-
rally. He said a stage diiver who became dis-
abled in the .service of the United States, might,
with equal propriety, ask for a pension. He
thought it was time to pause, when called upon to
settle such a principle. It was a feature of an
European Government, which he did not wish to
iinitr.te. He commented ypon Mr. Bidlack's ar-
gument that thi bill should be passed en account
of the dignity of the station of ths object cf it. That
was one of ¿is objections to the bill. He was wil-
ling to give an indemnity, but would not vote a
gratuity. He slid in case of an artist, who had
been hired by the United States in a foreign coun-
try, to paint a picture in this country, and who,
after nicking preparations in Italy, and embarking
ior this country, had died on our shores, he
should ieel bound to vote an indemnity, but no
gratuity.
Mr. SPRIGG of Kentucky now called Mr. Un-
derwood's attention to the bill for the reliaf of the
heirs of Robert Fulton.
Mr. UNDERWOOD showed that the cases were
not analogous. Gei eral Harrison had not claim-
ed pay iVr property lost, or services rendered to
the United States. Fulion had, and the country
had not paid him.
Mr. SUMMERS of Virginia said he should vote
to fill the blank in the bill with $25 OUO, and then
vote for the bill. His judgment an.1 bis heart, un-
l.ke tho^e of the gentleman from Kentucky, went
together in this matter. He should not stop to
look at the constitutional question. He went upon
higher and safer ground. He knew no fractions in
paying Presidents. He went for granting the heirs
of General Harrison an indemnity for losses sus-
tained and expenses incurred by the late President,
in preparing to take the chair of the Chi«"f Magis-
trate of this Government. He said his postage
alone, from the time of the Harrisburg Conven-
