CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7f
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 119, nays 70
So the-House concurred with the committee.
And the question then being on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. WILLIAMS of Maryland, moved it recom-
mitment with instructions to strike out $25,600, and
insert one quarter's salary
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previous question,
and there was a second.
[This cut off the motion to recommit, and
brought the House directly to a vote on the passage
of the bill]
And (alter some conversation) the main ques-
tion was ordered to be taken.
Mr. WELLER asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
And the main question, "Shall this bill pass'!"
was taken and decided iff the affirmative—yeas
122, nays 66
So the bill passed.
And, at half past eight o'clock,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Satbrdav, June 19, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. J. C. CLARK arose and said, that it had
been intimated to him that a molion might be sub-
mitted to reconsider the vote  of  yesterday,  by
which the bill for  the relief of the family of the
late President of the United States, General W.
H. Harrison, had been passed.     He would move,
therefore, to reconsider the vote, and on that mo-
tion demanded the previous question,  which was
seconded, and the mam question was ordered to be
taken, and being taken,  was decided m the nega-
tive without a division.
So the vote was net reconsidered.
Mr. BROWN and Mr. SNYDER severally ask-
ed permission to make personal explanations, but
the House refused to comply with the request.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped that the States and
Territories might be called in order tor petitions.
THE TARIFF.
On the 12th instant, a memorial had been pre-
sented by Mr. Fornance of Pennsylvania, from
citizens of that State, waich is m the following
words-
"To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled
"We, the undesigned, cmzens oí the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, respectfully ask the atten-
tion of your honorable bodies to the expediency of
revising and increasing the tariff. We have rea-
son to believe that the present tariff is uaequai m
its operation, affording greater protection to some
branches of manufacture than it does to others, and
that while the necessaries of life are taxed, various
articles of luiury are imported almost free from
duty We have also great reason to fear that the
present Congress intends to establish a National
Bank. Should this be done, we aie compelled to
solicit a protective tariff We hold that a bank
and a tariff must go together, and that, if a bnnk
be established, Northern labor must be protected
from foreign competition We therefore pray
your honorable bodies to take the matter into your
serious consideration, and, as in duty bound, we
will pray," &c
Thi  petition, giving rise to debate, had been or-
dered, under the rule, to lie ovei, and now came
up in its order.
There were four motions pending-
First, the motion of Mr. Fornance, to rcler the
petition to the Committee on Manu.actures, wnh
instructions to report a bill increasing the dunes on
imports.
Secondly, the motion ot Mr. Holmes to refer it
to the Committee on Commerce.
Thirdly, the motion of Mi. Atherton toreier it
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
And, fourthly, the motion of Mr Lewis Wil-
liams to amend the instructions by instructing the
committee "to inquire into the expedienc)" ot re-
porting such a bill.
And the quesuon being on the amendment of
Mr. Williams—
Mr. FORNANCE said he did not care what
committee the petition was referred to, but asked
the instructions for the purpose of having an ex-
pression of the House on the subject.
He had never ^uppo«ed that he would be the
author of a protective tariff movement in this
House He had expected that movement to come
from the majority of the House. He had every
reason to think so. The tariff was, in his district,
made a question at the last Presidential election,
and the result of that election induced him to think
that a protective tariff would be among the first
acts of the Administration party at this session of
Congress, but it seemed it was left for him to bring
it before the House.
Mr EVERETT rose to a question of order.
He submitted to the Chair whether there was any
reference made m the President's message to a
protective tariff, and whether, therefore, the sub-
ject did not come within the rule adopted by the
House, prescribing and limiting the action of the
House during the present extra session.
Tne SPEAKER said that the revision of the
tariff generally was not particularly recommended
in the President's message; but that it was very
difficult for the Chair to determine between peti-
tions having reference to the compromise act, and
petitions having reference to an increase of duties.
One of the prayers of th-is petition was, that there
should be an increase of duties. The President
himself had recommended an increase, to a limited
extent, to be sure, within the terms ot the compro-
mise act. Tne Chair had looked over the message
wuh great care, and was not prepared to decide
that all petitions relating to the tariff, or even the
tariff itself, were not a proper subject for discus-
sion. It was extremely difficult to draw the dis-
tinction—
Mr EVERETT. I draw the distinction, Mr.
Speaker, between a tariff for revenue and a tariff
for protection.
The SPEAKER.    But gentlemen may differ as
to what is a tariff for revenue and what is a tariff,,
for protection.
Mr. SLABE asked the reading of that portion
of the President's message referred to, which was
read as follows:
"In Older to supply the wantscf the Government, an mtelli
gent constituency, in view ol their best interests, will without
hesitation, submit to all uece «ary burden- But it is neverthe
lessimpoitant so as to impo e ihem as to avoid defeating the
just expeaions ot the countiy  iowm? out of pre existing
law  The act of the 21 Maieh, 1833, commonly called the
Compromise Act, should not be altere!, e\cept undei urseit
nece sities whiLh aienotbt i eved at this time to exist One
yeat only remains to compte * the senes of reductions pio
videdfuby that law, at which time provisions made by the
*am" law, and which then wu! be broujht actively in aid ol
themauufactuiingmlerei>f.ot the t'mon, wit! not lai] to pio
duce the most beneficial remits Under a s}s em of discrimi
natmg duties imposed fui puiposes oí íeveuue m unison with
the provisions of eYlstln" laws it is to he hoped I hat om policy
will, m the fu.ure, be hxed and permanent so as to avoid
those consent fluctuations which defeat  he very objects
they have in wew We shall thus best maintain a posi
tion which, while it will enable us the moie i adily to meet
the advance ot othei countries calculated to piomote our tiade
and commerce, will, at the same time, h.ave in our own
hands the means of letaliaung wuh greacei effect ui|ii t re«u
¡ations "
Mr. EVERETT asked for the rea ing of the
p tition, wmch was lend.
Mr É sail the who e oet'tion contempla'ed a
ta'iff iorprotcctioi He did not teel deposed to
agitate Mat question; and, with a view to test the
sens* ot the House a^to whether this subject came
within the rule or not, he wcild lake an appeal
from the decision of the Speakfr.
And ihi' qu-sttrn be.ng on the appeal-
Mi. FLOYD of New Yotk asked the yeas and
nay, which were ordered
Mr. FROFFIT moved t > lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Speaker wi-
ther that motion, if it prevailed, would carry tie
pptit'on to tne table with a
The SPEAKER said it would not.
And the question recurring on the motion ot Mi
Profpit to  lay  the appeal ou the  table, it was
taken, and decided  m tne affirmative without a
division
So the appeal was laid on the table
And the question recurring en the amendment of
Mr Lewis Williams—
Mr. FORNANCE was sorry that any gentle-
man was so sensitive on  the subject.   If it were
true that this petition was out of order, it would
be doing the minority injustice to exclude it, which
he hoped the majority would not do. Mr. F, re-
peated that he had expected, from the result of the
late Presidential election, that the tariff question
would be one of the first measures to be brought
forward by the new Administration. He was in-
duced to believe so. But since be had been here
he had heatd of a National Bank; he had heard of
a design to repeal the Independent Treasury, and
various other important measures, but he had not
yet heard a word from the majority as to an in-
creased tariff For that reason, he felt himself jus.
titled in bringing the matter before the House, that
his constituents might know, amoDg other things,
whether a tariff wa« one of the measures of the
piesent Administration or not
Mr F said he introduced a similar memorial
during the last Congress. That he had offered a
similar proposition when the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania, asking for a distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands and an increase
of tariff, were presented by my colleague, [Mr.
Sergeant,] but the House was prevented from act-
ing upon it by his colleague (Mr S.) interposing a
privileged motion, which laid upon the table the
whole subject, there to meet an ignominious death.
He thought, at the time, that the resolutions de-
served better things, and that by the course pur-
sued, the resolutions frem the State oí Pennsylva-
nia were treated discourteously. The resolu-
tions had cost the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania a great deal of money, they came
from the political friends of his colleague, (Mr.
Saroeant,) and were drafted by the assembled
representatives of the Harrison party in Pennsyl-
vania, and they certainly deserved more respect
I than merely to be laid on the table, and never heard
of afterwards. Mr. F. said there were many rea-
sons for giving to the committee the instructions
proposed. It was believed by many that the tariff
is unequal and unjust in its operation,' imposing
duties on necessaries of life, while many luxuries
were admitted free. It was believed fey some that
the compromise bill was never passed for the good of
the country, and that it was a mere political jackal
sent out to the lion of a party to administer to ulterior
purposes For hi part, and that of hi?, constitu-
ents, he was always opposed to the extremes to
wan h the tariff m this countiy had ben subjected.
In 1826,'27, '28, a lare majority of his district
were opposed to the htgh protection recommended
bv tne American system party at that time. Mr.
F. said his object in rising was to state his dis-
t.nct reasons why the subject should be brought be-
fore the country at the present time.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina said the
question was as to a point of reference. It did
notjbeem to him that the general subjects of a tariff
and a National Bank were open to discussion. Mr.
W. suggested whether the gentleman was m order.
Mr. FORNANCE said he would occupy the
floor but a very short time. It was very seldom
that he obtained it He would now endeavor to con-
fine himseit stnctly_within the rules. He wished
not to intrude on "the time and patience of the
Hoose
Mr F. proposed to sute two or three reasons
why the tariff question should be brought before
the country at this time. One is, we are told, that
one of the measures of the present Administration
is a dibtrioution ot the proceeds of the sales of the
public land-, Congtess had been requested to do
so bv resolutions from different States of the Union.
Tins' measure was agitated by Administration
membeis, and was among the recommendations in
the Presidents message. If this should be done it
would ¡ake from the revenue of our country two
or thiec millions of dollar , and it therefore became
the House to inquire whence the revenue to sup-
ply its loss was to be derive d. If this be one of the
measures of the present Administration, it would
abstract two or ihree millions of dollars a year
from the source of revenue, and we must see that
the vacuum be supplied. He cared not how just it
mi ht be to some States, he could notconset to con'
stder the questtoi oí distribution until some source
of revenue was provided to take its place. Another
reason was, the assumption of State debts.   U this
