78                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was intended as one of the measures of the Admi-
nistration^—if it was intendad to assume public
debts amounting to two or three hundred millions
dollars, fit was time to examine the source and
Amount of our revenue.
Mr. PROFFÍT called the gentleman to order.
It was not in order to discuss what is «ot even re-
commended in the message of the President of the
United States.
Mr. FORNANCE said he thought it strictly in
©rder. He only desired to stale two or three rea-
sons why the tariff should be now considered, if,
as he had said before, the assumption of the public
debts was another scheme of those in power, it was
time to look to the revenue. It might be said by
the gentleman from indiana, and other friends of
the Administration, that it would be lime enough
to talk about paying for the debt after it had been
assumed. But this course Mr. P. was opposed to.
He was opposed to first begging a debt, and then
begging a tariff to raise revenue to pay that debt.
* He desired now to give the majority an opportunity
of providing means beforehand.
Mr. P. said there was another reason for asking
a protective tariff at this time. It was the proba-
bility tbat a National Bank would be established.
[Here the Speaker called him to order, inform-
ing him it was net in order to discuss a National
Bank at this time, but Mr. F. was afierwards per-
mitted to proceed.]
Mr. P. said that the friends of the Administra-
tion had declared on the floor of (his House, that a
National Bank would ¿11 our Treasury without
any increase of duties. And this was a reason
why to discuss the subject was now in order, and it
was also a reason why we should have a protective
tariff, if a Bank be established. Mr. P. said he did
not doubt but tbat a National Bank would fill our
Treasury without any increase of duties; and this
was the spring whence the injury to Northern
industry must come. Establish a National Bank
of issues and discounts, and he would say that the
increased importation would be such that in a short
time we would have a surplus revenue at the present
duttes; the effect of which would be to fill our
Treasury with ihe notes of thai banking institution;
to fill our pons with foreign merchandise; to bring
foreign, competition to the door of our manufac-
tories, and stop every furnace, loom, and spindle
north of the Potomac. This, he thought, was a
very strong reason why the tariff should be now
acted on. If a Bank was a friend of the South, as
had been alleged, it must be remembered that a
tariff may be a friend to the North; and if a Bank be
established, self-preservation would compel the
whole North to go for a protective tauft; the inte-
rest of the mechanic, the manufacturer, the iron,
the coal, the marble interés;—the interest of all
Northern labor, would compel Northern members
to support a protective tariff.
He was obliged to the Huu*e for having permit-
ted him to stata briefly wby he asked now the ac-
tion of Congress on this measure. Many of the
members appearing to be so sensi'ive on ihe sub-
ject, he would not now trespass upon their feelings
any longer.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to lay the pe-
tition 0:1 the table.
Mr. FORNANCE a-.ked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, were as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, LaudarT W. Andrews,
Arnold, Arlington, Atbeiton, Baker, Bank , Bar-
nard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Boyd, Brewster,
Bnggs, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
Burke, Wilitam Bul'er, Wiliam 0. Bu'ier, Green
W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, John
Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Gary, Child?, Chittenden,
JohnC. Clark, Staley N. C^rke, Clifford, Clinton,
Coles, Cowcn, Cranston, Craven-,Cushing, Daniel,
G. Davis, W. C. Dawson, John B. Pawoon, Dean,
Deberry, Doan, Eastman, John C. Edwards,
Fessenden, FiUtnore, A. L. Foster, Thomas F.
Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Gilmer, Goggin,
Patrick G. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Greig, Ha-
bersham, Hall, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck,
Howard, Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, Hunt, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Lane, Linn, Lowell,
Abraham McClellan, McKay, Mallory, Alfred
Marshall, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason,
John T. Mason, Maxwell, Medill, Meriwether,
Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne,
Owsley, Parmenter, Payne, Pearce, Pope, Proffit,
Benjamin "Randall, Alexander Randall, Rayner,
Rencher, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, Roosevelt, Ser-
geant, Shaw, Shepperd, Slade, Smith, Sprig?,
Steenrod, Stratton, Stuart, Summers, Sweney,
Taliaferro, Turney, "Van Rensselaer, Warren,
Weller, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Christo-
pher H. Williams, Joseph L. William's, Wood,
Yorke, and John Young—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, S. J. Andrews,
Beeson, Bidlack, Boardman, Borden, Bowne, Chas.
Brown, Burnell, Cooper, Richard D. Davis, Di-
mock, Doig, John Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Fer-
ris, J. G. Fioyd, Chark's A. Fiojd, Fornance, Ger-
ry, Giddings, Gustine, Win. S. Hasiings, John
Hastings, Henry, Ingersoll, J. Irvin, Wm. W. Ir-
win, Jack, James, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Law-
rence, Marchand, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks,
Maynard, Newhard, Oliver, Patridge, Pendleton,
Plumer, Ramsey, Randolph, Reding, Russell, Sal-
tonsiall, Sanfortt, Simonton, Snyder, R. W Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomhnson, Trumbull,
Underwood, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward, Walter-
son, Westbrook, Winthrop, and A. Young—60.
So the petition was laid.on the table.
Mr. MORGAN inquired of the Speaker if there
was not another memorial of a similar character on
the table which would now come up in iis order?
The SPEAKER replied that there was. It had
been laid over on a former day, objection having
been made to it.
This was a petition, heretofore presented by Mr.
Kennedy of Maryland, from citizens of Baltimore,
praying for a reduction of duties on foreign lobac-
co and for an increase of duties on Spanish su-
gars.
Mr. K. moved its reference to the Committee on
Manufactures.
And Mr. Atherton had moved its reference to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORGAN now moved to lay the petition
on the table.
Which motion prevailing, the petition was laid
on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The SPEAKER called for petitions and memo-
rials in the reverse ord-:r ot the States and Territo-
ries, and petitions were presented by the following
genilem^n:
Mr. HOWARD of Michigan.
[Mr. Lawrence of Pennsylvania here rose, and
inquired ot tne Speaker if petitions in relation to
the tariff could be teceived at the present session?
lo which inquiry,
The SPEAKER iaid that the Chair had de-
cided that such petitions Mere receivable.]
Mr. MILLER of Missouri.
Mr.CRAVENS of Indiana.
Messrs. SWENEY, PENDLETON, STOKE-
LY, COWEN, MASON, MORROW, and RIDG-
WAY, of Ohio.
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL of Tennessee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD of Kentucky.
[Mr. Underwood piesented the memorial of
Samuel Raub, jr. which he stated was a prayer fcr
Congress to purchase a plan for national de-
iencp, which the memorialist set forth as capable
of defending our vessels of war and fortifications
from ihe assaults of all enemies whatever. The
memorial, «villi a draft uf the plan ,was referred
to the Committee on Military AiPurs.]
Mr. HOLMES of Scuth Carolina.
Messrs. DEBERY and STANLY of North Ca-
rolina.
Mr. SUMMERS of Virginia.
Messrs. SOLLERS and WILLIAMS of Mary-
knd.
Messrs. SERGEANT and BIDLACK of Penn-
sylvania.
Messrs.  BREWSTER,  BARNARD, GREIG,
CHITTENDEN,     FILLMORE,     MORGAN,
CHILDS, WOOD, SAN FORD, and McCLEL-,
LAN, of New York.
[Mr. McClelun of New York presented a pe-
tition of 100 citizens of the city of New York,
praying Congress to establish a general bankrupt
law at the present session.]
Mr. HALL of Vermont.
Messrs. SMITH and BOARDMAN of Con-
necticut.
Mr. TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Messrs. PARMENTER, HUDSON and
ADAMS of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Parmenter presented the petition of John
Sargeant and one hundred and thirty-three citizens
of Cambridge; and Abel Jewett and twenty-four
citizens of Pepperall, in the State of Massachu-
setts, for a general bankrupt law.]
[Mr. Adams stated that he had a large nnmber
of petitions (tailing under the rule adopted by the
House for the present session) of which he pro-
posed to send a list to ¿he Clerk's table, containing
a statement of them, which the Clerk should re-
tain until the commencement of the next session of
Congress, in order that it might be known at that
lime tbat he. had presented such petitions. He
would not insist upon having them put on the jour-
nal, provided that no other members had their pe-
titions placed upon it. He made this proposition
to save the time which would be consumed in pre-
senting them separately.
Objections having been made to the reception of
the petitions, a question arose as to the proper aetion
the rule.
And after some discussion on that point, in
which Messrs. DAWSON, W. C. JOHNSON,
SLiCE, and ADAMS participated—
The SPEAKER decided that if a rigid construc-
tion of the rule was insisted on, no petition, which
came wi'htn its provisions, could be received, and
that all petition already received and laid on the
table under that rule must be returned to the mem-
bers n ho p:esented them.
Mr. ADAMS said he should insist that the ob-
servance' of the rule be universal.]
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
There being no further petitions, the committees
were called in their order for reports.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Way 
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the present session of Congress, which was
read twice, and, on motion of Mr. F. was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to revive
and continue in it.rce for ten years the act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Mechanics'Relief So-
ciety of Alexandria;" which was read twice;
And, on motion of Mr. U. the bill was ordered
to be engrossed (or a thüd reading on Monday.
The SPEAKER then called the Stales in their
order for resolutions.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requesied to cause to be communicated to this
House the aggregate amount of each description
of persons, wiihin the several districts of the
United States, by counties and principal towns,
prepared from the general returns of the census at
the Dspartment of State.
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP,
Resolsed, Tbat the Committee on Commerce con-
sider the expediency of providing, either by a se-
lect committee of Congress, sitting in the recess, or
by a special commission appoi ited by ihe Secre-
tary of the Treasury, for taking evidence at the
principal ports of entry and elsewheie, as to the
operation of tne existing system and rates of duty
on imports, upon the manufacturing, commercial,
and agricultural interests of the country.
Mr. BARNARD offered the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, Thai so much of the President's mes-
sage, with the accompanying documents, as has re-
ference to our foreign relations be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to
commerce be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
condition of the Treasury, to reveaue and expendí-
