82
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
right of action, on the subject' The Secretary
himself felt the force of this question, and, to give
some color of right, he has taken a liberty which
no other officer of the Government has ever taken
—he has called it it a debt due by the United Slates
to the several States. He has even called that an ap-
propriation, that never was appropriated. And he
proposes that the United States shall pay interest
to the States for a debt due by them to the United
States! And he makes this extraordinary proposi-
tion: that if any State does not choose to take the
share allotted to it, that share shall be transferred
to some other State willing to take it
He proposes to lay a heavy and onerous tax on
the cornmuiuty, in the shape of an increased tariff,
to raise duties on all articles of commerce import-
ed, up to 20 per cent and increase the burdens of
the people twelve millions of dollars. And for
what purpose? To meet the interest on this debt,
which mainly grows out of the subscription to this
new United States Bank, that the managers of it
may get a gratuity of two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars a year. The next object of this bur-
densome taxation is to cover the transfer of the
permanent revenue from the public lands, that is,
to lay on a tax equal in amount io that which is
transferred, with the addition ot sxpenses'
What is the motive for these extraordinary mea-
sures.? The answer is given by geallerren rn
the opposite side to relieve the distre s of the coun-
try ! Who is meant by "ihe country?" The peo
pie? The tax-paying people' The community which
expects nothing from the Goi eminent—which ask
nothing but justice, and to be let alone? Is
it, indeed, for their benefit' He (Mr Cilhoun)
would put it to the Senator on the other side whu
had so ardently advocated these measures, to say,
will the debt of thirty-one millions relieve the peo
pie? Will it relieve them to put an additional
burden on them of twelve millions a year in the
shape of taxation? Will the distribution of their
permanent revenue from the sale of public lands
relieve the people? Will it relieve them to mort
gage, at a heavy interest, the thousand millions of
acres of the public lands jet in reserve foi per-
manent revenue? Is all this to be the relief to the
people which they are to get from the new Admi-
nistration? Did not the gentlemen on the opposite
side tell the people at the Presidential canvass th->t
this change of men and measures was necessary to
relieve the country; and do they now rise in their
places, in the Senate chamber of that country, and
dare to say to the people, "om relief is to tax you
—to lay a permanent mortgage on your public
lands—to raise the price of the foreign articles you
consume twenty per cent, this was what we meant
when we promised you relief" if this is not re
lief to the people, to whom can it be r< iief ? To
whom but to those who are not tin tax payers?
To whom but to the tax consumers—the de-
pendants on the Government which distribute.
* the taxes—the hundred thousand expectants of
office to be rewarded for their electioneer-
ing labors—the holders of the stock in this
new Fiscal Agent Bank—the mercenary por-
tion of ihe State Legislatures? These are the only
persons to be relieved by the present measuifs
The relief will be to them, not to the people, who
are to get the reverse of what they were led to ex-
pect. To the idle horde of expectants, these mea-
sures will bring great relief That de cnption of
persons must be, no doubt, the class which com
pose "the country," so much m distress They
are famishing, hungry, howling for prey Thi.
stock brokers, the speculators, the bank managers,
are crying out for tins relief, and well they may
cry out for the system that enable 1 them to 'hnve
on the labors of others On this Government, and
the renewal ot their system, they now depend for
relief, and they are going to obtain it. The
measures now projected, are the very mea-
sures that brought them into existence. Is
there any man conversant with the history
of the country, who d^es not «now that
measures as these were at the bottom of
the | original division of political parties in
this Government' The first step was the
creation of a national debt, and its result, in-
creased taxation to feed a National Bank,    To
these was now to be superadded another measure
which he conceived to be more unconstitu-
tional, more obnoxious, and more danger-
ous ihan either of the others—the distribution
t f the proceeds of the sales of the public lands. He
[Mr. Calhoun] knew, and he regretted their de
lusion, that there were hongst men laboring under
the strange hallucination, that they were now bat-
tling for the same Democratic principles they once
so ably maintained, m giving their support to these
measure'' Do they not see thit the very system
they combated so nobly, is reconstmctmg in these
measures' It was to him (Mr. Calh tjn) a most
extraordinary—a wonderful thing, that these honest
men could so delude themselves, or be deluded.
He hoped ihat time woald open iheir eye-s that
they would soon see they are on the wrong side
that, instead of continuing to battle for, they
are battling against the great body of the people—
the real Democracy to which they once belonged-
that they are battling on the side opposed to their
own principles 1 hey will «eon find out that this
extra session of Congress has been convened with
a view of resuscitating the HamiUoman system
and rendering it still more anti-Demociatic than
it over was, by the addition of this new and decep-
tive feature of distributing a ptrn anent sourc of
revenue Ift. e movers of these measures sha'l
succeed—if they sliMl establish them—he (Mr
Caihoun) would not say that they would liy the
found-uion ot a revolution, but that they had
airead/ consumma ed a revolution as tl sas-
trons to public liberty as our gr<Mt revomtion
wai g'orious And ihe success of tht'e mi asures
will be the consummation oí that new revo ution
which will be im re ru'iious in its effects than thn
history of any country ¡ids ever eivpii to the world
—a trarsfcr of the power of the G ivernment flow
the people to a moneyed oligarchy—more odious
and more exacting  than atay described in|histoiy.
Who can doubt what was the object ot the fra-
mers ot our Constitution' Who can doubt that
those wise and tiue patnois contemplated any
other object but that ot estabhshirg a pure system
of Democracy—a system for the people—the real
people' A lopt the measures now urped upon Con-
gress—h t hum pass by foice of majorities, in «¡pite
of ar¡?nm nt and reason—and the powci vested by
that C institution in the people, will pass fiom their
hands m'o the hands of a pouer which it w-js con-
structed to protect (htm against It will pass into the
hards of a few inastei rulers, baclcd by their hun-
diid thousand dependants to ktep possession of
their power
It i-, proposed to establish a most injurious part
ner-hip ietween a mercenary ¡nstitutim and the
Generil Gtvernment, by creating a debt of thirty
millio s to furnish capital tor tin partners!) p be-
tween the creator and the thing created And for
wnat' To add to the power of the Governmert
by means diavn from the strong \ of the peo-
p'e ¡Jut to seduce the local protectors of the
people, it is proposed to divide tn s iniquitous
partnershio with the States lo bribe them, they
are offered relief from their debts, by the establish-
ment of a national debt. The power of the local
Governments and ot the General Governmeat is
to be consolidated by a bube of partnership
When this is consummated, is there any man can
lay his hand to his heart, and say it is not his belief
—his convict on—that this unholy union of Govern-
ments will give a greater combination of power than
the people evercan control, much less overcome' As
this combination i  s'rensahened, so in proportion are
the people weakened The capital of the people
is abstracter' from them to create a debí, the inte-
rest of which 's to paralyze them, vhile n ¡nvi
gor tes the instrument ot their enervation, this
towei-eon olidanng Bank. The people are to be
so weakened, and their opponents so strengthened,
that m the words of the high priest of Democracy,
the result must ultimately be, not only a union oí
powus opposed to the people, bu1 ? conr entration
finally ending in a single individual Are we not
m the midst of a fearful struggle for unlimited
pewet' Threatened with the same aristocratic
ambition for dominion, which once well niga over-
turned all the institutions, for the attainment of
which the blood of our ancestors was shed?   If this
ambition is not interposed here, nothing can save
the people. Their sovereignty is bui an'idle name
—their power and their liberties are gone He
would say to the people of this country, look well
to the fi'cal action of our Government, and espe-
cially m its uisburssments Fiscal action consists ot
two parts, that of taxation, and that of distribution.
Trie pre per limits of taxation may be extremely
difficult to adjust, but the fiscal action of the Go-
vernment in' relation to the distribution i« not so
uncertain. If the money received in the shape of
tax is burned or destroyed, the loss falls equally on
the people But that is not the case with regard
to distribution
Take the whole piocess of taxation and distribu-
tion together—and it is unnecessary to view them
separately—'they must be viewed in combination—
and it is obvious that one portion of the communi y
pays more into ihe Treasury ihan they take ont of
it, in the shape of distribution, and the other puts
less into it than they take out ef it, in the same
shape of distribution. What is the result? One
part of the community bears the burden of taxa-
tion, and the other is supported by its distribution
If there was no olh -r cause, this Jone would divide
any community into opposing and conflicting inte-
rests—the tax-paying and the tax-receiving. Every
man must- see that if this ¡s the result of unequal
taxation and disbnr-ements, the power which con-
tre K t aem, when to it is superadded t'-e power of a
great banking system, and tne widespread opera-
tions of ,. pub'ic debt, can easily «ubjugat  one
portioj of the community to do Us will, for the over-
throw ot the other, as tne power ot any despotism
on earth
To illustrate this in detail he would select two
counties on the < the side of the river—the coun-
ties of Fairfax and Loudoun. Suppo-e ihey agree
to form a little Republic in themstlyes Suppose
the property and resources of each were equal, ihe
income of ihe both being §300,000, and they were
to be to be governed by the votes of the majority.
Suppose their Legislature should levy a tax of
^100,000 on each county, which would bring
$900,000 into the common treasury But then
Loudoun has a greater population, and a stronger
vote in the Legislature, and by her majority she
should appropriate the whole 0200,000 to lm-
prcve ments m roads, cana's, &c within her
own limits Is it not clear thdt Loudoun, in-
stead of being a sufferer to the amount of
$100,000, i  an actual gainer of §100,000, and she
wi'l be twice as rich as Fairfax undpr that single
operation Suppose $500 600 is drawn from them
—£250,000 from each—to be put imo a bank for
its own benefit A greit difference may arise
Take the tax levied for the nurpo e from Loudoun
or Fairfax, and it goes to i ¡ lividuals. But sup-
pose the bank is located in Loudoun, you create
then an aristocracy which will soon grow into
power enough, first to rule Loudoun, and, through
its accumulated power, Faixfax
The aristocratic principle is coeval with the ex-
istence of oar Government. It has been resisted
for fifty years-, and successfully, and was pros-
trated in the dust. But recently an unexpected
turn of circumstances has brought its advo-
cates into power, and now under the pre-
tence of relief to the country, the attempt
will be made to rebui'd it. Is it not, then, the
duty of the minority in this chamber, who have
always resisted this encroachment—the duty of
every public man who regards the interest of his
constituency—to be more than ever vigilant and"
cautious oa a!l occasions of taxation and distribu-
tion coming before them' Is it not a duty that
they never shall consent to impose one cent of tax
on the people, without it is mown there is an im-
perious and unavoidable necessity for u' But
never, when it can De avoided bv economy and re-
trenchment of expenditure. This scrutiny and
criticism on the report of the S^creury of the Trea-
sury are called for, because be proposes m it to
pursue a eontrary course Has tie Secretary of
the Treasury ^hown any ui position to retrench?
Has he shown any d --position to lop off useless
expenditures' Does he propose to become econo-
mical while re sa>s there is distress and financial
derangement?   No, tw says there is no room for
