86                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one had said, and he pregumedno one would say, that the com
mittee were bound by the Secretary's plan Bat what were
the facts in regard to it? Why, we were not in possession of
It, but it had been sent to the other body and every one knew
wííat it waa But there was not a committee of that House
authorized to considei that plan as among the things refei
red to them by it. Mr S concluded by calling the previous
question
And there was a second
And the mam question was ordered to be taken
Mr WISE then modified his resolution to read as follow 
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of the Mreasury be requested
to lay before this House the plan of the fiscal agent recommend
ed m his report on the 3d inst
And, as thus modified, the resolution was adopted
EXPENSES OF THE EXTRA SESalON.
On motion by Mr FILLMORE, the House íesolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,Mi Tilling
hast of Rhode Inland in the Chair, on the following bill
A BILL making appropnations for the   piesent session of
Crugress
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the United States of America in Cong? ess assembled,
That the following sums be, and the sdine are hereby, appro
pnated, tobe paid out of any unappiopnated money m the
Treasury, viz
For lhe pay and mileage of the members of the Senate for the
present session, sixty eight thousand five hundred nnd forty
one dolíais and sixty cents
For the pay of the Chaplain of the Senate, five hundred dol
lars.
Ferprinting, stationery, and all other contingent expenses of
the Senate for the present session, twenty six thousand one
hundred and eighty nine dollars
F r the pay and m leage of the members of the Hon^e of
Representatives and Chaplain for the present session of Con
gress, two hundred and! fty six thousand six hun-lrel dollars
For printing, stationery, nnd all other contingent expenses of
the House of Representatives for the present session, Unity
thousand eight hundred and thirty six dollars
For the supply of statunery for tht second session of the
Twenty seventh Congreso, fifteen thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary Provided always, That no
part of the sums appiopnated for the contingent expenses of
either House of Connies shall be applied to any othei than the
ordinary expenditures ol the Senate and House of Represen
tatives, nor as extra allowance to any clerk, m^s^enger, oi other
attendant of the said two Houses, or either of them
Total expenses for the present extra session, three hundred
and eighty thousand, six hundred and sixty six dollars and sixty
cents
[The data on which the above estimate of expenses foi the
present session was made is not ^iven It will bestxn th it the
item forth* pay and mileage of members of the House includ
ng6500for Chaplain, is8¡¿iG,u(JÜ The mileage oi ¿<P mem
bera, averaging, with the sal ny of the Chap] mi, $">0J idrh,
being deducted, leaves $115,000 foi the pay of memheis The
amount paid weekly to 24¿ members, at $% each, is $13 5")2
So that from the above calculation it appears that the Itn^Ui oí
the session has been extend* d by the frameis oí the bill at about
eígiH weeks, which gives $108,416 ]
The bill having been read—
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS tnid that ft om the reading of die
bill, as well as he could understand it, it seemed tint the con
nngent fund of the Senate was withm fouror fivo thousand
dollars of the amount of that of the House of Rtpiesentatives,
and he would be glad to hear from the chairman of the Com
mitteeof Ways and Means samo particular in relation to the
appropriation for the Senate
Mr FILLMORE replied that the amount of the Smite
estimate waa made out by tht Secretary of the Senate, and he
[Mr  F j wouldreadit, il thegtntleman dt,*iredit
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMd «¡aid that he had no desire toheir
the details It seemed to him however, that the *cciettry
of the Senate had been veiy extiivasant in making om this esti
mate, and he did not know how it luppened thif theSuiate re
quired so lar^e an amount as had been appiopriatej, vvhtn the
body was so small
Mr ADAM  moved to amend the hill by inserting m the
fifteenth line, aftei the word "and," these woids, ' including
«500 for Chaplain "
Which amendment was agreed to
And the committee, on motion of Mr BRIGGS, rose and re
ported the bill to the House
The House concurred with the Committee of the W hole m
its amendment, and (having been ordeied to a thud reading
now,)
The bill was read a third lime and parsed
The House, on motion ol Mr Undlrw ood, took up the bill
on the Speaker's tablo entitled An act to ievive nnd continue
in force foi ten year's an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Mecha, ics' Relief ¡society of Alexandria " The question being
on its final passage-—
Pome convocation took place between Messrs WELTER,
FILLMORE, UNDERWOODJPROFFIT, and KING nf Geor
gia, as to whether any provision was made to secure the credi
tors of any) of tht- corporation
After which, by unanimous con<=t-nt, the b 11 was amended by
inserting in the last line thereof the woids "aftei paying the just
debts of said corporation "
And, as thus amended, the bill was passed
Mr FILLMORL moved to take up and considei the resolu
tion providing for the printing of 10 ikOexUa copies of the re
port of the Secretary ofthe Treasuiy on the finances Mr P
remarked that the Committee oí Ways and Means had not even
copies for their own use
Mr McKaY offered the following resolution, which lies over
one day
Resolved That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be directed to
report to this House, with as Hule delay as possible, a list of
the several appropriations which he states, m his report of the
2d of June mutant, were unexpended and outstanding on the
4th of March last, leferrmg to the acts by wi ich they were
made, and designating those which will be requtied for the sei
Tice of the current year, and also those which will be lequjred
between the 1st of June and the 31st of August next
Resolved, furiker, That the Secretary report 10 this House
the amount of money drawn from the Treasury between the 4th
of March and the 31st of May ofthe present year, both mclu
sive, the amount accounted for by disbursing agents within the
jiftme period, specifying particularly the amount accounted foi
ofthe moneys drawn since the 4th of March, and the amount
accounted for of what was drawn prior to thit day, so as to ex
hibit, as near as possible, the amount of expenditures between
the davs above mentioned, and showing also the amount m the
hands of disbursing agents, and unaccounted for on the 15th of
June mst
Mr CAMPfíELLofSouthCííiolma offered the following re-
solution, which lies over one day
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in
stiucted to inquiee into the expedienry of so amending the
act entitled *'An act to provide for the collection, safe keep
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,"<ip
proved July 4, 1840, as to authori?" all duties taxes, debts oi
sums of money, accruing and becoming payable to the Uni
ted States, to be collected and paid in the legal currency of
the United States, or in Tieasury notes, oi m ouirent bank
notes of specie paying baiks, payable and paid on demand
m the siid legal currency of the United Prates and ah>o oí
providing by law for settlements with tht, banks, respective
lv, for such balances of then notes -is may ítmain on hand
at. the expiration of certain penods and also tí repeilmg «o
much of the said act entitled "An act to provide far the col
lection, safe keeping, transler, and disbursement of the pub
he revenue," as makes it obiigatoiy, aftei i certain period,
upon officer? or asrents engaged m maki ig disbiiuements on
acconnt of the Unite 1 States, oi of tin, G< ncral Po<=t Omcej to
make all payments m gold and silvet cnmoulj
Mr KIN (J of Georgia offered the following ícsolution, which
lies over one (li>
Resolved i hat the surveys ofPeboy and Lapelo inlets, in
the State of Geoi^ia, with the report  on the sime made by
Lieut trlynn, United States Navy, be published tindet the di
rection ofthe Navy Pepaitment
Mr MERIVW TITER offeied the fallowing irsnintion
Revolved That the Secietary ofthe Tieasury be instructed
to import to this House'whether any bank oi ban! ^ have been
used as depositoue^ of the public money, pinco the passage
of 'An act to provide for the safekeeping tian=fer, and <hs
bin ement oí the public revenue ind if so, whit hank or
banks have been so employed Wheihei the one fourth part
oí duties, taxes, sale^ of public linds, <'eb s ind «urns of mo
nev acciuins or becoming due to the United States niter the
30th June, 18-10, which was provided f r by i iw to be paid
in the legal emrency ofthe United Su m his been co"ected
in such cunency W hethei ¡n my c  >os said requisi
tion his not been complied with an 1 i! so by whose
oi ler the Nw wis disobey* 1 Whul ei sik h one fourth part
of the public remn p his been p nd in bu ' hiJK oi chtd s
on specie piv nsbink= ind if so by wh i m rdtr the s imewds
received ind it what places «uch cliecl s wn leceiv <i What
expend limes hive bein íueiirred in cariyine: into effect the act
íefeiiedto by w u of satanes for nflit eis } luchases of sites,
an ! coristmction ofofh es Ml Recciveis Oeneul the election
of me f mof \ iif'tb and rife", and the jet t f i loon s foi offices
foi huch Receive* mil the U tal amount off xr endituresm ule
uitd( i the¿7ths ction of the-ict leiem xim 1 to Whether
the Iter ívcisGi neral hivi iven bond insecurity n teins
oí the law if n f who his nutted to 10 ^o, nil if «lulotm si< n
wis hy the sanction of tlu ]> paitmenr W hat county Insbeen
receive lote¡( i Ri eiver Ceiiera! hid whit wis the vil tie c f
the rtopeity (Í such stcmity An 1 that (Ik --ecu r irv torn
municate to this Hon1: the concspondence which m iy have
taken place between that Oepntmcnt and the Receivers Ge
n< ral, il any in irf lencc to the k unty they were i^ff nred fo
«ive and that he im thei stite whit leceipts oi evu'uices of
debt have been issued under the ¿olh section ofthe act hciem
refi ned to
As^oon iq the reading of this resolution wa^ completed the
SiPrAKPtt announced tint the horn nf 3 fked by the re olu
turn of list week as the daily hour of the adjomnment of
thi Ifouoe diuin" the prt-^eit weel hu xruved and that
the House stood adjoin ned until tomouow mornn g at 10
0 t lock
¡so the House adjoun ed
Mi sroiiTTr\ pnestnted d-irinc tn  hy flu petition of
(he commissioned anil start ofhceis t f the 11th dm nn of the
Ohio mihtn prayingConffiess to prcnle for rrsroi/infr aim
írtq m I disciph i us the m ma ->iid to nke propel mea mes
í i tli preset vition oí the j bbhe arm now in tht í an la oi the
tmbtia
Mr RTDGWA1 piesente^, onvitinday íhe piocee iing=¡ of
a meeting oí cttztns of the roithei i town hip of Tranklm
county, held at Worthington n he ^íitt i f Ohio lecommend
ins; the immediate rejieil oí the Snb Treasmy law, the estab
iishment of a Ninonal Bank, and a distrihution of the avails Of
the public lands a nong the seveial Mi es
Mi R also presented three petitions iiom inhibdants of Co
lumbus in the ^ ate of Ohio, prayinff lm thee tiblishment oi a
urnfoim^ystem of bankruptcy tliKughout the United S dies
UN SENATE
Tüfsdav, June 22, 3841.
The PRESIDENT pro fnn laid beA>r^ the Se-
naV p message from the Pre itVni of ¡he Ifniied
S 2ite% commumcat rig the cortear whence in re'i-
tmn to tho removal oí the remains of Ge er*l Har-
r?on to North Bet 6; w^ich was hid on (he iabJp,
and ordered to be printed
Also, a comrrmnuianon from the Sporetary of lhe
Treasury, in comr^ianre with the re«oluí!o¿ ofthe
17th instant, ask n* for copies of the ^irvey of the
Southern coast, fron Appslarh cola bay to the
mouth of the Mississippi ri\er, whi^h was 'aid on
the table, and ordf^ed to be printed
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented vanou-? resolu-
tions ofthe Legislature of Connect "nt, m favor of
the repea' of the independent Tre^ury; the esta-
biishment of a Nst-onal Bank; th« distr button of
the proceeds of the ^ales of the puhhc land^, in fa-
vor of discriminating duties; and in favor of such
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will restrict the eligibility of the President
to a single term; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN desired to ask a single question in
relation to that resolution which restricted the
eligibility to one term; whe'her it was intended to
embrace the case of an individual who, elecied by
the people, and to the Vice Presidency, had come
to the Presidency.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the resolution had
gone from his pus^sion; but if the Senator would
have the resolution read, he had no doubt his own
astuteness would enable him to give the proper coa-
siruction.
Mr. ALLEN had no intention to embarrasb the
gentleman.
Mr   ALLEN presented  the proceedings of  a
Democratic meeting of the cit.zens of Cincinnati,
.   remonstrating against tfee cs abhshment of a Na-
'   Uonal Bank, and expressing a determination, if a
charter should be parsed, to use every exertion for
its repeal     The proceedings were read.
Mr. ALLEN &aid he concuned in the general
views of the paper just read, and as a Senator,
i and in the hieher character of an American citi-
zen, he would use everv exertion tn ca^ry them in-
to effect. If no other Senator would cío so, he
would, on the day when the Senate was informed
that the President had signed the Bank bill, give
notice of his intention to bring in a bill for its re-
peal.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky would inform the
Senator from Ohio, that it he imagined he and
and the friends wiih whom he acted were o te
úiwen now their pulpóse by threats of civil w&r
and lebeliion, he was mis aken. They would
pursue the course prompied by their duty and the
wants of the country, fearlessly and steadily, re-
gaidless of consequences. He moved to lay the
motion to print on the table.
Mr. ALLEN appealed to the Senator from Ken-
tucky to wi hdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr- CL^VY    I shall not withdraw it, sir.
Mr. ALLEN said he would embiace another
opportunity when the Sena'or woaid not have the
ojporfunjty t® gaj? him with his motions.
Mi. CLAY.    Any time, anyplace.
The motion to print was laid upon (he table—
ayes 27, nops 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bate?, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay oi Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ke*, Man^um, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,
Pnelps, Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—27.
NAY?—Messrs Allen, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn, McRobert^,
Mou'on, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith oí
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Williams, Wood-
bury, and Youns—18.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented rremonaK from
citizens of New York and citizens of Plattsburg
for a general bankrupt law.
Mr PORTER presented a memorial of citizens
of New York m favor of a general bankrupt law.
The^e memorials were severally reierred to the
Comm'ttee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial from
citizens oí Peirl ligicn, remonstrating against the
removal of the custom house; which was referred
to the Committee on Commejce.
Mr. WOODBRIDQE presented the memorial of
cit /safe of Michigan praying the establishment of
a National Bank, which was laid on the table.
The resolution of Mr Clay of Kentucky
for changing the heur of meeting ot the Senate to
10 o'clock was taken up.
Mr. BUCHANAN proposed to modify it by sub-
stituting 11 o'clock; which wgs opposed by Mr.
Mangum, and negatwed.
Mr SEVÍER proposed to amend the resolution
by adding asimilar provis on to that adopted by the
House—to adjourn at 3 o'clock, which was ne-
gatived-
Mr Clay's resolution was then adopted.
Mr Buchanan's resolution calling upon the
President for the names of all persons in the em-
ployment of the   Government who had been re-
