8&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Parmenter,  Patndge,   Payn , Pickens,  Reding,
Riggs, RoVevelt, Sanford,  Shaw, Snyder, Steen-
rod, Sweney, Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Watier-
son, Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L. White, James
"W.  Williams, Joseph  L. Williams, and Wood
—79.
So the resolution was adopted.
The following resolution offered yesterday by
Mr. MftKiY came up m its order and was adopted
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to this House, with as. little delay as possible, a list of
the several appropriations which he states, m his report of the
2d of June instant, were unexpended and o u tstandmg cm the 4th
of March last, referring to the acts by which they were made
and designating those which will be required for the service of
the current year, and also tho&e which will be requned between
the 1st of June and the 3tst of August next
Resolved, further, That the Secretary report to this House
the amount of money drawn from the Treasury between the
4th of March and the 31st of May of the present year, both m
elusive, the amount accounted for by disbursing agents within
the same period, specifying particularly the amount accounted
for of the moneys drawn since the 4th of March and the amount
accounted for of what was drawn prior to that day, so as to ex
hibit, as near as possible, the amount of expenditures between
the days above mentioned, and showing al&o the amount m the
hands ofdisbursing igents, and unaccounted for on the 15th of
June instant
The following resolution offered yesterday by
Mr. Kins of Georgia came up in its order •
Resolved, That the surveys of Deboy and L-ipclo mlets m
the State of Ooorgia with the repone on the «ame, mide by
Lieut Glynn U S Navy, 1840, be published under the direction
of the Navy Department
Mr. GA"V E JOHNSON desired that the gentle-
man would give the House some information as to
the expenses which would be incurred. There
was no form suggested in which the work was to
be done, nor was the number of copies to be printed
specified A great deal of the public money had
already been uselessly thrown away on such sub-
jects; and he was now desirous of forming some
idea of the expenses with which the reports of the
surveys mentioned m the resolution would be at-
tended.
Mr. RING of Georgia made some explanation
in relation to the resolution, and as to the coast
survey.
Mr. SALTONSTALL said that he was glad
his friend from Georgia [Mr Kinc] had moved
the resolution. Ho (Mr S ; hoped it would pre-
vail. Coming from a commercial and maritime
part of the country, he thought it his duty to sup-
port it. He was surprised at the opposition mide
at the last session to the publication of a chart of
part of the coast of North Carolina, after the sur-
veys had been completed. Why should they not
be published' Fer what purpose were the surveys
and examinations made, at a great expense, it the
resultis not given to the public.in the form ofertarte
He considered the coast survey which vas going
on, and which had reached Vnginia, ¿s one of the
most important public works No money was
better expended than that wmeh was nece ssary for
the prosecution of this great undertaking, which
would be equally useful and luvorab'c to the
country. The beautiful charts of George's Shoah
and of Cape Cod, those dangerous places where so
many vessels had been wricked, and so many
lives lost, were eagerly sought by his constituents
who were engaged in navigation They expressed
great satisfaction that the Governraent was ensraged
in enterprises the object of which is to lessen the
dangers of navigation upon our extensive coast.
He would prefer the publication of a larger num-
ber than was proposed, and hoped there would be
no opposition to fue adoption of the resolution
Mr. PROFFIT raised the question of order, that,
under the rule adopted by the House, this debate
was not in order.
But the SPEAKER overruled the objection
Mr. BRIGGS thought that the House should
know the extent of the expense that was to be in-
curred. There was no matter m which more ex-
travagance and irregularity had been manifest
than in this very matter of the publication of maps
With a view that a proper inquiry might be made,
he would move the reference of the resolution to the
Committee on Commerce
The debate here took a wider range, growing out
of remarks made m relation to the triangular sys-
tem of coa« survey, adopted under the superintend-
ence of Mr. Hassler.
Mr. CÜSHING, m alluding to these remarks,
incurred what had been the result of that survey?
Huadreds of thousauds—he believed he might say
millions—of dollars, had been expended upon it. it
was under the charge of an officer who was almost
independent of the Government—almost indepen-
dent of Congress—who received the salary ot six
thousand dollars a year for superintending it at the
expense of one million. And what were the fruits
of that expenditure? How many years would it
take, and how much money, to survey tKe whole
coast, at the same rate of lime and rate of cost
which had been expended on the part already sur
veyed? He desired as much as any man that the
whole coast should be surveyed under men of sci-
ence, but he wished it should be conducted upon
such practical views, and so placed under the con-
trol of Congress, that there might be seme reason-
able prospe t mat the present generation might
have the results of it. Some such mode, he though',
should be adopted Mr C contended that the tri-
angular system of survey was inapplicable to the
southern coast of the United State .
Mr HOLMES of South Carolina, contioverted
this last position of Mr C. and contended that that
was the only mode of securing a perfeet survey.
And this objection, he said, came wi'h a bad grace
from a gentleman whose own section of country
had secured the very be t surveys that every were
made by 'his system of triangularon.
Mr CUSHING explained. All that he had
said was, that the triangular system, scientifically
speaking, was inapplicable to the Southern coun-
try, that it could be applied to the Eastern States,
but not to the Southern States, owing to the flat
lands, &c.
Mr. HOLMES had great resoect, he sa'd, for
the literary acquirements of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cu hino ] but was not pre-
pared, on a question of this Kind, to set up the
judgment of that gentleman ¿gainst that of such a
man as Mr. Hasher.
Mr EVERETT contended that as good results
had followed fmra the survey under the superinten-
dence of Mr. Hassler as had ever been accom-
pl shed under the same system of survey, in the
same space of time. The work was a good one,
and was intended to embrace the whole subject.
We were now dependent upon foreigners for
charts of our coast, we hM none authentic of our
own
Mr E. expressed his surprise at the opinion ex-
pressed by Mr. Cu hing, ?nd cortended that the
triangular «¡ystem couM be carried oat at the So t\
and ought to be so The"nation, lie thougnt, had
a deep interest m die continuance and and comple-
tion of i1 ' wort, ard express d preat confidence
in the abihtv of Mr Hassler to complete it.
Mr. WISE msde some remarks in favor of the
tnanaular system, in course of whi'h he said
that it was impossible for our naval and commer-
c al mat ne to te pioperfy íníorir'fv' about oui
coast with ut this --ystem In rpn'y lo remark- of
Mr. Cosmso, Mr. W. characterwd u e idea of
any member of this Ilou^e superintending or criti-
cizing the wo k of Mr Hitler rs ridiculous He
hoped th at a the very time when this work had
got to that poi t at which the survey w?s most
wanted, a war would not bs commenced against it,
at least, without due investigation and a report of
a committee
Mr PROFFIT rose to a question of order. It
was, that the debate, the motion to refer th" reso-
lution to the Committee on Commerce, with m-
stiuctions to report upon the expediency, and, m
st>ort, the whole subject, were out of order. Mr.
P. read the rule adopted this session, wa eh snys
that, "upon the pieseMatton of petitions or other
napers, on subjects ro' specially referred to the
consideration of toe H-ais? in the Message of the
President, objection shall be considered as made,"
<fcc Again, in continuation of the rule, "Ihe ac-
tion of all committees, as above stated, «hill be
suspended during the present session. This sus-
pension not to apply to the Committees of Ways
and Means, Accounts, and Mileage, or the subject
of a bankrupt Jaw." The motion now b=fore the
House was to refer the matter to ihe Committee on
Commerce, to inquire into the expediency, &c. and
on this a long debate had arisen, m violation of
all order, and m direct violation of the rule quoted.
Mr. P. said he would state a case Suppose he
should to-day introduce a resolution ordering the
Committee on Roads and Canals, or Ways and
Means, no inquire into the expediency of making
expenditures on the Cumberland road, the Ohio
river, the Red river raft, to-morrow the question
would come up, and, being entitled to the floor, he
could occupy hours, and, by the aid of bis valued
colleagues, portray for days the necessity of action,
or the injus'ice which had been done to the section
of country they represented. What would become
of the legitimate business upon which we were
called together? What response will be given to
the people, whose earnest cry is " Action—prompt,
efficient action V Mr. P. said he could not con-
ceive how the Chair, or any gentleman, could con-
ceive the subject to be m order.
Toe SPEAKER again overruled the point of
order, and dendi d that the debate was in order, &c.
Mr PROFFIT said he would not appeal from
the decision. He had discharge! his duty, and
should, in defence of the rights of his constituents,
avail himself of the benefits of the decision of the
Speaker
Mr. WARD of New York said he was gratified
that this subject had been incidentally brought be-
fore the House, for it was one that merited consi-
deration; and if the discussion should have no
other effect, it would awaken pubbc attention, and
direct it to it
In the year 1832, he presented this subject to
the consideration of Congress, with some explana-
tory remarks, the purpoit of which went to show
the length of time which had already oeen con-
sumed in the survey, without producing any favo-
rable results, and also to show the importance to
our marine and commercial interests, of taking im-
mediate steps to survey the harbors and inlets on
our extensive coast, which could be done by adopt-
ing the chronomatic mode.
Mr. W. did great justice to Mr. Hassler. He
stated that he was a man of science, and exceed-
ingly well qualified for the station he occupied, but
that it would take a century to complete the survey
of the Atlantic coast, by the system of tnangula-
tion as performed by him. During this time the
commerce of our country would be subject to great
hazard and inconvenience, and great losses in life
and property would occur.
The surveys of Cape Cod, St. George's Banks,
Mary river, from Tybee bar lo Hunting Island
by Captain Wilkes of the navy, that oí the
harbor of New York, which resulted m trie disco-
• very of the new channel, by Captain Gedney of
the navy, of which so much has been ^aid, and the
survey of Deboy and Lopelo Inlets m Georgia, by
Lieutenant Q ynn, and am rg others, were made
under the direcho.i rf the Na/y Dcpa-tment, en-
tirely independent of the coast surveys unáer Mr.
Hassler. It is proper, however, to remark that
these survej s might be used in filling up the large
trnngles wh.ch consutute the trigonometrical
survey under Mr Hassler, and it may be the in-
tention of the Government so to use them.
The gentlemafi from Virginia, [Mr.Wiss] stated
that the Bn'i-h Government bad more aecura'e sur-
veysofonown coast than we had. Such, said Mr W.
may be tue case, but those surveys were not made
up n Mr. Hass'erN plan. They were made dur-
ing the war of 1812, by scientific officers of their
navy, by the chronomatic mode, when they could
not retain a foothold in any part ot our territory,
sufficiently long to enable them to pre¡ are a base
line. Ou1- officeis have made similar ones, and
the one now proposed to be published is of that
cnaracter.
But we have wandered from the point under
consideration, said Mr. W. He had no objection
to the publication of L'eut. Glynn's survey, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr King ]
He thought, however, wi'h (he gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. C Joh i.scw,J that we should have
regard to economy, in the publication of these
maps. If they were to be executed under the di-
rection of the Navy Department, they will be done
on copper, snd at much greater expense than if
published under the direction of the Clerk of the
House. He hoped the gentleman [Mr. King]
would so modify ms resolution as to substitute "the
