90
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taken, and the resolution of Mr. Campbell was
laid on the table.
Mr. POPE now moved te reconsider the act of
the House yesterday, by which it had referred the
bill for the repeal oí the Sab-Treasury to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with a view to having
it referred to the Select Committee on the Cur-
rency.
Mr. PROFFIT said that on yesterday hf op-
posed the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means. He was precluded from
giving his views by the previous question, but inti-
mated his objection by a call for the yeas and
nays, thinking that his political friends would cer-
tainly understand the hint his motion conveyed,
that a misdirection was about to bo given to aa
important public measure. He was glad that his
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Pope] had moved a
reconsideration of the reference; and he believed
that the House now perceived the error they had
committed in sending that bill to a committee of
such doubtful political texture as the Ways and
Means—doubtful at all events upon this one sub-
ject.
Mr. P. said he hoped the vote would be reconsid-
ered, and thattne bill might be referred to the Select
Committee on the Currency. He hoped no one
would think of putting it into Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. S0LLER3 gave his reasons why he should
vote for the reconsideration of the vote of yester-
day; and m doing so, would appeal to the ma-
jority oí the House to refer the subject to that
committee whit h was likely to report most speedi-
ly upon it.
Mr. ADAMS said that when this subject had
been up yesterday, and different gentlemen had
proposed, some to send the bill to the Self ct Com-
mittee on the Currency, and others to reter it to the
Committee of Ways and Mea  s, he had stated
that, in his opinion, the bill might very appropri-
ately be sent to either oí these committees; but
that, for h s own part, and with a view to save
himself trouble, hf had preferred that it should so
the Committee of Ways and Means Since then
he had changed his opinion He no -v knew a lit-
tle more about the composi ion of the Coniruittee
of Ways and Means, and the motion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Campbell] this
morning, had enlightened him still mme on that
subject. When the bill was before the House, as
it came from the Senate, it had presented, ,o far
as the repeal of the Sub Treasury went, a very
simple question- the bill contained a full, unequi-
vocal repeal of that law But ihe^c wis a second
section, in regard to which Mr. A had 1 apf ened
to differ /torn the gentleman from M^ire, [Vr
Fessenden] as to the p'opnety of lTmedidt'ly
actiug upon it, and he still thought that i'iat sec-
tion of the bdl should be maturely cumide-e I and
reponed on by some commiltee. But he did not
dtstre that that committee should be ¡heCommUtte
of Ways and Means, because, from the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Cirolma [Vii.
Campbmi] this 'Jiornmg, it appeared ¡hat, in that
comrnui°f, it was a question whether the Sub
Treasury law ought to oe reptaled at all, a> d die
discussion ot that questun was likely to ctrry the
Hou?e to the monih oí August, btfore it { blamed
any reprrt from ¡he commitlee.
Mr. A. then referred at some length lo the cr-
cumstances under which the S"b-TreaMiry b II
had pastel, and what was sinl or trie c-cas on
He intimated that it wa- p.ematurcly th ust upon
the House, and crammed do us the irioa's ot ¡he
then Oppo^itior.
AfUr some inrthtr remarks, in which he com-
plimented Ihc Oppoution for the good t mper ¡hey
had observed since their defeat M>\ A said,
if I know any thing of the s frns of the times,
a majority of the Ctmroittee of Ways and
Means have made up their mnds not to re-
port to this House t^e entire repeal of ih^
Sub-Treasury law, they want 'o modify it, ¡hey
cannot give it up entirely, ¡hey must íetün si ip
small fragment, a «male plank of the oid vessel,
as the shiubuildersdo when they break up a seventv-
four and wish the new vessel to retan the same
name which rendered the old one illustrious    The
committee want to retain a single plank, that on
thi<i they may, peradventure, hereafer rebuild the
whole From the remarks of the gentleman from
South Carolina, he seems to think that bis col-
league is a hule scrupulous about the specie clause,
and as he considers him very conscientious in the
matter, he ir willing to accommodate him. Now
lam as willing as the gentleman can be to do any
thing m reason, but I really hope he wul not ask
us to remain here until Christmas deliberating
whether we will repeal the Sub-Tteasury law or
not.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had very little to say
on the present subject. He had yesterday made
the motion on which this bill had been rei< rred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and, as he
had remarked at the time, he had done so by order
of the committee, but was himself indifferent as to
what course it should take. It mieht be, perhaps,
no more than proper to state that the committee
had not been full at the time the order was given.
Although he had felt bound to obey the direction
of,the committee, he was himself entirely willing
thst the vote of reference be reeotisuercd. The
committee had more business to attend to than any
other belonging to the House. Any gentleman
who would look at ¡he second section of the Senate
bill must at once perceive that it required sentus
deliberation. He believed that, amona the majori-
ty in that House, there existed no diffe-ence of opi-
nion as to the propriety of repealing th Sub-Trea-
sury law. The hrst section of the Sena'e bill
would, hr presumed, receive the approbation of
every gentleman on that side of ¡he House, b.it it
might not be quite so clear what it was proper to
do in reference to the second section; here there
might very veil e.xist a diffeience of opm on, and
in reicrence to a measure of such veighty impor-
tance there ought no doubt or urcenamty to pie-
vail in the country as to the me<imnc of the Legis-
lature—all ambiguity ought to be removed
There had been an illusion bv bis honorable
friend from Massachw et¡s [Mr. Adams] in refer-
ence to the views of the membrrs < f ih icnrri'-
t*e;and on that point Mr. F. wished to saya word.
The gentlemen hid assumed that a majority of the
committee weie disposed not to repeal, t ut lo iiodi-
fy the law, so as to leave a po t on of it still in
force. What means of knovled;*e that gentleman
nvght posstss, Mr. F. did not prclend to 1m w.
There m ght be suc'i a determinant n 11 d sire in
the mind-> of mem ers of the committee, but Mr.
F. knew of no sjch thi 'g. Tne committee a id, as
yet, had but liííle m'ereourse, ail thcieloii he
might hive the Ic-  means ol knowing, bul it «as
rot on lh.it ground li at he was now w 11.rig to re-
consickr
Tin  Commutee on the Currency had been
ol «rged wnli prepimg a 'ubst 'u o Intake ¡he
p ace of !,.(> Sub-Treasuiy af er t sh' 'Id have Ven
repealed ¡I oremed, ihce'ore p cu'iar'y ipprt-
pnate th.it ¡ho b 1 shod 1 t > s'ri  lo th m. ¡l was
theirs to piotrid  a<-jm^t ¡hp le ip tarv it conveni-
ence lhat might occur duimg the hiatus that n.ioht
es.i t hetwim the repeal of th,: presml fis,.¡?l ^cw
and the enacting of a Substitute It «;~s j m f i h m
¡o say v, hat should he i one on this u*\it -i Ti "\.
seemed to hta to be s ¡me d ubt \ 1 et ,t; to er-
a-ting of the second rhnse of ti S n te s bill
woud n"t re vivo the State ba ik law er lti3C>
This was a'e'ious question, for hchfn ved tint
the Si^tc bnik sy tem was almost as universally
coni'i mil' d by lt>e people &o tne Jab-Tieast ry. In
Kga d t>t -, Mi F. would exprocs no opi.uon,
fir her th ,n to ^a tnai, if n b°c„n>c i dispen able
,n order to in up Ihe spice bs-tv pen tn % repeal-
ing of one sys e n and tl p adontiDg of a> o'i er, he
slu u'd assent to it oily from die neces ry oi the
ca e.
Mr J CAMODE L observed that the gentle-
man lrom Massachu'etis h.td alluded to the mo-
tion'he had had the honor to nidke as be ng cennoctpd
with suppo ed opinions of the Comm.ttee of Ways
and Means. Me C. di-eme" it due to b'tnseif ¡o
state that he had offered he re olution without
having h d consultation m regard ti it with a sjng'e
human being He had had n  opportunity to know
whit the opinions of the commiltee might be, all
that he bad wished was, that the question for their
deliberation might be made, as broad as possible,
since the v hole subject had been thrown open by
the terms of the President's message.
Mr. C went on to observe that gentlamen might
be mistaken as to the condemnation of the Sub-
Tieasury by public opinion. There were many
who condemned tne Sub-Treasury law, as ;t now
stood, who were nevrtiheless in favor of separat-
ing the costodj of the public money from all bank-
ing operations and commercial purposes. Many
opposed it on account ot the specie clause, as go-
■ng to increase taxpt'on without an adequate com-
pensation, and as ope<aitng to dimmish the prices
of labor. Mr. C. was willing to admit that, as the
law now stood on the statute book, it was con-
demned. He wss sorry that there should have
been a change in ths opinions of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] s nee 1838
Mr, C had tben had the honor of introducing a
measure contam.ng the principles of Ihe Sub-
Treasury, and it had besu carried, lfhe mistook
not, by the vote of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. On that point he should like to have the
journal referred to.
Mr WISE was understood to observe that it was
not considered as in order to give on the floor of
the Houce the details of what had passed in any
one ot the standing committees. Conversations
there wcie unders'ood as belonging to the commi -
lee alone, and not to go out oí doors. A gentle-
man had this morning told ihe the House that he
had discovered something ominous in the motion
to refer the bill r  pealing the Sub-Treasury law to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and that there
was some under cuirent operating in the House
which had led to the adopt,on of that motion.
While another gentleman had supposed that m
that motion there was more than met the ear, be-
cause the gentleman from New York [Mr Fill-
more] had announced it in a faint voice, and had
observed that he was instructed to move it. Other
gentlemen nrgbt poss'b'y differ from him as to
what it mepnt to be instructed.
Other gentlemen seemed to be alive to the same
suspicion, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
said that he was now bet er mioimpd as to the
composition of the committee. On this vague,
ou'-jf-door rumor about an under cur.ent, and
about the views ot certain mpmbers of the com-
mittee, concerning which no gentleman had avow-
ed any distinct knowledge, the Hou^e was now
called upon to retract its steps—to undo its
own action. And why—wh)1 Something had
been dire vered. The gentleman from Ma'ssa-
ohus us yvas one Columbus who had made tne
discoveiv of tho u'ik-n\wi 1 nd, and it seemed
fhe'pwue "ev^-al others Now Mr. W thought
that h too could dissever "iniething, he thought
11. ha 1 discovered, trom what had falten from the
I chai rriRn oí the Committee of Ways ana Means
[Vlr. Fiilmore] that tlerowasa disposition in
ceita'ii quarters very easily to acquiesce in tbi^
me tu n fir reconsider ng Po siMy a majority of
the Com 11 t e of Wa^s and Means might be in
favor of delsyiri?; a repo,t on 'he bill to repeal the
Sub-Ti isury Ipw until the; shemd see what was
'o be the substitute for it They might be unwil-
ling to íun for an unknown shore, surrounded
with sho^K and breakers, without fiist knowing the
chrtnncl by wuich they were to steer No>« u was
proposed to chargp the referenc, and Mr W.
upposed tb-t th s motion hjd b en brought for-
ward on a calculaiit n t' at Ihe Select Committee
on the Cnnenry would b" more bastv, r^h, and
rcck'ess than tV Cemmit "e of W ^s and Means
in reportir? biJr f«e ml. to ihe House; 'hat the
s-rne reckletsnesa vas to be <-b erved in destroying
'he Pib-Treasury w.-"ch h~d been nnn fested in
establishing it. I'seemed tole expected that the
com mi tee would heie-dy (o ru-u forward blind-
fold, not knowing whi leer their course was tending.
Mr. W. could not vote tor the reconsideration
on such a giound as ilus He could not consent t®
show so mjcb disrespect to the select committee.
The chairman of th„t committee [Mr. Sergeant]
wasnotnov here, he was necessarily absent from
the city, but Me. W. would undeitake to say on
his behalf that he would consent to de nothing
rashly.   Mr. W. was ready to go as far as any
