CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
01
gentleman in the repeal of the Sub-Treasury law.
He always had opposed and condemned it, but if
gentlemen wished to make the repeal of that law
the first work of the Administration, why not ap-
proach their object directly? Mr. W. woula make
them this proposition. The most rancorous Suo-
Treasury man m this country would admit that the
law had been condemned by the people. Why not
then at once refer the bill for its repeal to a Com-
mittee of the Who'e on the siate ot the Union?
That was gentlemen's course. What was his own?
He was in favor of the repeal of the law, but be-
fore he repea'ed all the provisions it contained, he
must see exactly what was to corae in the'r place.
The first war he had ever commenced n that
House was a war on Reuben M. Whitney a"d the
State bank system; a system wh ch be considered
worse than any Sub-Treasury, or than a Bank of
the TJn'ted States; a system which the President
himself declared in his messpge had been ju«t as
decidedly condemned as the Sub-Treasury. Even
though Congress should repeal the Sub-Treasury,
he should go against reviving the Stste bank'.
If the Committee of Wajs and Mean' were un-
willing to shut their eyes and rush bhndly onward,
did gentlemen supposs that the Committee on the
Currency would be any less prudent He trusted
not. Let us hear no more about putting the Sub-
Treasary to death; it was dead already—dead—
dead. And why were gentlemen so eager to run
their swords into this dead Hotspm? H  would
not consent to pass the bill for ns repeal Ml he
knew what sort oí a substitute was to be prov ded
for it.
Mr. TILLINGHAST referred to the reasons he
had stated yesterday why the bill shou Irt go to the
Select Committee and not to th<* Commitie; of
Ways and Means. In looking a  the cons'itat on
of the Commutes 01 Way and M^am '.i° had f< It
the probability that qnes"-n, might pr «-e in that
committee which would duay their fction on ihe
bill; but, besides tpis, there wa- cnoaji in th 
very nature of th   vb;ect to indicate that it ought
to go to the Select Corrmittee. The House had
raised that committee kr the express purpoce of
reporting a system which implied the rernovil of
thai now in operatic n. If the bill was nc i ^ent to
that committee they woald be compelled, in tris
discharge of their duty, to be consulting villi ihe
committee which h <d charge of the bdl Tae ac-
tion of the House would be delated by thrs refer-
ring different parts of one geneial sabjec to two
different committees who mu t consult each other
The Select Comnittee had nothing before them but
this general su jeet, while tbe Committee oí Ways
and Means had already a large amount of busint's
on their han^s—this must ncc-sstrily engross their
minds, and leave romp¿)?'i,r°ly but a small por-
tion of their tim  an 1 atte ti  . for the Sub-Trea-
sury bill The Select Ccvn'<ee would nM act
more rashly than thm Oimmi <ee of Wiv« and
Means, fh y.\vere msio' experience and p"i 1 nee,
and wou'd exercise cool deliberation on a 1 sjbpe s
submitted to them, they wo-t'd take tie ruce sir,
time to cons der the su'jert, rrd wouid report to
the House >he matured resets of nut coll c 'e
wisdom. Tais course won d b sf conform t> the
wishes of the peop^; I " voice ci th- natior <•  eJ
for action, ?c'ion— a ly aci n. M- T. w ior
fulfilling the just exiec'atirn of t e peop e hs
was a duty at all tint', bat pre- ni"eml> «u<f at
this time
Mr. CHARLES BROWN obsei ved Mat fron
what had transo red among the mij >rity. it ap
peared thai ttiereteiencc oi the bill to- the r p°«l
of th® Sub-Treasury to the Coram ttse of Ways
and Means, had been a poju cal blunder He
wished thu to he unders'ood by the rjeopect the
United States, tnat what had b^cn done by the ma-
jority yesterday, or at least a part of them, must
be undone to day because it w?s a political blin-
der But, said he, I warn gent piupd tl at wtule
they are correcting one political blunder 'n°/ do
not commit anou er. I believe vou are n danger
of falling into s. sen's of blunders
Mr B. said he th iug t the gentlemen ñom Vir-
ginia [Mr. Wist] was right 11 the view he h<id
taken. If the Sub-Treasuiy was repealed beiore
any substitute was provided, why delay for a mo-
ment2 Why not at once call the previous question,
and clear away the ground for a new fiscal agent]
Whenever they sbouM do that, however, the de-
posite system would be eniorced, although the
banks v. ere in such a position tnat the Secretary
of the Treasury could rot logslly employ them as
depositaties This, «aid he, is the way to correct
blunders. Repeal the Sub-Treasury, revive the
deponte act, and then tell the people that the banks
cannot receive tne money' Let gentlemen go on;
but I tell them it this is the way they choose to per-
petuate their power, they are welcome to all the
glory of spearing this dead Hotspur. I believe,
howevei that the reference so happily made by
the gentleman from ~W"ima, will hold goo'i in
another tespect, for these valorous, h '-beadel
Falitaffs app^rtT be ieally afraid of th° dead bo-
dy as it lies on tbe ground, and gallantly run off
for_tb=ir -oears.
But, continued he, I positively deny that fheSub
Treasury sj stem has ever been condemned bj the
people of tne United States. I deny that Pcnn'-vl-
vania has ever expressed its approbahon of a Na-
t'onal Bank, and I challenge any member from diat
Stite to show to the ci-ntrary It is true that f-e
Legislature gave instructions m fjvorof ihe repeal
of the Sub-Treasury, and a distribution of the pub
lie land<, but there have been no legislative instruc-
tions i" lave- of the creation of a National ihnk
Th  experience of the Stale is against it They
found tbe last ¡"SVution fa 1 oí corrup ion and
fraud, and th"y are unwilling to trust such anjiher.
The issue made b<"ore tbe peep e w?s th s, that
tie Ex eative had too mu<"hpower through the es-
tablishment of ,hf Sub Treasury Sepaiate the
Sub-Tretsury fiooi this influence and tb«re wi'l
be no danger.
But, sa d Mr. B. with gr at rn maurm m as u tbe
Sub'Ireasiry alone that w<;s srgued before the
people at th' hte e'er ico? Wen 'her" no other
suoj^cts broush' before them? H>d the ds  of
Lieutenant Hooe no share in prod acmg the result
Had the speech of my lafe colietf;ue ['VCr Oglf]
about the "pa,ace," tbe 'gorgeous emtainc," 'he
"frld spoons," the"Engh b c?rTgy and Ihe ' b.g
looking g as ," nothing to do wi'h ta  riattei?
No*, I ask, since this Administration came m o
power, where is tbe b'U that ha been bicgh' m 'o
prohibit the evidence of nei i oes? ('O oer' ord=r'")
Where, Í ask, is the bi 1 that has b en broushi
id to stiip the Wh te House, and con rat it into a
log cabm'    ('Order! order' order'")
Mr. BROWN, at tin  portion of his speech, was
assai'ed from all par s by calis to order, on the
ground of ine'evarcy H> n-ofs'ed sgun twi
conduct, and remiid'd tno^e who ro kudlj ca'led
him to order, thru th- r oil n fnends m -ht talk all
round the cumpas? withcat interruption
Af er some conversation on the point of   order,
Mr BROWN proceeded, and «aid that at tbe
election, another subject mooted was ti,*- tar'ff
Toiit had be°n, and ti'l was, a g'tai ou s i >n w
p "nsyl/ama Tbe ppopl  h?d b °" t Id.'sPtdp
lafp Admi r.iiia'i d s(1cr i"e ' tie ín'c-i s of
" dusuy, it t' ,  bf su -■ s r v? old 's'rL >sh
a protec'i'e l?rfi Ta ' h-r h en <'i "> t the
' Not them mía wi'h '"on b "i p i p ," 'nd his
n ty vero para!j7i"s¡th'  eff > «■ ¡ i nes i lu fv,
but that these th n.- "nnn pi' op rtrofd.pl v.ben
the new Adm nistra*K'i gof i"'o po? er.
I hive, ail Ml B seei t e nui>inroi's b-nners
carried abo it P° >ns\l'aril  t Ae ate  'ec ni, on
which was mciibed "\ Pim-n ve T?n4',' ' In-
dustry P eced,'?nd Ih'tT v m my pis es-
s on a banner, on." h -r> is reprp rn e . an o i ti-
dier entei ng a 'og c?hin, i^i'h th^ sort's ' Prote-
tive Industs}" over t'-p dooi Tnes' were l * -■
presentations mads to *he peop'e oí m« &  te be
ro'e tie election, ?nd hey w re assured that the
ptere-ts of i idjsfv would op ¡roifrt Í st si on as
in' reformers c?nc m'o po >er Y"t " b" i a col-
l°a"neif une [Vfr ^ornam^1-] i^uo irdarrai-
lution on the svrbjpct 'he ihei d- . a k ->z wh^t
had been promised, how was it li i> >e o11 DA
the reforméis rem ,-riber tbpir d r'-.a pn' ^-c, for
the resoluti-n was Imd on the I H', .it d Penns^'va-
nia had bfff 'eftm a minon'v < t six > '
The people of my State % tre also toh! about thp
"blood hounds" m  Florida, and their  sympathies
had been wrought upon by the "shocking details,"
to a great extent. They had been told what a mer-
ciless and savage thing it was to let the blood
hounds loose among tbe Indians; and yet the very
individual who acknowledged that he ordered
those dogs from Cuba, has since been elevate'd to be
Governor over the very region where the dogs were
employed'
Mr. B. concluded by again denjmg that the peo-
ple of his State had condemned the Sub-Treasury,
or sanctioned a National Bank He called upon
the majority to give the country a protective tariff.
It separated the Treasury from Executive influ-
ence.
Mr. ALFORD of Georgia wished to offer a few
renuiks in justification of the vote he had given
yesterday. He believed at the lime that he
i i w?s voting to send the bill to the committee which
had lee.mmatA jurisdiction over the subject. He
still thought so. If the Sab-Treasury was to be
repealed, he thought the Commutes of Ways and
Means the proper committee to do it. He himself
was in favor ol the repeal. He thought the select
committee would have quite enough to do to re-
store to the country a sound currency. All the
Committee of Ways and Means would have to do
would b  to report the bill a majority of that com-
mittee were m favor of the repeal. The gentleman
from Massachusetts and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had talked to 'he House of their discove-
j nes, he believed there was one thing they would
I find it h?d enough to discover, and that was, to
! give a sound and uniform currency to a country
that had none at all, or woise than none. He
i hoped the House would act promptly on the re-
peal- and that, ,n the meanwhile, the Committee
on the Canency would have a sjba'itute ready
provided to meet 'he wai/s of the country. If the
I plan they should report was one Mr. A.
coaid approve, he was ready to vote for it;
if not, not. He bad not come here to watch
under-eonents, but to do his duty openly and
fearlesslj. A gentleman had wanted something
done to avoid Executive dictation; and it was
very true that the war last sumiier had been
wagtd against Executive influence an J Executive
d elation But, thank God, Executive power in this
Government was now efftc ually pat down. The
dinger was still irom power, but not in the Exe-
cutive. The course ot power was that of a rush-
ihg cannui-bidi—as soon as it was turned by some
insurmountable obstacle out of one direction, it
g'anced cfi lrnoi-diately in anothei, but it was still
form dab e Po "er was now leaving the Execu-
tive for the Legislauve branch of the Government;
an 1 it was heie even wor^e. He heid it unwise
to^o'low tr>e dictation of any man to*he injury of
the people, buf there was no danger so long as the
preoent Executive continued in office. He appealed
to ^en'iemen ot all p3rt.es to say wheiher thrfe
was anj fault tin -h uld be found n the President's
me <nge, savcih,s, mat l absta n d from positively
reoo nmeii lis to Cong ess any course for them to
piu ue. The Pr^idpn' -taud taci' and reasons,
and >hen Jeft ConT ss to choose its own course.
No, executive d s atioi was rvettnrown—it was
dead, and gone—dead an! buned The voice of
th~ pfople irom their kg cabins, ay, and from the
ia> r< ti cross nnsand stumps, from the mountains
and from the vat'ej-, hud put it down once and
ior vr. Wow i?t us ei'ard against other dictation
no- 1" s dsn^t ous 'Vir A was m favor of dt-
vi ling th  biwi.ess ot >h' House among hi various
com > uee , and !u each report on its own share
Mr WATTRRSON said he had heard it iterat-
ed , „d re tera'-d so often upon that floor, ¡bat the
re>pl had decided asa nst the Su^-Treasury, m
elevating to the Presidential chair Wilharr^Henry
Har iso-r, that he felt it his duty to say' a few
5, .(•« in -eply. Were there «pi many other ques
tit ns cotmec d w.th the la'e eontes ? He would
v" ,tai-c to assert that where tbe Sub-TreisUry was
mentioned once, the "goigeous ¿plendu" of the
White House was mentioned a thousand times.
Do not gentlemen iccollec' that the whole face of
the nation, as it were, was filled with humbugs'!
Bat the greatest and most effectual humbag
oi   all   was   the   impression which   tke   Whig
