CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his vote. He (Mr. P ) viewed it as a direct cen- I
sure upon the committee, but he (Mr. P.) took no
part of that censure to himself, as he knew of no
under current with him or his political friends
upon that committee, for they had been open, bola,
and fearless m their course. Taey desired to meet
the questions and principles involved, and were
ever ready to discuss them with gentlemen at any
time they might think proper to come forward.
They challenged debate, and were ready to go to
any committee the House might direct; but they
demanded a hearing in Committee of the Whole.
It was due, he thought, to the oiher gentlemen
who had been alluded to m ilus debate, to come
forwa.d and defend themselves He ihour/ht the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adíms]
would not also come forward and say tl at he hsd
discovered reasons which had induced him to
change his vote. He bef/ged to recall to ihe
recollection of that gentleman ihe history of
this meaoure He [Mr. Ad/ms] would recol
lect that it was pre-sed in 1835, and he [Mr.
Pickens] did not know what ihe object of
the gemLman from Ma^?c!wU-> was úVn,
when he recorded his vote m favor of the
measure and of its principles. Bot he \ ou'd say
that in the gentleman's [Mr. A'--] preying th's
measuie m the peiemptory manner m vinca he
had done, he (Mr P.) was somewhat surprised,
because he liought he was fo'lowng; the example
an! principles la'd down by 'he geatleman in his
lettenn 1837—a letter, too which ueiitfur'her, per-
haps, than he (Mr. P.) had done m denouncing any
connection of the ostiums sysiem with the Govtrn-
ment of ibis country. But it seemed he was mis-
taken, and that the gentleman from Massachusetts
was following a course the reverse of that pursued
by him in 1835. He did no* know but he might
perhap?have misunderstood t"e gentleman's prin-
ciple'. But it was a great mistake 1i suppce t iat
the Sub-Treasury scheme was pas rd premature-
ly, and without the fullest ana fattest dc ibeiation.
He utterly denied, too, the assert on that it had
been condemned by a majority of ihe people, and
that the result of the late Presidential con'eu turn
ed upon that i*sue. Mr. P. conr'uded by reiterat-
ing his hope that those who coi.s dered themselves
censured on this occasion would n e and give th ir
senümt nts in defence of their pj i ion in regard to
this question.
Mr SOLLERS said- Mr. Spaker, the gentle-
man cal's upon me to g've so ne leasors whv I
thought the^e was an under current m thi-. matter.
I desire the gentleman from Souih Carolina, rnd
every body eise, to distinctly um'.eis and that I do
not acknowledge his authority to call upon itig to
give my reasons for the expression of my opinions
here tr elsewhere. I shall exerci-e die privilege of
uttering my opinions whenever I feel ca led upon
to do so, witnoui acknowledging the r.gnt of fiat
gentleman to question either my motives or the
reasons whn,h ii.flae; cedine in givm¿ ut'erance to
those opinions
I will tell Ihe gentleman, r-owt-ve"', tho'iah not
upon compulsion, why i •■nd ' I tnousH I saw an
under-cuiient m this business," bleats , as I said
beiore, the composition or the n a e i ,s ot thecom-
mittee was su"h th.ii, m my . piiioo, there woull
be at hast delay in it  action u-on tm-> subject
And I, fur one, desrenu diUy. I have n ■■vmp^-
thy for the fau, ot the Sul-Tietsurj. And ihtugi
the gentleman from Virginia ihinks it vti?gaaa
ungenerous to pi rce the d^ad hodj, I t";r leave tj
differ from him, and ea/ mat it has been only
doomed to death by the people, an 1 I, fm- one, a-n
willing to sign the warrant for us mstmt execution.
Mr. CUSHING said that he voted >esterday
foe the reference of this ubject to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and he had voted to-day for
a reconsideration of the reference made yesterday.
And the vote he would give now shou'd be based
on the same reasons as had actuated him before—
and that was «imply a question of business, and he
knew not and cared not about the uc ler-cunent«;
and least oi all would he, at ibis stage of the bill,
go into the merits of U, &nd ask wba* the people o
the United States had decided in reference to it by
their votes. To do that would be to introduce a
debate which would be interminable.   He desired
action ¡n some speedy form, and he thought that I
was attained by adopting the course which he had j
advocated. He thought the proper coniin tc- to
which the sabject should be referred wao the Com-
mittee on the Currency. And he thougat so for
two reasons. In the firot p ace, ihe resolution ap-
pointing that committee pre cribes its powers and
its functions, and they precisely cover this ques-
tion; and they had to consider not only the sub-
ject of the currency, but that of the establish-
ment of a proper fiscal agent. What was
the Sub-Treasary1* It was at present the fi cal
asent Nov, th s bill proposed to abolish it, and
to supply another; and a Committee on the Cur-
rency had been wised t> effect that objec'—to pro-
vide a new agent m the place of thf present one;
and the two tilings, m hr  mind, were inseparably
connected, the one with tho other. The ci nsidera-
lion ot the one involved a question as to the other;
and therefore he thought thpy should go to the
same committee. Bat it bad been said the ques-
tion of the lepeal of the Sub-Treasury belonged to
the Committee of Ways and Means. He, how-
ever, denied that it came wiibin any part of the
eonstmtif.oa of the autbontj  of that committee.
[Here Mi. C. went ¡nto a statement ot what he
conceived to Le the subjects properly coming
within the co "iteration and control of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as contradistinguished
from tho-e wh ch it would be right and consistent
to rtfer to a committee on the subject ot the cur-
rency.] He (Mr. C ) «as herefoie opposed to
any reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. PICKENS wished to learn from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Gushing] whether
it was not the intention of the party wi'hwhicn the
gentleman actfd to move the previous question
v.\ en the report should be brought in, and thereby
cut off all debate.
. Mr. GUSHING continued. It was difficult for
him to --ay what the House would do with the re-
port. For his o n part, he had no wish to oppose
any legitímale debate, and particularly by calling
the pieviousquestion—a practice which he had al-
ways much deprecated He was for allowing every
fair and reasonable opporium'y for debate at the
proper time He hoped, notwithstanding the kind
ness of the gentleman from Sou h Car Una in
making the ¡iropo-Uion that the sudj ci should go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Un.on, that it would be referred to the Committee
on ihe Currency.
Mr. MAbON of Ohio rose and inquired of the
Speaker wrist would be the effect of the previous
question?
The SPEAKER said it woe'd be to cut off all
the mouons for reference, and would bring the
House diree'lv" to a vote upon the liil
Mr. MASON ot Ohiosaid thathe would not move
tha previous question. He remarked that he wa?
n favoi ot re erring the subject to ¡he mostappri-
pr ate committee; and he thought thai k it was re-
ferred to 'tie Ciranit'ee of the W.io.e on the sute
oí 'he Tin t r>, it woMd lead to u terminarte discis-
sion It wis h.s Debet, th¿n, th t the subject
snould be referred to U o Corr>mt< p« on the Cur-
ren y.
Mr. J. G rLOYO mc vd t'.pt th- bi 1' e ref-, -
red back to t .e Conipjtce o' Wiys ^rd Means. It
was yesteid ,, on me >noin.n o 'u* colleague, the
chiirman ot the Commutes of Ways aid Means,
refer.et to thit crm < it ft. To-l*y, for some po-
litical rea«Oii, as it wjuld seem, u i^ to Le taken
from to.ti coi imiit <• and sent to the select commit-
ie^ upon t e currency. Theg"nt!eru*.i 'rom Indi-
ana [vtr. PaoFFir] says they made a blunder bv t¡ e
refeience of yc«teiday. And the gent'eman fiom
Kentucky [ vlr Por„] vays he has disec vered an
under-curient in that '"ornmittfe, t"hieh n aires it
proper that this- subject shou'd be withdrawn from
their consideration. Is this soi 1% it true ihat,
while we hear from every quarter of th s Hou>e the
declaration that the Sub-Treasury has been con-
demned by the people, the majority dare not trust
it to a committee upon which there are six members
of the Administration majority to three of the mi-
nority?
1     But, sir, said Mr. F., with these under-currents
and party jealousies I have nothing to do. A. mem-
ber of tne minority of this House, I have full leisure
amid this party strife to keep a cool lookout fot
the good of the whole, and especially for the inte-
rests of those I represent. Sir, the adjustment of
¡his important question of the currency is of vital
importance totne State which I have the honor m
part to represent. No State in the Union is so
deeply interested m this subject as the State of
New York. All her great interests will be affected
for weal or for wo, and for this reason I have made
this motion. Look, sir, at these committees. A.t
the head of the Committee of Ways and Means is
my honorable colleague from, the Erie district,
[Mr. Fillmore,] and, by a rsference to that com-
mittee, I cannot doubt that the interests of New
York will be abundantly guarded. Look again at
the Select Committee upon the currency; at its
head is the distinguished member from Philadel-
phia, [Mr. Sergeant,] and next to him is the equal-
ly distinguish tl gentleman from the neighborhood
of Boston, [Mr. Adams ] and new York is repre-
sented by my colleague, [Mr. McKeom,] who,
from the very fict that he belonas to the minority
in this House, cannot be expected to have great in-
fluence upon the deliberations and determinations
of that committee. Upon ¡his committee, then,
the interests of New York will be left to the tender
mercies of Philadelphia and Boston; and the pecu-
niary interests of the former city have for a long
time past been antagonist to ¡hose of New York.
S r, I ask for my State no undue advantage, but I
do a«k ti.at her interests should be protected, and I
therefore hope that all my colleagues upon this
floor will unite with me m referring this bill back
to the Cornmutee of Ways and Means.
The question was then taken, first, on the motion
to refer th  bill to the Committee ol the Whole on
the sta¡e of the Union, and it was rejected.
And the questioT was takt n, secondly, on the
not on to refer to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and it was rejected.
And the bill was referred to the Select Commit-
tee on the Currency.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Mi-aiWETHEit, was taken up, considered, and,
after some desultory conversation, was adopted:
Kesohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
toieportto this HujBt wlieihei any bat k 01 banks have been
used as depositories of the jiuohc money since the passage of
"An act to provide lot trie sate seepirg, transfer, and disburse-
n ea of tho public reve ue," and ¡¡so, what baDk or banks
have been o employe I "Whethei he one fourth part of du-
tlLS, taxes -ales ol publ.v, lands, debts, , nd sums of money ac-
ciuirM or bei o mrg due to iht V a u! Statu, after the 30th of
June lc10, wh't h -was pioviued foi by tl\\ to be paid in Ihe
leoplcurrpncv of tl e United S ates has b en collected in such
curit-ncy Whether iu any ca«e^ said lequisuion has not been
complied vtth, and it so, by whost, older the 'aw was diso-
bey v. 1 Whether eucn one fourdi pait of the public revenue
lias been paid m bank bills or checks on ¿pecie paying
L ink*, and if ¿o, by whose order the same was received,
arJ atwhat pKces s ch checkb wt.re nceived What expen-
ditures have been mruired m cirryng into t^ect the act re-
1 riedo, ny wav 01 sain c- foi oiVcrs, puich t°s of siles, and
roi lut auil fontcolor Recavéis I. tie' it, the erection of
hi \ i >f v in ^. dnd 'aA-S and tne lent lor rooms for offices
In surliReerivu ind he total imoin ot ex| enhttirei made
i[ ! f['e J i un oi the act heiein íefeneitto Whether
th Heceiv ttc u 'lave <nvi.rt bind and bei-uruy, m terms
ol til hw lino wh > ha> omu e Sto ¡o o ami if said omission
w>li) ihe san uuiof nt D'pnmuit \\ h it security has been
leeeivuKf lacii Rtc^'vei Guieia1, and what was the "value of
tut, nio; eitv ) mi h tctnitv An, that the ¡Secretary com-
miti letot1 sliii^u the ecu -poi ''eiic vhich may have
taken t at- hi. net i hat Department ant the Receivers Ge-
i lí it : ai> in teteierce to Ihe =;ecuiity bey were required to
give em 'lathe íjtlher «la e what receipts 01 evidence  of
d b liase beuiusu d uuu rtheSj h«eetion of the act herein lc-
' Vac SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
low >,g me«*a«e and correspondence from the Pre 
si iv.nl r* the U' red Styis w1 ish uas read, and,
aiter so-ne eonvetsation, w^s re erred, v  the mo
tn n of Mr. PENDLETON, to the select commit-
t< e appointed on the 1st instant, upon ihe subject
of the'death of William Henry Harrison, late Pre.
sident of the United States-
Washington, June 22,1841
Tu 'he Sen"" ard limit of Sept e*tnlaUve$ of the  Unitea
I have the honor to suamit the accompanying cortespond-
ence between i lyself and the H vi J Burnet, I C Wri?ht,
an totters who ainved some days aeom this city as a com-
mittee on behdb of the people of Cincinnati foi ne put pose.with
th assent of the iamily, cl removing th° Tepitms of the late
Piesidentof the tinned S ates to North Bend foi mteiment
I have thought it to be my duty thus to appuse Congress of
