lOé                                             COIÍGkESSÍONAL GLOfcÉ.
__________ ,       . ,<r:----------------------------,—~------—**--------*     ■      .-----—-----.„n     ...  i. .~.-----------------------__—_-.-------------------------------......              -~--------—--------——
than the former. Now, he wished to know what
he had to depend upon. If, owing to defections in
the Whig ranks, the Opposition had become so
strong that nothing cou'd be done, why they had
better go home, and not spend the money of the
people in everlasting fiery debating and brawling
upon every hule frittering question that was
brought before the House. It was a serious ques-
tion whether the friends of the Administration in
this House, or the Opposition party, with its new
allies, was in a majority here; and unless they
could go on and do business, the sooner the session
was brought to an end the better.
Mr. FILLMORE said that, unless there was
some important business befere the Hciuse, he
would, as the Committee of Ways and Means had
much business to do, move tha' the House ad
joura.
Objections m several quarters.
Mr. P. said he  c uld then move that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have leave to sit
during the sessions of the House until further
order.
Mr. GILWER said it was very desirable that
members ot the committee should be present dur-
ing this discussion, because, ¡n the ftr*t place, it
involved a ii'cst important question, and, in the
next place, r-marks had been made affecting ihf
very organization of lhat commute, to which it
would be nr >per to reply
Mr FILLMORE was then understood to wi fa-
draw both moni n^
Mr W. W UVPIN said that he had voted for
the regulation offered on Saturday last by his col-
leagieffom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fornance] viz
to re er a peutum presented by him, on the sub-
ject of the tariff, to the Committee on Manufac-
tures, witn in-, 'udi ns lie had done so because
he considere 1 themotien light in itself. He did
not stop to mqaiie ?s to the motive which influ-
enced his co! c, gue, oi «nether th¡ resolution was
the result o¡'"¡ caucus deliberation, and introduced
w th a view, as 'jme supposed, to embarrass
the actica cf Confess at the extra session It
was of no con equence to him that others, who
were suppose! to paiticipate m lhat caucus,
had dodged tae question on¿ this floor. He was
perfectly willing to take it for granted that there
had been a change of sentiment on this sub
jsct on nú j an of his colleague and *ome of those
politically associated with his colleague—a
change similar to that which seemed to have
taken place on another important question. He
was willing to believe that gentlemen who had
slept soundly dtiriru the whole period of a former
Administration had becoo.e suddenly awakened to
the intereiU of then country on the vital question of
a tariff, as m theotuer House of Congress they had
been miraculous'y aroused from iher lethargy on
another i.Bpoitant question—the con rover«y wnh
Great Biuam r =pec'mg the outrage on the Caro-
line Tne^t- changos ot sentiment were wholesome
evidence-, of the influence of public opinion. He
wai content, 'heiefore, to take it f*r granted that
his colleague's re o'ution wa= offend bona fide, and
his vote was accordingly si/en in its favor.
But he regretted to find that oily a minority of
the lleude vote j wiib him (Air I ) on that resolu-
tion. Tnat ,i proposition so reasonable in Use It
should get the gd-bv with he assent ef a large ma
jonty < t all partie*, that so m?ny of all parties
shoulu mmitestsuch nervous, shrinking, and mor-
bid sensitiveae's whenever the subject of the tariff
and prokctiv" d tu s uss reterred u, however re-
mo ely, wouid cau^e surprise and astonishment m
the munds cf ino e he hürf tí s honor to repre ent
He w.-s gneted, to >, on ¡s.turday last, when ihe
honoiable % ntie aihon NewY>rL [Mr Bar-
nard] Kil u.< ve 1 i scries of re&clut cn^rekrrirg
the VunoUi t )f,cs p ibr<>eed n the "it. idem', mes
'age vo ap rop late committeev, ihd th s que tio'i
was üVi ¡ilv> one i verloiked He'Mr I ) had en-
deavored lo .uppi i etm s op b, an . penj.nent
directing a re erence to the Commititt on Ma'u
factuits, but was cut off by ihc suctd  u n 1 prompt
applif otio'i of the prevn us qaestio  Why Wd^
this, a-ked Mr, I ? 1> th'S question of lb" tariff to
be shunned a'id s.%oidcd like the ghou of Aboli-
tion?   Are the industrious classes of the commu-
nity to be deprived of a hearing on this floor1? Why
object to the printing of the memorial now pre-
sented? Why not refer all s«ch memorials to the
Committee on Manufac'ures, that being the appro-
priate commit'ee? Why not throw the responsi-
bility on t"- at committee, and let them investigate
the subject? If it is inexpedient to act upon this
question at the present session, let the committee
say so Even if the House is precluded from ac-
tion now, that is no reason why the intervals of
leisure afforded by the discu sion and consideration
Of the other topics could not be appropriately oc-
cupied by the committee in the invesiigation of
this subject. He believed it was conceded by the
oppenen s oí a protective tariff ibat, in the adjust-
ment of duties on imports for mere revenue pu^
poses incidental protection might be given to do-
mestic industry by discriminating duties He
would ask if that very matter of discrimination
did not appropriately belong to the Committee on
Manufactures, and he would appeal to the libe-
rality even of those opposed on principle to the
protective system to treat th s question with the
same fairness which they accorded to o'her ques-
tions
Mr. PICKENS submitted to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania hov", in making this appeal to the
liberality of gentlemen from the Soudi, he could
reconcile the distinction raised by the gentleman
from Massachusetts between free 1 >bor and slave
labor, &c
Mr. IRWIN said it would be unbecoming in
him to offer any explana'.on as to the meaning of
the venerable gentlem.in from Ma^achu etts,
wbi1 t that eenilemati w^s here co ready and wil-
ling to expl.nii his own meaning It 'tould be
rre--umptuous m him, (Mr. i ) and !e would not
attempt it.
Mr. IRWIN resumed. He could assure gen-
tlemen that all attempts 10 give this question the
go-by would prove fu lie The manufactuiers
and mechanics and worku gm n of the country
would be heard They itncr would coisent
that their petitions and me.aoiials ptaymg the
consideration of Congres  to subjects m which
tbey feel a deep interest, should treet the fate
of Abolition petitions, when t* <i«- soikshops
were closed and all branches of domes'ia industry
languishing for want of the fostering c«re of Go-
vernment The question could not be long evaded
It would have to be met within a short period, at
the next session at furthest. The period limited
by what was called Ihe compromise act was close
at hand; an act manifestly in violation of popular
sentiment—against the known sentiments of a large
majority of the peop'e of these United States, and
caused by the threat and menace of a small mino-
rity of tho^e people. He (Mr I ) would fail in
his duty to the manufacturing and mdusinous con-
stituents whom he had the honor to represent if he
did nf t protest against the course which gentlemen
of all parties seemed di*po^ed to pursue on this lo
them and to tne whole country mostimportantques-
tion. Whenever the opportunity would oe r-fforded,
it was his intention to move a reference of that
part of the Piesident's message which related
to the tariff and duties on imports to the
Committee on Manufac ures He would ask,
at the same time, that all peti ions on those
subjects now laid „n the table might na-e the
same appropriate reference If this rea onab'e
proposition shou'd be voted coin, he now give
notice oí h s intention, at the proper tunp, to intro-
duce a resolution whicn gentlemen might ci nsider
a test question, nnd which he bel eyed cruld rot be
evaded. He \tdS tl.e last nan to d sire the intro-
ducid! of f ny CHba'rassmg tipie ai t'.e present
sesión, bu' I e coidd nm ckse b s ejes t j th- obv -
ous clem k's of du y unon hni as in Rtjr enta
live oí a hái -working, ho'ie^, an 1 wqusi.ii us
people. GrrUt c en h<.d spoken of wnat was gcirg
on m Ei.g aud on th>* subject if protective dun s
It ras true hat Lord Joh'i Russell had mtr<duced
a bil' for the mortification ol the corn laws, prcpos-
in_-a reduction cf dutic', U was tad, equivalent
to 50 per cent. It was at lea<.t doubtful whether the
ministry would be successful or fall a «aenfice to
that measure, if, indeed, the measure itself origina-
ted in sincerity.  Who could tell what would be its
practical effect on the manufacturing and agricul-
tural interests of ihis country? Not one man in all
this naticn. The effect, many feared, would be the
entire prostration of American industry, and the
arraying against our manufactunrg interests other
interests which hitherto had been united to them.
Who, in this nation, could foresee the end of the
agitation now going on m Great Britain on ihe sub-
ject of her corn laws? It might end like the famous
controversy about free trade 11 that country years
ago.
Gentlemen would recollect the famous rallying
cry of "Huskisson and Free Trade" which British
manufacturers and British merchants spread even
on this tide of the Atlantic, with the view of affect-
ing the decision oi this very question on a former
occasion. When th" American comprtmise bill
passed, said Mr I we heard no more of British
free trade. It remains to be seen whether all this
agitation and excitement on the subject cf the corn
laws, on the other side of the At antic, have not
their origin m kindred motive'-, ai d ate not intend-
ed t -i work similar results in this country. He
trusted that the motion to print the memorial
would prevail.
Mr BOTTS rose and said that he knew of no
practical good that could result from this debate,
andas there was no impcrtaiit business before
the Hou«e and there v^sagood deal before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that might be matured
probably in the coupe of thiee or four hours, if the
House would afford an opportunity, and then be
proposed for the action of the He use tc-rnorrow,
he would move an adjournment
Mr ADAMS asked ths >ea^ aid najs.
Mr BClTá -aid, as he had made bis motion
simply for tl.e purpo e of affjidiig tne Committee
of Ways and Meas , an opportunity to prepare
business for the action of the House, he would
v.lhdrawhis motion to adjourn, and move the
previous question on tbe motion to print.
But ihe House, by a>es 79, noes 90, refused to
second the demand.
And the question recurring on the motion to
punt—
Mr. RHETT obtained the floor, but yielded it at
the request of
Mr FORVANCE, who made soe-e remarks m
explanation. He said that he hoped no member
would impute improper motives to lum in present-
ing a tariff petition, anr asking the committee lo
be instructfd m favor of an increase of Ihe rate of
duties, till they had some stronger evidence of his
insincerity. He would say to his colleague [Mr.
Irwin] that he had nev r changed his opinion.
His opinion was now the same wi h regard to a
tariff, as it had been when be first took a part in
the politics of this country And to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] who seemed to
think Mr F. was not in earnest, because he placed
a protective tariff on the event of a National Bank,
he would say, that he could not forget that, four
years after the Bank of 1816 bad been established
there were 20,001) persons m the city of New Yoik,
20,000 m Philade'ph'a, ajd 10,000 in Baltimore,
thrown out of employment, for tbe truth of which
he wouid refer lb  g< n 'email to Ni'es's Register
Mr RHLTT said he did not know that he should
have said a word on the presert occasion but for
some of the remarks wiucn had falicn from the gen-
tleman from I ennsyivma That gent.pman bad
said that Southern gentlemen were as peculiarly
sensitive en lbs subject of u< tariff as thsv had
been on that of Abolí ion, and hpf, \ heneter the
turiff "as men'ionrd, they instantly rcse wi h mo-
tions to 1 e on tte table, adjourn, í c arid always
reí"' 'da-not, ntoprn^An; th ns t> at related to it.
Mr. IRWIN «aid t a uis r mark bad not been
co fined to Sou he •-, ge> t'emen, out had been di
reeled to genii m« n ot a 1 parties and from every
qu„rter
Mr RHETT had misunderstood him then But
tne fact «as, that noi one Souihein man bad made
any mction to aojou-n, cr any other moliori what-
ever, v,u\ ihe remotest design oí avoiding the tariff
question. Had any one of them voted to siave off
that quest on?   When?—when?
[A gentleman h-re replied that Mr. Botts had
done so ]
