Mr. R, admitted that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had done it, and he. alone had done it. Bat
none ot those vuS whom Mr R. had any political
association, remote or immediate, (and he believed
he was generally considered as one of the most ex-
treme on this subject,) had ever endeavored to
avoid the question. On tne contrary, he had con-
tended, at ihe last session, that the question ought
to come up then. The compromise act would ter-
minate next May, and ic v as fit the merchants of
our country should know at least one year before-
hand what was to b= «one in regard to our system
of duties, m crder that they might regulate liVir
business, and rol bs surpnsfd into io<-ats by our le-
gislation. For this lepsoo, ne h d b'en of opinion
that the subjea ou¡íht to have been taken up at tire
last sjss on ol Confess. But it had b*en impos-
sible to pet 11 uo, neither party v >uld tOtCh
it; neither wished ui uutn, to sbov to the South the
actual posi'ion oí partie*T crth of the Potomac on
thus great que^ i n The Freud ntial ekction
was then ironendiag. and this ooera ed to post-
pane the si.bj'ct 'vi fu unre But no such
obstacle existed no\". j.n (v, was ij agi atu,g
Presidential election io stdve off the con<ider<v
tion of tie subject at tnis iisae Way not take it
up? But M'E. was toid that the tariff question
could not be touched at this exiled session, be-
cause olher important questions intervened, and
the attention of Congress was to be given exclu-
sively to them—such questions as the President
had recommended ,n his message. But President
Tyler did not convene Congress. We were called
together by ihe proclamation of Pres dent Ham on,
and ms proclamation proposed to us to consider ge-
nerally "grave and weighty matters" affecting the
people of the Union. Was not the final adjust-
ment of the tariff, on gre,it principles,'a "giave
and weighty matter" for consideration? And even
Preiident Tyler, in his r"es age, speaks of a defi-
ciency of revenue to be supplied by an increase of
the tar'ff. Why, then, should not tb<= whole tariff
be ri vised and sealed, matead of tinkering i' ior six
months, and men goii-g at it again? Why not shoi?
hand-:, and pia) non-sommittal no lorger1 Mr.
R. was ready to go wnn iko gen leman from Ptiin-
sylvaoii now—to-morrow—every day, until ihe
subject should oe taken up and se'fled But the
gentleman had said mat the smuggle m England
with respect to the corn lnws i. ight produce agrpat
effect on the sett ement oí ihe tjuff .n this countrj,
but that the íesul' ot that strug^ e was doubtful—
he did not know how it wou d end Mr R
said he would le i 'he gfndeman how the strug-
gle would end, ooth in Sog and and this coun
try. It would end j\r «enuring the ereatest good
of the greatest numbrr, >n protecting the interests
of the mar/ froin the power of the fe , m de-
fendieg the ]Utere ts ef tne people agamst the grasp
of the monopo ist« Although abo ítion will jem
them here, as u has don" in Eogla id, m the main-
tenance o a proteo i briiT, u wou'd not avad
them Til s Unif quevtii n was a q test on for Ihe
people, it was raoin; T t,laid, at th s very mo-
ment, to its ioundfiiioii lh'ground swell wasu,
the many .veie c^-iiirg in ^o'Usioi with the privi-
leged fe-v ana in Uct a eeriest, it the people are
free or ju-nce pie\¡> ¡s, the ltw must go down Tie
Ministry oí Great Br *a n nad tpked thef existence
on the rueiso t oí th1" corn laws—cheap bread fot
the poor aBam t rnonrp !y ¡or the rich, a> d wou'u
it not be a shame—,i bu nmg shame—it, on thii
side of ih-á watei, in a Government i süUH d for 'he
people, men should "ot be iound rsady to usk the r
popularity and their a I up~>ti the pancip'as m.olv-
wg such a question' íae s'f ug^le would evd not
in ruining the interests 01 the manufacturers, but m
putting them on the sarai" 'ooung with the interests
of their felloiv-ci'izens. The rights of the p opie,
the rights ot th many against the few, would in-
Í                 umph and prevail, but it would no! destroy the
few, but leave ihem with tne s-ims privileges and
1                 advantage  all others possess.
t                    The gcntle.nan had said that the question wh ch
I                 was now  «jgitatmg  England was   h'se tnat lntrc-
I                dused some >ears since by Mr. Huskisson, and
Í                that his excíteme it had expended  itseti  in speak-
ing    But the  tact was cot so.    Mr. Huskisson
i                had removed heavy duties on many articles, but
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
especially h-had abolished the monopoly on silks,
and what had been the consequence? Did the silk
manufacture (a 1? Did the manufacturéis fa.il?
Not at all, on the contrary, they grew stronger
and stronger Mr Husk sson did not merely
speak, he effected important modineat ons of the
British laws in favor of the great pnnciples of free
tiade
But Mr R. had no belief that the subject of the
tariff would be taken up, he w*s very sure it was
a question tha'would not be met by the House.
Yet he saw no reason whv it should not Why
might it not b2 made a íubjec' Oi legislatiin now
as wed a;> acaoy o l.er tim ? And is it rot the
bea time, in view of t ic tariff ot 1833' But he
knew nothing \ ould be done. Tnouph the gen-
tlemar from Petii^l rama [Mi Iawi*] ha.! shown
himself so very zejlous on t->i ubject, he
would not now meet u.   He would not go wim
I  Mr. R. now in getting it up.    It w*s said that the
I consideration of it now  would be premati re, but
| Mr R denied ¡h.s. It is ra'her too late than too
,| soon to consider it. He and his friends were ready.
y to meet it at any mom m, the/ never had, and he
11  trus'ed they never wou'd stave it off for a moment.
| The s oner we know the position of parnés on
this question, the sooner it is settled, the better for
the South
Mr. BEIIGGS said he had not risen to discuss
the subj -ct, he thought that the whole debate up in
it at this mcnetit had been inopportune, it not out
of order The Committee of Ways and Ivlean>
had made two or three efforts to g°t an opportunity
to sit and prepare business for the House, but
j    without success     To afford them that opportunity,
I  Mr B would move to adjourn.
I      The motion prevailing, the House, at 1 o'clock,
i  adjourned
1                             IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 24, 1841.
The CHAId submitted a communication from
the State Departm-nt, m compliance with a reso-
lution if 'p 17th instant, exh'bmn  an abstract ot
the 6th Centu , «bowing the aggregate amount
of population ii  all the St t s and  Territories,
I    Vvhicu  Mas oid-red to lie on the   table and   b^
1  printed.
I      Also, a message fiom the President of ihe  Um-
II   ted States, in eo jap ¡i anee with a resolu i  i, as  io
,  the de'ay «t the repai s of the Potomac bridge,
11   ordered tobe printed.
!      Also th  annual <¡ atemeut of the Commerce and
Navi&atu n of the Uut k. States.
Mr HUN11NS TOS saw if it tae Secretary was
directed by  an order oi th    aenaie to  have thr
deicumen'printed, if it was recei id during the rc-
|  tes*.    Icnot hiving been so receivtd  "e rarvea 'o
print 2,000 ex'ra  copie  o! this itoaum"nt  on the
I  ground that K was or    m.ig the .no^i imponant
j   that emanates from tne Government     it w¿s one,
j   too, that did not find i's way in o tre nc o DAper«,
11   ¡ike the gererai  reports sent from ^e  Executive
bta .ch Ti c mo' on wa «greed to.
j Mr TALLVÍVD3E p'e ented nemori'l* from
, cituens ot Net/ Yoik, c t z ns ot balira, and enl-
I zpiisot ot Cleve'aad, Om , in Tito- ot te íeial
i bankrupt law, which were referrt 1 to Hie Co urna-
i   t e on the Jud.cmry.
1      Me. S.IITH, ot Indiana, frontbe Comm ttee
on the Publ c Land , reported back to the Sena e trie
|l   bill lo d Stribüte *he  proceeds  ot die sa e-. of the
i  public lcinds among the seve al S ates in just and
,    equable propo^uons, and to grant lan^s !o ceria'u
||  btites, with several amendments, on  tfthepnn-
I    cipal of which i-, tne incorporation oí <t perta^nent
|    pio^psctive preemption system inf-tvorof nctu-il
■settlers    Mr. S   sdso suomitted  a special report,
which, wuh the bill as amended, was oidered to be
printed.
REMOVALS FROV1 O^^ICE
The íesolutioii  -ubmitt'd by   Mi.   Bocbaiun,
some da>s since, requesting  .he Prende Mo fur-
l   m-h the names of persons removed horn office since
|    the 4th of Mareh last, was taken up.
i       Mi. MANGUM  moved to amend the sisme by
msert'ng "and also   ihcremov us from tee 4ih rf
i   March, 1829*tp to the 4 h oí March, 1841 "
I       Mr. BUCHANAN said it had not been his p arpóse
101
tn say one word on his own resolution, for he did
belie  e that ihe call for information was so correct
in itself, and the mfoimat on requreá wa* so pro-
per for the public, that he could not have antici-
pated opposition from any quarter He was sonv
to find himself mistaken, and tha1 ganilemen on
the o her side were so sensitive in regard to ihe sub-
ject of i, that they could not let his resolution pass
without encumbering it with an amendment calcu-
lated to render it nugatory I' this had not been
the object of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangom ] h  would, instead of h.s amendment,
have offered a separate resolution, to the adoption
of which he (Mr. 8 ) could r.8i hav. the least ob-
jection But if the amendment v.ert atlached to
his (Mr. B's) resolution, w>-<-n was it probable
that an ?ns.wer could be ob'ai&ci from the Presi-
dent' If arante of mquirj as to all the mho-
Vols and appo ntment,, v h ch h«u been made
during ihe last twelve year , «eie to be entered
upjn, would it be possible to get *-a answer to
hisresolui on, during th<  present session of Con-
gre s, even if it should contirue uoil th  middle
of Septem "il Tms was th" ir>'¡ objection he
nad lo the gentleman's am ncliiient If the ori-
ginal resolution had ca'led for the reasons of re-
movals- from office, the gen leman's sensitiveness
would be excusable; but he (Mr. Buchanan) asked
for ao reasons He simply desired a list of those
removed and those appointed by dip pi esent Ad-
ministration. He at first thought of entering into
some explanation of the nature ot his call for thi>i
information, but the resolution l'selfw^sso plain
on its very face, that he deemed it unnecessary, at
the present moment, to go into particulars
Mr. B said he could declare, in all sincerity, that
the first idea of making this call for information
had been suggested to his mmd but a ew days be-
fore he left home, in consequence oi hearing daily
of removals and appointments ol postmasters
throughout the county wher- he Mi 'ed. Respecta-
ba men, who had been solicited by their neighbors
to accept of little ofikes e tablithed at the cross
roads for the public conv meree, wee removed,
in order that some good Whig might be rewaided
with these iinallcrutnbs of Sxtcutivc bounty. In
at least one instance, he believed that the post
office i seif had been remove i to some dis-
tance from the plac? whua it was first esta-
blr-hei', m order that the Postman er General
m ght Jinda wor.hj W! lg 'ceificp of his pairc-
nise After hs arnval bjne, he le<rim.d that the
wirk of prescript on was p ogre«siii¿ oi a grand
sea c among these pe ty post offic * These remo-
vals were so extensive, and so liiysienous, as to
produce much sensation Kvcry where tne vUims
vvcie failing ¡¡tie leaves m October, but no man
knew v htnee the blow came, or wh > had put the
Executive arm in motion. Tee names of the fated
o; these vie ims were concealed from 'he public, as
f< r rs this was possible Neither of the offical
journals hiie had pubhshtd u e lemjvals oi ap-
pointments made by ti.e Posimas ei G rrral. Tne
bio'v was aimed against tnese Duaocr.i ,c postmas-
ters from the 'ecret recesses oi tne e'o t Office De-
partment, and tnea number «.ad the i names veil-
ed in Executive m>sttiy, and not penauied to meet
the public eye. When the iate Postmaster General
had made remováis, they were weekly pub-
lis .ed m the Glebe, and were mus commu-
nicaied to tne whole country. Bjt what was
the ta p now? He. had u ¡iota authority
on which he relied, that tae Po^tsHster General
was now removing at the rate, ot onv. hundred
and thirty postmasters pt.r week, and for «rty
thir g whtcn appeared ih tne pub ne, pap ro of this city,
he had never made a smgler« mova mee he came
in o office. The country had thus been kept in
utter ignorance of the extent of the proscriptions of
this anti-proscriptive Administration. They had
conceiLd their hand And the honorable Sena.
tor from North Carolina had mferaied us that
wnat has jet been done was only the preface—the
volumes woJld hereafter be w-nten We have
had but a small duodecimo; herealter we were to
receive the quart s.
Was it not nece«sary for the public information
that ¡he changes in the eiifferent post offices should
be published?   It was often, very often necessary
