!02                                         CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
________                                      <             .....______________________________________________________                              -S&.
fiat individuals who had business to transact in
remóle districts of country should know who were
the incumbents of the different post offices. Show
your Panels, gentlemen, said Mr'. B. and never do
ttatwhbhyou are either ashamed or afraid to
publish. Amos' Kendal!, the late Postmaster
Genera), never set such a precedent (o hissucres-
sor. He then called upon the Senator fiom North
Carolina to answer him the question directl};—
why, when removals w<*re proceeding at the rate of
cne hundred and thirty per week, and if they were
not, the answer Jo this call would disprove it, the
Whig journals of the city were entirely silent on
the subject. Tee public acts of public men under
A free Gfoverment^ere public property, and should
never ¡e coacealed from the people. When this
had to be resorted to, it wa-s always evidence that
there was something wrong. It might refer par'i
cularly to the proseriptive conduct of other De-
partments, but should foibear fur the present.
Another reason, he confessed, which had in-
duced him to offer the resolution, was to ¡-how the
beautiful consistency between Whig professions
and Wh'g practice; between promises made bofoie
the election, and performance afterwards. If the
late Administration did make removals, he a'ktd
whether, in doing so, they had ever violated any of
their principles or promises? Toe maxim which
the Senators on the other had attributed to it, and
which its friends had always denied, was 'bat "to
the victors belong the spoils." It was certain, how-
ever, that when opportunities offered, we have pre- j
ferred our friends to our enemies; but all was open
and fair in our conduct. The late Administration
had never shrunk from the responsibility of their-
aciions;'aad were never either afraid or ashamed to
nublishthem to the world.
But how had the supporters of the present Admi-
nistration acted throughout the canvass which pre-
ceded the late Presidential elecion? Had they not
made professions subserve them instead of princi-
ple.? Could any man deny that there were nume-
rous and respectable individuals every wnere «ho
had eaiistt-d under their banners, becau-.e they wete
made to believe tnat the late Administration had
pushed the principle ot proscription entirely too
far, and that the election of General Harrison was
loudly demanded for this reason alone, even if no
other existed? The Whigs solemnly promised ra-
dically to reform this system, which they said con-
verted the Presidential election into a mere strug-
gle between faction? eager to seize the spoils of vic-
tory, instead of a great contest for the a.scendency
of political principles. They would be actuated
by higher and nobler motives; and thousands and
tens of thousands of moderate men rnd.bein de-
ceived by such p'ofessionr. How wietcbedly had
these men been <-is.>ppoini''(¡? Prc^criptim nss.-.il-
ed us at every step. We lived and mov> d in Ihe
amosphereof proscrip'ion, and its victims weie
scattered every where around us.
If you go into the sacred walks of Christianity—
Christianity, the purest and the best gift which ever
descended Irom Heaven upon man, r.nd you iheie
find its prolessors preaching what they never prac-
tised, and never intended to practise, what would
be your conviction of the sincerity and true cha-
racter of such professor ? What would you 'hmk
of that man, if, with the precepts ot this sublime
doctrine upon his lips, his lile gave the lie to his
professions? You would not hesitate to pronnunce
fcirn guilty of the grossest hypocrisy. All mankind
■would unite with you in calling him a hypocrite.
He jwould not undertake to apply this name to
gentlemen on the other side, but he should leave
the people to judge. This, however, he should say:
that the ruthless proscription which was now pro-
gressing so directly at variance with all the profes-
sions and pledges of the Whig party, was the most
glaring and signal example in Ihe history of any
Government, ancient or modern, of the opposition,
between professions before an election, and prac-
tices afterwards. No popular Government had
ever existed, beginning wnh that of Athens, and
coming down to the present day, in which a politi-
cal party had so recklessly and so suddenly violated
their most solemnly professed principles,as theWhig
party of (be present day had done. It was no wonder
that tbey should endeavor to shroud their conduct
in mystery, and to conceal their removals from the
world.
Never had the leaders of any party been more
sob mn'y committed on any doctrine lhan those of
! the Wnig party were in their hostility to proscrip-
tion. From the Senator irom Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay ] down, they had allspok'nth' sume lan-
guage. That ---"ena or ha I rep a'edly, on this
fl or, denied the existence of thi power of removal
by the President under the Constitution. How
eloquently had he declaimed against the maxim
that "to the victors belonged the spoils'?
Mr. Clay. Will the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania allow me a word ia explanation? 1
hive said that power does not belong to the Presi-
dent, though it has growa into u<e. It has been a
subject of legislation, and as such it is not ques-
tioned.
Mr. Buchanan. Tne Senator from Ken.
tucky then declared that under the Constitution the
right did not exist, but that in law it did; and that
now, being iasrrice,he would justify his Administra-
tion ¡or its prosr:pti n, not by constitutional but by
legislative authority. Had he not, over and over
again, denounced the late Administration on the
ground of proscription?
Mr. Clay, (from his seat, in a jocular way,) I
did sir; but our practice now grows out of the ne-
cessity ef our case. We cannot, indeed, sir, con-
sent to allow your friends to remain in our confi-
dence.
Mr. Buchanan. The Senator then acknow-
ledges that whilst he hates the principle, he loves
the practice. So much for Whig consi-tency !
And the Senator irom Kentucky candidly admits
that Ihe power of necessity gons beyond the power
of principle; and this, because the friends of the
late Administration stand in the way of principle,
and its enemies are clamorous for the loaves and
fishes.
He (Mr. Buchanan) had never expressed any
opinion of his own on  ihe subject of the spoils be-
longing to the victors.    He had never  said   that to
the victors belonged Ihe spoils.    He had acted  dif-
ferently   when    he   h.-.d   declined   to  disturb   the
Whigs   in   petly  post   offices   in his district   of
country.       But     proscription      now     proceeds
rapidly,   and  in   leas    then • six months    hence,
at ihe same  rate, there  wilt not be a man lett
in office who was appointed by the iate Adminis-
tration.    In the entry of the present Administra-
tion  into power, he  did expect that.'hey would at
lea-.t have done one  thing:.    Hundred of persons
had  been appointed to office by the late President,
under existing laws, for  the  term of four years,  j
if the present Administration  had allowed them to  I
remain nil ihe ix; ir-in< n of their term,it would, 11  |
some .vm'ill degite, have acted in conformity with its  '■
professions, snd would have lost noibine by the ar- j
ranpemeni; because what its (i lends might have lost
in the beginning would l<avc been mace up to them
in the end.    But not even having  adopted this
principle,  what had been the spectacle presented
10 the world by ihe determination, so instantly and
almost by  anticipation,  acted upon, of unsparing
proscription?   Did not the  blush of shame suffuse
the cheek  of every disinterested  American when
the    spectacle    of    the    rush    for   office    was
exhibited in all its odious colors at the time of the
inauguration?   Did it not furnish foreigners an oc-
casion  of deriding our institutions?   If the new
Administration had announced that all  those in
office would be allowed to complete ihe term of their
appointments for four years, un'ess they had been
guilty  of official muconduct, there would have
been no unsetmly rush for offices; tue new appoint-
ments would* have been made gradually as the old
expiree; and this country would have bsen spared
the humiliating spectacle which the supporters of
the Administration exhibited. But proscription was
necessary to reward those who had  restored the
golden a¡ e !   And what had been promised aa one
of the b essed effects of ihe rule of that golden age?
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
had uttered a sentiment which bad gone forth to
the world, and was hailed with eulogy whenever it
was read—far and wide had it spread over the
land—that days of proscription had gone forever;
that PROSCRIPTION WAS   ITSRLF   TO   BE   PBOSgaiBED.
There was a profession of the golded age!
That Senatai had, wiih virtuous and eloquent
indignation, repelled, on this floor, even after the
Presidential election, the bare msnuation that the
Whigs would act upon the doctrine of proscription,
The maxim that "to the victors belong me spoils,"
he proclaimed tobe infamous ane detestable. Even
Machiavel himself, in the ¡Senator's opnion, had
never conceived or avowed so toul a maxim.
The present President of ihe United States had
been as strongly committed by declarations,
speeches, p ¡edges, and addresses, against this doc-
trine, as any other member of the Whig party.
He (Mr. B.) would not further attempt to paint
ihe manner in which these distinguished Whigs
had carried out their principles. This might spoil
the picture. All he wanted was the list cf remo-
vals^ and appointments. This would speik for
tself; and he had no doubt we might then exelaim
with justice, "how he nicks them!"
He was sorry that the Senator from North Ca-
rolina [Mr. Mangum]  had proposed 'his  amend-
ment to this simple resolut.on of inquiry.    It might
have the effect of preventing ihe prtsentation to
the whole land, wherever  the  beautiful sentiment
to which he had alluded had been read, of ihe under-
standing which the party in power attached to that
sentiment.   He [Mr. Buchanan] yet hoped the Se-
nator from North Carolina would reflect upon the
consequences of his amendment, and withdraw it.
Mr. McROBERTS said he had the same objec-
tions to the amendment which the Senator from
Psnnsylvania had expressed; and principally that
the information called for by the resolution would
not be obtained this session. Now, he Mr. (McRo-
berts) especially desired ihe information forthwith,
for he w"ell knew his constituents expected it; in-
deed he believed thai the whole country called for
it; and he, for his part, considered it proper that
the people should see what the present Admimsa-
lion had been doing since it came into power.
He   regarded   it   as   information   of  great  and
urgent    importance,    that    the    people    should
show how  the   pledges   lha'   been   given   them
in the subject of removals from  office were now
redeemed.    The vote of the § najonty of the  p eo-
ple had been obtained on the lauh of these pledges,
and   they  have a right to    be assured  of    the
manner in which that laith was kept.   All that the
resolution called for was a  list ot the proscribed,
and  hs  was not   prepared   to  expect that   any
Senator could   doubt   the   propriety of the  call
for information. He at all events thought it proper
that the opportunity should be given of comparing
party professions  with   p rt -rmnnces.     He  pro-
posed to point out some  cf  the   ¡n-oiessions made
and thesf nje positions taken on thein, during the
canvass ti.r ihe late Prsidential  election, that the
country wght see what was the re,-.l object in view.
He knew the time was not propitious now for this
inquiry famid this great rush,  and struggle, and
scramble for  office.    But the action which might
incommode the sci amblers for the spoils, might
abide a season—all that w¿s wanted at piesent was
information lor the country.   The American peo-
ple are proverbially a practical people.   Give them,
facts  and information  to go upon, and they will
woik out (he problems themselves    With this in-
formation, they will soon arrive at the conviction
of the propriety of the resistance which the Demo-
cratic power gave to the assumption of power by
those now forming the administration of this Go-
vernment.    There    had    been    an    Executive
document issued   on   the   4ih of March, in the
nature of a   ukase,  under   whith   a  large   por-
tion   of    those     removals    b'-sd    taken    ptace.
He alluded to  ihe circular to   túe office holders
issued by  the Secretary ofSia'e, from which he
quoted various extracts.    He (Mr. MoRoBEars)
proposed to examine very briefly tin-; ukase, to see
whether Ihe Constitution gives any  power to the
President of the United States to issue, or cause to
be issued,  this ordet: and particularly whether it
gives  him power   to create  any   particular   of-
fence, and then make himself both judge and jury
in deciding upon it.    So  far from granting this
power, the Constitution says the Government shall
have no right to interfere with popular opinion.
