<s.
106
Mr. B. said this was a specimen of the length lo
which the business of providing for families had
gone m England; and, if commenced here, it will
run tSse same length Paction, party, and favo, it-
ism are trie same eveiy where, and no where ¡un
to grestei excesses ¡han in republics. Masses o!
men will do what no man singly will do Masses
will give tens and Lundieds of thousands where a
single mcuvtcual would have given but units. We
start here with giving twenty five thousan' dol ar^,
deducting ths two thousand paid, and several are
for doabhng—«orne for quadrupling—that sum
But, take it at $20,000, and it is a laige sum to be
presented to a lady to whom the Government owes
net a rent' It is a large sum at any time, and es-
pecially a' the present time, when ti e distress
orato s have rest"tried the r old occupation, and
utter the.r lugabnous cne^ oí national distress to
cover their rew proj-cts of loans and taxe*. Loans,
and taxes are calted for with one breath, and the
money in ¡he Treasury is squandered with another;
and a system of na íonal recompenses and civil
pensions commences m the era of reform and eco-
nomy, with a grant of §25 000 where  rot a cent
is due1 and this bring  me to the motive, or
leason, for th * hrg  donation. G^t'eraen
refuse to comm't themselves on the record ,
but th y have reasons, and wa have 1i ih1
enoufh, here and elsewhere, to have a glimpse of
what they ate. First, p ¡veity; as if that vas- any
reason lor \otmg a ¡or une to a family, even if it
was true' If it wjs a reason, one half of the com-
munity might be packed upon the backs of the
other. Most of onr public men die poor; many of
them use up their patrimonial inhen anees in the
public service; yet, until now, the repa-ation of
ruined fortune has not bren attempted out of the
public Tr<acury. Mr Jefferson, than to wh*.m the
cause ot civil hber y owes not more to any manwl o
has lived in the t de of times, died poor—his chil-
dren were *.old out of hi^ home—at d jet his Dim -
cratic fríe.. Is never th ught of prcvidins foi his
iamay out oí the ¡nb ic purse flip s^me of Mr.
Monroe, h' «pilt his blood in the Revolution—
wore out h's i."e in the civil service— í as sold out
after his death —yet his Democratic friends veted
him no gilt lium the Treasury Poveity would
no  do, if it was ttue, but be e it is not true, the
lidy in question ha¿ a fine otate, and certainly his
not applied for this money. No petition of heis
is here1 No letter, even, that we have hesrd of
So far as we know, she is ignorant of the proceed-
ing' Ceitain it i^, she has not applied for this grant,
either on the «-core ot poverty or pny tin g
else Next, el tti< n expen Os si  m ntontu,
but that wou'd ' i in to bif a burU'q e
upon the cha aeter < f pur re, nb icaí ir Ntirijti< n-.
CertaiMy n :> canhdur for th" Presidency ou^h' to
elfctiiiic tr f r ii—^p n 1 ninney/or i'—in 1 i 'e
did, the p ihltr Tic^ety ought no D rid inn t.
him. Triveilng evpen«e, (omitig on to the se-u
of Giverimpi nt are n it mentioned, but these
contd be bu .iTiíl ,'v:ú ii the Pies deuteleet c?mc
at his own rtp<u-e. But w  kiow to the con-
trary. We !/no>" that the con ett i. for the honor
of bringing hfi, lint conveyances and enter ail-
ments arc prepared, and thrt friends dispuv for
precedence in the race ot liiiiPg and h-lp i>g plo'-p;,
and m ristetmg to every want of the man who is
so soon to be >he disp-ns^r of h nor and fortune in
he shape of office snd contiacU. Such a man
cannot travel «it bis own expense Fmalv, th 
ire in the roof of the west wng o< the Nonh '5fnd
macs on has b en e ent oned, bat Jackson h id the
whole Hern fge burnt o the giontid ■> hen he  „s |j
Presiden , ard would ha"e scon ed a gi t f i .mi the
public Tiea^ try to'ebui d it Such are ihe iea
sons meraione i in deb u, tr cNtvh re, toi this
gram. Ti.e r futility is ppar-nt on their fue
and is p oved b<, the unwillingness < f geotierr"-n
to state them n a report, ir a pr amb e, or n the
boiy of the b 11 itself.
Ths aiil oí p e -tdsnt is nvoked in this case, but
in vaia. Ii h¡n no precedent, but will form a dread-
ful one. And here lei me repeat the words of a
wise man wuh respect to these precedents I speak
of Mr. Macon, and of what I have often heard h m
say. It was this: That there was no equality in
the use of precedents; that good ones stood for
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nothing, and ihe bad were followed; that any num-
ber of decisions in favor of the Constitution fixed
nothng m i s behalf, while one decision against i>
wps a precedent forever to be followed These
aie the words of wis lorn, and would rrve a com-
plete application m 'his cise, i there had ever b en
one decision a<*ams' ¡he C '""-t i'i n e ii d is poin ,
but ther  has jet b«n no ,e We havjjetlo ^et
the exan pi of commit ing ib. s o urago upon the
Consul i .on, g vsn> it this d->=idly wound in a new
pl£C-. Oar Goiernmenthas been tu opciation fifty-
two jear^, anl no civil penson, no national recom-
pense, no yr< nt of morey out of the Federal Trea-
sury, n<"< been made as a pie ent to a man or his
famny for civil services That, of itself, is the
decís on of fifty-two years in f-ivor of 'he C nstiti.-
tion. A great many appheation's have been ma'e
to CoDgress for gran's of rcntiey to distressed fami-
lies, who^e heals had rendered service to the S'ab ,
they have all been refused The e arp so many
deci ions pgam in favor of the Con^ i ut on Bat
ihey all s'aad for nothing, and findms no decisirn
m point to >tand for a precedent in this case, the
friends of the b.U have >vcouise to those which are
not ? alogous, and pre«s mto the service tbose
wh ch hive no applica'ion to what we are now do
mg At th- head of t íese cases so cited stands the
?< t for the b"n fit of Mrs Brown, widow of Gene-
ral Erown, wri<h was pa^ ed by Congress in the
yea: 1S33, and gave to her the remainder of her
l-usbiud'i pa^ for the jear m which he died; that
is to s ¡y, about nine months' pay.
I was co'emoorary vith this case—know all
about it—acted a part in it—have its history in
mj mind, ss well as in the debates of the day—
and can show that it has no analogy to t! e pre-
sent ca«e, ann was respectably opposed at the time
as ocirig without warrant fiom tht Constitution—
of evil example—and would be quoted in after
times foi cv ¡i worse acts. I vo ed against it, and
so did many oilier^, ai d among them those who
weie Hsu illy found slandino- ab a body guard
around the Ccnstittmon Tae v>'e ap"nn-,t the
bill was Messrs Bell, B nton, Blanch, Chandler,
Cobb, Diokt 'son, Elln, Foot, King of Alabama,
Mi-crn, Nohle, Harris, Taz.well, Tyl-r, White,
and Williams We weie sateen who stood to
gether on that occasion—a number not large, but
giaced with some names which have weight with
the country This case of Mrs Brown's is quoted
as a precedent lor Mrs Harmon's bill, but mo*t
uiijusily It is a military and not a civil cas- 
Her husband di*d m the army, and the i-pporter of
the bi'l (General Ham.on) produced the state-
m ot>~ f theSirgon G- r mof thi ainw fDr
t.ovell ) ind of ano'her pnvsic  n (Dr H nder-
son,) io piove hit Gennr  1 B uwn dinl n come
CiUtnce 0' a df-ea'e couiacted in the mh ic ■■er-
vice, ci 1 w?s to be f!a<scl with tho e who
weie 'iled in the l,nc of th'.r djly "it will
be seen (Slid General iforiion) thd the Sur-
geon Geneinl csse<is ¡hat if General Blown had
hved,and had itH ed f nm tne army, he wou'd hme
rintninma ceriijie-.te for a full pension under the
(Xiitwg bws of the countty " This wa^ the argu-
mtrit o Gene'a! Harrison, and in conform* y to it,
he oropos d a preamble to the bid in th'se w< rds
" Wnerem the late Major General Blew . died 11 cois-
seqifnce of indisponiion conli acted m tne seivice of
the UiUed Sia'es," S{c and dno her memo°r of
to* Senile, now a Suiitoi, [\"r Bfeuien ]
t Pered An amendment 'o the bod/ oí tht
bid, dec <u n~ the .ea ons f >r me sr<-nt in tbe^e
wi rd " JVfse ¿eVh ii s niooscá to have h'en caused
bv diieas', an^ra^e I while %n th" service of the
Ui't'ed&'t'es on th* Ywg*i-i frontier " lbs pre-
amble a* 1 'h s p«n?ndment were no* a'rpted, for
feif they >"Ould m&KO prees-'ents, ar d no v t ,<? act
b comes a ta>- no*e i nR-roni preoedint wthout
thee classes than tt wool i have been with ihem
Such was thf case of Mrs Browi—a military
case eo-mng with n the eq1 lty, as thp friends of the
measure argued, of the then existing penvon law 
And thii case is to be nude a prec dent for Mrs
HarusoD, whose case is a civil one, having
nothing upon earth to do with pensions and inca-
pable of being ass'tnilated in a solitary particular
with the one to which it refers for ]us iflcatton1
Such is precedent—such the folly—the danger of
construing our Constitution by precedents! The
first instance is got upon one reason, the next upon
another; and so on until all reasons are lost sight
< f—the Constitution itself is lost s'ght of—and the
Legislature reigns supreme without a limit upon its
power, or a guide to its acts!
Bu , although to be made available as a prece-
dent in this evil case, yet Congress has steadily re-
fUbfd to follow Mis BrownN act m mil'tary o-es
Many simdar application* have been made, and
Idiled. Tie military commitnes of both Hiu<es
have íeported against all such app'icattons, and
have been =usta ned by the two Hou-.es Even
Mrs Leavenworth, the tvidow of the brave and
patriotic genener.il of that name, anl Mrs Thomp-
son, ihe widow of the gal'ant and accomplished
Col. Alexandtr Thompson, killed at Oke <.bobee,
even these ladies, a-d anl a host of others, hive
in va n applied on the stiength of Mis B own's
C5=e They have a 1 been relu-ed. Every refusal
is a precedent in behalf of the Constitution; but dll
thebe stand tor nothing. Hundreds of decisions m
favor of the Cmstitution are nothing, while one
against it ¡s fa'a!' So true is the wi e remark of
Na'hantel Macon'
1 hus, precedent fai s as completely as argument
fails in this ca e. There is net her reason, Consti-
tution, nor example for it; yet it is to b  pressed
throush under circums'ances wh ch portend badly
for futuie legislation—circumstance-  vhich wnl
gi' e to the family ot any public m<in «ho chances
to die in the public service claims upon his party,
if predominant, for support and fortune out of the
publicpur-e. The example is contagious and we
must expec' hereafter to see families packed upon
the backs of the community without shame or
stmt—' ffices lavished upon all the kin of the illus-
trious dead—pensions and fortunes voted to those
whose sex or age unfits them for office.
What times we have fallen upon! What won-
ders we wanes ' How strange are the scenes of
the day ' We have a President who has been ihe
foremost in the defence of the Constitute n, ,md in
support of the rights of the States, whnge walk has
been on the ou ward w-,11 of ihe Constitution, hi-,
post in the hru line of i s di fenders, his s at on the
topmost branches of the Democratic tae. I wdl
not d.sparage this Piesident by saying that be
fought side by side with me m defence of the Con-
stitution and the States, and against the lotitudma-
nan,s. It would be to wrong him, to plací htm
at my side. His position was far ahead, and
far above mine. He wis alwajs m the ad-
vance—on the lotk-ont—snuffing danger in
!e fir--t tamti d breez', and mikmg stii-
cipated fi ^ht again t t1 e lurking foe Hard y any
th ng \w> c n tutiuo'iai eiouh tor h tn. Ths
was bin a feiv brief ^e^rsago. Now ,v¿ see the
measure i brou,J forward in the first tiree mor ths
ef thi-- Pre--i teat's administration, wh'ch leave all
former unconsti utional measu es far m the rear—
whi^n avd friudard orxjery to opta violence, and
aim more deu'ly would, at the Coristit,ition than
the previous City yc?is of ltsexisience had inflicted
'tpon it I uno* not the sen'imen's of the ¡Presi-
dent mielition to the^-e measures, and si/ nothing
to effect ir to jeath hut , hi t 1 know die mea ures
ihem elve-, tu' ir tíe^peíate chara t rs, and fatal n-
sues, and I am fete to tay, that if such ihicgb can
pas->—if they can survive the t iple ordeal of the
House, the 8en*te, and the veu — ben there is an
et d of alt that out faihers cortended for m the
fornmioo. of th s Federal Governmeat To te
sur , ihe machinery ard scaff ldiog e>t the Ge-
ve nment would "t 1 continue. IVe shoulj still
have Pets dents Coigr 3t, s a judi* ar>, an army.a
navy, the tax power, arid tax gsthercs, and Ux
consumer- Bi', it snch ire ~vi e „s these c.-n
pa-s—a hid to avish th,-* public land* in djueemi
among the Si t« , in order to up,v the r loss by
loans and taws, a con'nvaace o d friiid theCor-
stttution, and b ¡be is *ay through Congress,
caheü a fisca1, id «si, a Treasury Bail, the bill
how before us to open tnt he v book of civil pen-
sions and family gratuities; the mqu'SUonal com-
m s-iobs mode'led upon the plan of Sir Roteit
Walpo e's committees of secrecy; the ex post facto
edict for the creation of political offences, for es,
[ parte trials, for the infringement of the liberty of
