CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
toé
ground he. supposes. But the Revolutionary pen-
sion bill was .supported by him, (Mr. W.) as ehair-
man oí the special committee m that case, on the
ground ot their being a debt due. Ke had scruti-
nized the bills of mortality and annuity, published
in both Europe and America, and became satis-
fied that the calculation marie for the half-pay of
those officers was, by mistake, too anallj not equal
to their average term of life. A report accompa-
nied the b'll, and put ¡ton that ground as a perma-
nent one. So dm his (Mr. W ) speech in favor
of tbe bill. It will be found that the bill for the
relief of that class of officers was an act of justice
to make up for an error. As a mere gratuity
it never would have passed. On that ground it had
failed to pass for twenty years,
Mr. CALHOUN said,  that his vote in the cas-;
of the Calaceas sufferers had been  alluded to in
the course of the discussion.    He would state the
grounds upon whi-h that vote was  given, without
intending to make a question at this 'imp, whether
they were sound or not.    He held  then, nnd still
held,,that there is a m&trria!distinction between the
limits assigned to the poweis oí Congress in acting
on questions which  grew out of our exterior rela-
tion.*, and thee which grew oot of our interior. At
home, the legislative powers a"e dtvided between
the General Goverum-nt tiiid those of trie S-'ates.
Tais division made i: ivc<ssp.r, that the p-.ners of
one or the oh.r should b" •, ce.5e-.liy enumerated;
and accoidmgly all tho-e ('elevated to the General
Government ai". ¡trie: v spretfied,  with  agrnaal
clause, reserving to th   Gia'es and '.he people a'l
that are not so del-gated.   It follow.-', of course,
that whatever power which is not specially delega-
ted to Congress, is. intended to be escrcis-.ü by the
State or its Legislate, uí.Us- exptessSy prohibited
by the Constitution.    For d ilerent is ¡he case in
reference to our exier.cr c< :a:i.;r.s. The States sepa-
rate!) have no such ieiauons,-sp'< all the powers e> n-
necied With thtm. ' rlong to the Uuion, and are exT-
cised through the treatj-m?.k;ng¡power. It results,
from this vitw,tr.atit w.jsnotnccss.'saiy to ¿nu.aerate
the objects of the irea'y-uaking power, and grant
them specifically, as there exists no division of the
power between it and the  State  Governments as
relates to  the exterior relations of the countij.
The questioas glowing out of these are, as I hava
stated,   under   the control of   the treaty-making
power without any preseiit-.d hmii.uion, and sub-
ject to none except such as may be iniened from
the nature of the  power, the  provisions of the
Constitution, and the character  of  the Govern-
ment.    Among the first of these, the principal one
is, that it  must, in reality, be a question  between
us and other nations.    To exercise a power not of
that description, would be clearly :.n abuse of the
treaty-making power.    Among the ¡irritations im-
posed upon it bythe Constitntkn, may be placed
all these negative pro.vis.ion-, which are  prohibited
from being  exerei éd by the Gene:'-!  Government
through any of rs Detriment";—Mjeh as giaitiD*
tides of nobility, &c.    Among the powers i*. hie.h
are directed to be exercised lay the ConstituUot. in
a given way, and no other, is i rut of appropriat-
ing   moLey.     The piovr:i;:i  i--, that no monry
shall  be   dtavn   out   the Treasary   tut by   an
appropria'ion by   law,   which,   of  coor=e,   pro-
hibits   drawing   it   by   I'-ca.y,   a;.d   is   a   limi-
tation upon :hr treaty power,   in addition to thete,
there are Imitations '..^3 í'kóa >I.e octave of the
Government.    Anvi-g them 1 held it cannot cede
a State by treaty, for ib" p! -in re^so r ¡hit it is party
to the constitutional como¿."í v ni* h was ¡aaae for
the good of caci Su'e in 1 mí fot its Sí-er.ñer.    I
am notawa>eih<t;h/;\-a .> I nvia<>nibi.iy¡nta'e
diavrn ircm one oi v.-  o :••:: of these sources, a,.d
I am of ¡he impres-i-.L ¡ha. ".he power of the Union
in its extern-,- relaii-.it. i- as in','  r.ud  c-roeleie as
any other se\e'e:¿n atvi i. .¡eptudcr.¡ >.&'i.n, •• >th
ihe exception >.f'he limitations  which  mo.y fainy
be deduced fr-m one or the other of these sources.
Now, he held, when i; bfcoevs proper fer Con-
gress to act on questions connected Wifi our exte-
rior relations, such as the donation to the suffereis
at Caraccas, pensions to ¡tie families of the French
sailors, kilted in the harbor of Toulon, or the pur-
chase of Louisiana, they were net subject to the
same strict limitation of power that they are in act-
ing on home questions, in reference to which, all
powers not specifics.;.y granted to them, belong to
the States. These are the grounds on which he
acted in givine his vote on the Caraccas case.
Mr. ARCHER expressed his surprise at some
of the doctrines of the honorable Senator of
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] as to the unre-
stric ed power of Congress in making treaties. He
contended that the power of Congress in its action
on questions growing oat of our foreign relatione,
wis a.t much a delegated power, and as strictly
guarded, as any other. He said those who held
opposite doctrines were not true exponents of 'he
principles of the S ys Rjhts school, fro./i which
they should be expel'ed, a..d he intimated pretty
strongly his determination to read Mr. Calhoun
out of the party.
Mr. CALHOUN' said he wa« happy to tmar the
remarks of the f-nator from Virginia. Fie [Mr.
Archer] had on'ginalhy been a rigid State Righ's
man, and his remarks had cheered him with the
hope that he had not entirely abandoned his or.ee
cherished principles. He was in hopes that when
the Senator was called uoon to vole upoi the ques-
tion of a funded deb', the Bank, (he tariff, and dis-
tribution, he would prove by his votes that this
hope was not altogether unfounded. For no one
was more full/ aware than th ¡t Senator that these
nre the ver.- question- on <■. hich the State Rights and
*h  Consolidation pnty t i.gr_i- My divided f-t the
first formttion of the Gov nun-.i'; asi if he ^e-e
now to vote for them, v would lie nroe'conclusive
that he had deserted the S.ate ll g'o's sdam'ard, and
Ir at the ts-umpUon of the authority t" f.eciee an
expulsion fioni th- pr.r'y, was ali-ur ¡.
He would not un.:e-uVca formal reply to the
remarks of i'rc Set.a'o,-, tr.s hi  oljeet originally was
not ío tir¡d:ca:e h-"-ro'^«e in ¡he cate aim Jed to,
b'?t simply t'i .'tat-' 'he ground- on which, he had
¡lu't'd; but he wo;!! say that n? Geua'or, m
a'scrting tbr.i he (&'r. C.) h.vl ín-iutiiueil the
dectrine ¡hat the irctiy p'.wer v/?.s unhtnlitd, Wits
utterly mistake.!. On she contrary, he believed
it was subject n mé.ny important limitations, to
some of which !>fi had referred in bis former re-
marks. Nor did he assert cr iutimate that the
treaty power was not a delegated power. It was
expressly delegated; as much so as ihe law-mak-
ing power—the one to Congress and the other to
the President and the Senate. The difference be-
tween them, on which he >-ested his vote in the
cace of the Caraccas was, that the objects of the
treaty-making power are not particularly enume-
rated and spec,fied like these of the law-making
power, for the reasons he assigned when he had
before alluded to the subject. And all that he
maintained was, tint Congr ss, when called upon
to act on subjsct« eonnee'ed with the foreign rela-
tions of the country, was not subject to the same
rigid restiietinn a? it was when ncing uoon home
question', and as an evdence that such w?.s ihe
imiiession of thosi.- who vo.ed the donation to the
snti'erers from th? ear'hquake at Carzcra> thought
wt'h him, he m,gn* refer to the fací, ir. n the a."t
passed who the iwnimous vote of the Housf, an 1
a-iiong others w.'h mat if Mr. Macon, End  m:r,y
who, like hir-,  \v<
constructor, of ihe
In cone! ision, He
re rem?tkible tor
;\m,-tiiu,ion.
\voi:!d   tell
naid
Setn-tor that
r-;hing rejoice'! him mo"-- .han at fi./híis any of
n¡s frier.ds rushit.g 'lie!" 'hate E.ghlspih'.cipier. b'-
s ond his own. So iar n-m being vex-.d, he wou'd
be "lad of many more jasiancesnf the kind.
Mr. AitOLl.-;R replied further to Mr. Calhoun,
and concluded hv observing tha' his cpinrii- aed
voles on the virions t.ipics speafn-d ty he Sena-
tor f.ora South Carolina, would bstxpirv-d oa
the prop r oceasi m.
Mr. T/ALICER, srhd   th!;   buffer wli>,Ue
rh "hi ■' ii", h-n-.p™ be'o derourced as a veoid-..
(pn--tita;ioni he fel; constrained io rep.y ;o
the   arriumt-nts  wh ch   ha i  b.'-.i   voeyd
adop ion.    The   l;.te   President  hav rz
the year succeeding   h.s  elertior, and
tion of the saiary for  th?t  year  navios
this bill permitted his ttíc-jw to receive
Now u'
some rt
aey.inst i
dic-ddtii|i
but ap"
bern pat
the remaf«i3er of the salary unp
ft-tis bill were repugnan'.
for that y-3i.
to  the Cons'itc-
tion, tbef Congress have v.olated that instrument
every year since its adoption.   There was not a
session since 1789 at which one or both Houses of
Congress had not adopted measures similar in prin-
cple to this.    The whole system of pensions, of
extra allowances for services, civil or military,
after those services were performed, special grants
of money to the widows and orphan children of
distinguished officers in the army and navy, of the
Revolution, and of the last war, the augmentation
of salaries so often made to take effect retrospec-
tively, and cover a part of the year that was past,
the additional allowance uniformly voted at the
close of each session of Congress to the cleiks and
officers of each House, the sums voted  to defray
the  funeral expenses of deceased members, the
salary for the whole session always voted  to the
family of  the officers   of either   House   dying
during  the   session    in    our   service,   were  all
violations   of the Constitution if  this  bill were
repugnant to that instrument.    At the very last
sessi'-n, had we not voied the full saiary for the
entire term, and five hundred dollars besides te the
family of our deceased Sergeaut-al-Arms?   Had
we not done this unanimously, after hearing the
appeal made in favor of the bill by my distin-
guished friend on the other side of  the House
[Mr. Weight ]   And now Mr. W. would desire
to know how his friends, who had voied for that
measure, could  denounce this as unconstitutional.
Mr. W.   was no spec,al fiiend of the pension sys-
tem; lie had vot d against its extension at the last
se:-sion, out he would desire to know what was the
difference   between  cons'itutional   principle,   be-
t"«ea * peni-i-.n for military and civil services.
Mr. W. had i.o doubt it was highly inexpedient to
a.'oet a fy-lesi of petitions for civil services,  but
v.hat clause of the Cotjsi'ution discriminated be 
tween pensions for civil or military services? Mr.
W. repeated, that he had voted against the exten-
sion of the military pension system at the last ses-
sion, yet he was greatly surprised that some of his
werfby Democratic friends, who then voted for that
measure, denounced this bd! as unconstitutional.
They saw, it seemed, nothing unconstitutional in
pouring out annually millions of the public trea-
sure under the provision of the bill in favor of
those who had rendered no service, but this bill
they   could   not support.    The  late   President
had   rendered   some   service   as Chief   Magis-
trate,   for   which   he    was    entttitled   to  some
compensation,   and   although   this could  not be
increased   while   he   was   m  office,   yet, when
he was no more, Congress  might fix a fair value
upon those iervtces,*and pay the sum to the family
of the deceased.   Surely no oae could pretend that
this was a violation of ihe Constitution;  and if
others who were in favor of this bill chose to place
their vote upon grounds thit were untenable, was
that any reason why Mr. W. should rote against
the bdl?   Tnat the bill  was perfectly constitution-
al, ne had t*o doubt, and j tstice aud equity seemed
'o demand l*.    Congre 5 had granted ihe President
a larae -alary he cause te 'vas requited, by his po-
Mticn, to teccrve and ea'ectai.  his fellow citizens
of ah part.es  ..;,   .-ell as  the íepresentatives of fo-
reign p'-«.'er-.    '-hw   we   ah know that the   ex-
pet, sts of a ne-' jL'iesidei',at and immediately suc-
ceeding his  inauguration,  and  in preparing, after
hi> olec'ion, 'o üssutaefais station, were necessarily
much gicier than at any other period of his term.
Keuce, f'-en, althourh the salary m-ght be  ade-
e.iaie "hen received drrin- the entire tcrm.yet, when
the incumb;:)t died wi'T.n a month aftcrhts inaugu-
ration, who cou'd say that the few hundred dollars
which he hid -ec ivéd w.-uH  make any approach
-.oi', s-ds d?f.-.iy;ni the expenses actually  incurred
diTi"g thai period.    Wa1- it, <her., becoming a just
a'id li'i trous us.; ion to devolve the1-?, expenditures
lioo-, iheir Chief Magistrate, cal'ed by ihemselves
¡"i om 'T ír-metit to euebatge 'he tint.BS of his high
strtirm, and then to  avail l^emscive ; <[ the acci-
dfit oí'h.s t'ea'h within a month aher hir. inaugu-
ration, to devolve a heavy i ebi upon an  .-ffiheted
famih', perhaps already poor, for expendiiurss in-
curi'-d in h.s countr> 's seme*'!   Mr. W\ cu'jld not
think so, and he v, as sure that Uie just and gene-
rous feelings of a vast majority of bos coniiituents
of n!l patties wcu'd   sus am him  in the vote he
,-bouíd give in favor of this bill.   This was not
