114                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr Roosevelt said he h*d not treated the gen-
ii  man as ¡he gentleman had treated him lie had
not been here before—his colleague had There-
fore, he thought that he was entitled t > the little
additional courtesy due to juniority, and the indul-
gence usually extended to a maiden effort.
If it were truawhat he (Mr R had laoored un-
der a mania against monopolies, hi-, col eagtte had
labored under a mama m their favoi. H¡s col-
league was a perfec' mosopolist—he did not wr-h
for any distribution—he was a monopolist from
the title cage t)-4ie finis, he was f r enzross-
mg all credit on all subjects, and would not endure
a single rival near the throne. Well, I will not
take away a scintilla of the glory which encircles
his h¿ad
as to ihe resolution which has called forth this
unprovoked attack (said Mr. B ) I did not profess
to be its lather. The gentleman, I rather think,
may have offered here some things fiat he is no
more father to than I. The language, I admitted,
was taken from the werk of a distinguished mer-
chant of Boston. I ro'e to propose it, because it
corresponded with my own ideas, and was in con-
formity, likewise, as I well knew, with the opinions
of a large number of my cons ltuents of both po-
lical pames I ask, did it come with a good grace
—with an air of kindness—from my venerable
colleague—to rise in h's place, when I ha<l injured
nobody—had, on the contrary, sedulously endea-
vored to avoid offending any body—and Mise his
"crowbar to demolish a mosquito?" Probably he
may retort upon me, and say that he raided no
crowbar, and refer to the first part of his speech in
proof it Well, sir, it is but comment versus
comment
As the gentleman has accused me of a mania on
the subject of the currency, let me allude to a mo-
tion made by him m the early part of the session
He came here (ull of it—we all saw that he was
full of it Not content with the appointment of
ihe ordinary standing committee--, he then got up
a little ont of order, and moved that the House
appoint a Select Committee on the Currency For
what purpo e? That he might be appointed the
rhairman of i', and, with his satellites around
him, u^her into the House his glorious project of a
Nat onal Bank, which the House, hi wever, not
appreciating its mrus, refused to prir-t This was
admoutton enough.
But I must offer an apology to the House for
what I h«ve ¡.aid 1 ha 1 intended, du mg thi.  ses-
sion, to avoil all pergonal criticism < a the c nduct
of any gent'enun here or eKewheit. Itimk it
eit relv out of p'ice I was d spo e I to carry on
the buuness of the Hou->e—being < n humble mem
tier of ihe legislative iamtly—m peace All ang y
and <xcuuig con'ro eisrj dis u b the p¿ssions,
a'id, a^ a consequence, ps-rvert the judgnent I
am, I admit, opposed to all the Uaurg measures
(or whici this session of Congress was originally
convened, but I ought not, on that account to be
treated with rudeness. 1 now take m} seat, mere-
ly remarking, in conclusion, that there was not the
slightest justification for the gentleman'-, unpro-
voked attack                        "
Mr DAVIS t f New York desired to say a few
words against the motion to lay on the table Bat
while his observations would apply particularly
against tint, he would extend them generally
ag-nnst the course which had been indicated as a
guide to the business of ihe House duung the pre-
sent session of Congress. There appeared to be
a design to suffer only a given limited anount of
measures to be brought forward, concealing from
the public eye the great scope and compass that
wa« designed by the political leaders—the entire ag-
gregate of what tne dominant party intended to
bring out and tofasten upon ihe country. He en-
tered his protest against any such limitation and
concealment, as unwise, disingenuous, pnd unfair
to the country at 'arge
Here Mr D was called to oiaer by the
Chair. The subjecis to be taken up during the
pressent session were not now before the House,
but simply a question of reference
Mr- DAVIS replied that his object was
to reason against giving the resolution of his col-
league any oiher direction than 'h&t indicated by
Ihe mover
The CHAIR said that it would be order
Mr. D thought it right to urge this, by consi-
derations growing out of the manner of shaping
the busmes* of the session generally
The CHAIR reminded Mr D tiat the ques-
tion of reference was a very narrow one
Mr WARD hoped his colleague would be per-
mitted to proceed without mterruptien it was his
first effort on'this floor.
Mr DAVIS then reamed He objected to this
1 railed act'on of thf Hou?e at this session. Sj
far as he was acquainted with the public sentiment
of the countty in reference to that matter, and with
the course of public events, the expectation of the
country from that House was a full, frank, gene
rous-and manly disclosure of the entire aggregate
of measures it proposed to go into, and which
were to be brought upon the nation by the party in
power He protested against all concealment—
all keeping back And why? Because, by ex-
hibiting only a few measures at a time, a party
might obtain power that never would be conceded
to them could Ihe country see their whole hand.
A generous and magnanimous majority would not
seek to practise on a minority this course of policy,
they would not ask them to vote blindfolded on
measure after measure piecemeal as they were
disclosed He was one who did not believe it
would be possible, at this session, to get through
with any one of the great measures which had
been referred to by gentlemen as likely to occupy
the attention of the House. Let gentlemen, at all
events, bring out the whole, in length and breadth
When this disclosure had been made, then let
them go home and consult with their constituents,
and sse whether ihey approved of the plan of
operation. He believed there was some little
amount of patriotism and of wisdom without the
walls if this Capitol, and that Members of Con-
gress needed -ome aid from conferring with iheir
neighbor , though they might be humble indivi-
duals
Mr D saiJhe would urge the proposed refer-
t nee of the resolution for another reason, viz
that Lie late Presidential election had not been de
cided on any on e issue before the people—there
had been a ihousand issues pre ented to them.
Mr D was here again reminded by the Chair
(bat his remarks were irrelevant
Mr WARD I do hope maf my colleague
may b^allowid to proceed There is no business
for the House to attend to, and ihat being the case,
this gentleman n.ay as well be heard as ¿ay
other
Mi D was Ihen permitted to proceed, and was
about to show thit the recent election hid not
turned on any one pirtidular point, when several
voices weie again heard calling "urcer "
Mr D said, as it appeared he could not go on
ana hive ihe latitude taken by member of the
majority, ht wi uld skip that subject He then
argued that 'he resolution of his colleague ought to
go the Committee on the Judiciary, because the
position; of the Pres dent of the United States de-
manded that Congress should proceed slowly and
with great caution. This was due to a man who
had been unexpectedly placed by the providence of
Almighty God in a high and respensible station
The President was not responsible for the calling
of Ci ngress, and it was. due to him to allow him
time for deliberation.
The call to "order being here resumed, Mr. D.
took his seat
Mr BARNARD desired to say a few words in
reply to the remarks of h s colleague, [Mr Roose-
VELf ]
Mr B. said the remarks he had made would be
recollected by tne House, and he held ihat they had
been perfectly courteous There hact not been a
word, an expression, an insinuation, an muendo
even, which any gentleman—with the fe«ling and
character of a gentleman—he should suppose, could
take an exception to. If thtre was, (said Mr B )
I shall be glad if any gentleman will tell me in
«hat. What was the course of my remark^
They were strictly m order, and direci'y to the
quesuon before the House, namely, whether the
resolution of my colleague ought to be sent to any
committee or not And what was the argument I
urged why it should not be referred to either? Does
not the House remember? Did I not set out by
saying that I was glad my colleague had had an
opportunity to speak on his favorite topic? Was
there any thing disrespectful in that? Did it argue
any disrespect to express my joy that his constitu-
ents might have an opportunity to know that he was
doing his peculiar duty, -ss probably they think it,
this being a subject on which the city of New York,
or some portions of it at least, are mad, stark mad?
Living as he dors m New York, and belonging, as
I understand him to belong, to a party there which
is opposed to all corporations, was there any disre-
spect to my colleague to intimate that that being a
mania among his constituents, he was himself a
little touched with it? No, sir, no. I did argue to
show that he must have introduced his resolution
from a desire to make a speech, but I said at the
same time that I was glad he had done so, and that
I had listened to his speech with pleasure, which
was true.
The gentleman talks of my mak'ng an attack'
In what? Is it a thing so very unusual for gentle-
men in th s House to offer resolutions with the very
purpose of making them an occasion for offering
their sentiments on important subjects before this
House and ihe country' That this was disre-
spectful to the gentleman never entered my heart.
I argued to show that he could not be serious in
his desire to send this subject to a committee, be-
cause the committee had it already, and that, there-
fore, his motion must have been made sjmply for
the purpose of introducing a speech. What was
my argument' He, knew that this subject was be-
fore the Judiciary Committee He Anew that his
resolution, as at first drawn, proposed to take it
away from that commi tee and give it to the Select
Committse on the Currency, but he then modified
the resolution so as to send the subject to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary Did he not know that the
entire subject, with all that rela'ed to it, was at
that moment before the Judiciary Committee?
That it had been referred to them by the House?
And that they were preparing to bring in a bid
upon it? He did know it, for he is hume1! a mem-
ber of the comm ttee If his object was really to
bring up this question of the application of a bank-
rupt law to banking corporatioi s, why did he not
himself propose it m committee? Or why did he
not apply to me to call that committee together,
that they might hear and consider his views upon
the subject? Did he not know that I would have
have done so with pleasure' Especially a* I knew
tnesutj-ct tobe be'ore the c mmiitee Yet, in-
stealot thai, he r scs and offers lis resolution in
this House I argued, ih-refore, and I argue still,
that he cou'd have had one object, and one object
rnly, in view, namely, to m^l e a speech upon his
favorite topic. I may do my colleague «justice,
but I take him to belong to a party that is against
every thing in the shape of a corporation And is
Were any disrespect in this? Yet he makes my re-
marks the occasion of a retort, and of a direct and
personal at'ack upon me
After some turther remarks to the effect that the
remarks of Mr R were better suited to Tammany
Hall, he «aid, the gentleman ?a)s I moved a select
committee on the currency' Well, I plead guilty
to the charge But he says I did so with the ex-
press view of getting mvself appointed chairman
of that committee    The fact is false.
Mr ROOSEVELT I charged it as a fair in-
ference from an established usage of Ihe House,
that whenever any gentleman moves the appoint-
ment of a select committee, he i% as a matter of
course, made chairman of that committee. I ask
my colleagua if he does not know that, and if he
did not know it at the time he mo/ed the appoint
ment of the select committee'
Mr BARNARD said he would not cavil, but
come to matters of fact. He said the charge had
been publicly made Whi'e the proposition for a
select committee on the currency was -still pending
before the House, (said Mr. B ) on my motion, the
Speaker will bear me witness that I sought an in-
terview with him, and took the liberty to suggest
who th$ man was m the House to whom this com-
