CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
110
mittee, in my judgment, belonged as chairman.
And that was the very gentleman whom you, sir,
(theSpeakei,) have placed at the head of it, (Mr.
Sergeant ) Now, is not the gentleman from New
York ashamed of himself for making such a charge
before this House and this nation?
[Mr. Roosevelt.    Not in the least ashamed ]
Mr. B. No. I need not have applied to my
colleague under the expectation that he would be
ashamed. I know my colleague; I know him to
be possessed of many excellent and amiable quali-
ties. I have known him m the intercourse of pri-
vate life, and I hope to know him again. I al-
luded to his belonging to a party which, I again
say, is, on the subject of corporations, absolutely
mad. He has now retaliated: it is nut for me to
determine the course the House is to pursue as to
the resolution. I merely state that the subject to
which it relates is already before the Judiciary
Committee; and I now conclude by renewing my
motion to lay the resolution on the table
Mr. BREWSTER demanded ihe yeas and nays;
which were ordered by the House.
Mr. BARNARD, on request, withdrew his mo-
tion; when
Mr. ROOSEVELT observed that he should not
prosecute the subject further; not, however, be-
cause he was in the least afraid of the gentleman
from New York, or at all ashamed of any thing he
had said. He wished the gentleman to under-
stand that his sole reason for not replying, was the
urgent request of several of his friends to take up
no more time.
The question was then put, and the resolution
agreed to.
CASE OF McLEOD.
The following resolution offered yesterday by
Mr. J. G. Floyd, was then taken up for conside-
ration:
Resolved, That therrebidentof theLmted States be lequest
ed to inform this House whether any officer of the ai my of the
United States has, since the 1th of Match last, been duected to
visit the State ot Isew "York for anypuipose c mnected with
the imprisonment or trial of Alexander McLeod, and, if so, to
communicate to this House copies of the instructions to, and
report of, buch officer
Mr. J G FLOYD wished to state, m few
words, his object m offering this resolution. It
was well known, both in the House and out, and,
indeed, the fact was communicated to us in the
documents accompanying the Presidí m's message,
that the trial of Alexander McLeod was expee'ed
to have taken place at Lockport, m the State of
New York, on ihe 22d day of March last. We
are also informed by the documsn's accompanying
the message of the President, that the Secretary of
State of the United States, on the 15 hday of March
last, despatched the Attorney General of the United
States to attend that trial; and m his letter of in-
structions to that officer, we find, among other
things, the following-
"Having consulted with the Govemor,(of New \ ork,) you will
proceed to Lockpoit or wherever else the tnal ma} be liolden,
and furnish the pn^onei s counsel with the evidence of which
youwillbempnsses íonmateiial to his defence you will see that
hehaveslalful and eminent counsel, if such he notalleadyie
tamed, and although you aie not desired to act as counsel yum
«elf, you will cause it to be signified to him and to tht. gentle
men who may conducthis defence, thatit isthe wish of this Go
vernment, that in case his defence be overruled by the coui t in
which heshdll bt. med, pioper Mops be taken to immediately
for removing the cause by writ of eiroi to the Supreme Comt
of the United States '
The Governor General of Canada, in his mes-
sage to the Provincial Parliament, on the 15th ids'.
speaking of ihe arre«t of McLeod, states that—
«'No time was lost bv the Executive of thiiProvince in le
roonstiating against this proceeding and pi ovision was made for
insuring to the indiv dual the means of defence, pending the
furthei a«tioa of her Majesty's Government"
Although, said Mr. F it appears that the Go-
vernor General of Canada, and tie Secretary of
State of the United State- , appear to nave acted in
concert in affording McLeod ihe means of defence,
I do not, at this time, complain of lhat, nor do I
propose,) now to examine the diplomatic negotia-
tion on this subjec . But there were other cir-
cumstances attending the action of the General
Government, which were calcula'ed to, and which
have caused much feelmg among the people of
New York The public press, and lhat without
distinction of party, informs as that a distinguished
officer of the United States Army was, ako, by the
Executive, directed to attend at the time and place
appointed for McLeod's trial. It is for information
m relation to this extraordinary circumstance that
the resolution asks. It is natural and tight too that
we should be jealous of this apparent interference
of the national Executive with the action of our
local courts of justice, and I hope that the infor-
mation furnished may tend to allay the feelings
of indignation which exist on this subject.
Mr. INGERSOLL offered the following amend-
ment to the resolution; which Mr. Floyd accepted
as a modification
"Insert aftci the words 'officer of the army' the words 'or the
Attorney General,' and after the words 'Alexander McLeod'
the words 'and whether, by any Executive measures of
correspondence, the British Government has betn given
to understand that Mr McLeod will be released or surren
dered'"
Mr. TRIPLETT suggested to Mr. Flotd fur-
thei to modify his resolution, by inserting af'er Ihe
words "inform this House," the words, "if not
incompatible with the public intere«t "
Mr. FLOYD accepted the modification.
Mr. INGERSOLL then, at great length, ad-
dressed the House m support of the resolution. A
full report of his remarks will appear as early as
practicable.
Messrs. ALFORD and CUSHING followed m
reply, the latter having the floor when the hour of
adjournment arrived.
IN SENATE,
Friday, June 25, 1841.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
citizens of Salina, New York, and from citizens of
Green county, New York, in favor of the passage
of a general bankrupt law, which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial of citizens
of New Orleans, and a memorial ot the Chamber
of Commerce, m favor of ihe passage of a gene-
ral bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. B aKo presented a memorial from the New
Orleans ChamDer of Commerce m favor of a Na-
tional Bank; which was ¡aid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of mer-
chante, manufacturers, and traders, asking that if
Congress passes a bankrupt law, it may be pro-
spective m its operation, which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from ci-
tizens of Baltimore, m favor of a general bankrupt
law; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial
fromctizens of New York, m favor of a bankrupt
law, prospective and permanent m its provisions;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memoria1 from citi-
zens of Dah'onega, remonsira'mg against the re-
moval of the Branch Mml at that place; which was
laid on the tabl 
Mr. BERRÍEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill for the esta-
blishment of a general bankrupt law, reported the
same with an amendment.
Mr WOOD BURY submitted the following ref-
lation tor consideration:
Resolved Ttut the Sec.eU y of the Treasury be
requested tc furnish theS'iiate wnh a copy of any
authonty he may have rec ived from ihe President
of the Umt"d States bince the 31 day of March last,
to advance money to collectors or any disbursing
agen's, an ¡er which he has made advances since
.he 3d day of March last, out of any of the new
appropriations passed at the last session of Con
gress Also, thai h  state the amount of advances
made out of the Treasury since the 3d day of
March last, whether with or without such au-
thority
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Tne resolut'on submitted by Mr. Buchanan,
some days since, requesting the President to fur-
man the nam's of persons removed from office
since the 4'h oí March last, was taken up
Mr. McROBERTS continued  his remarks in
favor of the resolution, until the Chair announced
the termination of the morning hour
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATES
The bill to incorporate the subscribers to the
Fiscal   Bank  of the   United  State   being an-
nounced—
Mr. CALHOUN observed that he had a few
words to say before the bill was taken up, in rela-
t.on to an expression of opinion made by him yes-
t rday on a collateral topic, introduced by the Se-
nator from Kentucky in his remarks, explanatory
of his new Bank bill. He understood the Sena-
tor's assertion to be, substantially, that the Bank
party m the United States was stronger than the
Whig party, and that many of the Republican
party were openly for it, and not a few secretly so
in their hearts, 'though they did not avow it. He,
(Mr. Calhoun-,) in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky, had stated that, as far as his informa-
tion extended, he understood the case was entirely
the reverie of that which appeared to be the im-
presión in the Senator from Kentucky's mind.
Mr. CLAY. I really do not see that this is the
time to discuss that point. I rise to a question of
order, sir.
Mr. CALKOUN hoped the Senator from Ken-
tucky would see the fairness of allowing the mi-
nority to rebut, with the information at their com-
mand, any erroneous impressions thrown out in
his introductory speech. He had himself stated an
impression which had now gone abroad, and would
be taken a? a fact; and all that he (Mr. Calhoito)
desired was, to let the impressions ot others, of an
opposite nature, also go abroad. What right had
the Senator now to shut out a counter statement,
to one he himself had slipped out of ihe way to
make?        *
Mr. CLAY. Surely the Senator from South
Carolina will not dispute my right to rise to a ques-
tion of order? The Senator is discussing a matter
entirely out of order. I must insist on my right to
call the question of order.
Mr CALHOUN said he did not intend that the
question of order should be raised with him. He
had asked the courtesy of the Senate to make a
statement in relation to a question which grew out
of the subject now before the body.
Mr. CLAY insisted on his right to make the
que<tion of order.
Mr. CALHOUN. Very well. I can make the
•statement the first opportunity afforded me of ad-
dressing the Senate.
Mr. GRAHAM hoped the Senator from South
Carolina would be permi'ted to proce<d, and that
ihe Senator from Kentucky would withdraw his
point of order.
Mr CLAY withdrew his opposition, and
Mr CALHOUN taking the floor, said that as
far as he had had an opportunity since yesterday
of converging with gentlemen from North  Caro-
lina, he had learned that the impression there is
the reverse of that which the two Senators fiom
the State conceive it is in relation  to a National
Bank.   He (Mr. C) had yesterday said, in an-
swer to what had fallen from the Senator from
Kentucky, that, instead of the Bank party being
stronger than ihe Whig party, many  of the latter
were opposed to a National Bank, and the Repub-
lican party v ere almost to a man against it.   The
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] de-
nied that this was tae case in his State, and his
colleague [Mr. Graham] agreed with him in the
denial     This had induced him (Mr. C ) to make
some inquiry, and the result of it was, that a Re-
pitsentative of the State, who had very recent ge
neral information relative to the state of opinion
in North Carolina, had assured him that the Sena-
tors [Mr. Mangijm and Mr. Graham] were greatly
mistaken in ^supposing that the Bank party was
stronger theie than ihe Whig party. One gentleman
^ho is oppo e\ to the Bank party, says he does not
know a Republican in his district tha. differs from
him in opinion on lhat subject. In fact, it had been
made a test question m the Congressional district
in which the two Senators reside; and, as he un-
derstood, the represen'ative elect bad put the issue
on lhat of Bank or no Bank; on which he received
a laige majority of votes    In another district, he
understood, if the vo'e was now  taken on the
question of Bank or no Bank, the majorny against
it would be from two to three hundred stronger
than his own vote; and this he believed would be
found to be the case in many other districts of the
