CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
rous departure from any ti m% that had ever been
done befóte from the commen-ernent of the Go-
vernment Nothing like it, from the close of the
Revolution, in 1783, to ihe present day. Those
powerful auxii ríes in favor of c'amis, preredcnts,
had been Bought far a.'id near, but they we/e not
analogous. Even the}, to bin surprise, were with-
out lu.'ion'y and wnhout weight, although he had
no doubt fiat morí oibgent search might have pro-
duced th ¡n. I* was c'early and undeniably tlie
first departure, tad one, let him say to geiitlem n,
which wouid, «it Erme ¿u ure day, fill ihe pages of
&blsck Dook m this conntn, such as that from
which the Senator from M.ssoun [Mr. Bbkton]
read yesterday; a black bo k granting r¡vi¡ pen-
sions, wniCi , ifom t'.,e wugh: oí tax°s imponed m
any country, wc aid inevitably send the day
laborei supperle s to bed. He begged hio friend
from Mi«sjssiopi not to believe that this was no
daogrruuspreceden; because General Harriton is
the fir-t P esiden who has o>d in office. In this
country we have not reached the day wtie-n we ac-
knowledge, in such matters, dis mciions of place
or rank. It you pass this b 11, you ¿re aa.annzed,
and yon ought, upon like itipu/ses, and ike princi-
ples, to jrantsim Jar retí f to me huniulest wi ow of
the humblest clerk M joui civil departments, and
the case wouJd probably be mfini ely strotgrr, s-o
far as you are to leg.*'ate upon those noble im-
pulses common to «sail But he was d'pait ng
again from the purpose f"r which he rose, which
was one of illustration, not of argument
In reply to his honorable colleague that this
would be a dangerous ^recedeii, the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berrihj] had said that the sa're ar-
gument was urged a«*>¡íist Evolutionary pensions
This allusion, he coníe sed, s'ruck him with great
force. That Senator, if seemed 'o him, co tl 1 not
have been apprized oí Ins progress ot Rcvclu-
tioaary pensions. Id> ros  r.u Jto? ate tvaat that
progie^s had been, ar.d to >'ioiv ircm history, from
legislative act'on, from documentary evidi-rc", the
danger whic'i niiisi ínevnibiy an e from a list of
pensions for civil service. Be could not adduce
more conclusive evidence that he tcok h s stand
upon punciple in this ease, ihan-by adverting to
his course near the cUse cf the last si ¡  on of Con-
gress, when a bill frem the House of Representa-
tives, extending the law of 1838, was under con-
sideration. With a single exception, he stood
alone among the members fiom New England in
resisting the passage of that law. With a 1 his
feelings and sympaihi's tn'i.ted for those who im-
mediately or remotely were connec ed with thatglo- 1
nous struggle—h mse'f ihe son of a man vsho was
a private m the bat'Ie oí Bunker Hill, and ^ho
served from that clay to tLe elote of tne Revolu-
tion—he was co-npalled, by steal convictions of
duty, to resist that bill He thought he saw in the
silent but rapid advance of this pension s}stem, the
approach of that opptession m this country which
was proved by tae black bo"k to exi*t m England,
in consequence cf rhe enormous, and sti'l increas-
ing military and civil pension list. He took th?
stand then, which he was prepared io maintain be-
fore his people—i roble and generous people—a
working peojL—i thinking peop'e, v,ao know that
the fruits ot thru dany hbor ought not to be
poured cut into the iap of afflaence, either for mili-
tary or civil services—a people, masses of whom
had served their country m the field for yeais, and
who, appealing to thtir o.vn heaits, believe tnat a
man cannot do too much for the privileges he en-
joys.
But to the fact winch Ue Senator from Geor-
gia referred to, for the purpose of al'aymg
all alarm about the influence of precedent. The
Senator said the suae alarm wa3 sounded
m the early mstory of military pensions.
What was that histotj1 What lesStrnUJ if
¡each? He had rcwoa to refei to it parti-
cnlarly during t'-e last s^Sion of Congress; and he
would repeat, to some extent, V/ba' he theii said.
The firs' law graotu g pens'ons to Revolutionary
soldiers, irdependent ci rvahl pensions, was that
of 1818, thirty-live year  after die close of .he Ri-
volution.
Such was ihe rerugnanee of out father  toa
pennon sys em    Tney knew whithei H tended—
where it mu-t, m the md, eventuate. If gentle-
men would 'ake the trouble to look at thefirot act,
they would see the ground upon which it was
placed—the arguments upon which it was urged—
tervce and loss—rot service alone. S.r, ihat was
not then regarded ós a sufficient ground to esta-
blish this fearful preceden ; but loss, absolute in-
debtedness, was urged, and truly urged, by its ad-
vocates They were the continental sold.ers of the
Revolution—'he men «ho really fought the bat-
tles, encountered the hardships and the privations
of Ihe Revolution; and received nothing for it, ex-
cept wor'hlf-ss. rag-; lor (heir country was bank-
rupt m money, but not, as be sometimes was
almost induce 1 to think was the case now, in patri-
otism, Th«-y were the men tvho were at Mon-
mouth, as stillwpter, with Starke at Bennington, at
the capture ot OornwalUs, a'the h"!es dug in the
earth at Newbury, th y were vith Sumter and
with Marion; the men, in a word.who acmeved the
Revolution, and got nothing for it; and, on this
ground, was the ¡ ens on granted
What said the patrots of that dav? What said
thi" sasa i ms statesmen who w re then f miliar
wt'h the British pensnn laws, their commencement
a'id ih ir prtgress.' They sad, most ot (hem,
wnai he (Mr. P ) said now, that that act, in and
of Uself, wab jusi and right, but they said just and
right as it was, it was a fearful step, and one
portentous m lis probable consequences. The next
Siep would bo pensions for service without loss,
and 'hen there would be no limit. They ptedicted,
as m the spirit of prophecy, precisely what had
taken place, on!y they could not foresee, with the
notions that v.er" then enterta'net1, all that h?d
been realized. It would nave seemed, to a casual
ob eiver, for the sface of ten )ears, that these an-
nexations we"e idle, and ihe predictions not to be
fulfilled. In May, 1828, a most just an<3 sa'u'ary
law was piss<-d, tmoriun  th" same principle—
service and loss extending to all the officeis and
so'diers o' the Revolution, wheiher possessed of
proper'y or otherwise, who enhbted for, and served
to, the close of the war Some gentlemen, he be-
lieved hio honorable colleage, [Mr. Woodbpky,] for
he did not well remember, made a report upon that
bill.
The principle which the argument undertook to
sustain, and he thought did sustai-, was the indebt-
edness of the Government to those men The bill
was passed, but it embraced very few—the lar-
gest number, he believed, twelve hundred; but it
was placed upon the ground of a ela.m, and val d
c'aim, foi services and lo«s; services that had never
before received any remuneran in.
What said the 1< admg sagacious Democrats of
that day? Precisely what vas said before "Gen-
tlemen, y> u have sprung a new mine; you,gentle-
mcr, from New England, have found a new outlet
for this kind of pnronage. The ground upon which
you now place is tó specious, perhaps is tenab e, but
it will be aoandoned for other and broader ground "
Weie they correct? Tfke tb suggestion> ot the
Sena or frora Georgia, ?nd trace out the lu'Slment
of f>eir riedctcs—a fulfilment which he knew
had caused heavy d''bursercents to his (Mr. P's)
constituents, bu' he premraed had not enured
much to the advantage of the constituents of that
Senator. After a lapse of four years—in 1832—
what took place? Precisely that which was
clearly and definitively predicted in 1818 Tie
principle of non-payment—of loss, was aban-
doned, and mx months' milma service at the
close of the war m as many terms as might be ne-
cessary to m?ke up the time, was established it its
place. No State in th'S union had probably shaied
more Ian-'.'in that bounty, than that vh ch he
baa the honor in part to rtpre-ent. And to him it
was a scree of joy that they would reap the be-
nefit of l' through Ufe. But here'erred to it as one
cf tho<-e measures which in its remote results would
at seme future dav, through the weight of
¡axaron, cu-h fee laboring portion of our popula-
tion to the tdiih, or convulse the Union with a<5
erTo> t to escpe from the oppress on of rank and
cus e and privilege, upon the unprotected mas*.
W sat was th«- cou's° of the debate when that
'nil was pasved Hrhal hfidorcaMon.in thepos"ion
once assigned to b m m this body, (from tibien be
---------------------------                         .....—3C(=SS
was now happy to be relieved,) to examine it with
care; glorification ipeeches were made jost as they
were made now—appeals were made to that "high
arbiter," he meant the sympathies of gentlemen
and they were made successfully. He had no'
hesitation in saymg that had be ben a member of
Congress, he would probably have yielded to them,
for one principle of the original enactment was
still retained—Service. But here he took occasion
to say, that the men who were provided for by that
bill, (and it was due to h'story to say tl,) were ge-
nerally men whose services bore no comparison
with those wno were provided fir by the bill of
1818 Tney were not the men who took up arms
regardless of pay, and of all the consequences to
which the conflict might lead. They were men,
(there were, of coarse, mdiv dual exceptions, ho-
norable exceptions,) rarely upen the field of battle,
many of ihem never.
He said this in the^ace of that portion of the
soldiers of the Revolution who were still  living,
and appealed to diem for us truth.   They realized
at the time not only full and substantial pay, but
often large bounties.   Again: what said the oppo-
nents of the bill?   They admonished gentlemen of
•he departure they were making  Tuey declared that
the great feature of Ike indebtedness of the Govern-
ment was lost sight of, and  tnat senice alone was
substituted in its place.   The statement was cor-
rect, and a full justification for those men who
went for  the ir posterity, and not for themselves.
Tne bill, however, went through bo'h Houses of
Congress with a perfect rush—high, and  noble,
and patriotic feelings were appea'ed to—he feared
that he would hare yielded to ihem h mself, if he
had  had a -vote to cast.    There were   m'ereo s
enough, ai d  what he deplored was, that there
always    would   be    mteres's   enough   to   carry
such   measures.      V  hat   faid   the    true,    far
seeing friends  of  the  peop'e—of the tax payers!
What   said   tl.e    friends of   that  class   of   the
community,   who,   if   this pension system was
to   be   sanctioned  and   swollen   by  every  suc-
cetsjve Congiess, must inevitably be sent supper-
less to bed, by the weight of taxation?   Let not
gentlemen judge from the present; but let them look
at what had already taken place, and then cast a
glance forward to natural and inevitable results.
Let them look at the history of pensions and gra-
tuities in Europe.   Let them turn over the pages
of this black book, which he had seen for the first
time within  a few days.   It marked the progress
of the British pension system.    It was full of fact 
—full of instruction.   They said, you have aban-
doned loss; you have adopted service alone; and
the  next step will le to make pensioners of }he
widows of the men who performed the service. The
prediction provoked laughter, as the debates show.
He was sorry not to see the Senator who alluded
t® Revolutionary pensions, to allay the fears of
gentlemen on the score of precedent, in his seat.
Observe the progress, the brief space of four years
witnissed the fulfilment of what was regarded as
an absurd and idle prediction.   He need only refer
to the act of July 4,1836.   All widows of Revolu-
tionary solj.ers married before the last term of their
husband's service, were provided for. He, perhaps,
ought  to find no fault, the act gave (what is not
common) vastly more than ber proportion to New
England. The basis of that act—the argument upon
which it was justified—what was it?    Why, that
the wife at home, with the children, had suffered as
much as the husband in the field.   True, undoubt-
edly, and this, toa, would probably have had his
sanction; but it clearly abandoned the only princi-
ple left of the act of 1818—actual service. The end
was not yet.   No, it was in the dark vista of dis-
tant years.   Gentlemen at that time asked, as the
debates bore witness, "Is this to be the end of the
Revolutionary pension system?" The quest on has
since been answered  Only two years afterwards (m
1838) a bill was passed without a division in enher
House, granting full pensions to widows who were
so fortunate as w have married officers and soldiers
who served in that glorious conflict at any time
within ten years after the la-t gun m the Revolu-
tion was fired.    He was not insensible to the tact
that this might not be a popular exposition foi-
that poruoa of the country whence he came, ami
