%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xáí
feet Ihe g°ntleman talked, too, of th^ wa 'f of
public money on other occasions as authority f r
this. There was «omeihmg no e to be s*id abou
that, and it would be «aid ano aer ''me The
Senator from New Ter^ey had dwelt v ry elo-
quently on trie obligi on<5 of tne <\>ur ry to Gene-
ral Harr son He (Mr Smrc^ii) dm no' wo> lei
at a'l at the ren lemín it tv5- friends frel ng an-
dar great col ga oís to Genetal Harrison. He
knew th 1/ were T i> r*. never wps a man to v horn
they Tete so much nd bfpl They may thank
him for what bey never cov.' i hive obtained
without the u«e of his name Bu that «as not
th  queMic a now. The question 'vas, whether the
Democratic; party weie to be called upen to p"y
the bill of extravagance created by the gentlemen
thenr-elves. He would answei hat que t n by |
saying that he r ver would consent to nay one cent I
of i*                                                                          [
Tee question was tl a taken in the passage of i
thebil1  an I it   was do lied m  toe    % mative—
ayes 28 noes 3 6, av fjl'ow"                                     1
YEAS—-Me-srs Barrow, Bate-; Bayard, Ber-
rieD, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of K ntucky, 1
Claytor, Dixon, Kv w-, Oral 0-n, EI v i«io i
Mangum, Pie-rick, Mille' Morehe-tc, jr'rx'n ,
Por er, Prentivs, Prepon, Ri s, ¡¡¡mmon  Si h
of Indiana, Soutua'd, Tallmat ee, Walter, K?hi e,
and ^oodbndge—98
NAVa—Me^or  Alkn, Benton, Oh -iorn,Ohyof
Alabams>,FaitoD, 'Img, Lme, McRjoe-ts Pk ce,
Sevier, Smnh of Connection1, Sturgeon T.ipp;w,
Wnliams, Woodbu',, Wright, and Young—1G
FISCAL BAi\K OP THE UNITED SJATES
The bi'i to lncorpo'atp tv,e sus cribers *e the Fis-
cal Bank of the United Sta e , oetng 'he specal or-
der of the day was takf>n up
Mr. BUCHANAN housnt it fan to say t« the
friends of the bi 1 that he had intended to make
som  cur><iv rema/k* m reply to the s-e-rh of '^e
Senator from Ken tuc y, [Mr O ay,] Dutonfecv '
thoughts hi would forbe<r, and he v.ou d state that
he and his political friends wished the b' 1 to be read
through, and its friends to make si'-h amen imenis
as they thought proper, ana when they hid mad
it what they wished, the friends with whom he
acted would propose sueh amendment? and offer
such remarks as taey might think proper and ne-
cessary
Mr. CLAY acquiesced in the suggestion, deem-
ed it the best mode of proceeding.
The bill was then read by sections, and after
having been amended in several minor particulars,
such as changing the location of one or two of
the places where the books of the subscription are
tobe opened—limiting the number of -¡hates to
be subscribed for by any individual, company, or
State, to two thousand five hundred—no proxy to
give more than three hundred votes—no director to
hold his office for more than five years out of six—
forbidding any loan to be made on the pledge of
any public debt—limiting the sur? to be loaned to
Government or any State to one million of dolbi ,
unless sp-cially authonz«d by law—with some
olher verbal amendments—
Mr. HUN riNGTON moved to amend that part
of the 18 h section forbidding the issuing of any
note of ¡ess denomination ttian ten dolbrs Mr
H. spoke of the conveniences that would resalt if
the limit were reduced to five dollar. That was
the minimum fixed in all the other Government in-
stitutions, and it was supposed to best suit the pub-
lic convenience. He would suppose a person tra-
velling where there were no specie paying banks,
and there were many such m the country, did not
Senators perceive the írconvenience, not to say
loss, to which such persons miast be subjected if
the amount were not reduced to notes of the de-
nomination of five dollars?                              
Mr. CLAY was not particularly anxious on *ae
subject, ten dol ars was the amount which th? c m-
mittee thought best, but if the other was supposed
to better suit the public convenience, he wtuld not
object.
The question was taken on the adoption of thi^
by yeas and nays, and lost, as follow  •
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, CUy of Kentucky, Dixon, Evans, Hunting-
ton, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prent'ss, Prc-ton  Simmons, Smnh of Indi-  j
ana Til mads?, White,art. Wordtiidge—21           I
NAY3— Mt rs Allen Bajar', Benton, Bucha-
nan, Ca houi., Ciioote, O ay (i Alahama, Clavt v,
Fulton Giab m, B'n-'rr on, IC i , Lmu, Mou-
ton, Nichoi m Pi rce, Rivt -, Sp/ip Smith, f
Onoec'ri't S rgern, la pan ""'a ker, Wil
lianas, Woor,bu-y, W->gb,t, ard lour —26
The ftii h"r discuss on ^as then pi s poned
Tne S-mn'e took i rj thp j   nt resoluuon from t^e
House oí -Rí,pre°enta'ive\ ir re! tion to ¡he soiem
nst Pi to be ob erved in tne r movai of ii ■> jera^ns
of the 4atJ P  stdent of tb   IT' ned States
On v • nn f M cAYARO, the S i.ate fon-
curre 1 in ibp re oh'mn, an' a sei c'coram ttee
of five v«s d reeled to u dpp imed t\ tht Char
on th* part of P- Ser te, to vnue wi h net on tfap
ptrt of the H^use
And then adjourned till iV"n 'ay.
HOUSE 0^ RfiHPE'ENTATIVES,
PB'D>y J pc 25, 1841
Mr ADA "VIS, by oi¿ h nous cor ent, from the
S kU Commi tee appointed on '! • <;ubj ct of the
re iovrf.1 of the remai 1 of i> e late Pf ?idpn of thp
Ü    e   Sta ps, rcuortp ]   he folios ng re«o' > ions
Tie vhcl 1 ha on-i ur Uy nt.\t 1 !t -plliair^ nr Wilt «m
Ilr'iR'i K iJíison IUl Pre l Í he 1 11 "J SíatPí- leic
r1 vt,'            i it       i       i f u n( ü    f i c   i ~ M-^c of bff'l
II          of r  r             r       ti    (_   i-i   ,        i rj „■,   c,    ml
a a T'C  ri) an <• I I \      r   r      n i  ¡e ar' tp  If eninnlrou
01 n  t   lb    ireof Ic Pl«n        I <   1   11
/ p    i   1  T      ft  er   lie'ulti            jo jn,   igj      o nn
*n \tt   d^v nev'
Tnp re o utinn'; rrer u"an n a 1/ pdo(- d, and
were 'en  to thp Sera e * r corcurren
JVr BR GGrS sujmn ed to tit Chaii inat h„
sunpPS"d it would b  i frs'ood tna  die comuuttpe
already ?i"omted would be the mramitiee to
attend ¡he lemoval of ' le re na ns of t le iaie P.e
sident
, Th  SPE4KFR sa d h  mf^red ihat «¡uch was
I  the inte  i' n ( f tne i esolutton
Mr ADAMS was unde'^tood to "a\ such vas
the intention, but that it was a mauer with n tne
disposal of the Hiu^e.
The SPEAKER said that, by the leave of the
Hou'e, the Chair would c msider that the commit-
tee heretofore appointed should be t e comm tue
on the part of the House to carry out the object of
the resolution
Petitions and memcials wsie called for in the
order of S ates and Tern ones, and were presented
by the follpwmg members-
Mr GREIGofNpw York.
Mr TOLAND of Pennsyivama.
Mr POWELL of Virenia.
The committees were called m their order for re-
ports, but none were made
THE McLEOD CASE
Tne House resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing modified resolution, heie ofore offered by
Mr Flotd of New Yrrk
Resolved That the Pjfcsidtntoftho Tinted S ates Tie request
el to inform this House whether any officer of the -muy c r the
Attorney General o the t rtted States has since ttie 1th of Much
list be r dncctcUo vis t thf *• att ofNew \oik foi anvptn
po^e connee'ed with he írrniisnme t or t tat of Alexander
McLeod atil whetner o> an> Fxtcu ve lie su e^ (l cotre
spordenee the B li^hG \einne tt sbeenJi\ \tiit 5er tand
that Mr McLeod wt! 1 e release o su reo tere 1 a 1 it so to
communicate tothis Iliuse copie o¡ tiieins ruction^ to aidie
poitof, sueh officer
Mr CUSH1NG took the floor, in continuation
ot his remarks of yesteidav, and addressed the
Hsuse at great length "on the men s of this de
bate, as cornice ed wi h the attacks made in both
Houses of Consiess, m relation to this, point m the
foreign policy of the present Adm n oration."
Mr WISE said hecouid not susian the resolu-
tion in any aspect which it presented Negotia-
tions were pending, and we were too much in the
habit in this country of making diplonat c corres-
respondence public before negotiations were
brought to maturity By this means every man in
the nation was too frequently made a Secretary of
S ate to settle foieign affairs, and a b>a-.e 1 public
centiment was afforded the opportunity to constrain
o>* embarrass an enlightened Cabinet course of
conclusion Thea'option of ihis rp>o.uticn now.
might interfere with the action of both the co-ordi
nate departme t. of the Government—the Execu-
tive which is negotiating and the Judiciary, which
is deciding upon the case of McLeod
But, in the second place, the advocate of this
resolution [Mr. ¡ngessoíl] has put it out of my
poser, wer  I so di-po^ed, 10 vets tor it. tie
has accompanied its introduction with such a
cour e of rer?rls fha1 its adoption could not be
pon«,iderpd a any tbmg short oí an implied cen-
sure upo ¡ 'he p-e-pnt Sectetjrv of Sta'e for the
pos^tiuDS «huh h  has assumed in relation to this -
aT i Seeing ticmng to censure and every thing
to approve in the ccdi ct and correspendence of
both tne present 'tnd late Secretaries touching th.s>
w hoie c c, I t"tll avoid the l ast impl cation of
ihe c nsure wj.ich í cons'der mvo ved in an affirma-
tive vote i n this proposition Mr. Forsyth has
bepr a'tackea hv nobody, and therefore needs no
d fence What has Mr. Webster done in this
mat r nee the ronor ¿i,d interest ol the nation
ú«.vc ueei conft led to his care, to draw down upon
h m d'r=cti)r or r-direct!", the censure of this
P< u ¿i t¥r , sir, on t ie 12th day of March,
1841, Mr Pox, "in the name of the Brinsh Go-
vern ucrt,"demanded "the imrnei ta'e release of Mr.
Alexander McLeod.
No v what s'iould i "ve been the course of Mr.
W.. js'er, ptheiameot the Un led States'? The
rule to govern htm, i' ctuKes me, was to place his
dovf rument in the attitude and assuming the bear-
ing c fa nobk-mmded, generous, gallant man, con-
ocí us of h s own digm }, weight uf character, and
t oiv r of self redress w)¡e , ann'oached by another
man i any do ibtfal or ambiguous thape of peace
cr host 'it . Tie onty eiception to this rule
snoisld be ibat ¡t nation iriav be more slow to anger
ann ie e itm„n , ror paijili; in its temper, more
coi c twtirg at d foibear t g in its conduct and eor-
respon ene , ti a i an ipdividual in a personal
Quanel     Mr    Fox s  demand   Has  doubtful and
mbitu u= I s me3mng was either trrcgant and
(v ro-prmg, intenoing lo demand sometmng which
it"t h"V ihf law-s ot na ions nor our own peculiar
S i e and F der?í re'ations c mid allow, or it was
urgent only in demanrtirg what was dus under our
o*n 'a*s and the lawsol civilized nations, without
dwrspeet to the Government of the United States
or its constituted au aorities. Tne Secretary tefls
htm that us doubtful character "occasioned, with
the President, some h^sitat.on," and ihus lritimated
delicately that our Government was net insensible
to its own self respect and, as best comported with
that self-respect and a conscious dignity and gene-
rosity wh ch true greaínes^ always feels, very pro-
perly cho^e to construe this demand as intended to
be respec ful, and to be a demand only of what
was lawfully due—nothing more
In this the Secretary was very commendabiy
right He left it to a dandy dignity and a cockney
knigbtbood to ' flare up" upon a point of mere eti-
quette and punctilio, to "rage about nothing, and
get t otbing for its rage," and he rightly assumed,
against th" letter, it yon p ease, that Great Brtiavn,
in aJdressiig ¡he United Stales of America, could not
m<=an oherwise than to be decorous, respectful,
ana ,,u*t m her ¿f mands Tins was almost a mat-
ter ot tovise, quits a matter of coarse, un'esb gross
and palp b e haughty insult was Juried, which
could not be trooM without instant and indignant
rest tnent It was due to ourselves no less than
to G eat B'ltam, whom ve had taught to respect
us, to say, ' You, cannot pcsibly mean disrespect
to ws, o"- to demat d more than what you think law-
fully 'igh', and we will, therefore, respectfully ex-
amine yur claim, and proceed to dispense justice
to you " Tms eontse w as magn fying ourselves,
anil b httlmg the mightiness of Mr Pox It was
tru'y ' patronizing his wrath," and well, very welt
dona
Bat, in the second place, Mr. Webs er tells Mr
M Ik er thai if the demand of her Majesty's Go-
vernment meant moie—to require the Federal Ex-
ecnt ve to usurp judicial power, to interfere with
the course of municipal judicatures, to interrupt
j'istice m the forum, to obstruct the authority rf the
courts of the courts of law under criir i al or civil
process, or to violate the rights of the State cf New
York—it meant someihmg which could not " have
been expected" from either Gn/ernment, and
something "towktch tins Government cannot accede "
And this Government has not acceded to any such
demand.   Tüe President Cd mly  tells «s m his
