MA
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sen act of war: He should like to know, if there had
been a war, wh;n and where peace was concluded1?
Bat he denied that there had been any war; that
there had bpen any interruption oi the amity and
peace which existed between the United Stat s asd
Great Britain, or any th ng which would justify the
interposition of the General Government in the
ease of McLeod, or that should arrest the course
of justice in regard to him, and punhh him, ac-
cording to his deserts, if found guilty.   Looking to
all the circumstances of the case, ('ie Mr. G ) had
come to the clearest conclusion thai the Secretary
of State had no right whatever to interfere in the
matter.    Was not, he would a«k, Durlee killed on
the wharf at Schlosser, by a bullet having been
shot through his head?    And tins man M-Leod af-
terwards  boasted,  in the Siaie of New Yoik, that
be had killed a d~d yankee; and he was, a short
timeafier this, taken up on ¡¡is charge of murder.
Well, supposing him to be convict.-d of thip mur-
der, was 1m to be set at liberty, and his crime to
go unavenged, because the   British   Government
bad demanded him?     He trusied not, aad thaf
striet and exact justice would be done, fearless (f
Consequences from any   quarter.    Now,  was it
nece:sary to have killed Durfee?   And (M the Se-
cretary of State, in bis communication to Mr. Fox,
say  that here  was  'his man  Durf.'e killed upon
terra firma in the State of oí New Yotk, without
any eause of justification whatever; and that there-
fore the authorities of that State have a right to
try hioi and execute   him, it found guilty1?   No;
this was not (be language used bythe Secretory oí
State, when an unqualified demasd was raade up-
on him for the immediate reiease of Method, and
an unqualified funender of the ease was made  to
the British Minister.    Now, under «hat   circum-
stances was this arrangement entered into?   Did
riot Mr. Fox say thdt serious consequences would
result if McL od was not surrendered?   Certainly
he did; and men the Secretary of State, after hav-
ing replied to this communication,  issued  his in-
structions to  the Attorney General to attend the
trial of McLeod, and they had been carried out to
the letter.
Mr. G. contended that neither the General Go-
vernment nor the Governor of iha State of New
York were to blame for what had taken place in
Canada of laie years; that both h.id done all in
their power to prevent any interference on the part
of American citizens in the affairs of the Canadian
people. Ttiey had exercised all their power and
authority to prevent any violation of the laws of
neutrality exiting between the two Governments.
He maintained that, under the circumstances, the
communication of the Secretary of State was not
American in character, that its sentiments did not
comport with the spirit of Mr. Fox's communica-
tion, and that it was yielding the point in dispute.
He then concluded with-saying that he had not
risen to go into a history of the whole affair, or in-
to an argument on it, as it had been, he might say,
quite exhausted, but only to enter (to use the term
often employed by ihe gentleman trom South Ca-
rolina) his solemn protest against the whole pro-
ceeding.
Mr. WISE resewed his motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table,
Mr. HUNT having risen ts claim the floor at
the same time, (after some conversation as to the
claim thereto,) requested Mr. Wish to withdraw
the motion to enable him (Mr. H.) to submit a
very few remarks.
Mr. STANLY said he hoped at least that both
sides of New York would be heard.
Mr. WISE said he would withdraw the motion j
if the gentleman  froai New York [Mr.  Hunt]
would pledgs himself to renew it.
Mr. HUNT was understood to say that he
could not give such a p'edge, after he had him-
self made remarks to which gentlemen might desire
to reply.
Mr. WISE said he must then persist in his mo-
tion.
Mr. BROWN of Philadelphia asked for the
reading of the resolution, which was again read.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution an the table
which wete ordered, and being taken, were as tol- i
lows:
YE IS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Buk?r, Barton,
Bi'dseye, B.-atdman, Borden, Briggs, Brockway,
Bu'nell, John Campbell, Oary, C-bilds, G. Da i=,
Debeny,, J. Edwards, Pet.senden, Gamble. Goggin,
Gralnm, Green, Wm. S. Hastings, Henry, Hud-
son, J. Irvin, James, Isaac D. Jone?, Lawrence,
Samson Ma'on, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard. Mom.w, Pearce, Pope, Powell, Ram-
sey, Rencher, Ridgway, Rodney, Sergeant, 8.mon-
tón, Sprigg, Stuart, Tillinghast, Warren, Lewis _
Wilbams, Christopher II, Williams, Winthrop,
aud Wi.se—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Arring'on, Atherton,
Aycrgg, Babcoek, Bank?, Barnntd, Beeson, Bid-
lack, Blair, Borne, Brew.-ter, Bron=op, ÁP.ron V.
Brown, Chas. Brown,"Burke, William 0. But'er,
Patrick C. Caidwr-U, Will.am B. ORmobe.ll, T.
J. Campbell, John C. Clark, Clifford, Chn'on,
Cooper, Cowen, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John
B. Dawson, Doati, Dais, Eastro-u, John C. Ed-
ward-, Egbert, Furrio. FiUmer •, J, G. Floyd, C.
A. Floyd, A Lawrence Foster, Gates, Gerry, Wm.
0, Goode, Gordon, Greig, Gusttne, Hards, John
Hastin."-, Holme , Houck, Houston, Howard,
Hubird, Hut,f, Jack, Wm. Cost Johnson, Cave
Johns.n, John W. Jones, John P. Kennedy, King,
Lane, Lewis, Linn, LittlefWd, Lowell. Robert
McClellan, McKav, Alfred Marshall, Thomas F.
Marshall, MediH," Miller, Newhard, Oliver, Os-
borne, Pstridse, Pendleton, Pick-ns, Plumer,
Promt, Alexander Randall, Rayn«r, ReUne, Rigas,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Russell, Sh¡e'ds, Stnbh, Sny-
der, Sollers, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokeley, Summer*,
S'imter, R. W Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson,
Turney, Van Burea, Washington, WaUerson, J.
L White, Thomas W. Williams, J. W. Williams,
Wood, and John Young—105.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was ordered that
an additional member of the Committee oa Enrol-
led Bills be appointed by the Speaker.
And the question reeurringen the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. Floyd,
Mr. HUNT was about to proceed in his remarks,
but the hour of adjournment having arrived within
five minutes, he yielded to
Mr. BRIGGS,'who offered the following :
Resolceds That so much of the resolution of the 17th instant,
fivtng the time for the daily meeting and adjournment of the
House as expires to-morrow, be continued in force for one
week flora the time of us piesent limitation.
The previous question was called and seconded.
The main question (being on the adoption of the
resolution) was ordered; and, being taken, the re-
solution was adopted.
And then the House adjourned until Monday
morning, at ten o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Monday, June 28, 1841,
Mr. CUTHBERT appeared in his seat this
morning.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, stating that it had passed a resolu-
tion to attend the funeral of Major Geneial Ma-
come, and asking the concurrence of the Senate
therein.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, the re-
solution was concurred in, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, June 23, 1841.
After the reading r.f the journal,
The Hon. HENRY BLACK of Pennsylvania,
(the successor to Mr. Ogle,) introduced by his col-
league, Mr. Cooper, was qualified and took his
seat.
DEATH OF MAJOR  GENERAL  MACOMB.
Mr. DAWSON of Georgia, chairman of the
Commiitee on Military Affairs, after remarking
that it had been announced in the public prints, by
the Sfcretary  f War, that Major General Ma-
comb departed this life on Friday last, sent to the
Chair the following resolutions, which were unáni-
me nsly adopted:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives
have learned, wi'h deep rearet, the death of Major
General A lexíndkr Macomb the late Command-
ing General of the Army, and the distinguished
leader in the glorious battle of Plattsbu.g in the
Lite war.
Resolvei, 'hat the, House of Representatives, if
the Senate concur herein, attend the funeral of Ma-
jor General Macomb this day, at 10 o'clock.
Bewlved, That a committee of three members of
the House be appointed, on the part of the House,
to make arrangements with such committee as may
be appointed on the. pari of the Senate, for the
attendance of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives at the funeral of the late Major G'ueral
Macomb.
Mr. DA WdON stit<--d that he had been selected
by the Secretary of War as one of the pall-bearers
on the recantón; and was, therefore, at ¡¡is own le-
quest, om'tttd on th« committee to be appoinied in
pursuance of ihi last named resolution.
The SPEA.KER then announced thp fallowing
gentlemen as the committee on the part of the
House, viz:
¡yir. John Miller, of Missouri.
Mr. W. O. Butler, of Kentucky.
Mr. Aaron Ward, of New York.
The resolutions were then sent to the ¡tenate;
which body bavin? concur d therein,
The Hous«, at lOi o'clock, adjourned till to-
morrow, at 10 o'clock,
IN SENATE,
-   TüEíDAT,June29, 1841.
The CHAIR submited a communication from the
Department of State in relation to imperfect census
returns from the State of Kentucky and Louisia-
na, and asking for legislative action; which was
referred to the  Committee en the Judiciary.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Michigan, prayHng the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of a bankrupt
law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial
from citizens of New York city, in favor of a
bankrupt law containing the prospective principle,
making it compulsory and voluntary; and that it
be made applicable to corporations as well as indi-
viduals.
Also, from citizens  of Onedia  county,   New
York,   against the passage  of a   bankrupt  law;
which were severally read and laid on the table.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Buchanan, eall.
ing for the names of the persons removed frost
office, and Mr. McROBERTS resumed and con-
cluded his remarks in favor of the resolution.
The CHAIR then announced thespecial order, the
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mc. CLAY of Kentucky moved to amend the bill
by making the stock transferrible on the payment
of the second instalment, instead of the third.
This was opposed by Messrs. WSIGHT, CLAY
of Alabama, BUCHANAN, WOODBURY, and
BENTON, and advocated by Messrs. CLAY of
Kentucky and HUNTINGTON, and was agreed
to—ayes 2$, noes 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bate*, Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Tall-
madge, White, and Woodbridge—SS.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuiabert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—21.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky then moved to amend
the bill by permitting the Bank to ex'end the
amount of debt which ¡t might contract, from
twenty-five to thirty millions of dollars.
This was advocated by Mr. CLAY of Kentucky,
aid ooposrd by Messrs. BUCHANAN, WOOD-
BURY, Y/ALKER, BENTON, and WRIGHT,
and the question being takin, it was negatived—
yeas 28, nays 25, as follows:
*
i
s
' f¡
i
I
t
f!
