CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
scorn it     It is chiefly because the rich man looks
on  bis champagne  as  a luxury that he spends
his* money to buy it    I will venture to say  the
consumption of wine will not be diminished by
a duty of twen'y per cent     Does a member of
Congress drink poor Lübt-n wine at seventy-five
cents?   Go ask tl-em     No,   lh?y   apply   to   tha
dealer and get the  bect he has     It is a matter
of pleasme and pride—it is a luxury to have ihe
best wine, and to know that it is costly  This feel-
ing will keep up the uce of wine , and will "-end to
your Treasury the needed revenue, while at tha
tame time you divide the proceeds of the puolic
lands.    How will the two measures operate on the
farmer?   The duty on wines Till not affect him,
he drinks none,  or next to none, but the dis'nbu
tion or the price of the public land^ will come home
to him at once in his escape from direct taxation,
and in the canal which carries hi* produce to mar-
ket.   He is freed from the nee ssity of paying a
dollar to the General Governm-nt, while he reaps
his full share of the revenue derived to his State
And so manifest is this t-> the People  tint a bill far
less advantageous than th's passed the S nate by a
largs majority.    But here is a  bill that not only
distributes the   avails of the land-, but secures a
permanent   pre-emption   right to actual sealers.
Will gentlemen vote against «uch  a bid?   Will
they go back and  tell the laboring man that they
are anxious he shall support the expenditures of his
own Slate Government and the General Govern-
ment too, when he might have escaped both?   For
one, I would rather let the rich buy their costly
wines.    The hjn vivant may pop his three bottles
a day if he likes, as a legislator I have no objec-
tion; let him pay his twenty cents duly upon   if,
and relieve the farmer and the laboier from his
taxes.   That is my decirme1    That i« what I call
Democracy.    I was brought up in the Democratic
school, not the school of thi? n"w-fangledDemocia-
cy that makes a king of the President, and a unit
of the Cabinet and the Congress both, oh.no, but
of the old-fashioned   Patrick  Hen^y democracy,
that makes each poor honest man a peer of the
realm, that views and treats the Representa'ive but
as his servant.   That is my doctrine.
But reject this bill, and fores ihe States to re ort
to direct taxation; and what will be the practical
result? Will the tax fall upon the nch alone? No, a
direc tax falls ¡ike mildew on ever> man's esute, and
every man s propeity Be he Whig or be he Loco
Foco, it comes down on tne property o' every hu-
man being Eai h man muot pay ihe c'ues ot Go-
vernment—not, as I propc*e, of h ov n fr¿e will,
as the man does who bjys a bot'b of wine, but by
compulsion, undu he rod oí the shenr, and, even
it he is in debt, it matters not, his tangible property
must meet the demands o' the law And now, I
say to gentlemen on all sides ol me, if you foice ihe
American peop'e to this, they will ver> s jon force
jou to tbinlc upon the Corstuution, and, if ihe re-
sult of youi mtdi'ation dots not please thi m, they
will speedily thcrea'ter force yea out of tnis hall,
and force other men into your s at". Assure asli&ht
falls from heaven, the American peoole will never
hear of direct taxation in time ot peace, whi'e }ou
refuse to put a picayrreof duty upon a pipe-f
French wine.
And now look at the operation of this bill upon
the States. I do not say that of la*e I lo\e the Ge
neral Government less, bat that my love for tne
Slates is increased
[Mr. Dawson, (playfully speaking ¡>cros=,) "es
pecially when you shall be Governor  of o.ie  of
them "]—(A laugii )
[Yes, especially trten  and I reciprocate to the
gentleman from Georgia very coididflv his anací
pations on that subject]    [Laugh er, and cr,es of
"fair,' "a fair hit' ]
There was a time when the Governor of a S ate
was the second man in the nation, but tnings are
changed. I fiad a m?mmoih power grown up n
tie heart of the Confederacy, which is fast sval-
liwing up the State1- and now 1 blu-h to see Go-
vernors of Stat s conang here and suing to suoal
tern officers of thu Government for "¡uba'tern of-
fices under them' Yc, the Governor of a State,
with a wealthy territory exceeding  the lion's 01
England, c mmg ?nd cnngin¿ for a m serable office
to a miserable Secretary '
It is humiliating to tee how tha States are be-
coming merged in the rays of this great central son
of tne system. I go for equalizing power m this
Confederacy. I go (to use a favorite expression of
Bonaparte) for having the baHnce of power re-
stored I am fcr a General Government which
shall re t «elf poised on us own centrt, and for
having the States placed in a position where they
can resist the great absorbing centralizing force of
that Givernment And what, I ask a.am, will be
the effect of ihis bill upon ihe S ate ? The States
that arc now oppressed with debt will be enabled
o meet their obligation*—'o pay the interest, re
deem their credit, and pre s to cjmpletion their
great plans of m'ernal improvement New fields
of production will be opened, new sources of manu
facturmg mattnals will be explored and rendered
available, and thus the aggregate wealth and pro
perty of the nation will be augmented Ana if
there be States who do not desire to embark in any
works of public improvement, they can apply their
shares to the purposes of education, or to any other
object of public utility which they may deem more
impor'-int than either.
I might t ke up the subject of education simply,
and press the bill on that ground alone. As the
ma'ter now stands, this Government has made áo-
nations of the public lands to some States for pur-
poses of education, and nor to others there is no
equahtj 150 000 acres have been given for free
schools, and for colleges over half a million A
nation's power arises more from mind than from
mere matter it is moie inte'leclual than physical
the humin mmd, when ful'y developed, enligh-
tened, and combined in social organization, is as
nearly omnipotent as any th ng created can be in
this world It wi Ids at once moral, physical, and
political power. It i<¡, thertfoie, the duty of every
teg slat jr to further the interests of education to
the utmost of his ability and opp rtunmes If any
gentleman will look at the last censu*, he will there
see the deplorable condition of education m «ome
portions of our country If any member s-hall
rise and oppose this bill, I can turn his eyes upon a
p cture of this knd that will sicken h's heart If,
then, the bill stood ot. that ground «lone, it ought
to pass with unanimous acclamation for it sup
plips rhnmea''s ot conveying Ihe light of kno-v-
iedge to every dtmictl in the land it will bui'd a
tewiple to knowledge in every neisb>ornood,
wherein miy be trained those future legislates
aho shall fill these hallo Look abound on this
floor, and see at ibis moment how many ale hete
as=emhedmbo ro e from a \  y humble or gin,
and vho.ii nothtrg hu' "the wand of education
could have raised, aid transformed, an' honored
with th" power cf makn.g tl e liv s o their coun-
ti>. It s not pedif ree which, in this country, can
raise ? man to Par iamenf It is mmd, and the
effect of kncw)fd<;e upon mm"1, that lift* up men
to the highest honcrs of this free and happy Re-
public
Mr CLIFFORD cf Mame then took tn floor
He said he w desious of submitting a few ob-
-crvationi) on the bill in reply to ho gentleman
from MarjKnt He was not a v0re *bat ai v
question «as penJirg betore th~ c rnmittee, and,
therefore, for tne purpose of a\o ding all difficult)
in regard to points oí order, and to enable him to
discuss ihe merits of the bill, he would move to
s-tnkp out Ihe enpetmg clause
Ard the  question being on the Kioaon to stuk"
out,
Mr C said Ihis \i as a subject nhich had b^en
frequency and ably discussed in both Houses of
Congress, in the public journals, and in the prima-
ry assemblies of t ie people He could not, th're
fore, piomise the committee that he shoulü bp able
to reward them for any attention they might think
proper to besto* on v hat he had tj say by the
exh'bitioi of any new features Ihe arguments
in favor of ard against the merits of the propose
tion had been so o ten ur?ed ¡hat U >\?$ d flicu t *o
present tbem in any new light And if he were
allowed to consult his own feelings, without regard
to the duty he owed to those haa honored bim w in
their confidence m sending him to be a representa-
tive of their interests here, he should content him-
self with giving a s lent vote against the proposi-
tion.
He desired to confine his remarks entirely to the
distribution principle. He had listened to the very
able and eloquent argument of tae gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] and at the expense of re-
versing th  order of remark he (Mr C ) had marked
out for hinrelf, be must undertake to expose
some of the errors into which that gentleman had
fallen.
The basis upon which the gentleman placed this
measure before the American people was, that we
might pass this b 11 to confer a benefit on tire States,
and tnat the national Treasury might be leplenisbed
by a duty on luxuries or, as the phrase was, free
arteles of luxury, silks wines, and so forth. He
(Mr C ) had never heard this "so forth" filled up
until he received the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury But the argument of the gejptleman
from Maryland went mainly, if not entirely, on
the ground that the whole deficit to be created by
this bill could be reimbursed by a duty on wines.
The gentleman would almost have the committee
understand that we could raise one hundred mil-
lions, though he did not propose so large an
amount, and he placed this argument upon the
ground that imported wines paid no duty. He
(Wr C) had commenced with this branch of the
subject for the purpose of showing that there was
a great difference between speculation and plain
matter ot fact. He had in his possession a state-
ment piepared at the Treasury Department know-
ing ne whole amount of wines imported Xor the
last three years separately—the amount of duties
received, and the amount which a duty of twenty
per cent, would yield in addition to the present
amount. He had re examined lhat statement, and
he was satisfied it was correct He would ask
his friend from Maryland (for so he hoped he might
call him) to examine it, and see if his argument
had any basis upon which it could stand before an
intelligent people
Mr. W COST JOHNSON explained. He was
apprehens.ve that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Clifford] had mistaken the point of his lemarks.
When he (Mr J ) asked what was the duty on
French wine-, the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr Picked] had responded "nothing." He
(Mr J ) o ly alluded to wines and silks as illustra-
tive cf his position, and he assumed the ground
tl At ot the seventy-one im'hons of produc-
tions of foreign nations which no"/ come into our
ports duty free, th's Government could lay a duty
sufficie"1 to mea the wants of the nation without
opprewng either commerce or the people, and that
duty could be 'evitd chiefly upon laxune-, which
would be paid b) tho_e were able and willing to pay
them.
Mr. CLIFFORD proceeded. He was under-
stood to  ly 'hat he thought h° had correctly ap-
p ehended the remarks of tne gentleman from M?-
 y'an<', (Mr Johnson ) Th.3 gent eman had placed
his arguuient manly upon the ground that the
Taasary could ber^p1 m hea by the imposition of
dines upon si ka and wines He (Mr C) had
nut heard ihe gentleman name any other articles of
luxury. It was true that the gentleman had refer-
ied to ar'icleaof free importation, but he (Mr. C)
thought he could satisfy the gentleman that a
great por ion of these articles imported duty free
use no luxune , but necessaries, of life, and that
a very important artxle was that of bullion, (gold
and siive')—the fourteen millions which the Se-
cretary of the Treasury proposed to except from
the operation of the new imposition
Mr C read a variety ol statistical tables, exhi-
biting the amounts of luxuries (of various kinds—
silks, wine-, silk and worsted goods,&c ) imported
into the Un ed S ates for several years past, as the
basis of e titnates to *how that the deficiency cre-
ated m the public Tteasury by the operation of
ihis. bill, if it should pafs, could cot be made up by
the new imposi'ion contemplated upon articles of
luxury, and that the argument of the gentleman
fro"i Maryland was not broad enough to meet the
ca e The aggregate cf pll the articles would
produce, Mr. C contended, less than $5,000,000,
taking the jear 1838 as the bss's, taking 1839, the
