CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
The voice of the people was. the voice of God, and
when the people spoke, it was so clear and distinct
that "he who runs may read " And if the peo-
ple's voice had called for a distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public land;, and for the
establishment cf a National Bank at the present
session, and that after having done these ihmgs
they should go home, how eame it to pass that the
friends oí the press 'it Administration did not agree
as to what the peopit required to be done at this
sessun1? Tnat, however, was a matter which he
left ihem to settle among themselves.
The gentleman from Georgia had remarked that
the people of Georgia were opposed, at this time,
to a distribution of ihe proceeds of the sales of the
public lands among tha. States, and that it was
most iniquitous to act upon the subject—that it
was monstrou , and that the people of Georgia
would not submit to it. And he (Mr. B.) further
understood the gentleman as saying, in substance,
that, although he differed from many of his politi
cal friends on some prominent subjects, yet that he
would not be driven from the Administration party;
that, although they might rob the people of their
rights, still he would adheie to his party The gen-
tleman had also said that this measure was calcu-
lated to bring upon us a protective tariff, and that
his constituents were opposed to it. He (Mr B.)
would ask his colleague what wa& the Whig capital
at the late election in Pennsylvania—wheiher it
was not, from Philadelphia to the Lakes, a protect-
ive tariff? And if the Whig voice of Pennsylva-
nia was to be heard here—although it was true that
the voice of the Democracy could not be heard
for action—it was for a protective tariff—to support
her manufactures. If, too, Pennsylvania hud
spoken at all on the subject of the public lands, it
wa* in tavor of an equal—not an unequal dis-
tribution of the sales of the public lands, as
this provides for. Thus, then, we saw that the
public vo ce had spoken differently in different
places. And where else ^was this measure made
a question of ? Was it made one in New Jersey?
Certainly not.
[Mr. Randolph explained, and was understood
to say that it was made a question of at the late
election ]
Mr. Brown continued by saying that the ques-
tion in New Jersey turned upon the violation of
the broad seal, and a standing army, and not, as he
believed, the public iandt or a National Bank. He
expressed his belief that neither in the West, the
South, nor the"" North, had the questions of a Na-
tional Bank, and a distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, been the mam points
upon which the election had turned. He next re
ferred to what had been done in Philadelphia du-
ring the late contest; that there were meetings held
at the Whig head quarters night aftei night, and
that theie were gentlemen from ihe South and else-
where who hara pued ihe people on all these sub-
jects. Among the mottoes upon the transparen-
cies was this: '• N i national debt " And he^e
(said Mr. B.) the majority had announced a bill
that mu.t resu't in the creation of a national debt.
Another mstto exhibited was, " No Executive
Bank." Naw, he would ask how, if a bank were
created at all, it could be otherwise than Execu-
tive? It you called it a National Bank, or by any
other name, it must be an Executive Bank, be-
cause it executes a part ot the functions of this
Government. Both the mottoes, then, in relation
to no bank and no debt, it seemed, were about to
be falsified.
Mr. MORGAN rose to a point of order. His
object was to ascertain whether the House was
to be detained by discussing every thing under
the heavens. His point of order was that the
gentleman's remark* were entirely ínelevant,
and had no reference to the subject under consi-
deration.
The CHAIRMAN said that the question now
pending was on staking out the enacting clause of
the bill, and th' gentleman h^d a light to go into
the whole merits , í it, but ihe gentleman mas' con-
fine himself to the piovisicns of the bid in win' he
may think proper to bay
Mr. BROWN resumed The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Alforb] had, m the course of his
remarks on this «uhject yesterday, introduced the
McLeod qa«stiun, arid he (Mr B ) thought he was
not wandering further from the subject than was
the gentle-nan to whom he had referred. He
wan'ed -to put the Whig Representatives from
Philadelphia on the right ground m regard to the
question rf a protective tariff. Mr. B. went on to
remark that be believed the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Wise] had participated in some of the
proceedings of the Whig meetings at (he North
prior to the la'e elec'ion, but he did not know
whether he wis present at the one held at the Ma
sonic Hall, Philadelphia, where ihe mottoes he
[Mr. B ] had spoken of were exhibited. There
was one motto he recollected hat cajled for a
protective tariff; and, if ihose gentlemen from the
South who were present, and really opposed to
these questions, uttered sentiments in approval of
those mottoes, then had they acted falsely and h)-
pocntically.
Mr. WISE remarked that tbe gentleman had
made an attack on him
Mr BROWN said it was only in play.
Mr. WISE remarked that it was a serious pla>,
and he must be permitted to say, not only for him-
self, but for that Senator, that he was never with
him at Philadelphia. It was tru  he (Mr. W )
had addressed a Whig meeting at Masonic Hall;
and he must say that the same opinions he main-
tained in the South he maintained in the North
There had been no deception on his part, and he
confessed tbat he did talk of a Bank and rf the
tariff; but be put the contest far above Bank apd
tariff—as a social and moral question—and as op-
posed to the last Admirmtra'ion. Durng the last
contest, th.oughout, he was well a-rare that be
differed from memoes of his own party on ihe
subject of a National Bark, tanff, and distribution.
The.e d ffcrerces were merged among th-mselves
m the South, where 'here was Bank and ant -Benit,
tariff and anti-'anff And new rne of the first act?
of his party and its p,ess was the enuiavor to ex-
communicate him for the principles which he pro-
fessed. An attempt, too, bad been made, mes-t
ungratefully, tyrannically, and oppressively, to
excommumca*e and denounce him for those very
principles which brought the present party in
power some adherence. He stocd where fee had
always stood on these preat ques'ions, and had
taken tbe same ground before as well as afier tbe
election in regard to them He had been i hypo-
crite towards neiiher party, and he could not, there-
fore, sit quietly and h°ar himself implicated in a
charge of a want of consistency.
Mr. BROWN then continued his remarks, say-
irg that he did not mean to charge the gentleman
with inconsistency. He had always looked upon
the gentleman as one of the strongest opponents of
the party wiih which he (Mr. B.) acted, but he had
always believed him to be actuated by honest mo-
tives and intentions. The gentleman, however, in
his explanation, had verified the fact which he (Mr.
B.) bad alluded to, that !he Whig party did hold
rut different vews in different parts of the United
States.
[Mr. Wise here briefly vindicated ihe cour.e if
Southern genilem n attacned to the Whig paity
during the late el*ctioii, as having advocated the
doctimes of tbe South, at meetings he'd in the
North, in the most frank, bold, and undisguised
manner.]
Mr B. proceeded. He maintained that ihe gen-
tleman from Virginia should have risen, when al-
ten hng polmcal meetings at the North, as he now
rises in this hall amor>g these Representatives, and
have to'd his audience that they could not have a
pro'e-Hive tariff. And while the geüt'°¡r,an was
then help.ng h's Whig allies, we, the Demrcipev
of ins North, wee standing up in favor of Sou'h-
ern r ghts. We were defenaing h s . ights w h>le bf
was in the enemy's c^mp Mi B hf>rc read *opie
extract? from Whic papers, f> prove that he p-hI
those with v horn tie se s do understand what pub-
lic opni in has bet!, and he coVended that what
«as he-® represer ed by the maj< nn to be puVtc
opinion was no such la ii" He next read from the
piocetdugs of one of <h >sp mee ms< in Pennsylva-
nia tbe promises made by the Whig party to intro-
duce a syvtem of moral reform into the administra-
tion of the Government, and commented upon the
mannei in which they had carrud them out, par-
tieulatly in ¡eference to the appointment of officers
in the custom-house at Philadelphia He said the
peopla there were shocked at the bad selection
which had been made", and added that he was
afraid there would be very lit tie, if any, revenue
coming into thp Treason if such appoinments as
these were made.
Mr B af-er some further remarks in regard to
what was public opinion in different portions of
Ihe Union, was proceeding to argue that in conse-
quence of ihe apportionment bill, passed by a Whig
Legislature m Pennsylvania, (and which operated
most unfairly and unjustly,) public opinion was
not fairly represented in its legislative councils,
when
Mr. DAWSON rose to a point of order. The
gentleman was going into an account of a local
quarrel, and he would submit it to the House
whether tl ey ought to allow it to be made the po-
litical arena for file di-cussion of this question, and
wketner it w<is the question before the House. The
gentleman had been going on an hour and a half,
confining hir>self but little to the subject before us.
He would a k ihe gsmleman to confine himself to
the subject.
The CHAIRMAN said the gen'leman from
Pennsylvania had been rtqusstedto confine his ar-
gument to the subject before the committee. The
gentleman had been called to order several times,
and he could not be allowed to go into the diseus-
sion if subjects which hid nothing to do with that
before ihe committee. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the question to strike out the enact-
ing ctause.
Mr BROWN again resumed his remarks by
soyi'sthat  e knew ii w=is unpleasant to the ma-
joi itv to hear these charges made jsgamst the Whigs,
and he would tetura to the subject of the public
lands. H* ihen referred to the language of the
Pres.dent ard to that of the Secre.ary of the Trea-
sury in regard to ihere being a deficiency m the
revtnue, and of the necessity of resorting to some
means ot meeting the wants of the Government.
We all knew that the country from the North to
the South was not in a state of defence, and whe-
ther the late Administration were to blame on that
account or not, it behooved this reform Adminis-
tration at least to pul it in a state ot defence, and
he would ask it publ.c opinion had not called upon
this Congfess to put the whole seaboard in a condi-
tion for war, if that calamity were to overtake us.
Mr. B. next adverted to ihe report of the Se-
cretary of War in relation to the dilapida-
ted condnon of the fortifications of the
country generally, and also to the deficit
in the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment, which he earnesuy maintained ought to be
provided for, and yet here we were spending our
time m the most wasteful manner. It really seem-
ed to be a fraud upon the people to talk about dis
tubuting the tevenue derived ¡rom the sales of the
public lands, when our defences were m a state
wholly unfitted to protect the country m the event
of a war, of which there was some ground for
alarm, and refer ed lo ihe utierly defenceless and
unprotected situat'on ot Philadelphia and the en-
tire Delaware river and bay. He next adverted
to the McLeod question, to the inflammatory-
speeches that had oeen made m relation to it, and
also to the warlike character of the cotrespondence
[ of the British Mimstei, and condemned the course
i of the present Administration in plajing peace
' whtn they we. e talking of war. He insisted that
we must put ourselves m a condition to compel
the Br tish Government to do us justice, but we
could n ver do it if we continued to act as we were
now doing Thtre was no letteating from our
present position towards Great Britain, whom we
hfld responsible for the act of McLeod; that his
opmonwa that she vould never make atonement
< or lhat act. Sae, in tact, bade you defiance
Wa should do something to sho*/ all h« nations of
ihe earth tt at while we say our i if his shall be re-
spected, we have the means to cotrpel ihem to do
it Now, he would have had a word to &ay to tbe
gentleman fom Virgin a, [Mr. Wise,] it he had
been m his seat, ¡n regard to some expressions that
