138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is a surplus, and my desire for economy in order
that there may be a surplus to divide, I now pass
more directly to the merits of the bill
This bill proposes to distribute among the States
the whole proceeds of the public land . I have at-
tempted to show that these lands are a legitimate
source of revenue to this Government I again
ask, is not this Government in want of money? Is
there not on your table a bill for a loan, for eight
years, of twelve millions of dollars'? There is al o,
I understand, b'efere one of the standing commit-
tees a bill to impose a duty on certain articles of
merchandise now imported into the United States
free of duty, of twenty per cent, and to Jraise tne
duty on certain other articles, until it shall reach
twenty per cent. Can it be said that there is a
surplus of revenue' Ought we to devise ways and
means to be generous before we are just? Surely
not And is it not apparent that this bill connects
itself in principle with both those I have mention-
ed—the bi 1 for a loan and the bill to increase the
tariff? If we do not distribute the amount which
we now receive from the public lands, then we
shall borrow so much the less,, or our tax upon
consumption will be so much the less The bill
to distribute the avails of the public lands is there-
fore equivalent to a direct and naked proposition
to borrow money to distribute it among the States,
or to raise money by taxation m order to the same
distribution It amounts to the same thing. It is
a proposition to borrow four dollars that we may
give away one dollar—to borrow twelve millions
that we may give away three millions Is that
sound economy? I advocate econamj and not
only in the cslra and the sunshine of the Govern-
ment, but when the storm arises and the wuds
blow in all their fury. I have always been its ad
vocate. I believe there will be le s and ¡ess virtue
ma Republic just in proportion as economy dea
"Neither a bonower noi a lender be,
For loan oil lose  both. Hself md futnd,
And borrowing dulls the edge oí husbandry  J
Economy is the peculiar duly of this Govern-
ment, but we are now unJer the necessity of bor-
rowing I will not go back to inquire hnw « e got
here Suffice it to say we have debts, and we
must pay them We owe money, and every ho-
nest man means that we shad pay if The ques-
tion is, while we are borrowing money to pay our
debts, will you give away Ihe pioceeds of the pub-
lic lands? Ftom the report of thiSecretaiy ot th"
Treasury it appears that, including a surplus of
four millions to be kept in the Treasury, «¡nd in-
cluding the sum necessaty to put our fort fications
in some stale ef preparation, though not to place
them in battle airay, there Will be adeficit of twelve
millions of dol'ars Ani is this a time for such a
measure as is now proposed to us? What urgent
necessity exists just now for this dis ribu'ion? Is
any one of the Stafcs m ^uch extremes that it can
not wait to see, first, what will be the results c f the
new revenus bill1 Are they so impatient that they
cannot wait the development of public opinion on
other topio? I think not. I think that prudence
dictates to us to wait a while. Both the gentle-
man from Maryland and myself owe it to the Ame-
rican people to move cautiously—cautiously, not
to leap prec pitateiy inio measures which may
lead to what they now little anticipate The bill
contemplates the possibility, nay, the actual proba-
bility ot a war. Well, under such a prospect,
does it make a final settlement of the perplexing
question oí the public lands? Not at all There
are a dozen contingencet. which may still affect that
question The occurrence of war unsettles it at
once I consider it as important that it should be
settled I am for measures that will settle it per-
manently, not temporarily Now if we listen to
the debates m the other ~nd of this Capitol, or m
this hall, we migh' well conclude that wai is pro-
bable And yet, while questions of the most
serious and pressing weight are upon u ,
gentlemen here are engaging in the d scussion of
meot questions m the law of nations Yt=, in-
stead of arming our foruficai ons and pu't ng
the natiomn a posture cf defeiee, they are dis-
puting about abstract questions of international
law I will not touch that subject. If I did, I
should ask what is the right of this Federal Go-
vernment to interfere with the jurisdiction of the
judicial tribunals of the State ot New York? Bat
I will not move that question I say that, should
war occur, it will disturb at once all the provisions
of ¡his bill But to proceed with its detail Afiera
liberal bounty conferred upon the nine new States
where the public Unds he, it prescribe ! that the ten
per cent, thus distributed shall be applied to some
object of internal improvement within the limit*
of the State, un ler the direction of the State Le-
gislature I believe my friend from Maryland
[Mr Johnson] is not an advocate of the pow-
er of ths Federal Government to carry on
works of internal improvement per se, yet in this
bill wh ch he has brought us, he authorizes, nay
commands, the S'ates to do with the 10 per cent,
thus distributed, that a hich the General Govern-
ment cannot do Now to me it seems about as
broad as it is long Whether he employs the States
to do it with hii money, or doe3 it himself, at
once and directly, seems to me very much the
same thing That i* an objection to the bill
with me.
Eut m the second section it is provided that the
residue of the money distributed to the States gene
rally is to be applied for purposes of education,
of internal improvement, to reimburse the debt of
the S ate for such works, or for any other- purpose
the Slate Legislature may prefer It is true the
option is left with the States, but hen- is a recom
mendauon, and in some circurautances, especially
in the case of a g ft, recommendation is neaily
equivalent to command.
Bat I call the attention of the committ/e to the
proviso in the bill, that nothing therein contained
shall ii. any wise prejudice the future -pplicationof
a reduction principle to the price of the lands, nor
their transler to the States wherein t ,ey lie, or to
further distribution. The bill then is for to-day—
for the present hour—and the present hour onlv It
is an act with a repealing clause on the very face
of it Do gentlemen call this a permanent sjskm
for the public lands? No, it is a mere temporary
expedient, it is a measure of delu-ion—of delusion
to ihis Government, and of delusion to the States.
The Sta es are at this hour debtors to the General
Government They owe the twenty-eight millions
placed, in their hands by the deposite pet Has
thf^money been paid? No, nor ever was intended
to be paid, yet it i. a debt, and this Government
can'demand it at any morrent A« the represen-
tative of one of the States that received her quota
in that diitnbntion or loan, I should like to ste
my State get credit on her bond which this Go
vcrnment holds against Virginia. But no, >ou
will still distribute more and more. 1 he measure,
too, is one most likely to produce j'alousy and dis-
satisfaction between the old and the new S'ates,
but that is a topic on which I will not dwell.
Wc are told we are to supply the deficit in the
Treasury by imposing dut es on foreign luxuries
The recommendation of the Secretary, howevei,
applies not to luxuries alone, it includes all im-
ports the duty on which is now less than 20 per
cent. But do we expect that the various necessa-
ries of life are to be taxed so exhorbitantly as to
raise the entire amount of the deficit? I presume
not And I do not look to die possibility of rais-
ing the sum from wines and silk , or any other
luxuries, properly so cabed And I say that, while
we want this money ourselves, it is inexpedient to
raise the taxes m order to make a gratuity to the
Sta"«
There are other subjects connected with this bill
wh ch I should like to toucn upon, especially the
loan bll', but I will not go in o them now
There is a peculiar rdauoa of Virginii to this
question, which I should like to touch upon for a
moment, in order that we may at least assert our
claim and not piejudiee our rifhtsby not pressing
or maintaining tnem Vi'gin a reserved to herself,
at th  time she ceded ner lands to this Government,
indemnity for her liabilities m the actual c nquest
oi these Ian1* m the Revolution. I hope tha' some
one of my Colleagues wijl ímroduce an amendment
to 'he bill which «hall do jus ice to Virginia in that
respect
Having now endeavored to state what are my
views on the subject of distribution, I shall not ad-
vert to -hat feature of the bill which contains a pro-
vision for a permanent pre esnption right I have
been told by gpntleoieu more familiar than I éan
pretend to be wi'h the process of actually settling
our new lands, thai it matters little what our laws
are on th  subject of pre-emption, because there is
a practical righ' of pre-emption in the West, esta-
blished by the cimmon sense and long usage of the *
people themselves and that all the benefits of the
system are, in fact, as fully enjoyed now as they
will be should thr bill become a law. The social
right of a man and his family to the occupation of
the land he his improved by his labor is under-
stood and regarded by his neighbors, as well by
purchasers of land, as fully as they would be, let
us pass ever so many laws on the subject But
there is a strange incongruity in mixing up the sub-
ject of pre-emption in this same bill with distribu-
tion. On this subject, however, I need not detain
the committee, particularly as I shall vote against
th? bill.
I am told that this is a party measure, and the
whole scope and tone of the debate shows that such
is the fact. Now, as I am and have evr been a
party man, I desire to say a word or two It is
always painful to me to be so placed that I am
compelled to speak of myself; but that necesn'y
is brought on me by others, and not by any ae* of
my own, and I must advocate my own party rela-
tions I had hoped, when I came here, that the
Government had been placed, by the act of Provi-
dence and in consequence of the late melancholy
events, m such a position as would enable us to
assemble as an American Congress, and in that
character to attend to the great ínteres s of the
country, not to <orm new panic, or to wake up
angry remembrances of the past. And I can here
eall gentlemen, on all sides, to witness that I have
had no participation m aiousmg such feelings here.
I never find any difficulty m defining my position.
I may mvi'e the committee to look back to the
days of the Administration of tne venerable gen-
tleman opposite me, [Mr Adams ] and which was
succeeded by the era of another which came into
power en the cry of "retrenchment and reform "
We looked for the reform—but it came not. That
Administration has now been in its turn supplant-
ed by another, which promises the same thing—re-
form, reform I am now watting and looking to
see if it will come. I am ready to use my best ef-
forts, m my place, to bring it on. Bat I would re-
mind gentlemen that this cry has already deluded
the country, and that it cannot do it a second time.
Reform must come now or never The people ex-
pect it.
Somegentlemenhave mademe thesubject of e'e-
nunciatu n, becaus° I hold now the same opin on I
have always held, and yet it never before subjected
me to suspicion Why should it now? Hither to the
peculiar character ot the Whig party has been a
wide and liberal toleration. The party took the
nam° in 1833, and organized themselves that they
m gh! renit the encroachments oí Executive pow-
er, and to reassert the great prmc pies of Anglo-
Saxon constitutional liberty, and they did it Now
the storm has passed, the clouds have broken away,
the sun beams fall brightly and peacefully upon
the seine, we are in power, and now I want to
know whether an American Whig, as is said of a
British Whig, turns tory as soon as hf is in office.
I desire to see economy and reform I am for
saying to the Executive, K>ep to the right, as the
Uw directs Encroach not on our privileges; but
keep within your own This is what I have al-
ways said On this very ground I opposed the last
Admmistralion But our political parties require
reform as much as our Government They have
been too much Presidenlial parties—Executive
parties One party comes into Congress pledged
to support all that the Pre ident shall do, be it good
or bad, right or wrong The other party comes
there to oppose all he does, right or wrong, and
¡hus, in trumping m and trumping out, ihe nterests
of tne people are sacrificed, and we are all divided
nto cliques and taction*, each to push the inte-
rests of a personal fn nd I am the friend of no
man in office, as such Personally and privately
no man is more tha friend of the present Executive
Chief Magistrate than I am, but I will not speak by
