CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
his authority here. I will stand toward him as I would
toward any other «nan filling the same office.
I will judge him by hu act^, if they are right.
I will go for them, if wrong, I stand ready to op-
pose them. We have been thrown on the Execu-
tive question by ihe legislative questions that pre-
ceded it. The Executive quesuon I trust is now
at an and I have confidence in the present in-
cumbent that he will be a constitutional President.
I think he will never encroach on the rights of the
other departments of Government. And the Exe-
cutive question being quieted, we are now thrown
back on legislative questions. I warn gentlemen
not to stand here and denounce each other for
their preferences for men, but to rally on great le-
gislative questions and on the Constitution. Theie
is danger that we may run again the same mad
career. The strength of the Executive arm is
never formidai le till Congreis makes it so. The
President never can be a tyrant till Congress 15
ready for a master. I wish to see our professed
principles practised upon. I stand for them. But
if we shall now fall into the same errors as in 1829,
Congress may again, as it then did, prepare the
way for Executive encroachments and usurpations.
We have now an opportunity of putting this Go-
vernment upon the right tack, and keeping it there.
I invoke gentlemen of all parties to unite and lend
their aid in this attempt. If under this sun of
Austerhtz, which now sheds its beams so brightly
upon us, we cannot economize and reclaim this
Republic to the old repub'ican simplicity, I, for
one, shall bsgm to dipair. I shall then be ready
to quit my station here without regret, and retire
to private life; where I shall take but little interest
in any future political, struggle, because I 'hould
conclude it must end just as all oefore it have end-
ed. Look at the crowds that throng these street?,
that press to ths Executive mansion, and fill the
lobbies of both Houses of Congress, greedy expec-
tants of offics. Listen, and what 13 the burden of
their tale? Ever on some party subject, some per-
sonal contest, never on the great principles and
policy of the Govern nent
I have here no new parties to form: I belon^ to
no man, I belong to Virginia—to my constituents,
them I will obey, and nobody else. I am ready to
carry sound constitutional measures by my vote.
My object, my sole object, in legislation, is the good
of the country. I hope the gentleman trom Penn-
sylvania will not inscribe upon his flag "to the vic-
tors belong the spoils " I never will serve under
that banner. I hold that the offices of this Govern-
ment belong to the country, and are not the pro-
perty of any party. These are my principles—by
these I stand—and by these I am ready to fall.
I now conclude, with an apology for this digres-
sion; and return my profound thanks for the indul-
gence with which I have been treated by the com-
mittee.
Mr. BIDLACK of Pennsylvania then obtained
the floor, and addressed ihe committee at considera-
ble length. The principal points of h.s argument
were as follows:
Mr B said he could not regret having jielded
the floor to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gil-
mer,] and he (Mr. B.) thought that the committee
would not regret that he had done so, especially
when ha apprized them that the gentteman who
had just preceded him, had so far travelled over
the track which he (Mr. B.) had marked out for
himself, that he should be enabled to hasten through
his argument with much greater speed, and to c*n-
sume not more than halt the time which he had
calculated to occupy before that gentleman submit-
ted bis remarks.
Although, when the bill was first introduced, he
(Mr. B ) had intended 10 have gone into a full ex-
amination of the questions growing out of ihe dis-
tribution principle, yet they had been so fully ex-
amined by the gentleman who had preceded lum,
that it was unnecessary to do so. He had intended
to have examined the distribution principle as con-
nected with its effects on the tariff qaesuon—'in
connection with the constitutional question in-
volved—in connection with the peculiar phrase-
ology of the compacts and deeds of cession, ana
with reference to its effects on the State Bights prin-
ciple.   But the gentlemsn who had preceded him
had gone so mueh into thosf> matter^, an 1 the gen-
tleman from V.rgm'a [Mr Gilmer] especially had
so fully expressed his (Mr. B's) views oa most of
the; e points, that he should ftrbear to do so, paiti-
cu'arly after the intimation which ha 1 bef n given
that it was the desire on all hands that the vole
siiould be taken this week, or about the first of the
next.
Starting, then, at the cutset with endorsing nearly
all the views presented by the gentleman who bad
just preceded him in relation to the merits of the.
question, and endorsing all the views which that gen
tleman had presented at the close of his remarks in
relation to a collateial question, he (Mr B.) should
proceed to examine the de'ails of the bill so far as
they affgcted his own State. He had said that he
endorsed nearly all the views of the gentleman from
Virginia in icla ion to the merits of this bill. So
far as he recollected them, he endorsed all those
views, save the declaration that, in the event of
a surplus, he was in favor of distribution He (Mr
B ) reserved that for future examination The
chairman knew all his (Mr B's) views in relation
to thtse questions. He was not prepared to say
they had undergone any great change. In the
Pennsylvania Legislature, when himself and the
chairman of the committee served together there,
these things were folly discussed. He (Mr. B )
did not endorse the statement, that the surplus, if
any, should be distributed, because he was op-
posed to any legislation that would produce a sur-
plus. He believed that Congress had no right to
enact laws to produce a revenue greater than was
required for trie economical admmistiation of the
Government; and any law which anticipated or
looked to the accumulate 1 of a surplus, he be-
lieved to be unconstitutional. He btlieved that
the revenues arming from the proceeds of the sales
of the public domain, boih as to that portion of 1'
which was acquired by deeds of cesión, and to
that portion of it which was acquired by purchase,
belonged legitimately to the revenue of the General
Government for the purpose of paying the current
expenses of the Government, and that no legisla-
tion should be had further than to supply deficiencies.
If even under such legislation a surplus should ae-
crue,'it would then be time to examine the consti-
tutional question and the question of expediencv
But "sufficient unto the day was the evil thereof"
He need not say that tbi-, was not the present
state of the case. On the very day on which the
chairman of ihe Committ«e on Public Lands intro-
duced this bi'l, ihe chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means introduced another bill authoriz-
ing a loan of $ 12,000,000, irredeemable for eisiht
or ten years, and this too upon the fact stated in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury that, in ad
dttion to, the curre-nt wants of the Government,
there were outstanding something like $8 000 000
of Treasury notes Now, as we had as 5 et heard
no explanation of the loan bill, he (Mr B ) was not
prepared to say whether any portion of the loan
was intended for the reduction of this amount of
Treasury notes, or for the purposes of the current
expenses of the Government, for the payment of
navy and other pensions, and for ths increase of
fortifications But, in round numbers, he took it
that we had $8 000,000 afloat, and we proposed to
borrow §12 000 000 more, and this made the aggre-
gate sum of $20,000 000.
Th s was different to the case of 1835, when the
chairman of this commi'tee introduced a resolution
into the Legislature of Pennsylvania m the follow-
ing words.
Mr. B. said he introduced this preamble and re-
solution for the purpose of showing what were the
views oí the chairman and his Pjirty at that time,
and to show that they placed the propriety of dis-
tribution on the same grounds on which the gentle-
man iron Virginia [Mr. Gilmer] said he svould
place a distribution in ca-e of a surplus
The Clerk then read the following preamble and
resolution:
Resolution relative to ihe distribution of the surplus revenue
Whereas, by theoffirial s -uemems ñom the Tieasurv De
partment of the United States H appears thers will be in un
appropriated balance in the Treasury of nme'een millions of
dollar's, subiect to the action 01 Congress during ttie present
session, above the ordmaiy demands of the Government And
whereas it is presumed th-u the wisdom of Congress will not
suffer that fund to accumulate in ths Treasury, without devis
mg means by which it can be usefully employed for the benefit
of the people of this Union And whereas some of our sister
States deny to Congress the constitutional power of making
internal improvements m the several Slates, while all Beem to
admit the power and propriety of distributing the-surpluSreve-
nue amongst the several States, subject to the control of their
respective Legislatures And whereas the proportion to which
Pennsylvania would be entitled, should such distribution be
made, would enable hei to complete her public works, an£ esta-
blish a fund for the stippo'rt of common schools, which would
preclude the necessity of taxation for either purpose   There.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General Assembly
met, That our Senators m Congress, and our Representatives,
be recommended to use their influence to procure the passage
of a law authorizing the distribution oí the surplus revenue
amongst the several States, m proportion to the number of
members from each State in the House of Representatives of
the United States
And wheieasitrs the policy of our Government to guard
against the increase of Executive patronage, and especially
against the accumulation of large sums of money m the Trea-
sury unappropriated And whereas a very large proportion of
the surplus revenue arises fiom the sales of the public lands,
the joint property of all the States, which is regarded as a
source of revenue, which ought to be applied in the promotion
of education, by establishing a system of common schools, or
to the purposes of internal improvement, to be applied by their
Legislatures to the purposes of education, internal improve-
ment, or such other purposes as will best piomote the interest
of the States, respectively
Resolved, i hat the Governor be requested to forwaid to
each of our Senatois and members of Congress, from Pennsyl-
vania, a copy of the foiegomg preamble and resolution, and,
also, to the Governors of the several States, with a request that
they shall be laid before their State Legislatures, requesting
their co operation
Mr. IS. said he had wished these to be read, in
order to show the grounds on which distribution
was placed in 1833 in the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania—namely, that there was a surplus of
$19,000,000 m the Treasury; and, *lso, for the
purpose of bringing that state of thiogs in contrast
wuh the s'ale of things which now existed, when,
so far from being a surplus of $19,000,000, we
haci a right to infer a deficient y to nearly that
amount, making a difference in the state of the
ca«e of nearly $40 000,000 The chairman could
rot have forgotten that on that occasion he (Mr.
B.) introduced an amendment to these resolution*,
and in the preamble to that amendment set forth
the fact that there was then, as there was now,
cause to suspect that we would at no great distance
of time be called to resort to the ultimate remedy
among nations (or violated rights. He bad set
forth the fact that there was a prospect of a war
with Franse in consequence of ber refusal to pay
the amount acknowledged to be due for French
spoliations, Such a prospect he believed had ex-
isted at that time, but it happened that the then
Executive, with great determination, as had been
represented, said to Frarce, "by the Elernal, you
had better pay the money;" and it was paid, and
the storm blew over. He (Mr. B) would
not, therefore, ask the reading of his pream-
ble, but simply of the resolution which accom-
panied it.
The Cierk then read as follows:
Resolved, That the distribution of the proceeds arising
from the sales of the public land  belonging to the United States
in any othei way than that pomte 1 out as above, by the ancient
compacts under which these very lands are holden, would be
uniust and illegal at any time, and, in view of the probable
d fflculties with a foreign power above refe red to, if not m
violation of good 'aith, at least inexpedient and ill advised
at this tune
Atter a few further comments on this branch of
the subject—
Mr. 8. proceeded to examine the details of the
bill in its effects on the interests of Pennsylvania,
n>t remarking that, in addition to theie being a
deficit in the Treasury at this time, and not a sur-
plus, as m 1835, there was tow, also, as then, a
prospect c: difficu'ty with a foreign power; and
stating, thata in view of all ¡he circumstances of
the case, the resolutions introduced into the Penn-
sylvania Legislature were laid on the table.
He took this then as an evidence that the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania was opposed to distribu-
tion, and he now came down to the views of the
peopla ofhis own State, as more recently expressed,
to wit, during the session of the Legislature last
winter. He would not slop to examine how far
that express on was an expreso on of the views of
the people of Pennsylvania, Hs might say much,
and say it wi h soiae feeling, too, in relation io|the
apportionment bil1, wnich had been referred to,
and a& to the mtroduetsen cf íesolutions not fairly
expressing the opinion of the people.
That such had been referred to by his colleague,
