150
and elsewhere, and he, for one, was very anxiou* to place this
ftmdan ¿such, a condition that no politician should have an op
partuo&y of elevating himself by a resort to this sutject^and that
was b^settmg these lands apait for the benefit of all the States
Sosme gentleman had srone so far as to «ay thatd revolution,
or a separation of the Union, would be the consequence ol the
passage of this bill, and that the new States would claim the
dominion over all the*e lands under the doctrine of State Eights
KoWylie confessed he put no faith in arguments like these, and
he cfisfiked to heai them, because their tendency "was to create
dissartisfacttoh at home. He insisted that it was entirely wrong
to -do any thine whiGh might create the impiession that the peo
pie had injustice don« them These things only cieatedjealou
sles «nd heart burnings
After a few remarks in lelation to the doctrine of State Rights
and internal improvements, Mr U cone.tided with a reiteia
tionofehis sentiments m favor of this bill, and an expression
ofhisrhope that nmight pasa.
Mr. UNDERWOOD having concluded—
Mr WISC obtained the fluor, and it hem? within fifteen
mina tes of 3 o'clock, and there being a general cry that the
committee nee, Mr W submitted a motion to that effect,
which ptevalmg—
The committee rose, reported progress, and obtained leave to
sit agafn.
flthe folio via? resolution, heretofore offered by Mi Hopkins,
and then laid over by the rule, was, un motion of Mi H taken
upjiconsidered* and adopted
Itesolved '1 bat the Postmaster General he required to com
municato tothia House, in as condensed a shape a& piacticablc,
the fnl owang nema of information, via
The estimates of the Postmaster General for each yeai since
the reorganization ol the Post Office Department m lb3b to
gether with the actual revenue of each, es ¡mating the revenue
lor the year ending June 30,1841
The amount  bhown by tht, rtpoits oi accounts of postman
ers, and of the depositories let tmng post office it-vmue to have
been on hand on the 1st of January, 1841, eatimatin tin Jime,
if it be impracticable promptly to give it with puftct ticcindfy
The whole amount due to the Department on the list of iami
ary, 1841,divided into goo', doubtful, and b-id, Cbiimatin, the
same if it cannot be promptly ascertained with eiuireaccm icy
The amount reeieved and icporud is subject to dralt dunns;
the quarter ending Majch31, 1811, being the íeceipts for that
quarter's postage
The rate oi annual cost for mail tianspoitation on the 1st of
July, 1841
The nett amount of tetrenUiment in the annual expenditures
of that branch of the service made by the late Postmaster Ot
neial prior to the 4tii of Maich, 1811
The nett amount of reduction in the annual cost of that
branch of the service, present and prospective effected since
the 4th of March last, either by retrenchment oi savings in the
mail lettings
The unadjusted claims for mail transportation presented ¡>mce
the4thof March last, other than íejular quaueily due* with
the namesof the claimants, the specific seivice charged, for the
time it was rendered, and the amount charged m each case,
With a foo \m showing the nggiegate amount
Mr WELLER then moved that when this House adjourns it
jouin lo meet on Tuesd ly next at ten o cloc k
Several objections weie made, and the y tas and nays were
asked and ordeied.
Mr STANLY said that, so fai ai he could learn, the House
had not adjourned over on the 4th of July foi the last four yeaia
This year the 4th of July happened on a Sunday, and gentle
men could not have a better opportunity of ependmq tie day
approoriately He moved to lay the motion of Mi Wbller
on inefable
Mr CALHOUN, togetiid of the difficulty, moved that the
House do Ttów adjoin n, which motion having pievailed,
The House adjourned until Monday morning at lOoMock
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday July 5, 1841.
On mot on of Mr MORGAN, the House re-
solved lt&elf into ©ommittee of thp Whole on the
btate of the Union, (Mr Lawrence oí Pennsyl-
vania in the chair) on the bill to appropriate the
proceeds if the public lands, and to grant pre emp-
tion rights.
The question fcemg on the nvhon of Mr Clif-
ford to state out the enac ing c ause oí the
bill—
Mr. WISE, who uas entitled to the floor,
ros , and was about to <*ddre*s tne comimt'co,
but, at the request of M  Alford, Mr. W
yielded, to en?b'e that gentleman to make an ex
planation.
And no objection having been rradt—
Mr. ALFORD desired, he said, io explain a mi -
understanding of his rem irks on the distribution
bilí, by a geuUcman from Pcnnsjlvarua, [Mr
Brown.]
The gentleman (con mu*d Mr. A ) malíes me
say:
uThe gentleman from Geoigiahad lunaiked that the people
of Georgia were oppostd it this time to a di tribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the pub ic lands among the teta!e^ard
that it was most iniquitous to act upon the subject—tint it was
monstrous, an Itbit the people of Gtor^ia would not submit to
it And he (Mr B ) further understo >d the cent lema n as say
ing,msubstance thit, although he differed from rMnyof his
political frr-nds on some, luuuntm ^ubjeci^, >ctthat he wool 1
not be driven from ib> A Immigration piro, that, iltl outih
they might tob the people of theiriigius, still he would adhere
to hw party *
Now, what I said wa^: i(I cannot be driven by
party discipline to become &Javi$h to any party,
nor can I be induced, by the applause or flattery of
my Democratic friends, to jom them "
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sir, in tru verv sentence in which I declared I
would not be the s'ave of parly, the gsntliman
place* me in an a tnude, by misrepiesentirg what
I did saj, of the m si abjtct siaveiy, ard makes
me ¡.ay further, that aiihough tht Whig patty
migh rob the people, still Í woald adhere to them
This is great injustice to me, uninten'ional no
doubt, but still it must be corrected. My political
associations have been such that I never thought of
this robbing the people; I never said one word in
relation to it, ia the sense imputed to me by the
gentleman
And again, as to the opinion of the peop'e of
Georgia upon the distribution policy, I madeno allu-
sion to that opinion, but only as lo what it would be
m caramon aith the opinion of all other honest and
iiiielligtn' people when it was truly underwood in
its, bearing upon the credit oi the country and upon
the tariff. It has not been made a question in Geor-
gia heretofore, and I said nothing oí w'iat my con-
diments wished or believed in regaid to this mea-
sure I did noi n>-e io make any question of
veracity with the gentleman, but only to correct
his statements of what I did say, thai, as they have
teeti published and suit abroad, this may iohow
a d place me in a comet attitude belore my
fr.ends.
Mr BIDL&CK «a d 1.  desire1 simply to state
ihe tact that his colleague [Mr Brown] was not at
lb  present moment in rii s at.
Mr WibUthea took the floor and addressed the
Comm tice in opposition to the bill
He ob ervrd thit from the in uufestaaons- out of
door , and the adjournment oí tne Senate, he hard-
ly expected that the House would proceed to bust
uess. However, as gentlemen had thought proper
to go into commutes, he would gladly avail him-
selt of the opportunity to give his views on the b'll
before them. The letter of the elder Adams, as
published m the Intelligencer this morning, said
their first duty, on the return of the anniversary oí
our glorious independence, was to return tbanka to
Almighty God. Now, as that anniversary had
come on a Sunday, he trusted that every member
had yesterday obeyed the injunction of the let er
by going to church. But this was the 5lb, and be-
ing a legislative day, be did not know that he
could render better service to his country than by
occupying the time in opposing this distnbut on
scheme.
Mr. W. said that he had herefore discussed the
general principle of distribution, and that u was
not his intention again to go mio the general sub-
ject. It was suflicient for him, upon the general
principle of distribution, to say that he stood now
precisely where he stood four months ago, utterly
disputing and denying every point and principle
ot distribution. The objest of his remarks now would
be more limited—it was lo oppesj the details of the
bill
His objection to it was that it was unequal in its
provisions among the new States theiriselves,and es-
pecially unequivocal as between the new States ana
the old. There were, m faclffotir striking inequali-
ties m ihe bill, only one of which had been named,
and the mott monstrous inequality of all bad been
entirely overlooke 1.
The first inequality was the ten per cent, bonus
coupled wuh a distribution under the new and last
census.
The second was the recognition or rev.val of the
two pel cent, fund, unon which the Cumberland
road was made chargeable, when it w?s notorious
that that fund bad long since expired.
[Mr. PROFlTr gave notice that it was his in-
tention to move, when an opportunity should pre-
sent itself, to strike out from the following pro-
viso of the first section all that portion which is in
italics
"Provided That the sum so allowed to the said States, re
¡,pectively, shall be in no wise affected or diminished on ac
count oi any bunu which tuve been heretofore, or shall be
heieofter l¡¡ plied to the cormrurtmn or continuance of the
( umbuhnd, loid, but that the disbursements jor the laid
7 oad shall lemuiii as heielofoie chargeable on the two per
centum fund provided Joi ot/ eompaUs wuh several of the
suid Stales "]
i'he third inequality was the bonus to the new
States of the grant of half a million of acres to each
of the nine States.
But all these three bonuses were nothing com-
paied to another bonus, wn'ch no gent'eman had
as ya noticed. The last proviso of the second
see'i^n was as follows-
"Provided, also That nothing herein contained «hall be con.
struediothe prejudice of future application  for 11 eduction of
the price of the publ cldide, oi io the piejudite of applied-
tions for a transfer of the public lands, on reasonable teime, to
the States within which they lie, or to make such future dispo-
smonof the public lands, or any part theieof, as it may deem
expedient "
Thus, (Mr. W said,) it was express'y declared
that the pnce of the public land* mignt be de-
creased; and yet the fifth section of &? bill de-
clared that the minimum price at which the public
lands are now sold, at private sale, sbou d not be
increased.
Here was the bonus of bonuses. There was the
temptation and bribe to the new States Give
the<n the guarantee that the pnsent minimum
price is not io be increased, but thst it may be de-
creased hereafter, and they woukl cheeifully give
up the five hundred thousand acres contemplated.
Mr. W fu. ther opposed the bill, for the follow-
ing rei^ons:
la It is unequal, first, ?s between the new
States themselves, and then as between the hew
States anJ tbe old.
2d. As a distribution of revenue from lands it is
unconstitutional, and a violation ot the deed of ces-
sion.
3J. But it is a d s'nbution of customs, and must
necessarily be se, svhi'st there is a deficiency in
the National Tieasury, and whilst ihe present
mini num price is perpetuated by the bill.
4th It is fundamentally and necpssanly a viola-
tion of the compiomise act of 18J2.
5 h It is a part and parcel of the protec'ive sys-
tem of duties.
6 h It ex ends the powtr of the General Go-
vernment through the States to internal improve-
ment, or to any other purpose.
7th. It alienates the Federal Government and
States in being.    Whilst
8th. It centralizes all power m the General G -
vernment, and humbles the States with a corrup-
tion patronage
9th. It unconstilutionally pays the debts of the
individual States, instead ol paying the debts and
provid'ng for ihe general defence of the Un-on
10 h. It pays the debis of States, in order to con-
ceal from the eyes of the people the increase of
taxation, substituting the means of Government for
those of the States.                 ,
11th By substituting the increase of debts in all
the States, to relieve the debtor States from State
taxation, it necessarily makes the people of ihe
non-debtor States partly pay the debts of the people
of the debtor States for woiks created by the latter,
for their sole benefit, and to cumpr te wi h the works
of the former.
12th. It makes at once a poliucal coiruption
fund for pohucians to trade up^n, and under the
modest and virtuous pretence of preventing ' politi-
cal bidding," it pu's in the who e nation, in all its
parti  and its whole, in this first pohticalhd.
Mr W. argued th se points at great leng'h; after
which he glanced at the questiou cf the tariff", and
other incidental topics which had been introduced
in ihe c ur>e of the d'scussicn. He adarcsied the
committre for three hours and a quarter.
Mi. W. having ceiicluded, the Chairiran gave
the floor to
¡Mr. RAYNER of North Carel n?, who moved
that the coLimittee n«e, nhch motion prevai'ing,
the committee rose, reported progress, and asked
leave to sit again.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, July 6, 1841.
Mr LINN presented a memorial from J. E.
Edwards and Wm B R ney, ef the Territory of
Iowa; wh ch was laid on the table.
Mr. CHO VTS p'esent-d the memorial of citi-
zen' of Cnelmsford, E,lat,sachus3 is, in favor of the
passage of a general bankrupt law, which was laid
upon the table
Mr. WHITE presented the memorial of citizens
of Covington, Indiana, in favor of the passage of a
general bankrupt law, which was laid upon the
table.
