CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                153
Mr MED1LL rose to a pomt of order
Mr McKEON called lor the leading of the
127th rule, so that the Hods  might have the whole
matter k for^ it
And trie rule vas read, as icllows
"JSo standing mleor ordei of the Hotse slialt be le cmded
or changed without one day's re ne behis given of the mo
tion thetcfot Pvoi shall any rale ne sua} ended except by a
vote of at least two thuds o{ the lernbeis pre er t ^or
shall the ordei of busme s a* established by the rules of the
Hou e be postuoi t ¡ 01 ehan°e 1 except by a v ite of at least
two thu  &oi the mcmbeis pieseit
"iíesoíicd rhitso rn ich Qt the 127 th rule of the House as
is in Iheloilowtg wuids to wit IS or shall any rule be sus
pende 1 except by a ve te oí a* least two tbnds of the raemj i
present be and heieby ¡i so fat lescin led and change 1 thai
the House may, at any time by a vote oía maj nty of the
membeis present cuspen i the lutes and t tdeis oi he House
for the í mp >se of going into Committee oí the Whole oi the
state ofthe Union "
Mr. MEDILL rose to í question of order m re-
lation to tie.  r-cep ton ot this, report from a mo t
extraotdmmy   cooiniiit e   of this  House.      Tie
points he des'red to make w re the e.  1st  Ti.i 
com^i toe having bttn rái ed   tor  a sp cial pur
pose, mat of n ¡ i iiinr o     t of iol s ior the go-
vernment oi tne Hoi be, cannot re art m pan, or
on  ma ters but n c   em«til.j o>- run itelv conpeued
wi'h iht suljtot uudei consideration ctany o hci
time than when reports a     generally n   order,
without a su*pen<* on   in the rnlts     Th mfih le<.t e
was given to that committee to report at an/ itn ,
the privilege must be considered as confined to the  i
legitimate object for  which it was crea ed     Be-  I
yond this, it w as  invested v i h no more rights or ,
privileges on  this floor Urn any  other committee,
and it will not be contended that reports  generally    |
can be rece ved at this time.   A committee i iveU-   I
ed with extraordinary powers for a specific purpose
should not be permuted to abase those powers by  II
applying them  to otner matters un 'er Ihe p*eterice  I
of bringing m its report by pi ce^eil or "bnken  ¡
doses "    If this is a  inort, t en ha   'be coram ttee
beet Ion  <¡\t>"p rli=<-ohrd   for h  h lieted tris v;?s
the  third time it bad thio^n m re= lui ons   rider
a similar peine
Tne SPEAKER requested the gentleman to con-   I
fine himseli strictly to tn    subject—the statement
oi his poims
Mr MEDILL said that he ras 5*almg tnom as
briefly as possible     Tie neA   po nt was thjt by
then cs ot  the la-t Hot  e, under winch we are
now actios, it is provideu that "no m e or order of
the  HjIi&- sr, ,i i   res   -c^iir e'l-r-ged wnhout
one d j's no ie b   ^   g   eb o tha m i on thjre o ,"
and ' e v. ou1 ¡ ask i  tne ie olut on no y ofr reJ w is  l
not ^ pa pi b joi, not tnly io re unl   the  ^ it""
orders ot thu, House, ot   to    bvert l e very 'outi
datun  of patlwnen ary 1 iw, ana th«i , too, m h-
out a t«o nentV net ci   For these an! oheriea-
son , he  w<<s ratified  ne leport could not be re
ceived at tí is tine, wi hoJt a palpable violation of
the rules of in* llouae                                                      i
Tne bPElKCR 'tc UtJ that i was <n order to
receive the ie,trt a. this tire
Mi. AihDILL appea ed from the oeeision ot fh*   '
Cnair, and up n this he    ai a fe v words   o s^y
He did not b heve tnn   ?i > oat had the power u  |
do mdirecttj wha' ne ecu d i ot Co dt.eotl)     Tne
gentleoian   i rom   iln sacuuse is   fVr    Cal-ioun]
could not, as a n nioe , or cvn tic chiiimau ot
any other cojr>mittet,   idvc oflV. ed  his resoiutu n
Withou  the consent ol t ío-tMidsof th... n emoers of
this Housi, but by bnn.,1 „     m under ll e ga se of
p repoit from  a coinnuttet investid tvith special
powers ioi   anottier  and a spectet' parpt e     The
com mi tee was i >ised, as  -, tie cour-e pt the ci ti    I
mencement oí e/ery vts to i, to iepo't a set of "Is'
for the gove-nmen' oi the Hou e     Tn    is a ^p^oi-   '
fie dutj, and, wnen acrompu hed, tht com-m t°e is   I
dissolved       That   ben g   a   n alter   of   pi nary
^mpoitance,   t e   com mttce   wns   auth nz d   to
eport    at   any     time       But     we     no v    tind
l at    wAhou     proe-ediic;   to   f e   di^aha-ge   o    |l
.ts   doty,  or intending,  as he   ppprdienred,   to    |
p" e ed to i <; dis< id'ge at the pr   etii session,  tne   I
cumin ttee is <ivailm<r i ••elf oi a privilege comerred
for a diffe ent purpos'—to bring    1 *  mnnuty   in
this House  under   the  ah ol"*e  and  unresii cted
control of me majority     Would tils poser ever
have been grinted it   the Hou^e hid thought for
one moment it vould have been  thus extended or
thus abused'   Whether m the public councils or
pava e walks of life, he was in favoi of marching
up bo' ily ¡id i \ en y to the object intended to be
effecce 1, and wou d o, pose put'ing a construct on
on this or ary o her gran of powei lint wa. Qiffei
ently unelerstood at the ti ne, aid nh en, to be now
emorced, would operas  most injuriously to the
long established right  of the minority Tlie g n
Ueman v.ho offe ed the rpsolu ion rai ing this
commit oe had no idta that he was plating
over our htads such a committee a.s tins,
which, instead of proceeding to the discharge oí
the da íes for > hica it was ostensibly cieaed, is
but «ending in an occasional missil  to ab nl^e
ota rigb * What ,s the endenoy and operation
of this monstrous propobition urns scugit to he
adop ed vikioui a suspension oí i e rule-? I is to
enable the majorit> to apily ne gag m Con nt
lee oi the Wrwle ¿s wlL ab m the rlcuse, am
thus cut off all debate on any subject whatevei
Tms is a p opobition mai I veituie to s y «as
never befote made in any lesi-la'ivi body, and
even m & British Parliament woaid subject ita lt o-
ver t) the mobt indignant roDuice In the Com-
mit ee oi the Who'e the utiro t lali'ud" of debate
has ever been indulged, snd th n the minority have
a right to be n«vrd wi nout any omer restraint
th in is impure., on all In the British Paihament,
as v/ed do in the leg slat ve bod °s oí this country,
all bills iais na supplies or 1 /y ng ax^s, must be
comrritted here, tuat ihe discussion ma) be free,
and umebtiiined by le n>ajoi ty, which is must
freau n'ly wim the Exetutive
But adopt tae prop si ion of me gentleman fr m
Massacnu etts, [Mr. Calholn,] and you can cut
offal! deba'e n t only in the Hausa out the Com-
mittee oí 'he Whole, whmever a drlhd majority
shall «o determine Thus appropriations may be
made a.rd our constituents tax d ¡o maintain the
expenses of oar t xtiava°an"e oi Govetnire it, and
standing ie e in tre m no itj, though r pr"sentmg a
laige ai d it1 eihg"pt c nsii i ency, o ir tn mil s may
be absolutely closed, and abuses of eve^y kind ma>
be pracosed wnhau the p"Soioi'iiy of exposure
Why, s r, the gen lemat liona New York [Mr.
MoaGii.] was so in ent on app'ymg the axe, that he
moved tne previous quesi on to gag me before I
staled ray po nts. He waull ^sir wheth r t vas
fair, maznar n ous, oi just ip ¡rrmci^le1 Si iar
from it, he beloved any suci CT-uactun w uU
opp'at'  as dfradJ on a pom n ol fe ruembcis of
th s House.
fhe SPE\KLR ciileJ ih get tienen to order,
us tils r ma ks v tr° a rrfl c 10 i oí t it motives of
the t   airi ai,   t tin  c m m tfe
M' MEO LL procstd ag.iii ¡ ij suche fl-
strucl on being niaced on Ms remiks Helad
ñu lug o do win h> Mi'ivtb c gn"' ic i—V
wa> speakuif oi tl e tendency and i p i?t on oi the
prop si in, witho a any desire to impugn mo-
tives.
Tne SPEAKER required him e tak  h s seat
lIr HUNTER ro e to a quevt oí oí oidei H
wi«h>-d o knou by \ hat aat lunty the C*aupit
down a gontlem n when no otn r ¡ne bervbjee vd
to his proceeding A gent en an, f-ough decided
out ot Older, i*at hbeuyto j ro„ett. i il objecti n
is made
-\u ANDREWS th -                v     i   obj ft
M JOHNSOX oi IV.* rjlaui iin ved t at t c
gen'emui have 1 ue to prccte , v h on un*
agreed t>
M MEDILL re un i H° vou'd el >imto sp ak
oí vasuie„ wi h heeda'u He In </ n si ohts, and
\j s disposed to ma siiain them He we spcakit g
ot the tendetic) oi tne proposition «oignl to te in
triuueed by the gen leman from M s a-h'Js Its,
which '7as to atiesi free nqi'iry, cat oT al. de
bate, pia.ee ne r> i or iy oi this Hon«e 11 tne hanos
of arifjon>, and snoieet them to every s i e i.
oi tjram y that their recent ^ecss n.it,t t occa-
sion llv ir nice them to p'act se No coi lino
t en can De right that is 'has de truc ve oi the
irtedoT! of "p tch, and the exercise ol a just inde-
pendence. But it was also provided that m change
should be pronobed 'o tie rules or o'deis of this
House without a day's none Ttis is nccessaiy,
io put gentemen on their guard, and enable them
to compare it with existing ru'es, ascertain where
i  conflicts, aad its beatmg on the bu>mts  ol the
House and the country. *Fhough the change pro-
posed is vital, no notice whatever is given, but
the ample powers of this committee are called in to
effect, by a bare maj only, what would otherwise
lequire tuo thirds Gentlemen should recollect
tnat majoimes are not always ou one tide. He
hoped the House would reject this measure,
as well as this atie")pt,tíiíferec%,to force it on their
consul ratlin, and especially at tins time. But
yes erday we were engaged in celebrating the anm-
veisajy of that glorious day when our ancestors
sie ok off th  shackles of a foreign and oppressive
despot sm, and he hoped that while the sound of
tne cannon was yet vibrating in ourears, this attempt
to tyrannize over a portion of the Representatives
of the people, and gag their mouths, would not sue-
ce d in th s House. The menory of that illustri-
ous day and the deed forbid it
Tne me^uies that are suggested to the conside-
ran, n ot Congress at the present session were of
the highest importance Nothing of the same mag-
nitude hid ever engaged the attention ofthe Repre-
sentatives of the peop'e at the same time It is
propos  d to g' tnt the proceeds of the public lands
to the S'ates which hitherto had been a great
sourcs ot revenue to the General Government.
Tai.es or increased duties were proposed m
their stead A bill lays on your table au-
thorizing a loan of §12 000,000, and an institution
that bad long ceased to exist was now sought to be
revived Adopt the proposition of Ihis extraordi-
nary cormit'ee, and these great measures that are
intended to change ihe whole policy of the Govern-
ment, will be pas ed on m silence. Common pru-
ence requires that tney should be exa mned,and dis-
cussed wi h the most unlimited freedom Why the
letessity oi this eha~ge in th parliamentary law?
Had the minority consumed any time impropeily?
Is this preiended' So lar from it, or any intention
to thu effect, he believed there was no one who
would not be vil'mg to submit his course to the
p iblic, and bear his own responsibilities For him-
seli, he woiud consult to no unnecessary consump-
tion of a Ti . Lor^ as tie pa'ty w th which he
scted had been in tne majority here, and much as
the Opposition sought to embarrass the course of
bn'ines , no act ot tyranny like this was ever at-
tempted.
Tn  res. 1 jtnn that was pa scd at the first ses-
sio i oi the last C n ..res', ai d ^hici gen'lemen
claim as a prc^, den , nquired ihe sanction of
two-th rds of the House, not only to introduce it,
bu' to passit vlien íntiodiued, and even this was
not ¡ esoi'ed to nn"l the bill had been k"pt in Com-
m t e ct t-e Whoie ioi some fi/e or s x veeks.
H t 11 he found in ^ejoo nal ot that session at
pa' 1156. He wou'd consent to a similar rule
at th s time, «nd wlich tan Le íeported without
tills attempt o violate the long estih ished orders
ot ihj Hcu.«e Net only is a most dangerous in-
novi -m upon th" act on of ihe House proposed,
b • is to be oroi i about in a manner s'lll more
u^ngeroes
A commit e, c' i rg to be peipetual in lis du-
ration., and dtc ed to be always m order, is suf-
e ed to liten the de'ib^ a i as ct ihis body, and
threat: n'o cti' the moo hs of the minority if they
sbon Í ■■ - o t tne least oos lnacy or indepen-
den p Fti one,he wtuid not submit to it Sus-
ta n the 'eci ion ot the Chair, and the rights of the
mi ion 5 a e pros rale—th libeny of speech taken
a«.av—v¡a < e poi sn tri'impiiabt in this House.
T ie SPEA KER stated tbe grounds ot his deci-
s ( n
Mr A CiT.T JOHNSON (althougn, be said,
h* h.it had . s nit e to do with the appointment of
ihis aeieit Cüinmutee tn the Rules as any mem-
btr) wou d vote to sustain ihe dec sion of the
Orii Tie majority oí tne Ho e had given to
tiii a a ai ¿r i  pow r to act as it had done and
t ccoursf li'ts suggested met with his cordial con-
ci>r cíe1 He I e1 íes ed that iLms b 11 neier need
hive be-n commit ed ¡o tne Conmiuee ofthe
Who!  on the state ot the Union He, for one,
uas wi'hng to take all the responsibility, before the
Hou e and t!r nation, oí viting to bring within a
reasonable limit of discussion the great measures
which had been, or might be, reported, and then of
bringing tn* Hou e to a vote upon them.
