154
He moved the previous question on the appeal.
And there was a second.
And ihe main question was ordered to be taken.
Mr. McKEON asked the yeas and nays on the
appeal; which were ordered.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
127, nays 78.
So the decision of th« Chair was affirmed.
Amd the question being on the adoption of the
report of the Select Committee-
Mr. BRIG-GS moved to amend the same by add-
ing, at the end thereof, tne following words:
"After it may oi shall have been in committee at least six
days."
And the question being on the amendment,
Mr. CALHOUN rose to say a few words-
Mr. ATHERTON rose to a point of order. He
objected, under the 127th rule, to the consideration
oí the report at this time, on the ground that it was
not in order, because the rule required one day's
notice to be given before changing or rescinding
any standing rule of the House. [The point of
order of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mw>ill]
went to the reception; his (Mr. A's) point of order
went to the consideration.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules ihe point
of order of ihe gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. ATHERTON was proceeding to state his
views—.
When he SPEAKER said that the appeal was
not debatable.
Mr. ATHERTON said he would appeal fiom
that decision also.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to pile
one appeal on another.
And the question being taken on the appeal ef
Mr. Athsrton, that the consideration of the report
was not now in order under ihe rnle, it was decided
in the negative.
So the House affirmed the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McKEON rose to a point of order. He
submitted to the Chair that the reception of the re-
port was not in order, on the ground that, under
the resolution by which the committee had been
appointed, that committee could only report at one
time.
The SPEAKER oveiruled the point of order:
first, because Ihe construction put by ihe Chair on
the words of the reóolution by which the committee
was raised, did not agree with the construction put
upon it by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
McKeonj] and, secondly, because the question of
reception had already been decided by a vote of the
House.
Prom this decision ¡vlr. McKEON appealed.
And, after a few remarks from that gentleman m
explanation oí his point of order—
The previous question was moved and seconded.
And the main question (being on the appeal)
was ord.-red, and, being uken, was decided in the
negative.
¡So the House affirmed the decision oí ihe Chair.
And the question recurring on Iha amendment
of Mr. Bwoas—
Mr CALHOUN rose to say a few words in ex-
planation vt ihe report of ¡he committee, bit, be-
fore doing'o, Hiv,ted gentlemen, it they had any
more points ot order tu íaise, ir any more appeals
to take, lo do so now, in order that he might not
be interrupted.
Mr. WISE desired to put an inquiry .o d>e chair-
man of the commi'tee, and, for that puipo?e, asked
Mr. Calhoum to yield the floor.
And Mr CALHOUN having yield „u fur that
purpose—
Mr. WISE said that, some time a;;o, he had
asked ih  gentleman from Matsichu.etts [Mr.
Calhoun] when ihe eotnruitleeof which le was at
the head, would report an entire system of
amendments At ih-it lime, he (Mr. X1 .) under-
stood Ihe gent'einan to sjy that it was probable
that a full n port would not be made at this ses-ion.
He might have misunderstood the gentleman; if
so, he should be glad. And he would now put
the question, When would that committee report
an entire system of amendments? His reason for
asking this question now was------
Mr. STANLY called Mr. Wise to order.   He
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
objected to both the inquiry and the response as out
of order
Mr. WISE said that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had politely yielded ihe floor to him.
He (Mr. W ) did not mean to violate the rules
of order. He considered that Ihe question now
before the House was the consideration of this
report.
The SPEAKER said it was.
Mr. WISE. In direct connection with the con-
sideration of this report, and with the vote which
members would givt, he wished to ascertain this
tact: whether or not the Select Committee on the
Rules would make a full and final report now or
ever. And as a reason for this inquiry he must
saj------
Mr. STANLY called Mr. Wise to order.
The SPEAKER said that the suggestion of rea-
sons fer Ihe inquiry was not in order. In the opi-
nion of the Chair, inquiries addressed to chairmen
of committess, and responses to those inquiries,
were m order. It was important that such inqui-
ries should be put and answered for the informa-
tion of the House. But the Chair did not con-
sider that the suggestion of ihe reasons fur making
the inquiry, prior to, or even after, a response, un-
til the gentleman who was entitled lo the floor, and
who was addressing the Chair, should have taken
his seat, was in order. If such things were in or-
d«tr, speeches, interlarded with speeches, would be
made, and ihere would be no regular order of pro-
ceeding in the House.
Mi. WISE asser'ed his right to the floor. The
floor had been yielded to him; and if it were possi-
ble that he could be guilty of such disrespect to the
gen'leman from Massachusetts, and to himself, as
to abuse the privilege granted to him by that gen-
tleman, he (Mr. W.) being now in possession of
the floor, might go and speak to the consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. WARREN and Mr. STANLY called Mr.
Wise to order.
The SPEAKER said that he considered the gen-
tleman from Virginia, in any remarks beyond the
inquiry itself, as out of order.
Mr. WISE again insisied that the floor had been
yielded to him, and that, when once yielded, he
might take even the debate out of Ihe mouth of the
gentleman from Massachutelts, if he (Mr. W.)
could so iar forget what was due to that gentleman
and himself as to do so.
The SPEAKER declared the gentleman out of
order.
Mr. WISE trok his seat, remarking that he pro-
tested against the proceeding, and that he would
not hereafter submit to such a decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WISE. I will not do so, because it would
be an abuse of the privilege accorded to me by the
hentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. CALHOUN supported the report of the
committee in a few brief remarks.
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question.
Mr. PROFFÍT hoped, before the genileman
pressed that motion, he would allow him (Mr. P.)
to make an inquiry.
Mr. STANLY said no.
And the qu-vion on seconding the demand for
the prev tus question being taatn, the vote stood:
Ayes 110, noes 89.
S > ihere  as a second.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked the yeas and nays on
ordering the rniin question; which were ordered.
Mr. GILMER inquired of ihe Chair whit the
main que .ion would be?
The SPEAKER said it would be fitst on the
amendment, and then on the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CLIFFORD said he understood that the
previous question would apply bo h to the amend-
ment and the report.
The SPEAKER.    Certainly.
Mr. CLIFFORD. That being ihe case, then,
let gentlemen understand that all debate will be
cut oft".
And the question on ordering the main question
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative:
yeas 124, nays 88.
So the House decided that the main question
should now be put.
Mr. BRIGGS then modified his amendment to
read as follows:
"After it may or shall have been in committee at least six
days, provided the six days' time shall not apply to any bill
which may be amended in the Senate, and committed under
said amended rule."
Mr. HOLMES desired to move an amendment
to the amendment.
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order to
do so, the previous question having been seconded.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and
nays on the amendment of Mr Bbiogs; which
were ordered, and, being taken, were: yeas 107,
nays 102.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the question reeuning on the adoption of
the report, as amended—
Mr. ANDREWS moved to lay ihe whole sub-
ject on the table.                  ♦
Mr. SL ADE asked the yeas and na>s on that *
motion; which were ordered, and, being taken, j
were, yeas 100,nays 111.                                             j
So the motion to lay the whole subject on the j
table, was rejected.                                                        i
And the question again recurring on the motion, '
as amended—
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland (having voted in
the affirmative) moved a reconsideration of the vote       s
by which the amendment of Mr. Briobs bad been       ¡
adopted, and moved the previous question on that       (
motion.                                                                         j
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the motion to re- ,
consider on ihe table, and asked the yeas and nays; ,
which were ordered.                                                       ,
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina submitted ¡
to the Speaker that the gentleman from Maryland ¡
[Mr. Kennedy] could not make two motions at j
one time; that he could not move a reconsideration (
and then move the previous question on that mo- j
tion.                                                                              .
The SPEAKER said that, under the uniform ¡
practice of this House, it was in order to do so.             .
Mr. CAMPBELL hoped the Speaker would re-
view his decision.                                                           ¡
The SPEAKliR said  that, not considering the        j
decision to be wrong, the Chair was not inclined to
review it.                                                                       ¡
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Speaker whether ¡
the metion to lay on the table, if it prevailed, would >
lay the whole resolution on the table?                             ¡
The SPEAKER said it would not.                              ,
And the question was then taken, and decided in '
the negative—yeas 88, nays 120.
So the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on ¡
the table was rejected.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question on the motion to reconsider,        '
there was a second.
And the main question, being on the motion to
reconsider, was ordered.
Mr. RHETT asked the yeas and nays on the
mam question; which were ordered, and, beirg
taken, were—yeas 116, nays 100.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question recurring on the adoption of the
amendment—
Mr COOPER of Pennsylvania moved the pre-
vious question; and there was a second.
And the m«ra question was ordered to be taken.
Mr. WELLER asked the yeas and nays on the
main que-tion; which were ordered.
Mr. BRIGGS a^am modified his amendment,
by striking oat "six" days and inserting "four."
And the question on the adoption of the amend-
ment as modified was then taken and decided in
negative—yeas 31, najs 114.
So the amendment was rejected.
And the quesaon aga.n recurring on the adop-
tion of the report of the committee—
Mr. WELLER. asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and being taken, were yeas 117,
nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, L. W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Ba-
ker, Barnard, Birdseye, Black, Blair, BoardmatJ,
Borden, Butts, Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Chit-
