his or her residence in the State or Territory in which such
land may bs situated with a view to settle upon the same, nor
hath he or she settled upon and improved said land to sell the
same on speculation, but in good faith toappiopriate it to his
or her own exclusive use or henefit; and that he or she has not,
directly or indirectly, made any agreement or contract, in any
way or manner, with any person or persons whatsoever, by
■which the title which he or she might acquire from the Go-
vernment of the United States, should enure m whole or in part,
to the berfefitof any person except himself or herself; and if
any person taking such oath shall swear falsely in the premi-
ses, he or she shall be subject to all the pains and penalties
of perjury, and shall forfeit the money which he or she may
have paid for said laud, and all right and title to the same;
and any grantor conveyance which he or she may have made,
except in the hands of bonajide purchasers, for a valuable con-
sideration, shall be null and void. And it shall be the duty of
the officer administering such oath to file a certificate thereof in
the public land office of such district, and to transmit p dupli-
cate copy to the General Land Office, either of which shall be
good and sufficient evidence that such oath was administeied
according to law
Sec 14. And be it further enacted, That this act shall not
delay the sale of any of the public lands of the United States
beyond the time which has been or may be appointed by the
proclamation of the President; nor shall the provisions of this
act be available to any person or persons who shall fail ¡o
make the proof and payment, and file the affidavit required,
before the day appointed lot the commencement ol the sales as
aforesaid.
¡Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
person has settled or shall settle and improve a tiact of Idiid
subjectat the time of settlement to private entry, and "¡mil
intend to purchase the same under the provisions of this <ict,
such peison shall, in the íii¡-t case, within three months atter
the passage of the same, and in the last within thuly days
next after the date of such settlement, file with the Register of
the proper district a wntten statement describing the land
settled upon, and declaimg the intention of such person to
claim the same under the provisions of this act; and shall,
wheresuch settlement is already made, withm twelve months
after the passage of this act, and where it shall hereafter be
made within the same period after thedatn of such settlement,
make the proof, affidavit, and payment herein requited; and
if lie or sheshall fail to file such wntien statement as afoie-
said, or shall Kill to make such affidavit, proof, and payment.
within the twelve months aforesaid, the tract of land so set-
tled and improved shall be subject to the entry of any other
purchaser.
The House, at twenty minutes after eleven, then
adjourned.
During the day, several amendments were of-
fered and rejected; among which was one fiora
Mr. Ward of New York, who moved to amend
the first section of the bill by adding the following
proviso:
Pmvidtd, That the proceed! of the sales of fhe
public lands be applied, for three years after the
passage of this act, to the defence oí the country
and the increase of the navy,
Mr. Atherton also offered an amendment pro-
viding that the distribution of (he proceeds ¡-hordd
be confined to such lands as vrere ceded by the
States to ihe General Government. On this the
vote slood, for the proposition, 87—all Democrats
excepl six; in the negative, 115—all Whigs.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, July 7, 1841.
The CEIAIR submitted a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmuting a re-
port from F. R. H-issler, announcing the comple-
non ot the ounce weights, which is the last oí ihe
series of ihe standard weights. T.e commumca-
-tion was laid on the table and ordered io be
printed.
Also a communicition from the Secretary of ihe
Navy in compliance with a resolution o: ihe Se-
nate, showing the number of muskets and pi-sols
now in possession of tae D°parimen ; which wa«
laid on ihe table and ordered io be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN pusenled a 'memorial from
citizens of Philadelphia, prajmg the estabh-htn-m
of a bankrupt law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presenttd <t nr notüi ír-\¡n citi-
zens of Schenectadsy, Nev/Yo-k, re-mm.-'ratnig
against the p\soage of any act o mcorpori'e an
association of persons to r >rr> on h..rikins basinets
beyond the limits of the Dk-ins: of Columbia;
which was ordered to be printed.
REMOVALS PROM OFFICE.
The resolution submitted sorm days since, by
Mr. Buchanan, calling for the name; of prr-
sons removed fiom. office since the 4th of March
last, was taken up.
Mr. LINN said he would not inflict a speech of
his own on (he Sena'e, hut he would read extrnc's
from speeches made on this subject, at various
times, by the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
which portrayed the odiousness of proscribing men
for their political opinions, m stronger and more ap-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
propriate language than any he con'.d offer. He then
proceeded until rhe expuation of the morning hour,
when hi yi< Ided the floor.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved to take up the
bill from the House to distribute the proceeds of
the sales of ihe public lands for the purpose of
reference.
The bill was taken up, read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BENTON said the proceeding was in con-
travention of the rule of the Senate, in the obser-
vance of which his colleage had yielded the floor
at the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana could see no reason to
object to a mere reference of the bill.
Mr. BENTON said the. majority had passed a
rule against ihe wishes of the rainoniy tn govern
the proceeding , of the bid,. He only asked them
to observe their own rule.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the rule would be ob-
served or repealed, fie asked that it might be
read.
The rule was then read, and declared that at the
expira'ion oí ihe morning hour ihe Senate shall
proceed to ihe consideration of the special or-
der, without otherwise ordered by the Senate.
The CHAIR said, a motion having been made
by a Senator to take up the bill, in < rder that it
might have its fir-t reading, and no objection being
made, he considi red it no contravention of the rule
to put the motion.
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Trie Senate th;a pr-ieeeded to consider the btll
to inc.irporstc ¡he subscribers lo the Fi°c.ü Bank
of the United States.
Mr. BUCHANAN took the floor, ia opposition
to the bill, and examined and commented at much
lengtii on the prop"sitions cont lined in the report
of the Sdect Commit,ec on the Currency. The
rerort a*serts tha a ve-d.ct of the. people of this
country has been renden-d in favor nf ¡he es'kblish-
mea: of .i Nitral Uink. Where was the evi-
dence of thi< verdic? It was not msdea qnes ion
at the Presidential election, nor coull th,; result of
that election be tiken as evidence "f such a ver-
dict. In his own S'ate there haj b.---n receniy a
special election for a member of Congress, in the
district compri-ing the cunli^s of Fayette arvl
Green, sad such is the state o'"p ihbc opinion in
that sectten, that even t>e Whi¿ candidos deehred
himself a friend of the Independent Tieasury,
and an enemy of a United States Bsmk. What
would be ihe 'Sect of this forcing of a Bank bill
through Congress, when public opin'on is toNally
unprepared for it? Why, the cry ef repeal will be
raised, which wdi resound from Maine fo the Gulf,
and frrm the shores of the Atlantic to the Rocky
Mountains, and the cry of repeat v-dd be couiiuu-
ed until the Bank is repealed, or twil ibis Govern-
ment settles down into a moneyed aristocracy.
The commute? say (hey  consider the que-tion
constitu'iornl'jc.settled.    He considered that idea !
preposterous i No judicial opinion could  restrain !
membfis <■( Coneres- f> m acting on   thet- own ,
opinions of cons Í ut.onality when the sub] -ct xva? i
presented to \h;m for t'reir deci-ion.   The i'ocision ¡
of the  Súmeme  Court   in,   Ik"  MaTyl.v,d. ea-e, !
which had been so  often ett-d, oidy rl^ci'trd Ibat if \
Congress cons'dered a  Bvik  necessity  to  carry \
into effect that cliis'e of  Ihe   Co.i-n'utign wh'ch '
empowers ihem to \/¡'j duties an! collect U^es, the
court would not determine :o the  contra'v.    This !
ooinion was in force  dunnr  fhe  -. x-o-'tpce  of ihe !
B.-.r.k,   bat  when the question com s np .-.re'<- the |
couit refers fee  whole  "--n'-jeef   hick to  C"ng:ess.  |
Bat even if the court  did d> cide ¡n this mailer, h<-
was not or-e o*  tn-o-o who  wpre — t'lirc- to r-r--!   ?he  '
liberties oJ~ this countrv on   :he  drei-i ¡is   of any  I
earthly tribunal.    He wis  astonish" I at ¡he semi- 1
merts  arm wed   yt-s>er''ay    by   'he  Sena' >r  from !
Massarhnsetts [Mr. Bates] as to ¡he mfaUdvbiv of {
the  decisions  oí   the  Sup,erne  Court—that they ¡
were to be held as authoritative as our  Saviour's '
expos tion of the moi-t]  law, and (hit these expo-
sitions were to be incorporated with the text. - This
Rtgument would have made the alien and'T-dition
laws a  part   of  the   Constitution, of the  United
Slates, as both those obnoxious l?ws received the
sanction of the Supreme Court.
Ú1
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Clay] had
intimated that he would have preferred another
location for the parent Bank to the city of Wash-
ington, but he (Mr. B.) supposed he had yielded
this preference for the sake of unanimity. Now
in his opinion this was a vital point. If this Bank
Í3 intended to encourage the commerce, the manu-
facture--, arid the agriculture of the country, this is
the worst place that could be selected; for there is'
neither commerce, nor manufactures, nor agricul-
ture here; but if the object is to make a great Go-
vernment Bank, and to encourage trading politi-
cian*, here is the very spot for that purpose; and
the money power and the political ffewer he had
no doubt would work together most harmoniously.
He then went on to show (hat the proposed in-
stitution would be a Government Bank in every
essential particular. The Government wsuld con-
tribute the greater portion of (he stock; it would
control the Bank directors; it would be ihe greatest
depo-itor; and the profits overa certain amount
were 'o be paid into the Treasury. The first
B nk of the United Sutes bad a board of twenty-
five director?, of T-hichnone were appointed by
the Government; the second Bank of the United
Staes had a'sa twenty-five directors, of which five,
or one-fifth, wore appointed by the Government.
In Ihe present institution the number of directors is
reduced to nine, of which three, or one-third, are
to be appointed by the Executive, the mere
creamres of his will, depending on him for their
sabires, and perhaps for bread to f-ed their wives
and children. It wavtben, only necessary to gain
over two oth-is, and there would be no difficulty
in this, fer wealth and power were always ready
to rush into each othei's arms. We had witnessed
in onr dav, in the oppos.iiou of General Jackson
to ihe Bank, an exception to a general rule, which
we would never have .in opportunity of witnessing
again The-moneyed power might hereafter act
the Warwick in making Kings, but would not at-
tempt to pull them do>vn. Even the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine the accounts
of t'm Bank is only another means of Executive
influence, ins'esd of furnishing any security to the
public, or to ihe stockholders. With the immense
power of this institution over ¡he business and
pro¡y rity of the country, and its close connection
\with and subserviency to Executive influence,
hereafter <>;hen a puiic is nece sary, there will be
no d.fíicüUy in cieating one. if, previous to an
election, it is wanted to convince the people sf
this couniry that they are the moa miserable and
ill t f ate 1 on the fací of the earth, it will be only
necessary to give thescretv two or three turns,
and it will be accomplished; on theconirary, if it
is v,-ant-d to make them believe that the Govern-
ment is wisely and beneficially administered, a
fl iod of paper money will be let loose over the land,
ard Ihe ciy will go rp f'om the Capitol, what a
,?¡íe cf vernment which showers such blessings
upon the porp e!
T'.e Government wrl own a ra-.j-rity of thj
stock of this B-mk. It i - to sub-.cr.be len millions
at firn; ¡.nd ther, if net taken up by individuals, it
is to take one thir.) of (he remaining twenty mil-
lion'-; and h" had : i doubt if e'er this Bink went
in'o ope>--:no-), thi- Governme i' would own up-
warvs'of sixteen million.-, and a half of the stock,
more ;ha:> a rr.o!ety of ihe whole. And how are
we o pa-' !'■". ibis f-'ock? By running into debt.
VVbeHtr.e nation ii debt wa3 pad off during the
administration of G-.ncr.tl Ji-k-.oit, tbeie was a
k n-1 of uni.-er'a! jubilee at th  proud spectacb we
p-.-.;o-¡> I t-> '-ie nations of th-earh of a people
t..,|,, ¡., f.,,-. ir„ji ,i p.;ii'ic debt. Now we are to
¡u-i rmteen millions in deb' for ¡he purpose of buy-
in o bank s>ock. Tfc.'s is finaneirrinq with a ven-
K<4.o< e, Kivl worthy l'.v- head of lb* Treasury,
t- ho-o report on the state of t'.e finances but a sin-
<fle Senator had attempted to defend.
" The stock of this Bank mig'u be taken, not by
capit'lis's hot by needy adventurer*, who wanted
to borrow,'not to lend; who want to fingir the ca-
pital contiibu'cd by the Government. The Sena-
lor fiom Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has said the stock
will readily be taken; that there is a larie amount
of unemployed capital in the country So there is,
and its being unemployed may be attributed to this
