170                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years would pass away before they would be able to
liberate themselves from its thraldom. Before Hea-
ven, he wooid rejoice if all our political predilection?
and prejudices could be thrown on one common
pile, and that this great question of the currency
could be taken up, and discussed and settled in a
manner which would conduce to the best interests of
the country. The friends of the bill now before
them, bad a strong reason" for pressing it forward
at the present moment. They knew if it was not
passed now, they would lose the opportunity of
attributing to its beneficial operation the relief
from our recent difficulties and embarrassment,
which the labor of the country is rapidly accom-
plishing In illustration, he would narrate an
anecdote oí a celebrated surgeon, who, in the be-
ginning of the last century, acquired a ic-
putation and an immense fortune by his treat-
ment of incised wounds He would direct that
the wound should be wrapped up in its own blood.
He would then produce an ointment, for which he
charged a prodigious price, with which the edge of
the weapon that inflicted the wound was to be fre-
quently rubbed, and at the end of seven days the
bandages were removed, and the wound was found
to be healed. No one thought of the sanative
power of nature to restore heabhfu) action, and
the cure was attributed to the wonderful properties
of tbe ointment. The delusion was complete, and
the quack acquired immense wealth. This is a
true illustration of the bans quackery of the pre-
sent day.
It was one of the cbaractensucs of our institu-
tions that every movement of our Government is
as public as it written with a sumbcam, but with
this characteristic the banking system is strangely
at variance. What was the coarse pursued to-
wards the Government directors m the late Bank
of the United States, when they made public some
of the transac ions of the Bank parlor, which they
deemed it their duty to do? The cry wag cruelty
them' crucily them' He thought publicity was
eminently called for in an institution so closely
connected with the Government as the present
He referred to the course pursued by Gen Jackson
towards the Bank, and the inveterate hostility it
provoked Posterity would do him justice, and
the battle of New Orleans, glorious as it was,
would fade into insignificance, compared with his
refusal to embark his fortunes in the vessel of the
Bank. The one was compassed by physical cour-
age, the other displayed the high moral couiage
which eminently dMingush d that great nnn
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that this amendment
would receive the unanimous vote of ihe Senate.
The object of this bank is to regálate the curren-
cy—that is, to make it more or Jess—and, as a cm-
sequence, to make prices mote or less This, every
one must see, leaches the business oí the humblest
citizen, as well as the richest. The Chamber of
Commerce of Manchester showed that the Bank of
Kngland, by contracting six millions, affected the
value of property to the an.ount of forty milbons.
A great Treasury Bank's contractions mus reach
here all the State institutions This, then, in an
infinite variety of ways, presses upon the interests
of the people.
Mr C. next pointed out the effect of a contrac-
tion ol even six millions, and showed, conclusive
ly, that there never was invented a more potent
engine of power than that oí a board of nine bank
directors sitting m secret conclave, and controlling
at pleasure by orders tor contractions and expan
sions,the destinies ol a great confederation of peo-
ple He showed that the three directors to be ap-
pointed by the Executive, may, by this means,
build up or pull down fortunes, and thus exert un-
limited sway through this monetary machine over
the popular institutions These directors have
then only to give order* to contract or expand, to
effect an/ political object to suit the purpo es
or views of their appointing power, to which,
from the nature of things, they mu«t be
subservient Their power over the elections will
be irresistible. If ihe people are to be goaded in-
to exasperation, contraction after contraction may
be kept up, as it was before the late Presidential
election; if the prosperity of an Administration is
to be made manifest at the eve of a re-election, ex-
pansion on expansion may succeed each other till
the people are made to believe they never have
had such good times before. If an object is to be
attained by controlling the great staples of any one
section of the country, this board of directors has
but to order an expansion in that section, and con-
traction in its presumed rival, and the trade of
both will be absorbed by the one where the expan-
sion is ordered, and distress will be produced where
the contraction occurs. This board, by its fiat, can
set up Mobile against New Orleans, or New Or-
leans against Mobile, and make either, at plea-
sure, the emporium of the cotton trade ri the
South It is urged that the public mind is not pre-
pared for in  prmciple of publicity, applied to
banking, that there is a prejudice against the ex-
posure of private accounts. That prejudice does
not come from the people; it comes from th^se
who never shou'd, and never could, have such ac
counts if publicity were a ruling principle of such
institutions This amendment is one calculated to
reach to all the people, and he (Mr. Calhoun)
would call upon the gentlemen on tbe other .idc to
rise and show a single reason why the ordtrs of
this board of directors should not be made public,
not only in a matter affecting the prices of labor
and property all over tbe land, but in all and
every matter connected with the whole institution
Mr NICHOLSON said, that notwithstanding
the time already devoted to the discussion of this
proposition, he attached so much importance to the
principle of giving publicity to thp transactions of
the Bank directors, he would detain the Senate a
few moments longer in prosecuting the investiga-
tion. In all the votes had given on the various
propositions to amend the bill, he had acted upon
the supposition that a Bank would certainly be
made, and he should continue to act upon the «ame
principle He had not suffered himself to hope
that, with a known majonty of seven in tbe Se-
nate, and ne'rly fifty in the House, it was possible
for this measure to be defeated It was the favo-
rite measure of ihe majority—that which had pro-
duced th's extraordinary session of Congress, and
its passage was not doubted by him In voting
udon thfs amendment then, he should vote with
an eye to the improvement of the bill, as he had
done on all other amendments, and n it with a view
of embarrassing the measuie, nor with reftrenee
to the question of a repeal of the charter which was
hereafiei to lie made.
Mr. N. said that -ome Senators had expressed
doubts as to whether sn attempt would be made
hereafter to iep al the Bank charter For himself,
be had not ihe slightest doubt but that this ques-
tion would be made To doubt it was to quesuon
the veracity and sincerity of distiugished Senators,
who have pledged themselves to go before the
country upon the question of rejwal If he was
actuated now m his votes with r<>ftrence to tbe
question of repeal, he *houM most certainly des re
that ihe bill should pa s with as many defects as
possible, and le knew of no greater defect than
that of shrouding ihe transactions of the directors
in mystery, concealing their favoritism in accom
modations, and their orders to the branches, from
the public eye.
Mr, N. said th t secrecy was essential to the di-
rectors of bank" in managing them upon the prin-
ciple, and for the objects, which had heretofore
characterized their proceedings They were shrewd
men, and had availed themselves of mystery upon
the same principle with which priests m the dark
ages resorted to it—to give ihe appearance of great
wi dom and complication to th  management of
bank5; whilst it enabl d them, with perfect impu-
nity, to perpetrate the grossest frauds upon the
people. He said there was still no little supersti-
tion m the public mind evi-n in the nineteenth
century, and bank directors had profited largely
by it in hiding from the light of day their «ecret
transacuons Bat this delusion was rapidly disap-
pearing—the people were now satisfied that bank
directors were not infallible men, and that they
were neither wiser nor more honest than other men.
The rscent exposures of the great frauds in the
late United States Bank, had removed much of the
delusion which heretofore existed as to the wisdom
of secret bank parlor transactions.
Instead of unbounded confidence, Mr N. said
there is now a universal distrust of banks and their
management. Recent developments had illustra-
ted the real purposes and objects of covering np the
preceedmgs of banks with mystery. He did not
believe that confidence could again be restored, un-
til the transactions of banks were subjected to un-
restrained scrutiny, and entire publicity. There
was something in the American character hostile
to secret associations. Senators had witnessed a
striking illustration of this fact in the excitement
which had prevailed in several States against ma-
sonic mstituu 'ns. A few popular leaders had been
able to arouse this spirit of jealoasy towards an insti-
tution in which the people had no known mterest,and
had succeeded in convulsing whole communities. It
was a fact generally conceded that the late Gen Har-
rison was indebted to the exertions of a distin-
guished Anumason for his nomination to the Pre-
sidency Senators on the other side should take
warning from this fact. That *ame prince of An-
timasons [Thaddeus Stevens] was now understood
to be manufacturing another candidate for the Piesi-
dency—General Scott, a military hero, whose
ehiva'ry none cou'd doubt. If, said Mr N there
be this jealousy of concea'ment and secrecy even
in reference to such an institution as Masonry, Se-
nators would do well to consider how powerfully
this feeling may be excited m reference to an in-
stitution, m whose management they have so deep
an interest The Bank is to rest upon their credit,
ta use money borrowed upon their bonds, and to
loan the taxes drawn from their labor Can Sena-
tors suppose that they will not feel a lively interest
in knowing how such an institution is managed ?
When the Senator from Missouri [Mr Benton]
takes his appeal from Congress to the highest tri-
bunal, the sovereign people, on the question of re-
pealing this chatter, Senators deceive themselves,
greatly if they suppose that this principle of secrecy
wi'l not operate powerfully upon the country in
the piOTiotion of the verdict of the people An in-
stitution which is to exeicise such immense powers
as its friends attribute to it, ought to be divested of
every feature which is likely to attach suspicion
¿nd d.stiust 10 its operations. In his judgment this
odioua doctrine of bank secrets, combined with the
fact 'hft the Bank is to be located in the District of
Columbia, would furnish to the opponents of the
institution weapons of warfare that would enable
them to triumph before the people.
But, said Mr N we are in tbe midst of a mon
important Bank rerormatton The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr Clay] has admitted the progress of
this reforma'ion on the question of publicity, and
has yielded some little to thf lights of experience.
But he is unwilling to watt for the full fruits of
this progressive reformation His bill makes very
little improvement on the old sjstem of banking—
a sjstem universally repudiated Whilst the sub-
j°ct of cuirency is undergoing a most thorough in-
vestigation throughout the country, when all ac-
knowledge that the existing system must be reform-
ed, and when the most distinguished financial ta-
lents of the country are anx ously shediing light
upon the subject, and pointing out the necessary
improvements, the Congress of the United Slates is
engaged in enacting a bill which must at once stop
this spirit of inquiry, re establish for twenty years
the old repudiated system, avail ng themselves of
none of the results of experience, or of the valua-
ble principles established in the discussions of the
day. The Bank made by Congress will be the
«aodel for the State Legislatures in their action—
the cuirency question will cease to be the subject of
investigation, but we shall fall back upon the pre-
sent rotten system, and shall be compel'ed to go
through another age of bank frauds, favoritism,
and corruption, perpetrated m the secret conclaves
of bank parlors.
Mr. N. said he could conceive of but two classss
of persons who were interested in keeping the pro-
ceedings of banks concealed from public scrutiny—
the directors, who desired to manage banks for their
own advantage, and the brokers and stock and
other speculators, who would most probably be se-
cret partners in the frauds of the directors. To such
men secrecy is essential. But to the stockholder,
the noteholder, and the honest business man whose
