172
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
created seven milhons of dollars Now, the actual
circulating medium of the country is the standard
of value and price*—prices use or fall as that me
dmm is increased or dimmi-hed, which was to be
done at pleasure by die unconti oiled orders., (or as
they would be it the Bank was located in New
York, the Bri'ish orders in council) of this central
board Now this board would, by these order ,
exercise a much greater control ov-r the mdustrv,
property, and business of ihe country, than both
Houses of Congress This board will lay tariff, or
money at their pie? sure, or lake it off The total
wealth of (he nation was estimated at twenty thou-
sand millions of dollars, and it \ contract! n affect
ed the pnce of this whole properly t n per cent it
would BMlte asmkmg m this pnte of tw > iho isand
millions of dollar , and even it it aff c ed itrnl/one
percent it would wiou tm a>ear to two nundred
millions ot dollars—or tei limes the whole «nual
revenueof the Government And yd these direct
oj:s, who are to exerc se a power which the despot.,
on the bank's oí the Bo ph rus of the Neva nev„r
daie to exerCi e, wtre to have thnr ed cts in-
volved in an impenetrable veil of secrecv.
The question was then taken on Mi Alien'-.
amendment, and decided in the negative as fol-
low*
YEAS—Meters Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal
houn, Clay of Al bama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hen-
derson, King, Linn, McRobuts, Mouton, Nicholas,
Pierce, S«v or, femnh of Connecticut, blur^f-on,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woidbuiy, Wright,
Young—23
NAYS—M«ssr, Archer, Bit row, Bates, Bay-
ard, B men, Choa'e, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Huntington, Ker, Ma gum, Mer
rick Miller, Mlrehead, Phelps, Portei, Prentiss,
Preston, Simmons, Smith of India a, Southard
Tallraadge, White, Woodbnd ><>—26
Mr WALKER then proposed to ame d th  bill
by prohibiting loans to dnet.toii.and officers of the
Bank, or to members cf Congies-s
Mr. Walker advocated th' amendment at
some length lie showed that the Jnhilities of
Bank directors of New Orlean , being 170 in num-
ber, amount to <eventem millions Toe directo-
ries of the States oí Louisiana and Mississippi
amouftedto thtrtv-egit millions This ratio in
these two Stales would bring it to 150 million*, if
extendsd to a 1 the banks of the Union, an 1 would
infer the astoundir^ fact, that Bank direcors
wielded, for then own benefit one fourth of ¡he
whole banking capin I of the Union
He showed from authentic d cu.nentsand rc-
poitslsid befóte the Legtslatuieof Lmisiai a, how
thes)stemoi allowing bank dtrec ors *o be them
selves b irowcrs from the ban (shad woikt I in the
South lu-i m^.of i he ¡ nk tkn , one índtvidu 1
oí a comni iuai fi in .vs <'i o or m i n tarín
and hi-, pnuni direct i m snotner Ihnt
paractice  ->s to obj ct lo the bill. anJ
notts of the b<_ t planter wten oflered for dis-
count, and at the sam* time, p«b their
own endorsements to «ny amoun' When lh y
retired ti their own coaming rot ms, tfuy were pa-
par  u to ca h ihe very b lis and n tts they had re-
jected m bank, charging 2i per cent c minus ion,
and 2J pet cei t <o endorsing, and next day th y
got th.  very no es Hie}  hill  Art refused and (lis
counted io b=nk—paistup them ihemscIves__with
their own en 1 r e ntnts thu o aininj the money
themselves at 5 or 6 per cm' and making tue
planters pay at the r\>.  of 18
A sec nd amendment it «red by Mr «\alklr
was to exclude ro embers of C ngre s trom obta n-
mg loans, di counts or a-coim-oo i nons at th
Bank cr its cifre , oi ma Y v ay tro n the in titu
tion Hi wi hod met ib rs of Congress to be
placed beyond susp «on. in ho von th y would
have to give at ever) ses> oa whin, tho affairs ot
th  Bank ioul 1 co ne beft re C mgrt s It wis
now placed be) on! a doubt the ui this bi 1 passes
into a law, the ub,ect oí reptU w uid never be
lostsigbtof by tne irudsof m° peonle, the agi
tation sould nsvei cease till tnat re¡ e.il wis ac-
complished. In ihe discussions which must neces
sanly take place, not o"ly should aH power of
temptation be taken away, bo* for the honor and
purity of Congress, lts members should be placed
beyond the reach of suspicion He (Mi Walker)
believed the simp'e maxim, so beautifully and
simply expressed in the sacred volume, "L°ad us
not into temptation," was as va'uab'e as any max-
im in either the Old or New Testament, and that
in legislation it ou< ht never to b<- lost rght of
For ihat reason, without intending it to be uno r-
stood that he meant toca>t imoutation on sny man
or Sft of men, he thought this ameadmeit one of
he most essential > t offered
Mr WOODBURY would direct the at ention of
th? Senate to the rep >rt of the committee appointed
to examine the Bi-k in 1819, of wnich the present
PresiJent of the Um'ed States was a m mber. By
this document it appeared, that wit! in four years
from the establ shment of the b anch at Baltimore,
Us entire capita, of a million ¿nd a half of dollars
was surk, and one hundred end 'ixty thmsand
dollars m addition In looking ovei this docu
men , t won'd be perct-ived that two gentleman,
wh ) were di ec or. of ¡he branc', 'vi re on etch
oiher's paper to a vast amount One note with 'he
n<?mf=ot George Williams tnd Ja nrs McCul'th
unon l for three hund ed and thirty e ght 'housand
dollars, and another with th  name of George Wil-
liams on it or th  modera'  sum of two hunlred
a id fittv six thou and dollar  Every cent of the«e
amoants was lest and tie branch, as he had said
teftre, m the cour=e of four ytars sunk one mil
lion six hundred and sixty thousand dollars With
such an examnle before us, he thought tl ere could
be no hesitation i<a adop >ng the amendment
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky would say one word as
lo the amendment By the bill, as it st>od, no
member of Congress could borrow of the bank
here, ncr any director or office'-, tad h- would have
buen glad to have exlend d ihe p ¡ncip'e to the
brincbes, but what would have been the effect?
There may b  twenty or moi" branches, pud to
give salaries to the directors, oí these institutions
would embarrass the bank and men of bus ness
and charaetir could not go into them wi hout some
advantigeto be dinved from it
If vou d*ny, therefore, the directors the privilege
of obtaining loans, you would get Ihe worst kind
of men, while men of business would be kft out.
Were gentlemen on the other side prepared fcr
such a s ate of thin s as this? Why was a mem-
ber of Con«res to b" proscribed, the who'e class
denounced, and a Cain like ma k to be set on
them' Why 'ay, whi e all may borrow, a mem-
ber of Congm-s «hall no i Could g"itlemen vote
 s though they «sere afraid to trust them? If so, he
did not (iivv them th ir ftehn^s, though there
m ght nive been b"d members cf CjTgress, and
djubtess t'ere mi,-ht be «ome s'dl so, as a c'ass,
he beh'ved them to oe a hifh-sonkd and as patn-
otie -   ot of mnn "s ei-r existed
Mi   WOODBURY said th.  argum-it of th'S-
iMtor Horn K n ucky  wa>,  that bc< tuse you did  '
ro  pav % s hrv  to the e doctors,  thty must be |
al owe 1 t) h°Io thpms<-lv
Mr CÍ AY d nied tint tl is was his arrumen'
Mr WOODBURY s, d that was the result of t,
asappene! from  the c ndnr-t oí th^ directors of
'he Baltimore b-amh,  who  in four years hel'ed
themselves to one mdlm six  hund">\ aidnxty-
t "0 thousand dolla-s     But did ¡rentiem°n su-p0 e
that tbese direc ors, ¡f th-y «ere merehsnts doi ia Í
i 'a i bu?ine«s could not set ncco-n< .odatinn fura
any other Bank than this? Wh , h« bankm? rapi
tpl  of this eount-y is three  hundred  millnns of
dollars,  anl the vahóle capita' ot this Bank is only
tn rtv milhor-s
M W4LKER would saya «ord ahoui loi^s i
to memheis of Congress jfe would not exc ude I
th^rn, to pot a Crin like tmrk upon tne~i an 1 re-
grale them, but to eleva e tnem ab >ve derifitory
suspicions IJ- wou'd ask gentlemen to ¡< ok 'o
the repon  of th-  late United States Bank Did
not members of Congie s recive loans from tint
B^nk to the amount of lnlí a m linn at one time?
Were not the e very men bers ailed on amually,
whde thus indebted to that mstitn'ion, to pass tbetr
vote for continuing its existent e"¡ Will not a simt-
1 ir vote be called for annually in rela  i to this
Bank? And will any mata say that a member of
Co-gress who i„ to vote on any question relating to
this institution, should be a debtor to it, or m any
way interested in the vote he must give? The sa-
cred volume "?ays that the borrower is the servant
of the lender. Are men different in their nature
now from what they were then?
Mr. KING said he had not intended to partici-
pate m this discussion, ecpe«a||y as he saw the dis-
inclination on the other side to deba'ranv, the most
important proposition submitted, had it not been tor
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky. So far
fiom thinking the introduction of the resolution
was a stigma on members, he would have offered
it himseif, had not his friend from Mississippi done
it, and"for dom^ it he had his thanks
He differed altogether from the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr Clay] iq regard to the fffect of the
sel -denial which would induce members to exclude
ihemselves from the puvi'egeof borrow ng from
the Bunk The memoeiv of this C ingress were
ab ut to create avast "ouice of accommodation
and emolument fhey were forbidden by the Con-
s ¡moon to receive the emoluments of an office
created by them, near its honors, tr to
execute i s powers, because these considera-
tions might influence members to establish placesof
power or emoluments from self! h motives, rather
ihan pubic con-sid<rations. It members created
an institution wh ch piped millions at thpir dis-
posal, and they consented to receive th m, would
not tne spirit of the Constitution be v olated? And
was it po sible ihat it could be held a badge of dis-
grace, thit members oí Congress, whil- establish-
inv the greatest fountaii of sordid influence ever
known to the country, should observe the spir t of
ihe Cons nution, and evince a disinterestedness
which would exclude their action from the imputa-
tion of be ng influenced by expected accommoda-
tions from the bink? There was surfi. lent room
for sjspicton, m the ability of the banking interest
to bring douceurs to operate on those they could in-
fluence During the struggle of the late Bank for
a new chuter, he kpew many members ot Con-
gre-s who had received accommodations from it
they could not repay in kind, and they became ac-
tive adheren sot the institution He would shut
the door upon accommodations to members of Con-
gress, and m this way, at least, exclude the suspi-
cion of any portion of Ihe body being tainted with
this sort of trdiree' douceur.
As for himself, he would as soon think of advo-
ca ing the ceation of an office which the President
lad promised him he shou'd have, as to vote for
the charter of a Bank from which he expected to
g tac-ommodnions in the way of loans
v/iih regard to offi ers <-nd directors, it would
be bet er to give high saiaries ard burden the in-
t tution, than to place peop e in them to draw
hundredsof thousands out oí them. Vv'bile creat-
ing an ns itution for go^d or for evi1, they ought to
kitp t as fai as posotole irom the control oí its
offcen
Mr HENDERSON «¡ai', if there vvas a limita
(ion 1x d to allow the di ctors a eer ain amount
ot acu>.nmoJ-mon, he woald voto tor the amend-
ment
¡"r MERRICK said he would also vo e for it
v,i h a Jit ii tat i n
Mr BAYARD said he wculd a!>o vote for it
with a Ui ltatnn, and proposed 15 or 20 000
Mr WALKER would medify his amendment
to gun streng'h, and Eaid he would adopt the sug-
gestion of his colleague, and the nonorab « Senator
from Delaware, to hm t the liabilities of each di-
rector, so that they shall not exceed $-10 000 debt
oi tne part rf any one to the corporation He
sjowed how the abuses of the Bank grew nndcr
the power of diacoi1-to lend lo t emáelves. He
ga/e the history of th" loans at New Or eans Tüe
directors wjre the leading commission merchants
They womd not lend to the planter or the ordinary
dealer, but would comprl them to come to them to
get tneir acceptance on the bills offe ed for dis
count, for which they charged two and a half per
cent and then these bills were discounted In ef-
fect this was to make the direct* rs the borrowers
oí the who e eapnal they managed, which they
employed m exacting enormous usury from tho^e
who sought loans
Mt CLAY of Alabama said that the only way
to secure an honest administration of the Bank
