176
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suppose that furniture, after being used so many years, would
be worth any thing hfce ihc ayra it originally cost He was
glad that the gentleman had disclaimed any imputation on the
late President But it any one had taken the furniture away,
he hoped the gentleman and his friends woujd take measures to
get at back again Hl (Mr McK ) would not have alluded to
this subject, but foi the mipiession that was made on his side of
the House by the remarks of the geatieman
Mr. McK then resumed hia remaikson the bill before the
Committee He contended that th^ Administration had the
means id its power to pay off the debt, if there was one, in a few
years, by means of the revenue derived from the public lands
But lfthey were to be givtn away, why then they would have
to resort to a reasonable tanff, and to the practice of the most
rigid economy, m dispensing with the j>civices of many otthe
public officei3,m leducmg Un, shanes of these employed, and
in reducing the expen inurps of thp Govei iimentgenerally lie
instanced especiai'y the item of loreign missions, which he
thought capab e of great reduction, without injury to the inte
rests of the countiy Let the people understand what this Ad
ministiation weie about —that they wei° going to cieale a na
tional debt, to establish a National Bank, to 'ay additional duties
onimpoits, Ac and th^n, he doubted not, they would soon make
known then disap Probation of i is rom>e
Speaking of íeform, Mr McKlon obseived that the cabinet
hadaheady begun with thur share of refoio by the Seuetary
of itatP i^umg a circulat to the wicked ofhee holdeis The
Secretaiy oí the Navy h id also issued a rnculir icgulating the
size or whiskers' He mrtant no'hmg disrespecUul—and he
hoped netthei the Sccrctai y or hi3 ft lend  would misunderstand
him, when he odi 1 that it struck him that it wa<= intended this
should be a barefaced Admimsti ation
He thought Mi Granger was a little more ladical than Peter
the Great in his ideas of ro/ot in Peter cut oil ilu1 bcai<h of a
people,and neaiiy pioducerl d revolu'ion, \\l lie Mi Granolr
rut off the heads of ms subjects ' He has not half done yet,'
ened out Mr John C Ci ark of New 1 oik
Mr McKeon did not hear oi did notdeí^m a íeply necessary,
and continued his lemaikj w Khoutintenuption
Mr BARN VUD followe ), in 3 ma !e some amusing lemaiks
in reference to the op union of ¡he ' one hour" ays em A= to
the bill befoie them, he admitted th it it was bouowmg money,
but it was wo' creating a public debt Ihcy | loposed to paya
debt, and not to ciciu one The lire \dmiiiHtiatiun had, h*
contended, contiacu-I the debt, and now itTut>ert to provide
means to pay it
Mr McKEON Wt do wish to prov demeans Ki.ep\oui
public lands
Mr BAR I\\RP contendí d that if the public lands were Upi
tí ere would be a debt alter 11 He ne\t íefent d to the foims
in which he aihimed the debt existed, and said his ntaUibUi.il
statements m hit. speech at the last sesión, had been misitpie
sen ted
Mi B then replied to the arguments of gen' ¡< men who had
preceded him and e^pocnlly to the argument of his colleague,
¡Mr McKkon,] Until this sum was to be bonowed, foicigneii
were to lend us tin money Jie (Mi JI) wis not ah iid of
foreigncapitalists he wunc I foingn c tpital foi all ust-iidpur
poses, and the moic money whuh they would lend in u^ it
five per cent and our ol which we imild mik twenty pei
cent the better it wouli) bo foi the countiy In connection with
this Mr B alluded tofht-cfloits of 'Mcm\£od;uf s ' in ¡lie city of
New Yotk, which led! a \uy w irm and spmted dialogue be
tween him and Mi McKrov
Mr WOOD alaopu questions to Mr Buinaro and denied
the assertions ol the latter in rdationtoa certain class of the
people of New Yoik being 'demagogues '
When Mr BAUNARl) htdconcluded,
Mr McKAY tool the flcor when,
On motion of Mi SlANLY, the committee1 loee
Inr ply to an mquny liomMr Irwin ol Pennsylvanms to
the time at whuh the Comnum t, on the I uhciaiy jni ht lit i\
pectedtoiepoit ibankiupi 1 iw—
Mr BARNARD &n ' th it tin romrmtttt lu 1 not vet ban
called to act upon tl e tiubiu t but tlm, i-, the-,ub¡e< t hid btui
referred to him he In ! pn jnrul a bill an 1 h 11 íl o diawn n¡
arepoit, wliHhhe i ueiuhd, u tht tailit st 0[ p uiunity, to sub
rmtto tint commute*
On motion of Mi t HI MOR'' the Hon-, onl ird a[u punt
iilg of I,WO « vtra a ¡ \r < f t< itunducimnntsb fo    itTrin It)
And the House adjourned
-----        x9
IN SENATE/
Saturday, July ST, 1841
The PRESIDENT bid befoie the Senile a
message from the Piesident ot the Umieet States,
in compliance  i h a íesriu ion, showing the pro-
gress of the commission for the settlement of our
affairs, with Mexico.
After some smirks fro-n Mr LINN and Mr
PRESTON, it wa rtfemd lo the Committee (n
Foreign Reruns
Mr. CLAY of Ky. presented a prtition from
number of citi7 ns of Baibour c unty, Alabama,
praying the establishment of a Nation ! Bank;
which was laid on the tabl>- and ordered u be
printed.
Mr. PRESTON pre erlel a memorial fn m citi-
zens of Brookl>n, New York, praying the esta-
blishment of a baikrupt law.
Mr. P >ai the memorial was numerous/
signed by person-, of that phce, designatn g th~ir
several ávoca'un>n life. Why he had been «e
lected to mak" tne presentation he could not tel1,
not having any knowledge pers< na'ly of the memo-
rialists. With regard to the bankrupt law, as re-
ported, it could never receive his sanction, and if
he gave his, support to any measure of the kind, it
must be one that would be within the scops of the
Constitution, and regarding alike the rights of the
creditor and the debtor.
Mr. TALLMADGtE presented two memorials
from citizens of New York in favor of a bankrupt
law   laid on the tibie.                                                    '
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial m  ,
favor of a National Bank; which was laid on the
table.
Toe Senate  the'! proceeded to the discusión of i
the revolution submitted by Mr. Buchanan cal in?
for the names of persons removed from office since
the 4 h of March last
Mr. LTNN being enti'led to the floor, said he
was very unfortunate in having only a few iri-
nutes to address ihe iá< nate rach morning; he
would greatly prefer to have bad an hour to d vo'e
it. [A Sena.or near. Never mind, give it in bro-
ken doocs] Really the subject has grown so cold
mat he hardly knew where he le't off, but
Wh gery was ^uch an occn of meonsrunies, h*
could plunge it any where and catfh something
In any ons dive 1 e mi h' br pg up to thf -1 ace
an Aboli'Kmst and Slate Righ s Whig, at anc-
ther plunge he could bring up a W «hmgioti Bene-
voknt Sopietf, a p^ace pa^v m war, and a war
party in peace, in short, tl.cie crull bs no difficul-
ty m placms m jux'apo=ition the wide-4 extremes.
He said ihe Wh>g parly hul not only cheated the
Demoeraey out if power, but had absolutely
cheated them out of their very nam , while from
their composition thev desp>?ed the npme they had
.tokn. He had of'en heard them m private cir-
cles express contempt for ihe D rpoerr-c . This 1
party had Bot only been f il=e to other , but w. s
untrue to itself. In the diva's it h dsustanel,
it b came bioken and di-i'intcd,and wasleid 'o-
ge her by the energy of one man. Yet wept did it
do? He would lead a letter which had fallen into
hs hands, as an evidence of their want of giatitude
to th- man from whose indomitable spirit they
were indebted almost for the r very existence as a
pany. [Hue Mr. Linn lead a 'ettcr from S.
Pe.vitt Bloodgoot, signal by the Chaiim^n of th°
Young Men's Central Committee of the State of
New York, whi^h had b«m confidentially cirer-
laied a Utile while before the nomination in Har-
r^burg, g ving reasons why Mr. Clay eught not
be nominated. &c ] The morning hoar having
etmied, JVir Linn gave way.
FISCAL ¡TMNK OF THE UNITED STATE".
The St nate then proceeded  ti the discussion ot
th? special order, beng the  bill to meorpora'e the
ah cr.bTb  to  the PiiCal   Bank of  the   United
Slates.
Mi WOODBURY moved to ame it ha bi'I b/
in eiting a provi o,piohi it n^ dnector or «toek-
holders Ir m mak,u¿ any dona'ion-.out of thj fund--
of I ho Baik
Mr CL1Y precT d t^e S ti oi fumN w
Him| shire bad in view <iw iki-Ki-, of lb >\
luit-ius piwfr in the Hte íí^n'' '''. i> s n >
nbjpc i n <o thi ~m 11 ¡. y,o ! |t!at it wi nt a
li t e'oo fiir ff e '{ <onc ivcof mi )y p ^p^
where the exerci^ of <-Uch a powtr might be bi
neficial. He asked if aenilemen were prepaied to
create a corporatnn, and deprive it of vitihty, m
short, making it whit Lord C .kc designate 1 a cor-
porntion, a body without a soul. He would move
so to amend it as to piolubtt donations bemg made
(0 officirs of the Vmks
Mi. WOODBURY avowe 1 his o j ci to be thit
directors shiuld not apply h> (units ofaovern-
ment to any pjrpj'es, nor thu '"onations-h uld
b- made by die stockholder-, to oíPcers oí the Bat k.
Tin re might b* cas stocall for t1   exfrei e of this
piwe-, but v.vcry such oai' shoull belaid before
the stockholders, and he would not a! iw the dt- i
rector- to "ci.                                                                    \
Mi CLAY su 1 n was i npos- ble to e native of
a'lths eses in human li e were Here might be
calls foi the exerci e of this poser An officer m
the inst.tutio , for i «-'anee, wuh a l.i'g" family,
mght accid'MaJly oe killed in his /ery e deavors
to save the building <>ora fl'e, and yet, accordi g i
to the provision o' h- Sena'or fro i New Hamp-
shire, enough to save his family fro-n starvation
could not be granted until the annual meeting ol
the stockholder?. There were many other caoes
which might be cited to show the nece'sity of leav-
ing the power where it was, only prohibiting dona-
tions to officers of the institution.
Mr WOODBURY would a«k if the end of the
Treasury building should fall down and kid any oí
the persons engaged m it, would the Treasurer
have a right lo put his han Is into theTreasuryto
relieve the families of persons so killed' It was
very well to be chsntab'e with our awn money,
but not witn that belonging to the peop'e. He
was unwilling to have the public Treasury put
under the surveillance of the directors oi stoik-
ho'ders
Mr. HENDERSON would vo'e for the amend-
ment to the amendment, but then he should vote
against the whol . He held that the stockholder
had no right, under any circumstances, to give
away the funds ot the institution, which he thought
th° amendment would rccogm "
Mr. LINN dtoired to reach i! e evil effec'ually.
It was well known tbit don«tt( nj hid been made
tor internal improvements, and for many other
things, by the late Bíink. Th íe might be case'
wheie directors and siockho Its wou Í1 be justified,
bjt,if jou gave diem at all, it was certain to
inn into pbus , particularly where a bank was con-
cerned
T'ie question was then taken on Mr Clay's
amendment (otic amendment, and resulted as fol-
lows-
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Ba'es, Bayard,
Chcate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans,
Hendersm, Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pies-
ton, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Talk
madce, Wh't>, and  Woodbnd¿e—26.
NAYS—Messrs Al en, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of A'ahima, Cuihbert, Fulton, Kitg, Linn,
McRoberts, Mou'on, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Smith oí Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Will ams Woodbury, Wright and Young—21.
Mr CLAY of Ktn'ucky tuen suggested to the
Sena'or from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury]
to sinke out t!'e stockholder, (rom ihe amendment,
thus leavms them the power to act.
Mr. WOODBURY said he felt no interest in the
amendment m its present shape, and the Senator
could do what he pleased with it.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky then made a motion to
that effect
Mr CALHOUiST opposed the motion on the
ground that one-third oi the money was public pro-
perty, a-d that the power should not be given, un-
fer any ci cumstances, to take away t'ie pub'ic
tieisure.
Mi BENTON si d the proposmoi w, some-
thi-grew While di« vauhsof th Bank were d -
c? el to 'e the T n.117 of the Un t.d States,
"I I1 (~ veminent rou'd not touch a dollar ex-
i (.,.  u-i 1 r an «p^'opmtion by Congress, and on a
".T-i-int after going through al! the tornib at the
Department, yet these director*, acting 10 seciet,
could vole AWiy any amount of money to any per-
son whom tne y plea ed, except duect'y to them-
selves.
The public funds should not bs considered as
the private piopsrty of the directors or stockhold-
ers, arid under their drection.
Mr WOODBURY said the piohibition to offi-
cers of the Bank would not rcch the evil The
late Bank had made donations to those compíniís,
to internal improvements, and to polic  rfheers
Now, these were objtcU for which Congre s coild
not app opriate the public money, aid yet the
st.ckhilders here would have th  right to doit
Besides, it the amendment offe-ed by the S'enaior
from Mis-, ssjppi, which was adopted m commit-
tee, was reversed in the Senate, the money of the
pi'Uir- might be  .able to be voted away by to,ei n
stockholders.                                                              "
Mr. CL^.Y c"nM no' suppjse that the Senator
from New Hamrtelvre bad any deliberate purpose
to miT-p'-esent, w^en be intimated that foreign
stocih Iders wouid < ie-ci.e any influence over the
funds of the institution. He put it to the rand )r
of tint Senator to say whether it was fair to argue
on posible contingencie 1 Did he not know that,
by a selemn vote of the Senate, foreigners were not
only prohibited from voting, but owning any stock?
