CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
mg, he would ask, to the reason and judgment of the people to
circulate this statement in the grogshops, and othei places of
that character, without accompanying it with the reasons why
the expenditures of the ¡several Administrations had been great
or email, as compared with the then Administration? His great
complamst against the fnends of the present Administration
was, that they had found fault with the last Administration be-
cause the gross amount of its expenditures was too much, and
that they did not base their chaigeb upon the items alone The
Whigs, before the election, had told the people that they would
reduce the expendituies of the Government, but, instead of
having done so, they had alieady n creased them They had
violated'heu oft repeated pi oroises, made from one end of the
country to the othei I his Administration had increased the
estimates ol expenditures to die amount of from four to five
millions more, tor this year, than had been contemplated by
the Demociatic paity
Mr W next íeleired to the bills which had been passed at
the present session, and remarked that these were piools of the
piomises made by the refoimpaity, pnorto the election ' He
could show that it was both unconstitutional and inexpedient
to pass the land bill and he maintained that m consequence of
the tevenue received fiom the sale  of the public lands being
withdrawn from the Government, thedeficit would have to be
mace up by the impo--itio j oí taxes upon the people There
was no necessity whatever fol passing thi*-loan bill and he in
sisted di it even if the it, Wd-. a debt, it could be liquidated,
without resortin^ 11 this measure The States could pay
their own debts, tflualoie, without coming to the General
Government toa&k itsas~istii ct .Aheddy weie the States in
debt upwards of &200 000,000 and now this Administiation
proposed to inctease the butdensof the people foul or five
millions mere Now t!u& was íefoim with a vengeance'
Once commence a national debt, and it would go on mcreas
mg from yeai to year, until the people were ground to the
veiy earth It was not a little swgulai that with regard to the
amount of the public debt the Secretary of theTreasuiy and
the President of the United States differed in opinion He ar
gued that the object which the becretaiy of the Tieasury
had m view in putting down the amount at so large a sum
was to show the necessity foi an extia session of Congress
The Whig patty he believed to be cariying out the system of
Gen Hamilton, m oimging forward the measures they pro
posed They weie bound, by the promises tbey had made, to
repeal the Sub Treasuiy, in oidel to keep faith with the hank
]ng and moneyed tnteiests of the country He would say, then,
let them repeal it and beggar the people, but they might rely
upon it the people would soon open their ey s to these things,
and the moment they did so, they would hut! the party now in
powei fiom their high places He íegarded this bill as being
introduced for the purpose of thiowmg a debt upon the Demo
cratio patty, who, no doubt, would asain be m power four
years hence, and it was most unfair and unjust that theloanwas
not to be tepald until ei.ihtyedistoc.oine If this \dministiation
intended to act fanly it ought to have provided that the loan
should be redeemed at rhe latest at the close of Ho existence
After some remaiks fiom Mi UNDERWOOD,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to Mr IONES of Virginia,
who yielded it to enable
Mr HOPKINS to move that the committee rise
Which motion having prevailed, the committee tose, leported
piogress, and obtained leave to sit again
And the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 12, 1841.
Mr TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
citizens t f Missouri in favor of a general bank-
rupt law.
Mr T. said he had heretofore presented nume-
rous petitions on this subject, not only from his
own State but from several other States in the
Union. I have, said he, purposely forborne to oc-
cupy the íme ot the Senate with any remarks upon
them. I came here to work and not to talk. We
all anticipated a working, not a talking session. I
am prepared to vote on all questions which will be
submitted for our consideration. And I would not
now break through the rule prescribed to myself
but for the attempt, in a certain quarter, to make
improper impressions on the public mmd m rela-
tion to what I deem one of the very greatest mea-
sures of relief which can be adopted by Congress
at this extra session, namely, a General Bankrupt
Law.
A friend has called my attention to a recent ar-
ticle in the Globe on this subject. I intended to
call the attention of the Senate lo it at an earlier
day, bat did not wi 'i to mte'fere with Senators
who were occupying 'he morn rig houi with another
matlci.   The .uticle is as folio vs-
"The BankicptLaw —^ e pncelvea fneat del] of anxiety
in differeit paitbot thebmon about the fate of the bankrupt
law re| orted by Mi Henderson 11 the senate, and we can tell
them something about it ¿Q-- It is not in Mi Clay's pio
gramme and that omission is a death warrant to it Mi Clay
will not let it pass now It is good political capital, and was
supposed, at the last election to have been woith 500,000 votes
to the Tedeial paity The bankiuptlaw mu^t then wait the
approaching Pie«ldentulcauVdS  in oiuer to give Mr Clay the
luture benefit of it rhe petmoneisfoi the bankrupt bill may,
then, go to sleep till it siitsMr C ay's j ohtical viewsto pass
their bill In the mQan turn the bill must eithei include oi not
include backs and tiadiug cotpoiations lo include them is
becomm  more populai everyday, and it is believed that tne
mass ofüie Democritstpeihapsall of them it the State banks
are lelt out) would support a bankrupt bill which should so in
elude them, on t le rontraiy, the party will go against a bill
which does not include theoe institutions If thefnends of the
bill would join the Democtats and put in the banks, the bill
may be passed this session without the license of Mr Clay,
fora bankiupt 1 iw to include banks won d immediately regu
late the own eney and super&ede the argument foi a National
Bank "
It is not my purpose to attempt a vidication of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
from the unjust aspersions contained in this article.
He needs none at my hands. What I have to say
is not so much on his account, as on account of the
subject to which this attack relates.
I had hoped to find, at least, one subject for the
legislation of Congress, upon which the delibera-
tive wisdom of this body could pa^s, without refe-
rence to the paltry considerations of party. And
iftaere be one matter, abo re all others, vhich
ought to be exempt from such a uuslign influence,
it is that of a bankrupt law. From ihf first intro-
duction of this mea>a,', at a former session, down
to the present time, at. friends have endeavored to
divest it altogether ot a party character I appeal
to all who were present at the former discussions
of this measure, whether such has not been the
course of its friend*. With what painful regret,
then, do we see an amele, like ihe one just res>d,
from a paper, recognised as the organ of a proud
and powerful party, attempting to bring this sub-
ject into the arena of party politic , and to create,
whether intentional or not, the moot erroneous im-
pressions in regard to one of its most devoted
friends. The honorable Senator fiom Kentucky
is represented as hostile to the passage of a bank-
rupt hw at this session, berause he wishes to keep
the question open for "political capital" till the
next Presidential election. Was there ever a more
unjust a«persion upon the motives and character
of one of the most distinguished and h'gh-mmded
men which this country has ever produced1 I
do not wisn, nor intend, to indulge in harsh lan-
guage on this occasion; but I leave it to be
judged of by honorable gentlemen of any and
of all parties. To be kept as political capital
till ¡he next Presidential election! Why, sir,
what has been the uniform course of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky on this subject,
who is not at this moment in his sept' He has been
its open, zealous, devoted advocate, whenever it
has been presented. It, at the commencement of
this session, he entertained doubts whether Com
gress would be able to act upon it, with the other
great measures which were called for by the coun-
try, is it to be imputed to him as a fault? Or rather,
is it to be charged uptn him a% a premeditated de-
sign to defeat the measure? The gross injustice of
such an imputation, or such a charge, is apparent
on its iace. Other gentlemen, friends of this mea-
sure, entertain the same doubt . I was not one of
that number. I have urged the importarce of it
from the very first call of the extra session down lo
the present time, as a measuie more calculated to
give immediate relief to the countiy than any other.
I have believed, and still believe, thati can be bet-
ter acted upon at this, than at the regular session
of Congress. And I believe the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, as well as other genilemrn, have
come to the same conclusion. It is with unfeigned
regret, therefore, that I see any attempt to impeach
oi distort the motives of honorable gentlemen m
relation to thfir action on this great national ques-
tion; and more especially tha motives of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, when that
patriotic State, through her lepresentatives here,
has so galUmly and dismteresdelly come up to the
relief ot the unfortunate.
N Her late repiestntaii/e on ih s floor, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] the present Atlornej Gene,a! of ihe Uni-
ted btate^, was one of the ablest and most untiring
advocates of this measure He was one of the
Judiciary Committee vhich reported the bill at a
former session, and maintained it with great abili-
ty through every stage of its progress. I am au-
ihorzed to say that his successor [Mr Morehead]
will, in this matlei, ''f< How in the footsteps of hrs
illustrious predecessor " We hive h rf*oiore b en
told that Kentucky felt no particular interest in th1
Massage ot this bill, but her Senators hcre behevec
<t just to other portion^ of the Union, and did nit
confine their views on a question of great general
mfrest, to the narrow limits of their o«rn State.
And on that bread disinterested principle ihey have
¿cted.   On the subject of relief to honest unfortu-
nate debtors Kenmcky is as true to the mark as
her own unerring rifle. No matter what change
takes place in her representation on this floor, she
remains unchanged in her principles. It was with
profound regret that we all saw our noble friend,
the present Attorney General, vacate his seat in
this body—a body which was adorned by his pre-
sence—and enter upon the arduous duties of
another station. But we are consoled by the pre-
sence of his successor, [Mr. Mokehbad,] who has
the head and the heart to carry out the principles
for which his predecessor and colleague have con-
tended; and I might with entire justice say, in re-
gard to any t hange of representatives m this body
from that noble State—
"Like the w tves of a summer, as one dies away,
"Another is pleasing and shining comes on "
But we ar told, in the article just read from
the Globe, th tt a bankrupt bill can pass at the pre-
sent ..ession i banks shall be included. I wish to
warn the friends of this jreat measure against
the fatal delusion of this suggestion. In the first
place, it has no necessary connection with the sub-
ject; and, in the next place, the effort to include
banks was made on a former occasion and failed.
And how did it fail? In the last Congress a maj'o-
nty of the Judiciary Committee in the Senate was
composed of the opponents of the present Adminis-
tration They were the political friends of Mr. Van
Buren They reported a bankrupt bill, with a pro-
vision to include the banking institutions of the
country. Tnat provision was fully discussed in
the Senate Honor? ble Senators on the other
side took strong ground against it, and it was finally
stncken from the bill on their motion. I do not
speak of this result for the purpose of giving it a
party character. I wish lo dives tit of that cha-
racter. But I speak of it for the purpose of show-
ing that it should oe left upon its own merits, and
that no effort to put the public mind on a false
scent m regard to the banks should be counte-
nanced by thoi.e who wish the success of the mea-
sure.
I am opposed to including ths banks in such a
bill; but I said, on a former occasion, I would take
the bill with that provision, if a majority of the Se-
nate saw fit to include them. The provision, how-
ever, was stricken out on the motion of the oppo-
nents of the bill, and they then voted against the
bill l'self. I hope that, on further reflection, and
after the recent manifestation of public senti-
ment, some of those gentlemen will give it their
support
Mr President, I do not intend on this occasion
to go into a discussion of the question of including
banks m a binkrupt law. I have heretofore given
my views on that subject, and may give them more
a' large, when the bankrupt bill shall be regularly
before the Senate. All I wish to say now is, that,
in my judgment, no bill can become a law that in-
cludes them, and to indicate to those who feel so
deeo an interest m this question that their safety
depends upon their standing on their own merits,
and not suffenng themselves to be borne down by
the burden of corporations which is attempted to be
cast ppon them.
Sir, m ihe article which I have read from the
Globe, we are told that the bankrupt law, at the
last Pre'idential election, was worth 500,000 votes
to the Federal party. I was not aware before that
that party h  d derived any particular support on
that occasion from the agitation of that question.
Then leader was known to be opposed to it, whilst
the candi late of the Democratic Republican party,
io which I belong, wis known to be in favor of it.
Thissfa'ement, therefore, judging from the uniform
accuracy an I verity of that paper, must he an
"error ot th press " I have no doubt that the De-
mocrat c Republican party, with General Harrison
*t its head, did receive much support from a know-
ledge of his "lews in favor of a bankrupt law. The
vie vs * f Gen Harrison and Mr. Van Buren on this
subject werp well known to the whole country.
They weie together in the Senate of the United
States, in 1827, when a bankrupt bill was under
discussion General Harrison on thai occasion,
took strong ground in favor, and Mr. Van Buren
equally s'rong ground agamst it. Extracts from
their speeches were extensively circulated during
