im                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the last canvass, and it was well known that their
respective friends in this Senate, with a few ex-
ceptions, when the bankrupt bill was under discus-
sion in 1839 and 1840, ranged themselves for and
against it, according to their political predilections.
I have no doubt, therefore, that that question exer-
cised an important influence in the late Presiden-
tial election. But it «lid not exercise then such an
influence as it will exercise at elections hereafter.
The other questions involved, together with the re-
luctance to separate from old political associates,
prevented many of the other side from sup-
porting Gen. Harrrison, notwithstanding their
anxiety for a. bankrupt law. The discipline of
party, too, restrained many from open and active
exertion. That contest, with all its severity, is
now passed. Since that eventful period, men
breathe deeper and freer. They have resolved to
think and act for themselves. They will no longer
surrender their own rights at the dictation of a
party leader. They have determined that the in-
junctions of the Constitution shall be obeyed—that
a power which is exercised by every civibzed na-
tion, and which was conferred upon Congress for
the sake of uniformity, shall no longer lie dormant.
This determination is confined to no particular
party—it pervades all parties. Every other consi-
deration is secondary to this great question of
emancipation from legal bondage. On this com-
mon, this neutral ground, men of all parties have
taken their position, and sworn to stand shoulder
to shoulder in all future contests, till victory shall
perch on their standard.
Sir, I will not detain the Senate by any further
remarks, except to say that I deem a bankrupt
law one of the most important measure* of relief
to the country which will come before Congress
at the present session. And, if no other Senator
does it, I will move that the bankrupt bill, after the
bank bill now under discuvsion has been disposed
of, be next taken up for consideration.
Mr. WALKER said he had in his de?k a reso-
lution to proceed to the consideration of the bank-
rupt bill immediately after definitive action on the
Bank bill, and he was rejoiced to find, by the re-
marks just made by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Taílmídoe,] that he was likely to have pow-
erful aid in favor ©f speedy action from the other
side of the house.
Mr. W. said as early as 1837 he had advocated
the passage of a general bankrupt bill, including
banks and all classes. Banks oui.ht to be included;
and such was the progress of public sentiment on
this subject, even among the Whig party, that he
believed banks would ultimately be included. But |
if the friends of the banks should exclude them
from the bill now, Mr. W. said he would still ear-
nestly support the bill if it extended relief to all
classes, and would urge its passage at this session,
and from time to time hereafter press the passage
of a separate and supplemental bill extended to
banks. Mr. W- believed the passage of a genera!
bankrupt bill was demanded by the people at this
session, and he was determined to have the vote
taken by yeas and nays on proceeding to the con-
sideration of the measure immediately after the
Bank bill was disposed of. Sir, the number of bank-
rupts made so by the banks may not be half a mil-
lion, as stated in the paper read by the Senator frost
New York, but the number was great—perhaps two
hundred thousand. And were the energies of this
vast number of American freemen to be forever lost
to themselves, their friends, their families, and
their country'! Shall they never be permitted to
commence any business ior the support of them-
selves and their families, or even to liquidate, in
whole or in part, their unpaid debts? Were these
men to be kept slaves for life, with no hope of any
release except in the grave? In vain will you have
abolished imprisonment for debt, unless this bill
become a law. The creditor will s'ill be the jailer,
and the debtor his captive. You will but have en-
larged the bounds of his prison. The chains will
still be around him; they wiii be around his busi-
ness, and around his soul; they will be around the
bread that he eats, and the bed upon which he re
poses; they will be around all the energies of his
body and of his mind, and upon the necks of his
wife and children.   If he is a merchant, he can
open no store; if a mechanic, no shop of his can
ever resound with the hammer" of his industry; if
a farmer or planter, no spot of earth of his, how-
ever small, csn ever yield its harvests from the
sweat of his brow; and be he whom he may, no
home of his, however humble, can ever shelter him
or his wife and children from expulsion by the
stern mandate of the law. No; if this bill fail,
there is no other alternative, but the debtor must
be an exile or a slave. Then strike off his chains
and let him be once more a freeman. Stripped as
he is of all property, restore to him that freedom
and that energy which his Maker has given
him, and let him devote the remnant of
his life to retrieve his misfortunes, and
you will thus, as it were, lift from the grave
thousands of debtors who are now worse than dead
to their families and te their country, and give thus,
even to the creditor himself, the only or the best
hope of realizing his debt from the renewed and
cheerful industry of his late unfortunate and op-
pressed debtor. That debt can only be paid by
the labor of the debtor. Let, then, that laborer be
free, and his energies and means of payment will
be more than doubled.
Mr. LINN said he had a memorial in relation
to the same subject, which he might as well pre-
sent now. The memorial presented by the Sena-
tor from New York was said to be from the centre
of Missouri. Mr. L. expressed his regret that his
constituents should not have had confidence
enough in him or his colleague to have made them
the medium of communication, because it seem-
ed to imply that they would not act in unison with
their wishes. He had ever endeavored to repre-
sent all honestly and fairly, without any regard to
political dissensions. That the debtor should be
released on giving up all his property, was a doc-
trine that all were disposed to admit, bat the great
difficulty in framing a bankrupt law was that ¡hey
might do more evil than good. When the bill was
under discussion at the last session, we knew that a
committee from the Chamber of Commerce of
New York attended here to say that the bankrupt
law, as it was then before the Senate, would be
productive of more evil to the city of New York
than the great fire which had lost millions. It was
said that a majority of the citizens of Missouri
were in favor of the bill, and one of the provisions
of the bill was, that no individual was entitled to
share in its benefits unless he owed more than
five hundred dollars. Now he would slake his ve-
ry existence that no such law could be sustained in
Missouri.
Mr. PORTER said this -provision was stricken
out.
Very well, said Mr. L. I am glad it was. This
I will say, that if such a bill is passed, you will
create twenty bankrupts for every one there is
now. So far as sympathy is concerned, I have as
much, and feel as deeply, as any man; but in my
character as Senator, I must iook to what will be
most productive of good to the whole. In Ken-
tucky, he understood, there had been great excite-
ment on ihis very question, and he had been told
that it would be difficult for any man to come to
Congress who would advocate a bankrupt bill. If
you do pass a prospective bankrupt bill, then all
posterity would have the benefit of it, and business
would be done under the full authority that such a
bill was in operation. I would support no bill,
said Mr. L. that was not prospective in its charac-
ter, and that did not include corporations.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he was called up prin-
cipally by the observations that had fallen from
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Link.] The
subject of a bankrupt law had not been extensive-
ly discussed before ihe people of Kentucky, but
the course of his colleague [Mr. Clay] and of his
predecessor (the present Attorney General) in sup-
port of such a bill at a former session h*d, he be-
lieved, been very generally acquiesced in. Al-
though the people of the State from which he came
had ao peculiar interest in the passage of a bank-
rupt law, he had no doubt that they would concur
in any great national measure which would exert
a healing influence npon the distresses of the coun-
try, and more especially if it composed a part of
I that great system of reform, to the accomplishment
of which the Whig party was pledged to the na-
tion.
The following memorials and petitions were
then presented, viz:
By Mr. BENTON: From citizens of Missouri,
in favor of a bankrupt law: laid on the table.
By Mr. PIERCE: From citizens of Concord,
New Hampshire, in favor of a bankrupt law: laid
on the table.
By Mr. WHITE: From citizens of New York,
¡n'favor of a bankrupt law: laid on the table.
By the CHAIR: A memorial in favor of a bank-
rupt law: laid on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Ohio against the establishment of a Na-
tional Bank, Distribution of the Public Lands,
Assumption of State Debts, and a Protective Ta-
riff; which were laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
LAND BILL.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, reported back to the
Senate the bill from the House to appropriate the
proceeds of the public lands, and to grant pre-emp-
tion rights, with two amendments.
The first is to grant five hundred thousand acres
of land to each new State that shall hereafter be
admitted into the Union, upon such admission,
upon the same terms and condition as the grants to
the new States are made.
The second amendment is to repeal a proviso in
the act of 2d June, 1838, reserving certain lands
from sale and fron pre-emption rights, under the
treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek.
Mr. S. said neither of the amendments involved
any principle adverse to the general provisions of
the bill. The first was supposed to be necessary,
to do justice to the Siates hereafter to be admitted
into the Union. The committee had thought that
this was the proper time to make the provision for
the States hereafter to be admitted, which would
place them on a similar footing with the other new
States.
The other amendment was made at the instance
of the member of the committee from Mississippi,
and was believed to be necessary to give to that
Stale the benefit of the act, so far as the pre-emp-
tion principle wa¡ concerned.
Mr. S. had been indisposed to make any amend-
ments to the bill of the House, lest it might operate
against its final passage; but the amendments pro-
posed seemed to be so essential that he had con-
sented to them, with a confident belief that they
would not be objected to, and that the sanction of
the Senate to the bill, as amended, would be
promptly responded to by the House, on its return
to that body. He would not say more, this was
not the proper time; but he thought it proper to ex-
plain the object of the amendments.
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Tne Senate then proceeded to the discussion of
the special order, being the bill to incorporate the
subscribers to the Fiscal Bank of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT moved, as an amendment to the
first section of the bill, to strike out the clause pro-
viding for the subscription by Government for
100,000 shares of the stock ef the Bank. Mr. W.
said it would at once be seen that the effect of the
amendment will be to separate the United States
from ihe corporation. He (Mr. Wrisht) had been
unable to discover, from the debates which had
yet occurred on this bill, or from his own reflection,
any reason for retaining this connecting clause and
making the Government a sharer in the institution,
unless it arises out of one or olher of three princi-
ple?: The first ef these is one of profit aud pecuni-
ary advantage. It is put forward that the stock
will be profitable, and that the Treasury will make
money out of the subscription on behalf of the Go-
vernment that this profit will be the difference be-
tween five per cent, and seven per cent. It was not
long since the country was told the Government
was deeply in debt, and had no surplus in the Trea-
sury. If we have not only no capital to spare, but
are in debt, the question is, would it be prudent,
or could it be right or expedient, to contract as
much more of debt to put into Bank stock on a
mere chance of making profit? Would such a
course be one of sound policy in an individual
