188                                             CONGRESHONAL GLOBE.
five hundred million of publ>c dues in all that time,
«privilege which alone enabled it to make its cir-
culation, national, and alone enabled it to realize at
least one-third of its profits, two-thirds of which
were to be paid to the individual stockholders-
considering, then, all these circumstances as a
mere question of money, independent of high poli-
tacal reasons, the Government ought to have a ma
jonty of directors. Mr. W. knew, however, how
hopeless such a movement would be in this Senate,
and therefore he moved to give the Government
four directors, expecting that the obvious propriety
of such a measure migtit insure its success.
The second point was, that as the Bank now
stood, it must be a mere party machine The nine
directors here were to control the Bank, three of*
whom, as the charier stood, were to be appointed
by the President,and the remaining six by the mdi-
vividual stockholders. Now no one would deny that
the President who signed the charter of the Bank
would appoint the friends of the Bank and his politi-
cal friend* as directors, and as to the remaining six1
appointed by the individual stockholders the friends
of the Bank and of the Bank party, would take all,
or certainly a majority of the stock, and, hold.ng a
majority of the stock, would certainly exercise
their power by electing all their six directois, cho-
sen by taem out of their party The nine directors
here, then, as the charter now stood, would all be
party men and Bank men, they would elect all the
directors of the branches party men, and this would
be amere party Bank, created by a party, controlled
exclusively by a party, and wielded for the benefit
of a party, to reward its friends and punish its op-
ponents. Ye*, the million of voters who at the last
election voted against the Bank, are to be entirely
unrepresented in this Bank, they aie to be disfran-
chised, and the power of the Government, and all
its revenues, to which they contribute one-half, or
nearly one-half, is all to be wielded by a board of
party directors in secret conclave, to maintain in
oflice the party which created it. Ye-., to refuse
this amendment was avowedly to create a party
Bank, an exclusive patty Bank, and for party pur-
poses. It was to crea'e p Bank to enter the canvass
as a mere party and pjliticil machine, to perpetu-
ate the power of the Bank party, and conuol the
freedom of (.lections Yes, if this Bank passed in
its present form, we would never have another fair
and free election, for the Bank would come into
the field, through its branches, m every State, wuh
its mighty concentrated capital of fifty millions
and all the revenues of the Government be-
sides, and aided by the army of a hundred
thousand officeholders, appointed by the Ad-
ministration which created the Bank, would
control the election And should such a
Bank be placed under the exclusive consol of a
party? Sir, a party Bank, an exclusive party
Bank, such as this certainly would be without the
amendment, would be an engine of irresponsible
power, more heartless and irresistible, more cor-
rupt and oppressive, than any that ever disgiaced
the history of man. Now, by the doctrine oí our
opponents, this mighty power i> to be irrepealable
for twenty years. It is to exist unalterably for a
generation, and I appeal even to its friends to
say, whether they are willing to create such a Bank,
to wield its migiity pewer as an ensme of party.
Now, Mr. W s?id his amendment would remove
in part the party character of this institution It
would associate both parties to a certain extent in
the management of this institution, and deprive ii
to some extent of the character of a Bank, con-
ducted exclusively by and lor the benefit of a par-
ty. It wonld secure two, and two only, out of the
nine directors to the party, which gave one mil-
lion of anti-Bank votes at the la t clec ion,
whilst the other party would elect the other seven.
And was even this poor privilege to be refu ed to
this mighty mass of Amencsn freemen, and were
they to be denied all repiesentation in 'hatBwk
which was to exercise tin  tremendous p >wer over
all their pursuits and industr , ard p'ope t\, as
well as that of their fell w-„itiz-n-"i The mode
of election of the Government director-., pi oponed
by Mr. W. was copied, he said, in principle from
from the Pennsylvania law of July 2J, 1839, m
regard to inspectors of the election, which secured
one to each partv, and which had operand so ad-
mirably m that State. In the mode proposed, each
party in the Senate and House, must and would
elect two of the four Government direc'ors, for at
each ballot in the Senate and in the House, two
directors were to be chosen by a plurality of votes,
whilst each member being permitted to vote for one
only, whilst two were to be chosen at each ballot,
the minority and majority tn each House would
thus elect an equal number of the Government
directors. Now by the vote of the Senate the
other day, the majority had decided, as he, Mr. W.
thought most unwisely, that the o-ders of this
central directory for contractions and expansions
of the currency, and for all other purposes, should
be keptsecict, that they should not be published,
and were these orders, affecting much more deeply
the interests of all the peop'e than the laws of Con-
gress, not only to be made in secret, and kept se-
cret, but were they to be made by a board com
posed exclusively of one party, and for the pur-
poses of party? But (said Mr W ) there was a
third and still stronger reason for the change pro-
posed in this amendment. As the bill now stood,
it created a most dangerous and corrupting alli-
ance between th  Executive and the moneyed
power, for all lhe Govern nen' directors were to
be appointed by and removeable at the pleasure of
the Executive Yes, the President was to appoint
three out of nine of the directo'" of the Bank, give
him but two more out of the five, and he com-
mands at pleasure the whole capital of fifty mil-
lions of the Bank, and All the public moneys
deported there And cannot the President
ommand, by office, or promise of office, two
of th- remaining five of the directors' Sir,
I have confidence in the int grit} of the pre-
sent Executive, but if Mr. Jefferson had died
during the first four years whilst he was President,
Aaron Burr, a. Vice President, would have been
Chief Magistrate, and what could he have done
with the control of sueh an mst tution? He would
have had m his gift the appointment an I the pro-
mise of yppointment of all the offices in the Repub-
lic, a seat m the Cabinet, a foreign embassy, a
place upon the bench for life, and all the other
glittering pr z s for avarice or ambition within the
gift of the President, and with all this mighty p w-
e  he has only to command two more men, and the
capital of the Bank, and all the treasures of the
nation are at his disposal Alas ' for frail human
nature, commanded by Heaven to pray daily "lead
us not into temptation," might not such influence
prove irresistible, and with the command of a
Bank with a capital of fifty millions, and all the
public treasures deposited thrre to loan or give to
whom he pleased, and with his army of office
holders, and thousands and ttns of thousands of
Bank-bought mercenan s, could he not place the
diadem upon his brow, distnbu'p his; stars an 1 gar-
ters, and crush the liberties of the nation' for he
would have all its offices and its treasures at his
command, and a capital of a Bank of fifty millions
in addition. Sir, did Gen Harrison recommend
an Executive Bank sueh as this, when he told us,
in substance, m his inaugural, that the povver of
the Executive was already too great, and the dan-
ger was, that the President wouH become a mo-
narch' And what has said the present Executive'
What has siid John Tjlef in regard to the danger
of Executive influence Sir, th  wails of this Se-
nate chamber aie still resoundim  with his elo-
quent aenunciations of E"eeutive po^er; an J if a
subservient Senate, and a servile House, should
s*nl him << hill, with a tender ot such poreei as
thii, let him dash the offered diadem from his
brow, not as Csa.ar d d, to place it there
again, but ltt him crush the glittering bauble
of imperial povver benea'h his feet, and,
standing over toe vetoed crown, the shou's of
more than a million of freemen yet unsubdued by
the cohorts of the Ban!--, will proclaim, in Iht w^rds
of the proud emblem of ).is o vn nnconque ed and
unconqaerabh Virginia, ' sic semper tyrannis " But
it the bill, without thii amenoment, gives not the
Presidtnt the power to clasp upen his brow the
monarch'  crown, what power does or may it give
him' It is conceded that this Bank, with a capital
of fiity millions, and all the revenue of the nation
deposited there, and all its notes alone receiv-
able for public dues, will possess a much greater
power over this nation, and every freeman in
it, than the two Houses of Congress By its
expansions and contractions, it fixes and changes
at pleasure the standard of value; it feeds or
starves the laborer, it makes money plenty or
scarce, it regulates the prices of all property
and of all labor, and of its products, and causes
a rise or fall of fifty per cent, at its pleasure? It
lays tariffs on money and takes them off, and
tariffs upon imports and exports also, for the
tables show that they rise and fall with the increase
or diminution of the currency, and thus it enlarges
or contracts the revenues of the nation at its plea-
sure. It elevates one State, or section, or city, at
its pleasure, and desolates another, as it did Cincin-
nati in 1820 And shall the President appoint the
Government directors, and thus be enabled to
control this trem ndous power? Better let him
expel the two Houses of Congress, and make
the laws, than let him command and control
the edicts of this moneyed power Who shall
appoint thes° directors—the Executive, or the
two Houses of Congress, the President, or
the Representative of the States and of the
people? Who should control the treasures and
Treasury of the nation, as this Bank is called in
this bill?—Congress, or the Executive? Why, have
net the Whig party denounced this control of the
Executive over the public moneys? Have they
not declared that the union between the purse and
the Executive shall be dissolved? Have they not
declared that the Treasurer and the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to be th« officers of Congresss, and
appointed by them' Did they not denounce the
Independent Treasury because the officers who re-
ceived the public moneys, were appointed by the
President, although they could not loan out a dol-
lar, or use a dollar, for any private purpose, with-
out placing themselves as criminals within the
walls oí a penitentiary' But here he is to control
or exercise a tremendous influence over the Bank,
which can and will loan out to whom it pleases all
the public revenues, and fiity millions of bank capi-
tal besides Mr. W said, you have repealed the
Independent Treasury, which could loan or issue
ho money, and now if you create a Bank, let it not
be an Executive Bank, and let it rest upon the ba-
sis of a complete independence of the President,
and a divorce now and forever of all uuion be-
tween the Executive and the moneyed power.
After some remarks by Mr KING, Mr.
Walker, at his suggestion, let the amendment be
laid over for the present, and it was ordered to be
printed.
Mr KING and Mr. CLAY of Kentucky sug-
gested some amendments, making it imperative
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, instead of op-
tional, to sell the surplus stock at not less than its
par value.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted another amendment,
to the effect that the directors should make no divi-
dends except from the nett profits, nor pay to the
stockholders any part of the stock, nor reduce the
capital without the consent of Congress, which was
adopted.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, July 12 1841
The ¡ournal of ^atmday was read and approved
Mr ADAMS offered the following resolution
Mesolvcd, I hat the Secretary of the Ti easury lie directed to
prepare and report to this Houae, at the commencement of the
nex session of Congress a statement'-how mj ihe amount of
stocks issued, and authorized by law to be isj .ted, by the Le
gislatures of the sevuaí fetales and Territories of this Union,
including the District of Columbia and constituting the exist-
ing debts of the said Slates Teiritoneg and Dietuct, specify
ing the amount of thestocks thus issued the rates and terms
of interest payable upon them, the stipulated times of reim
bursement of each loan, the dates of the ]e¡ la ative acts by
which they wne severalty authorized the otjcus of internal
improvement orotheiwi*efcr which the funds th is raised weie
tobeand have been ar plied a id the present conmtion with re-
ference to the prospectof completion of the public works, to
the accomplishment oí which the issue oí the taid stocks was
authoriz
Mi CAVE JOHN'SON expressed the hope that the brief
space of time which yet remained for the discussion of the loan
bill m Committee of the Whole would not be consumed in the
ronsi leration of business belonging to the morning hour As
by a vote of the House the bill was to be taken out of Commit
tee at 2 o'clock, p m he hoped the House would go at once
into committee
