CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ím
tary had placed it at twenty And the gentleman had asked,
With an air of triumph, how so great a difference couid be ac
counted foi Mr F. conceded to the gentleman great candor,
and would Dot retoit the accusation that there was any dispo
sitionon his part to deceive, but as it was, manifest that the
gentleman had very critically examined the Secretary's report,
as well as the President's message, he must have seen that the
President referred by name, and in express v oids only to the
ordinary revenues of the Government, namely, those from
customs, those from the public lands, and a third class teimed
miscellaneous^ wheieas the S'trfHaiy included the power to
loan by Treasury notes as a pan of the means of the Tieasury
The difference was palpabh, and the explanation plain "Was
there any thing in this to discredit the iepon?
It had been said by sorne gentlemen that the money m the
United States Bank should have been chaiged, but this was ail
a mistake Mr F admitted that an error h id ocrurred—an
error in aiepoit made lo the Senate, m answer to th n cal!,
wmch the Secietary had acknowledged But that was a dis
tmct report, made since the 3d of March, and had nothing to do
with the Secretary's annual report to Congress In October,
1840, a sum of money had been received b> a disbuiiing officbt
of Government from the Bank of the United State* Up had ex
pended the money, but returned no account of it until after the
3d of Maith lie feuetary had credited the expeidituie,
but had accidental iy fox got'en to credit the amount to the Trea
Bury
The hour of two having ailived, the committee, in pursuance
of the order ofla^t wt.ek, piocceded (without luither debate) to
vote on the amendments
Mr GILMER move toanendthe amendment of Mt  Tilt
more, by inserting a secnoi authorizing the President to issue
Tieasury notes in lieu of the proposed loan
This amendment, by a>esS2, nus 119 wis rejected
Mr   McKa\ moved to amend M   Tili/wore s amendment,
by striking outtbe words "eithei at the will tf the -ccrctaiy ol
the Treasury, after six months' notice  01 at any time after
three years from the first day of January next," and to mseit
"at the pleas me of the Goveinment
This amendment was rteclaied by the Ohur tobe out of
order
An appeal was taken, and the decís on of the Chair was re
versed
The question on the amendment of Mi McKaVwes then put,
and, by yeas 91, noes 109 wvi ejected
Mr  McKAA  i loved to amend Mr   Filiaíore s amendment
by limiting the application of the money raised under the bill to
the payment of Tieasury notes or outstanding éebts
Which amendment was rejected
Mr McKAI oitered the follovvinq amendment
"Provided, That no part of the money boi rowed shall be ap
plied to defray any of the public expenses if the actual and esti
mated means of the Treasuiy fiomttie vdiiuuh souices of reve
nue for the vear 1841 aie sufficient to make the ablegate ex
penditures of that yeai equal to what they were m 1840
Which am ndment wa*? repc ed
Mr CLIFFORD moved an unenument to r i Fiixmoee s
amendment, which the Reporter c< uld not heat
Mr VAM BliRt/S  ofteied an amendment to pay the Oebt
out of the nett pi oceeds ot the public lando     Rejected
Mr Fillmore's amendment was then iscieedto
After some other piopositions to  amend, which  were íe
jected—
The committee, on motion of Mr FILLMORE, rose and íe
ported the bii! and amendments to the House
And the question being on concurring m the amendments
and ordering tjV bill to be ensro^ed foi a thnd reading —
Mi MORG VN asked the prevunis question, and there was a
second
Mr   CLIFFORD asked tbf >eas and navs on ordering the
mam question, which weie oideied, and, being taken, wcre-
yeas 126, nays, S3
So the main question wa? oiderel to be taken
And the amendments* made m tJinmittce wereconcuned in
Mr WA-RDof New lnrk asked the >ca«f aid nays on oitkr
¡ng the b!!i to be engrossed for a thud read ns, which were or-
dered, and, being taken, were -yea  12?, ui) s 91
So the bill was ordered tobe engiosscd loi a third leading
And the bill havitis been oidered to a third reading now, and
it having been read, and the question being on the final pas
sage theieof, m the following wuidb
AN ACT authorizing i loin not exceeding the«nm of twelve
millions of dollars
Beit enacted oy the Senate and House of Iiepres n(a
Uves of the United States of America in Congie&& assembled,
That the President of the United Mates is hereby authorized, at
any time within one yeai fiom the passage of thi" act, to boriow,
on the credit of the United States a bum not exceeding twelve
millions of dollars or so much thereof is m hi=: opinion the e\i
gencies of the Government may require at a rate of intere&t,
payable quartetiy or semi annually, not exceeding six per cen
turn per annum, which loan shall be made reimbursable ei'her
at the will of the Secretary of the Tieasury, after six months'
notice, oi at any time after three years fiom the 1st day of Ta
nuary ne\t, and said money ¡=o bouowed&halibe applied m ad
dition to the money now in t ie Treasury, or which ma> be íe
ceived therein from other souices, to the payment and íedemp
Uon ot Tieasury rotes heietoiore authonzed, which ai e oi may
be outstanding and unpaid, and to defray anv of the public e\
penses which have been heretofoie oi which ma> he lutho
nzedby law, which s^ock shall be tiausfeiable tn the books ol
Sec 2 Andh*>ü furthpi enacted Tint the Serretaiy of
tbe Tieasur> be,andhc i-heiel)v,aiJthoiized with the wnse t
of the President toexuse to be pr^piiet certificates of stock,
signed bv the St.cietary and counter izied by the Regi^tei of
the Tieasury loi the sum to be bonowed, urauv pait theieof
bearing an ínteres not e\cee ung  i\ pei centum per annum,
and transferable and teimoui^able a  i fore did and to caube
the said a\ theater of stock to be «old Ptouded, That no
stock he^'t' below ptr
Sec I 'ndbfittfwthei enacted That the Seciefm oí
theTre t ¿ le md lu is hereby, authoiued to receive pro
posáis luí i \ ff thpsiiiloiii or to employ an i^cii oi ascuts
for the puijr w of negotiating the same, and 10 piv to him or
them a rea*.-  diccommisnn not exceeding one teoth ot ont
5>er cem oun uiinnit'-o ic„ mated which sum to be allowed
to such aeem < i t°t,nt* and -uch expense a*, maybe neces^
rily incurred m punting and issuing certificates of stock, and
other expenses incident to the due ex* uiUun of tins act, m all
not exceeding tw^W" thous md dollars, which sum is hereby
appropriated for that purpose, and shall be paid out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
Sec 4 And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to purchase, at any time before
the period herein limited for the redemption of stock hereby
authonzed, such poition thereof as the lunds of the Govern
ment may admit of, after meeting all demands on the Treasury,
and any surplus m the Treasury is hereby appropriated to that
object
Sec 5 And be it further enacted, That the faith of the
United States be, and i^ hereby pledged foi the punctual pay-
ment of the mtere-L ami icdtmpuon of said stock
Mr CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays, which wexc
ordered, and, bemgtaken, were as follows
YEAS—"Mesáis Adams, Alford Alien, L W Andrews, S
J Andrews, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Baiton, Birds-
eye, Black, Bian, Boardman, Borden, Bnggs, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Bmnell, William Butler, Calhoun, Wm B
Campbell, I J Cimpbell, Caruthers, Chib's Chittenden, John
C Claik, S N Claike, Cnwen Cranston, Cravens, Cushing,
G Davi ,W C Dan&on, Debeiry, J>hn C Edwards, Everett,
Fes^enden, Fillmore, A L footer Gamble, Gates, Gentry,
Giddnff-s, Gilmer P G GoocV Graha n, Green, Gieis, Haber
«ham, Hall W S H^tmsp , Henry, ifoward Hudson, Hunt,
I Irvir, W W Iiwin, James, JSaac 1) Jones King, Lane,
Lawrence, X^mn, T T Marshal! s Mat-on Muhior, Mattocks,
Maxwell Maynard, Meriwethei, Moore, Moigan, Morn , Mnr
row Ni=net, Osbomt Owsley,Pearce, Pendleton, Poj e, t'owell,
Promt, Ramsey, B Randall A Randall, Randolph, Ra>noi,
Renchei, Rideway, RocIney,Rus3e3l, SaUon->tali, Seigeant, Shep
perd, S'ade, Smith, So!le¡s Manly, Stokely, si ration, Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Richard W Thomp
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tumlm&on, Tnplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood Vin Rensselaer, Wallace, Warien Washington, Fdward
D White, T W Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H
Williams Joseph h William^ Winthrop, Augustus Young,
and   John Younsc—121
NAYS—Me^rs Arnnston, \theiton, Banks, Bidlack,
Bovvne, Boyd Brewsiu, Aaion V Blown, Charles Brown,
Rurke Wm O Bmlei Gteen W Caldwell, PitnckC Cald
well Tobn Campbell, Caí y Í hipman CUrToid, Clinton, Coles,
Cro=is, Daniel, R D Divis, T )hn B Dawson, l)eai, í)oin,
Doig Easiman, J ( Eiwaul^, Egbeit Ferrib, John G 1 lyd,
Charles A I loyr1, F( rnance, <ieiry Gog«m, Goidon, Iltnn,
J Hasting--, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins Houck Houston Hu
bard, Hunter, lngersoli, Jick, Cave Johnson, John W J mes,
Reim Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell, A McCiel
Ian R McClellan, McKav, Mallory, Marrhand, A Marsha 1,
J T Ma-on, Mathews, Mediil, Miller, Newhard, Oliver, Pai
menter, Patridge Payne, Picken=, Plumei, Reding, Rheu,
Riggs, Roo-er^, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snvdcr,
Spngg, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Tun ey, Van Buien Waid,
Wattei^on, Weber, We>tbrook, J L White, Wise, and
Wood—93
^o the bill was parsed
Mr WI^E mo^ed that the House tesolve itself into Commit-
tee of the \\h dc on the state of the Union on the two bills ie
cently reponed from th^ Committee on Na^al Affsi-s
A motion wa^ made that the House adjourn, which motion
prevailing,
I he House adjourned
IN SENATE
Tuesday, July 13, 1841
At half-past ten o'clcvk, the uscal prayer was
said by the Chapla>n, but   there wa^ ret a quo-
rum in (he Senate
Mr BENTON ■•tood up, and said  it was evi
dent t^at under the opataüon of the rule requir
in  the Senate to commence its daily sessions at
ten o'clrck, ard,   allowing   but   one   hour   'rom
that to eleven for !he mornirg hu ine"5, his fiend
[Dr.LiNN] would to day be re«inci d to 'e^ 'hti> h-lf
an hf ur in the d( livery of hi-* ej position ot Wh g pr.n-
ciples ai d pract^e5'. Theresas no quorum the Pre-
sident of Ihe Senate was here;  th-- Secretary and
C'erk were herr, ,>nd the bos'? hid b°en in for a
few momen s, but finding his bai ds wete ats^nt,
l e had l tt.    He  [Mr Benton] and some ten or
twelve o> his fnenr ,hsd bid their pra}?!1  'rom the
Chaplai ; but the hands who were to erect the b nl '-
mg had to ao without an-      )t 'hi> \ ss tre >■( rt
of morn g hour to ^e a'l >w 1 ihe  in r r tv, he
would advre his inend-- to   do as   h1   and   \li
Macoi, had beep, obliged to do <>" a iortner < ccasioa,
when a «imi'ar tale  vji en'orcd    Mr   Mrin
had vot«d ?^« n.tthe ¡u'e, bin, Icinj. a !a  abi ung
man, xv'-en o^ee u was estab >-. ed. he "a* detci-
mitied to pc! up to it, ?nd h  cure ronetuady t„ the
momen',    He(Mr B ) folio xcd clo e at lie-1 ecK,
and. after waiting pa i"iit!y some time, and finding
only siK ptesent, they did what a maprity ot th' se
¡u a'tendance h"d a   right to do, and fth t he (Mr
Benton) would, if this course is fo'lowed up, have
done;  they adpurned  and   wr-nt home, and  iho-e
who came m after had the buvin ss to "hen^ei/c--,
and theresponsibiliiy of their own m'c,a' Jacnr oi.
that rule.    He (Mr Hfntin) thought h~  ew no v
pre'ent couM not do better ih'n to  olio v   hio e\
i anr-1 , and he woaM nctual'v  rropis     "• do it n
i  tho^e who made the rul   p r-is ed in th"; coor-3.
If ne'the  t e boss nor his Hand- w r« tiTe, how
was the building m  be earned on1   Tha e was no
use in thote wm could only look on remaining.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate and Secretary
remarked to Mr. Benton that they had been in
attendance since ten o'clock.
Mr. BENTON said he was aware of thatj but
there was no quorum, and wbat could they doí
Shortly after the PRESIDENT took the chair,
and the journal was read by thf Secretary, thirteen
Senators, being present; but before the reading of
jouinal had been finished, shere were twenty-four
Senators m a Tendance,
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a eoto-
municanon from the War Department in relation
to the removal of the raft on Red river.
On motion ot Mr. SEVIER, five hundred addi-
tional copies were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition fremciü-
zens of Mississippi in favor of a bankrupt law;
which -<as laid on the table
Mr BENTON said he would take the occasion
of the motion just made relative to printing, to
cay that he should now give notice it was his in-
tention to submit at some future day a resolution of
nquiry into the expediency of contracting for some
more expedit'ous mode of having the printing of
(he Senate accomplished than that now adopted.
Tins was the first daj ¡bmce the beginning ot (he
se<sion that any portion of that the printed jour-
nal of the Senate had been laid on the tables
of Senators, and even this portion is only up
to the middle of Jane—thirty days in arrear.
It had always been customary for two copies
of the journal tobe laid on each table, in the Se-
nate almost dai'y, and without falling m arrear at
all There ?as frequent occasion far Senators in
dtbate to mfer back to the journals; bat that could
not now be d' n« within thirty days. He wished
i1 to be understt o\ thai he now gave notice of the
ffioticn be intended to maite on the subject.
Mr. KER submitted a resolution in rsla-
twn to changing the hour of meeting from 10 to 11
o'clock
The S^na'e proceeded to the consideration
of the resolution submitted to Mr. Bochanak,
calling on th^ President tor a 1m of all the
pt rsons removed from office since the 4ih of March,
1841.
Mr. LINN occupied the morning hour without
concluding his remarks.
[When Mr. Linn shall have closed his observa-
tions  on this subject, they will be published in
full]
FISCAL BANK OP THE UNITED STATES.
TI e Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of ih« «pec al order, being the bill to meorporate
the subscribers to the Fi-cal Bank of the united
States
Mr WRIGHT offe>ed the foliowirg amend-
ment:
"Andi! at any time stirh suspension of specie payments shall
become jeneial as to the lut ¡hues and obligations above enu-
meiaied, "V any class or pom in of them, either at the said
pimcipalbank, oi at any one of the biaochea, offices, or agen
ciesiher of usnjll be thuilutyof the Attorney General of the
Unik 1 S ates, torthwith to make application to the Circuit Court
ol tin United tatates, &x y bill 01 ( muon, m the nature of a
¡iroreelir? in chancer), fot an injunction to restrain the said
pnncipal bank and al] ih'sdiu branches offices, and agencies,
wheiever loctieü, from making any furiher issues of bills,
note^, draft-- ot other secones for the payment of and calcu-
late ¡ and intended to circulate as money and from all transfers
oí pr pertv «ales, purchases, or anv other transactions of bu-
^me^, whit h ma] endanstei or impair the security of the credi
toisnf thesailbank ofaiyciass or description, and forthe ap.
pjintment bj ilte saidourt, oi the said chief justice, as the
ia>omiyb ,uf atlustee oruurieesto late possesion, thesu-
pi-ivi ion care, and charsre of the pioperty effects, and rights
book* papei-,, and a'l other thm s belonging to the said bank
md Uie branches office-., and agencies thtteof, and all money,
-ioIj, m Securities deposited therein to whomsoever the same
imy of light belong And the said court shall, upon the
h'uig ol such bill oi petition, have full and ample equity juris
d. uon ot the whole matters, aud in case the said corporation,
with the aid of the ti u-tee or trustee! to appointed bv the said
specie payment in fui! at the said principal uann, auu an
hi anche-- offices, and asencicg'hereof, within the space of'
with tbealdiMuic nú-.--*,. -.„-----
cout   oi thesaid chief]Ustice,asthecasemay be, fail to resume
......   --" ~ ~-----1 .—i   and alt the
htanctie-- ouibes aimascuuw......v.,   ...........--   pace Of------
d ys fiom the dav of such susper-sion, and tt continue such spe-
cie pavment^ v. ithout further interruption oi suspension, then
he ^aid oourt sha!! proceed to oulei the nansfer, both of pos
let-e on and pio >erty of all the nn,pertv and effects of the said
corpoiaion, of every name an 1 coaiacter whatsoever, to the
nus'ct or tin Le * aforesaid, to be pertected and to have all the
busmessof the said corporation finally closed under us order
and diree ion and the chatter fortetted in 1 annulled    Ana be-
-      .    ...t.    „„,j„r„----fl^ci.,,1 nrnnertv. aS the
ihe
- _             pur.
act, as allowed
feu- nv dmdend shall ht- made from the said property, as
avails thereof, to the ci editors of the said corporation, all
apeles mcuWed an tenue direttton of the --aid court mi
Scerftiie provisions of ini* section ol this act, as alto'
and ?a«dbj the said couit, or the said chief justice theieif,
"hallbítot pa <i, aid when the dividends are made, therrodt.
