%n
tors of the said corporation shall tie preferred in the following
order, viz:
"The holders of the bills, notes, and other paper of the said
corporation, issued and intended to circulate as money, and ac-
tually so circulated and used, shall be first fully paid according
t  the provisions of this section.
"The public deposites of the United States shall be next fully
paid according to the same rule.
tvThe private depositaries of the said Bank shall be next fully
paid according to the same rule.
','AH the other creditors of the said corporation, the stockhold-
ersexcepted, shall next be fully paid according to the tenor and
effect of their respective contracts with, and obligations against,
the said corporation.
"All the stockholders of the said corporation, the United States
included, shall be next paid the nominal val u e of the stock held
by them respectively, in case the fund remaining in charge of
the said court, over and above expenses, shall be equal to such
payment.
"And lastly, any balance of the said fund which may remain
after the payment of all expenses, as taxed and allowed by the
said court, and making all the payments hereinbefore directed,
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States for the use
of the said States."
Mr. WRIGHT showed that this amendment
was in effect the application of the law of New
York in regard to banks failing to redeem their
notes in specie, to the national institution. He ex-
hibited perspicuously the operation of the proposed
amendment in the experiment of the system as
adepted in Kgard to the banks of the State, justly
regarded the greatest commercial one in the Union,
and, therefore, most deeply inlerested in the sound
condition of banking institutions. He showed that
of all measures, that which he now proposed for
the new institution haá been most effectual in
securing specie payments, and preserving the mul-
titude of banks, great and small, which are scatter-
ed throughout the Conmmonwealth of New York,
from the rtnn in which similar institutions had in-
volved themselves and those dependent upon them
in other quarters.
Mr. BERRIEN thought there was ample provi-
sion made against a suspension of specie pay-
ments, in the power to issue a scire facias, and the
penalty of twelve per cent, allowed to all unpaid
demands during a suspension of specie payments.
Mr. BUCHANAN supported Mr. Wright's
amendment. He asserted that the principal ob-
ject of granting banking privileges, so far as the
public were concerned, was to secure to the peo-
ple, at all times, a paper currency convertible into
specie. That the most effectual security which
could be given to insure this, was to subject the
Bank, at the time of its creation, to an irrevocable
decree that, upon a suspension of specie pay-
men's, it must eease to exist. Then the instinct
of self-preservation would induce it to conduct
its affairs in such a manner as to avoid self-de-
struction. This provision was not an untried ex-
periment. It had succeeded admirably in pre-
serving specie payments in New York. He
contended that the provision in the charter au-
thorizing Congress to pass future laws upon the
subject, er authorizing a scire facias to issue by
order of either House, would not produce the ef-
fec'; because the Bank would believe that Con-
gress would never act upon this power. They
would indulge the Bank as all State Legislatures
had done. The provision, to be effectual, must be
a self-operating provhion, which would at once
place the Bank in a state of liquidation aft«r hav-
ing suspended specie payments for sixty or ninety
days. If thi* amendment should prevail, it would
be an example for the States by which they could
not fail to benefit. It would prevent combinations
among the banks, such as that which had existed
in Philadelphia, and resulted in a suspension of
specie payments throughout more than half the
Union. Each one must then stand upon its own
independent footing, and act in such a manner as
to save itself from destruction. Had not the
sound banks of Philadelphia combined to save
those that were unsound, this suspension would
have been avoided. But these unsound bank*had
soon afterwards brought the sound ones to their
own level.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN objected at considerable length
to the amendment under any modification.
Mr. WALKER advocated the amendment, and
urged the great interest which the Government
had in patting an end to the Bank which, so far
from accomplishing ihe very objects for which it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcfi.
was chartered, by its suspension gave breadth and
depth to the evils which it is assumed such a
Bank only can prevent. The suspension of a
National Bank rendered the malady universal and
of long continuance. If such a Bank could not
resume in sixty or ninety days after a suspension,
(this being the time to which its loans are limited,)
it could never pay. He was willing to give this
time to recuperate before the forfeiture should at-
tach. To refuse, then, to provide for the winding
up of such a concern, which proved itself insol-
vent by being incapable to resume in three months,
was to insiit that the regulator of the currency
should be an insolvent Bank—that an irredeema-
ble currency should be the medium of payment to
and from the Government—that all the Govern-
ment deposites should continue to flow into an in-
stitution after it had become notorious as a bank-
rupt—and that without the possibility of taking
any measures to secure its means, in the absence
of Congress, if the mode proposed in the amend-
ment were rejected.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama suggested to the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Wright,] that he might ob-
viate the objection to the modified form of his
amendment, urged by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,] by giving the jurisdiction to the
judge of any circuit, in which a branch may have
suspended specie payments. By such modification
the amendment would conform to the general le-
gislation, not only of this Government, but of the
several States on similar subjects. He (Mr. C.)
threw out the suggestion for the consideration of
the Senator from New York, though he did not
deem it a matter of much consequence.
Mr. C. said he was surprised at the views which
had been expressed by the Senator from Georgia,
on this subject. That gentleman seemed to con-
sider the provision of the 17th section of the bill
as it stooJ, giving to the holders of its notes, bills,
and obligations, interest at the rate of 12 per cent,
per annum, a sufficient guarantee in connection
with the power reserved to Congress by the pro-
viso, to enact laws, hereafter, enforcing and regu-
lating the recovery of the amount of such notes,
bills, and regulations.
Mr. C. maintained that such provisions stopped
short of the enactments to be found in the charters
of almost every bank in the country. In his own
State, and, as he understood, in Pennsylvania, >n
this District, and perhaps in most of the States
throughout the Union, the same provision was to
be found in bank charters generally, not only for
the payment of twelve per cent, interest, in case of
suspension, tut the further provision, that creditors
of the banks shall be entitled to recover their claims
by the same summary mode of proceeding allowed
to the banks themselves. Yet the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berrien] seems to be satisfied with
the re«eivation of power to Congress to legislate
on the subject hereafter. This, Mr. C contended,
would be retrograding—receding instead of ad-
vancing in providing guarantees for the security of
creditors, and insuring to the community a stable
currency of value equivalent to gold and silver.
The Senator from Geoigia aUo referred to the
provisions of the 23d section, which authorizes the
award of a scire facias, and a decree annulling the
charter under certain circumstances, as affording
sufficient remedy in case of suspension. Mr. C said
this, too, was a provision to be found in almost every
bank charter; and, if not contained in a charter,
would no doebt result from the very nature nf the
grant. A scire facias might be run asainst a bank,
or any other corporation, for a violation of the
terms of its charter; and, if convicted of such vio-
lation, its charter might be annulled, even without
any express reservation of the kind. But, he ask-
ed, what would become of ¡he rights of creditors
while this litigation was going on? Might not the
bank squander its effects during the pendency of
such a proceedina? And did not experience prove
the utter inefficiency oí such a remedy?
Mr. C. said, if a physician weie to resort to the
same medicine as a remedy for some fatal disease
which had proved ineffectual in a thousand instan-
ces, and perhaps universally before, what would be
thought of his wisdom and discretion? And how
much better would it be for ns to rely upon enact-
*
ments in this case, which all experience has shown
to be utterly unavailing and inefficient? For one,
he said, he was unwilling to rely on remedies which
have heretofore proved wholly futile and nugatory.
Let us not mock the' country by any such deceptive
enactments.
But the Senator from Georgia deprecates en-
grafting such a provision in the proposed charter,
before we have subjected the State banks to a bank-
rupt law. Mr. C said he thought there was a
very clear distinction between the two cases. He
had heretofore resisted the attempt to include State
institutions in a bankrupt law—nor had he changed
his sentiments upon that subject. He had resisted
it on the ground that those institutions were the
creatures of the States, and responsible to them only,
and not the .General Government—and that such a
law would be retrospective in its operation. He
said neither of tljose objections existed in the pre-
sent instance. We are now creating this Fiscal
Bank of the United States—it is to be our creature
—and we have the undoubted power, if we can
charter it at all, to engraft upon it such conditions
as we may deem expedient. Besides, he said, if
the provision be now incorporated in the charter,
those who may become stockholders, will have fair
notice—they will have no right to cordplain that
the principle is retrospective in its character. Mr.
C. concluded by saying, under all these views, he
should support the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from New York with great cordiality.
Mr. BENTON spoke next in support of the
amendment. He urged in a forcible argument
which we shall present to our readers in a few
days, the necessity of enforcing the law without any
allowance of 90, 60 30, or even 10 days after sus-
pension of specie payments
Mr. WOODBURY was willing to trust the ju-
diciary, and the law, and the trustees appointed
under it, to manage the concerns of the Bank, after
it had become insolvent, rather than the directors
who shall have brought it to that condition. He
showed that the great oracles of the Bank party,
at the time when in the highest credit with those
who now object to the amendment, had severally
urged it as the only mode of giving stability to
banks and a bank currency. He quoted Mr. Bid-
die to this point when interrogated by his own
friends of the Congress Committee on this subject.
He quoted Mr. Appleton and Mr. Gallatin to the
same point, and repled in a very decisive argu-
ment to Mr. Berrien's protestation against the
right of repeal in Congress in regard to the insti-
tution now about to be established, to assume the
duties of the Treasury Department. He entered
into the nature of the Fiscal Agent, and showed
that the power it exercised was over thf? most im-
portant of Government concerns; and that it was
on the pretext alone that it was necessary and pro-
per as a Government power,that the constitutional
right to establish it was asserted.
Mr. BERRIEN replied to all the arguments
urged in favor of the amendment, at d went at
large into the question of the right to repeal the
charter of the new institution.
Mr. WRIGHT referred to the fact that these
guards had been introduced in a great variety of
"ink charters, and among the rest, of the former
Bank of the United States, and had always
proved ineffectual. On the other hand, his reme-
dy, which placed the assets of the Bank instantly
in the hands of trustees on a suspension, and which
gave to the judiciary, in the execution of the law,
power to make such disposition, as in case of con-
tinued insolvency for the time specified in the char-
ter, had ansyerei well. It would secure tbe credi-
tors of the Bank and the parties interested in the
Bank, with the least possible loss to any, while for-
feiture of the charter,which was was made the final
penalty of the gross mismanagement which incapa-
citated the institution for the duties apperiaining to
it, would be found effective as a preventive of the
abu«e of privileges by bankers, and the best reme-
dy for the which grew out of such abuses. He
further urged that the notes of a bank in suspen-
sion ought not to be received for public daes. The
Bank, then, is not in a condition! to receive the
public money. Its affairs, if taken into the hands
of the Judiciary, are then placed under the control
