194
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
newal of the same attempt which had been made
at the last session, and which had resulted in the
repeal of the btll He contended that the appro-
priation was required to redeem the public faith,
■which had been pledged when the United Sta es
took to its own care this pension fund, raised from
the prize money earned by our gallant tars If the
law of 1837 were repealed, some substitute musí
be provided, and on tbis there would probably be
great difficulty m getting the committee to ag ee
He hoped the amendment would nu be pressed,
and doubted if it were in order
Mr. McKAY offered to wi hdraw his amend-
ment, if the chairman of the Naval Commit'ee
(Mr. Wise] would assure him that he would amend
the bill so as to prevent any officers, from enj «y ng
both pay and pension.
Mr. WISE thought, after what had been stated,
that it was unreasonable to ask him to goirto
amendments to the bill. Be ides, should he cfl> r
such an amendmentas the gentleman asked, it was
by no means certain it would be agreed io by ihe
House. Mr. W. was inclined to doubt the coi red-
ness of its principle, and others might do the same.
The pension was for wounds or meritorious acts
past; the pay was for present service. He could
not consent to go into the fHd of amendments no ,
he was not prepared for it All he now a ked was
means to supply an actual deficit, and to pay what
was actually due, or soon would be.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said that the bill oueht
not to be loaded wilh amendments to endanger
and perhaps destroy it, whether ihe gentleman from
Virginia did or did not stipulate as was reque ted
That had nothing to do with the matter fh-
Naval Cemmittee had instructed him to rtport the
bill as it stood, and he had no authority to move
to amend it save by consent of he commit ee
Mr. T. renewed the expression ot his doubts is to
the amendment being in ordtr, and hio fears that
It might shipwreck the bill
Mr. CALHOUN considered the amendment as
unnecessary. The gentleman from North Carolina
admitted that the bill ought to pa «, and ihere vould
be lime enough to revise and amend the laws be-
fore January next, to which time this bill would
operate. He coincided in the opinion which had
been expressed as to the character of the law of
1837. it was one of the most improvident and
rsckle«s acts that ever had passed under ihi Go
vernment, and more money had been drawn m der
its sanction from the Treastirv in a single ye-r
than had been under all the pension laws for forty
years, but the amendment wis of a nature to re-
quire much consideration And why atlempt that
in the midst of a Committee of ihe V? hole House,
on which the Naval Commitlee were ocupted m
their committee room with so murh tetter oppor-
tunity for due examination and reflection? Here
was a deficit for moneys justly due let us supply
*t now, and at the next session go into a general
bill.
Mr. HOLMES contended that ihe amendment
was not in order The present bill lested on that
of 1837, and an amendment to repeal (hat bi 1
was inconsistent with this, and so not in order
It was like moving a coro'lary first, and the theo-
rem on which it depended afterward. Mr H
confirmed the truth of the btatcment of tbe cha r-
man, thit &e law. in relation to this fur-d weie 11
utter confnsion Mr H when on th  Naval Com-
mittee, had studied with a view to comprehend
them, but had given it up He thrt ght that the
•widows of our officers and gallant tars ¿hou d not
prematurely and without an hour's not ce be de-
prived at a blow oí their dependence for suppor
they ought to have such notice as m ght sr've them
at least some opportunity to provide for the charge
jn their condition
Mr. KING made the same point of order, viz
that the amendment was out of order, and called
on the Chair to decide
The CHAIR (occupied by Mr Aimms) decide!
that, according to parliamentary law, the amend-
ment would be out of ordei, but, according to a
decision of the House at ih last session, it was in
order, and, on that authority, he decided tbe
amendment to be in order,
Mr KING took an appeal, which he briefly ar-
gued, as did Mr WISE, when,
The question be dp put en sus'atnm" the Chair,
the ayes were 39, the noes 50 No quorum
voti 1g
Mr KING withdrew his appeal
Mr FILLMORE wished to unders and whether
the bi'l was for pensions accruing under the law of
1827?
Mr WISE replied and explained
Mr MALLORY supported the amendment, and
recited many cases of gr< ss abuse under the law
Officers who were in the reteip' of salaries of from
three to five thousand dollars had received arrears
of pension m 1837 to the tune of ten thousand dol
lar > He did not wish such a law to continue in
foice for six months longer, end therefore he was
for repealing it now a greater legislative abuse
had never been perpetrated, and it ought to be
brought to an end as, soon as po'sib e
Mr SALTONSTALL opposed the amendment.
He admitted the abu^s under the act of 1837, but
s ill contended that the amendment repealing it,
and proposing also o he' provision -, was a fair
subject of discussion The fund was a noble one,
and should be continued through all time, but it
had been exhausted, chiefly by one improvident
law, and the faith of the Government was, pledged
for its restoration This must be done, not only
for the national bnnor and the benefit < f those now
living, but for tbe sake of the naval service in time
to come. In the mean time pensions were due on
regular certificate , and ought to be provided for
Objectionable as the law of 1837 might be, it
should not be repealed in a light and has y and in
considerate manner, nor at a'l until notice had
been sent to those concerned
Mr CAVE JOHNSON thmgh ih" d bate most
extraordinary All agreed teat ihe bill ought to
pass, and all admitted that the bill of 1837 was a
bid act, and ought to be lepealed at some time
Yet they ref ised to act, aid seemed to want the
law to continue Next session the same song
would be heard, and ihen more money would be
a ked for
Mr. BURNELL siid he was a member of the
National Committee, and considered it his duty,
under the very extraordinary attack which had
been made upon the bill, to say something in its
def?n( e and that of the committee who had report
ed ¡ . The question was a simple one Ail ad-
mitted that ihe pub'ic f i> i nas pledged for the
payment of the e pensiors §140 000 was needed
to meet them Did anv gentleman object to the
appropriation? He belie* ed there was none, but
then a gentleman rose and moved an amendment
with a long stung of measures which it was itn
possible now to look into, and which proposed, in
fact, to do that which the chairman of the commit
tee had just dec'ared would be out of their power
to accomplish during tbe prpsent sesnon It was
a pioposal to transfer the action of a standingcom-
mittee on a most difficult and romp] iracd subject,
to the Committee of the Whole Hjkse. Why
take such a responsibility when the committee told
the House that ihey were engaged on the subject
and were maturing a .general and coi iprohensive
bill? If gentlemen thought the «tibjv* ought to
be investigated and reported on at the present ses-
sion, there was but one course to pursue, and that
was to recommit the bill wi'h instructions Whose
rights were they passing upon? The jii "if of wi
dowsand orphans of cut gallant na^il heroes.
Ye= it wis their rights which gentlemen now pro-
posed  o cast upon an ocean ot utiecr'amtv Shoald
oh of the vctims inquire of them when they
went home, what have vou done, and,why did you
t ike my bread away? they would be unable to an
swer to her, to their co sen nee, or to their God.
How long would this sess on last'
Mr B referred to ronver ations in the commit
tee, and said fiat the «ubject had been placed par-
ticularly in ¡he hands of his friend before him,
[Mr. Calhoun,] and after further remonstrating
on the impolicy and unfairness of urging ihe
amendment at this moment, expressed his hope
that it would either be postponed er rejected
Mr STEENROD said that, when the subject
had been up last session, the same difficulty had
been raised as at presen', all were agreej that this
$t40 000 should be paid, tbatjhe law of 1800
should be held sacred, and that that of 1837 was
th  act by which the former liw had been killed.
Was it not plain what should be their course? If
the law of 1800 was ¡o be held sacred, then r peal
ihe law of 1827 Postpone other questions till
they could be agrcd on, but put an end to this
abominable statu'e.
Mr McKAY dec'io d going into the g ncral
subject of the obi g non rf the Government o
make good the deficit in ihe Navy pension fund.
He was williug the money should be granted, but
the amendment was the fru t of the labors of a
most able committee of the Senate, af!er i d^iay of
two or three jear?, and it ha 1 b^en accompanied
by one of the best reports he ever read The law
of 1837 was a violatio i ot 'he whole spirit and in-
tent of the pension fund, anlshcu d not be suffered
to exist for Ano her hour
Mr MALLORY here moved to amend the
amendment offered by Ml McKay by stribtn" out
all of it save that clause which went to repeal the
act of 1^37
Mr. WISE made a reply to a query of Mr Fill-
more, but, as usual, with his back to the Reporters,
to whom it was incomprehensible He was un-
derstood to exphin for v. hat pensions the money in
the bill was asked for, io le-peathis former explana-
tion as to the confusion of the laws, and the ex-
pectation of the committee tj have a general law
matured previously to the 1st of January next
Mr CLIFFORD earnestly support d the amend-
ment. He was for action row a he necessity and
propriety of the repeal had not been denied by
any one Why defer it till next session? He
trusted gentlemen would not be fngh'ened by the
tone cf the remanís ot the gentleman ir m Mas.
sachusetts, [Mi Bornell,] Mr C. was not.
Though they might not be Able now to mature a
S5stem, there was one thing they could oo and
that was, repeal the law of 1837, and fall b-.ck oa,
the laws as they had exisited previously He ap.
pr-hended no danger of injustices 'o oiphans and
widows, knowing as he did the charac ei cf tnaf
commitlee or tbe Senate who had draught d the
amendment in the first instance tie s,omd pre-
fer excluding from it the revenue cuuers)stem Hs
was not for extending the system of pensions, nor
was he opposed to the sjsem useK, but onlyio the
operation of the most extraordmaiy and unpa<
ralleltd statute it v as now pioposed to r peal.
Mr. TILLINGHAST opposed the amendment.
If the law was repea ed, mere rrtist be a substi-
tute for it, and those prodded in the amendment
needed revision and mo lihealion Congress m ght
have made great mistakes in passin? that b '1, but
it was not to be supposed toa' they ac ed al oguher
without reason, and it weutd not do 'o say that
when the law was passed no gnejance exited
which it proposed to remedy. Tnere were, un-
der ihe 4ti section of the law of 1837, a variety
of pensions granted, all of which would be thrown
aside should the amendment prevail They naa
been granted at, ?n eicourag ment to men to enjtst
in the naval service, they constituted, in fact, a
part of the compensation oa vbie'i a mm calcu-
lated on entering the public naval service of his
country, and it was a fo-m of compensation
the most gratifying of all o Kers to a brave ard
generous man
Mr WARD, berire he vo'ed to repe >1 the law
of 1837, wishz-d belter to understand its provisions,
and he ca led for the reading of the statute.
It was read according y
Mr. W. said mat he \ as re^dy to go a^ far as
to pension those, whether in h  1 ndor naval ser-
vice, who had been acti ady wounded m these-
vtce, or to pension tbo t, wh°ih-riu tne land or
naval service, or to pens on'he wnesof those
who had died ¡n battle. He  as constrained, as
far as he now sav, to vote 'or he iepeal
The que t>on rowrecurnn  on ih-> amendment
offered by Mr Mallory viz to strike out .ill the:
amendment moved bv Mr. McKav, save the re-
peal of the law of 1837—
Mr. MALLORY exp'ained at some length the
reasons for the amendment, and
