tU                                         CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
twelve millions, and that this bill proposed to ex-
pend a large sum of money. The e utmv were not
included m the estimates of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury  a"0 tnat officer did not sty a single
word m regard to the appropriations now asked
He'(Mr. McK ) would nofay that such matc-ials
might not be proper enough to be collects!, but
was it at all necessary to do it withm three yeais?
Why not extend the time to over five years? It
wag for these reasons he moved to reduce ihe ap
propriation tothree hundred thousand dol'~rs
Mr- PROFFIT s&id he was surprised that any
debate should arise upon the bill under coT-idtrr-
tion, after the explanation g vei by i be chairman
Of the Committee on Natal Affairs, [Mr Wis*- ]
The question was thi=. Th  Aden mstrit on,
through the proper channels the Sec e a>> of tne
Navy and the appropriate commutes of the House
asked Congress to make appropmt ons ii r the
purchase of arms, ammumt on, &a ftr the ravt
It was enough for him to know that i' was de-
mande las neceser), and the explanation' given
hid proved it to be so, and h-id a muei ). rr/er
amount been required, he (M P) woullbave
voted for it The gentle m-ni from North Caro
lina [Mr. McKay] moved tore!u e the amount,
and proposes to expend the sam to 1 e granted in
scattering appropriations during ihe nextfivs> jfats
This was caled economy, and the party in p wei
are every moment cal'ed upon to red em ti eir
promises, of retrenchment, ant are 'aunlmgly
asked if-this is the glorious <eform which was
promised during the last canva s for the Presi-
dency?
Mr. P said gentlemen did not or would not nn
derstand the ground occupied by the Administra-
tion party. Why, one of the pledget, which we, as
a party, made was, that we v ould expend wore
money or certain objects than did our opponen's
Mr. TRIPLETT said that if ever there wi, an
occasion when the low, gro/ellin?, paity politics
of the day should be shunned and not introduced
into debate, it was on the present He call >d upon
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay]
to go into the details of this bill and to point out
what were the items in it tha' could be dispensed
with. Could they dispense with powder? Could
they dispense with shot, or any other artu les men
tioned? Could they, for n stance, di pense with
steamboats? Great Britain had set thi-. country an
example m regard to them "ihich it would be  i
dom to follow. Stippi si íg a war to hrtak o it be-
tween Eoaland and the United S ate-., and the
State of Nsrth Car Una to bt -uddenly sitae!, ed
by the enemy, would not the const tuents ef thf
gentleman [Mr. McKay] be in lined 10 hold him
responsible fcr having withheld his vott n iavor
of this bill? He won d a k the gent errnn, if he
was oppowd to the navy, to come our b< |j|y sn<\
say so. He had not lizard a solitary a gi,m nt or
a «ingle reason given why these appiopuationo
ought not to be made He meitJore hoped, before
any gentleman gave his vote against this bill, he
would favor the committee with his reasons foi do-
ing so.
Mr. WARD regretted that the gentleman Horn
North Carolina [Mr McKav] ¿haul i nave ob
jected to certain items m this bill, and then he
proceeded to remark d at our fortifica ions -ill
along the coast woe m mo«t in=tarfes, m a st?t^
of dilapidation, and that, i' uar should su'danl,
break out between the TJmkd Sta es atid an/
foreign country, our cit ta m ght b* bj^ncd <•> irn
ground, unless there was a numbtr of war '■team
boats built to defend them from a ta<-k Mr W
read from a book h  had íecently received from a
gentleman in New York, giving a statement of the
average value of che commerce of ihe United
8tates, as compared with that of England ard
Prance, and also of the tonnage of tii< ir ships,
the number of their ships of 'var, eamen, &c
He then asked gentlemen to look at wh-t
was the condition of the navy of ihe unite t
State , and said that he would have been cratiftrd
it this bi'l, and the o her bilU making pr vision for
the defence of the country, had been the first mea-
sures acted upon at the commenc mfnt of this se .
sion And, m his opm'on, tney relucted clean
upon the committee from which they camu   The
people in every quanei of the outitry wer'anx-
iously lookiig 10 Congress, m the h pe thu Ihey
would act promptly m reference to pudmgfhe forti-
ficat ons in a good condition We outht to be
prepared for war.
He denied the charge most emphatically that the
opponents of the present Adoaim>tration desired to
plunge the country into a war They, on the con-
tiary, desired peace, and the best wav ti piesTve
peace was to be prepared for war Had not gen-
tlemen seen what had betn going on in Cmada
for some time past? Whv, the Bri i>h had 30,000
regular --oldiers there, and had 20,000 c lor d men
in ihe Weit Indies, drilled as soldiers, and fee id"s,
she had a large number of steamer*-, m which «he
could easily transport h°r troops to any place she
chose. He then defended Mi Pickens's report,
made at the last sessirn, in respsct to the relations
between England ard the United S ates, and con
c'udedby saying he ihankod that gentleman for it
Mr. WISE addres-tdihe com  itl^e, btii mon
rf what he said was fdures ed tu ti e side of the
Hail.
He passed a high eulogium or 'he Secretar/ of
the N >vy, who, he sai <, had fuhy come up to ihe
mark in his recommend-uio is, and had never hesi-
tated tor a moment to take the full amount of re-
pone bihty wmch the umes dem?  ded. Guided by
the necessitie. of ihe country, he had given an es
lima'e for shot, shclK, small arms, pikes, powder,
sulphur, nitre, &c amounting to $1,800,009 Of
which amount he now asked only tor one-third, as
the whole would m I probably be needed wi bin
three years He inquired of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr McKay] on what authority
il was that he proposed to reduce this sum? When
heard the next time, Mr W i as saying that an
American seaman did not a*k for whiskey en going
into action, that he via? willing to give uf, but he
could not do without a good gun A good gun was
«ill he asked to meet any thing that England or
France or the world could bring against him Give
th- Navy but plenty of good ordnance and good
ammunition, and it was ready to meet any thing
that floated
Mr NISBET observed that it was sufficient icr
him that the proper officer of the Government said
on his lesponsibihty that the appropriation was ne-
cessary, and the chairman ol the Naval Cimmit-
teebioaght forwaid the bi 1 an (explained tue data
on which it was founded As ere oí iha Kepre-
seaiatives of a Sou hun Su e, he was prepartd to
vote for the bill. It has odsn bteu saio that the
pre.ent party came nit > power on premise* ot re-
iorui True, they had, but fiat reform that led ihe
de enees of the country i heap of rain, was of the
shilling-hoarding and dular-w. s rig kind He
trusted the party who h-d come m o power woal 1
manifes' a wi er economy, and wculd°ave millions
h reader by the appropna an ot thiusandbin unit.
He wished to give an exampteo at leist one
S uihein Whig who responded to ihe demand of
t e country for defence He had no idea of
leaving Navy to rot and become a reproach among
the nations Much declamation had been heard
about our power to meet any foreign foe, he wtu'd
wish gentlemen would talk leso and act more.
Look at the example of Great Britain Ever
calm, cool, and determined, she never refused or
begrudged the mesns necessary to advance her
po#erandto s-cu'e h«r nation d greaims . She
prepared with wise fores'ght the most ample re-
st urces for her naval arm
Mr N prevented a picture of what might be the
re ult, should we pursue the miserable system of
^hoit sighted saving we had hitlwrto followed, and
Great Britain should sink  a sudden blow upon
our defenceless coast, and penetrate our rivers
with her armed steamers With such a possibility
in view, gentlemen were afra d to vote meney, but
food preaching economy and rc'orm. Yes, he
was for reform—uuco a reform as should put our
navy on an efficient footing, and rescue it from d-
hpidatioa and rum. The Southern States had
hitherto been s,renuous advocafs f r economy m
the expenditures of Governmen , and very n.uural-
ly, as they paid largely of a 1 taxes levied, bat on
ihe other hand, they had need of defence there
which was different from what existed in other
quarters of the Union, there defence mast be naval
— t must be afloat—iot fixed in fortifications He
wished his constituents parucu arly to reflect on
this. What would avail the most chivaluc valor
against an enemy that came not to meet >ouin
the field, but penetrate 1 your streams and inter-
sected your who'e territory by the power of steam,
and with the improvements "m gunnery. Mr N.
was happy to see such a bill as this brought in so
early; he trusted this earnest of defence would be
followed up win equal spun Should the Go
vernmeot deem it n'cessary now at once to cillfor
the meins of building fifteen, twenty, o" twent}-
Pve steam frgates, he would show veiy qjukly
that he had the moral cou ag  to r> eet he demand,
and to despite the mi eiahle p1 a" cms vnth  mc-a
it was sought to scare him Hi> nwito should
ever be, "«-llhon^, millions f r de'eu"  " Tn*
Navy had long felt the wn hiring c (feet of G i err-
men*a! pusimony and neahct lis spir't had be-
gun to decline and its fame 10 become dim He
hoped now fir a bnghter era in íU ann?'"
Mr McKAY vine1 caied h m elf from the charge
i of having >n'rodnced party po lbcsmto the present
debate He had, rn the contrarj, treated the bill
as a question of bu in«s He had f ddressed hiii-
self to the plain common sensp of the House, and
had urged such business cons dnr<st o s as appear-
| ed to him worthv to have wei^h  with gen'lemen
on all sides The Pi sident h?d made no refer-
ence to t^is appropriation, thoogh he had to the
demand from the War Depar m nt He had said
that, if two millions were given for the navy, tre
debt would be raised from twelve millions to iour-
te<>n millions Gentlemen had profe>sed them-
selves willing to meet ihe re ponsibiLty. Very
well, he should not quarrel about tha'.
He had been astjed with a very pompous ai
whether h" was opposed to thi navj? Had he said
any thing to justify the putting to him of such a
question? He had cist no blame qn the Secie ary
for his recommendations. Mr McK's party was
not opposed to the navy, as was proved by the fact
that when it aelivered over the seab of office to the
present Administration it gave t iem (tic*" ao Urge
a number of vessels of war as had been ever at
the command of Andrew Jackson, and douole U e
number of officers.
Here sorre explanations passed between Mr.
WISE and Mr McKAY as to ihe increase of ex-
p-pditure pi "posed for the navy Mr. W was
understood to deny that it was any thing l.ke t vo
millions.
Mr McKAY had re i.ri d *o the Lome «q'adion
bill and the ordi ince bill, wh ch wtr^ both add -
tion1  to trr Screarv', a>gieg'a ■ Mr MeTC.
spike very respe«ifu'y of that effi'er, ihom !e
knew pei onellv, ard held in irueh e cem He
qioted the opinion of he Kc ;y Coiimi->«ioncrs *o
show that such ai amount ot ordnance as the bid
p ovided for was not nece^ar}, and predicted that
Government wou'd have pi nty of guns ?nd mira-
tions but no ships to os« ihem Who b°l cved that
we were to havj twenty five war s earners n tares
yars1! Besides, if war wav to come, t ei trie
$600 000 was lOosmallasim if not, it w„s too
large
Mr. FILLMORE p t «' inquiries to Mr.
Wise as to the danger of deuble applanations,
had rot some of these ma trials aiready Le n est -
mated lor in the report of the is cretary o he Trea-
sury?
Mr. WISE rcp'ied m the negative mey were
distinct appropriations
Mr. McKAY withdrew h s amend -i>, re-
serving to him^eif the ngnt 'o o Ttr it a -, in in the
House
On motion of Mr. WISE, ihe scomm tee roie,
and reported the b lis to the Hou„e
And tne question beirg en corcurnng v/i'h tha
Committee of the Whole mitspmtadmerits—
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut renewed tke
amendment nade by him in commi tee, and which
is as iol ows-
Andbeitfuithei evicted That peneior s to w lfows, and if
no widows, tothtthi uien ofofficfro seamer am' marines who
havediedinihenaval seivice of thellmieil state alieady cs
taWished,shallcontnueforiperiodoffiyeyeYr  1 j nandrftor
the30thday of June 1841 in the sime manner an tothesaaie
extent, as n the act of 1837 had not been repea at.
