m
n ■                      ni '1   'UK......uln jn nirin n r     n,i ,    ffl„)       t     "       ......
Bank should not suspend, except m esse of a war,
and he doubted whether in that case any hank
conld continúe specie payments The cdrp im
of his amendment, by wh a i the notes í £ the 81 ik
would again be made lece vable upon resumption
of specie payments, would fonnastrong inducement
to resume. He was surprised thai t!>> Senator
from Alabama, after the intimation from th?t side,
of their willingness to accede to his amt adm^nf,
should bare objected to the slight modification
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from
Kentucky had avowed that the objret of his
amendment to the amendment was to off«r an in-
ducement to resumption. Now he would put ii to
the Senator if prevention was not better than cure,
and whether it was not better, by adopting the
amendment, as originally proposed, to deter sus-
pension.
Mr. BENTON hoped we were not going to pe r-
mit this Bank to play fast and loo-e with us—to
suspend and to resume at pleasure. He considered
this Bank in four aspects
1.  As a political engine in the hands of the
Federalists for the prostration and the destruction
of the Democracy.
2.  As a moneyed engine at work in. the North
to absorb the profits of the products of the South
and the West.
3.  As a branch of the Bank of England, to col-
lect specie and ship it to Europe when it is the in-
terest of the British institution she should do so,
and
4.  As an engine which w 11 stop payment, and
compel the other banks of the eountry to do so,
wheneventis the policy or the interest of the British
Bank or the British Government, to embarrass the
business or the Government of this countrj.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the amendment to the
amendment would not prevail, as it would create
an odious distinction between this institution and
the State bank'. By the act for th~ regulation of
the deposite baaks, it was deeUred that if any of
the State banks suspended, the note:, ot suJi bank>
thereafter should not be received at the Treasury
Then why not apply that principle to this institu-
tion, which should be more rigidly held to the rt. ,
if any thing?
Mr. ALLEN was oppose'! to the amendment to
the amendment, because it recognts-d, in the body
of the charter, that this Bank may suspend pa>-
ment and still live, and subsequently íesume i s
connection with the Government at its own will
and pleasure. He thought this was, furtl er thai1
the Legislature of this country had ever gon<- be-
fore. Such a provi.ion, it< hi op mon, v as never
contained in any bank charter granted in America
The most that had btcn done was, lhat the Stale
Legislatures, after suspension* had taken place,
had passed laws r hevmg them f otn the penalty
incurred, and thus was in the nature of a pardon
He hoped this monstrous provision would not be
engrafted into the bill
The question was then taken on amending ihe
amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes 25, noes
22, as follows-
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates,Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Ciayton,
Dixon, Evans, Henderson, Huntington, K>r,
Mangum, Miller, Morehe. !, Porter, Prentiss
Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Soudiard,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—25
YEAS—Mes r>. Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthhert, Pulton,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smrgeon,
Tappan, Wa'ker, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—21
Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked if it wou'd be m
order to withdraw his amendment Ileeorsulered
it, as modified by the Senator from Kentucky, lo
be worce tnan useless, and hecould not himsd vote
font
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said it was not in o der
to withdraw it.
Mr CALHOUN -sad it could be with 'rwn
wuh the unanimous consent of the SeiRte
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then asked the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to witndraw the amend-
ment.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky obj cted. He consi-
dered it a ver/ good provision, and hoped it would
be adopte 1
Mr  BENTON was oppced to the resolution
It went to lezahze susoension in advance.   Toe
Biak ciuld sispend and resume at her pleasure.
She might resume for one hour and suspend for
five j ear*;
Mr. CALHOUN cons.dered this the most omi-
nous vote yet given by gentlemen on the opposite
^ide as to the character of this institution It re-
coem-es the suspension of paymant by the Bank,
and in his opinion was a waiver of the penaUies in-
serted m a subsequent section
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky Every thing is omi-
nsus, or a crisis with he Senator
Mr. CALHOUN. When the Senator is the
actor.
Mr. CLAY ef Kentucky said every thing was
"ominous," or "a crisis," with S*nitors on the op-
posite side; but in his opinion, this was the most
unieasonable opposinon ever heaid of. The gen
tleman says this is a waiver of the penal provisions
of the bill- in this the Senator was entirely mis-
taken.
Mr CALHOUN said it was a waiver, a? explicit
as could be, for what had been the history of all
penaltis in relation to these institutions? Had
they ever been enforced? He repeated, he con l-
dered this vote ominous as to the future character
of the Bank. The Senator says that ever  thing is
ominous with ¡gentlemen on this side Yes, Mr.
President every thing is ominous when the gentle-
man is the actor and I told the Senator in '37
that he would ride the Bank to death, as he had
the American system, and every oihei hobby
which he had ever mounted
Mr. CLAY oí Kentucky. Well I will have a
good hors<\ and a pleasant ride
Mr. NICHOLSON said that, as he d sciveied
from the inliciiions arouid htm that he should
probably have to d fT r w th his friend? on this pro
positioi, he felt bound to s tie very briefl) the
grounds on which he should vote According to
his construction of the bill, a' it came from the
committee, the notes of the Fiscal Bank would be
receivable for public dues even whilst the Bank
might be in a state of suspension, and its notes de-
preciated To th s he was utterly opposed, and he
was prepared most cheerfully to reiredy this de-
feet by adopting the amendment proposed by his
friend from Alabama, [Mr Clat ] By that
an endment the receivabihty of the no'es of the
Bank ceased whenever it suspended specie pay-
men s He would have preferred the amendment
in lhat sh^pe, but even as the proposition was
now amended, by limiting the imeeivabihly of the
notes to the period >f the continuance of a suspen-
strn, he was bound to vote for it We 'hould
still gain something—we should repudiate the idea
of receiving irredeemable Bank paper for Govern-
ment dues
Mr. N. said, he ciiscovied lhat some of his
friends supposed that ihe adopüon of ihe amend-
ment as amended would sanction the right of the
Bank to suspend—that it would be an pcknowledg-
ment of the "Xistcrce of such a npht He erter-
teriamed a very different opinion, ?nd he protected
aga n«t any such construction being placed on his
vote. He denied ihe tight of the Bank to suspend
specie payment", and he entertained the opinion
that a susoension of specie pa> men's was such a
violation of the charter as would be cause rf i s
forfeiture upen a snre facias He knew that it was
an unse tied question amongst kgai mer>, wh ther
a suspension of spece pay men's by a bank, who«e
charter imposes a pecuniary penalty for suspension
was su-1! v oiition as would be cai.se of forfei-
ture His own opinion was that upon proceed-
ings instituted in such case of violation of eha-tei
the courts ought to adjudsre the charter forfeited.
Entertaining thi. opinion he could not hesita'e as lo
his vote on the amendment He dented the exist-
ence of any right by the Bank lo suspend, and he
protested against any mfererce being drawn from
this amendment which would recognise such right
As ihe amendment now stood, whenever the Bank
suspended, that moment its notes are excluded
from the Treasury, whereases the original bill
stood, these depreciated notes would stilt be ie~
ceivable Whilst, therefore, be would have pre.
ferred the original amendment, he was oafsfied
that something was gained by the propo tion as it
now stood, and with that opinion he shoald vote
font
Mr ALLEN said he had supposed that no bill
would have been introduced into that chamber,
which would auhonze the receipt of inconvenible
bank paper in payment of dues to the Oro  eminent.
If he was right m bis supposition, then tais amend-
ment was mere surplusage and unnecessary. If
he was not, then g-ntlemen ©n the opposite side
have Hid themselves oper to the imputation of
having introduced and supported a bill with tho
power of circulating a depreciated paper cuirency
receivable in payment of tne public revenues.
But he contended that Congress had no power to
pass an act, with such a prov sion It was a vio.
lation of the resolution of 1816, which is unrep-al-
ed, and it was a violation oí that c'ausc ot the
Constitution which declares that all taxe  hall be
uniform, which was impossible, if the specie stan-
dard was departed from
Mr. WALKER said that the ayes and noes were
cilled on this resolution, and he a^ked in what po-
sition would Senators be placed, if it was voted
down? Why, that they bad voted against a pro-
position which prohibited the notes of th s BáPk
being received tor ihe public revenus>, wh le jt
was in a state of suspension. There vas no pro-
vision in the charter which prohibiten the receipt
o> such paper by the Government. He considered
this provision, therefore, as something gained, and
though it did not go as far as it should go, the bill
would be be'ter with it than without it
Mr CALHOUN said, upon tre friends and ad-
vocates of this bill would rest the responsibility of
Us defects, and those who were opposed to it could
not be called upon to vote for amendments which
would render it less defective or less odious.
There weie two alternatives presented to Senators.
If they voted for this amerdment as amended, they
recognise the right of suspension, if they v o e. g •> tnst
it, they leave the bill iu the shape m which us
friends have presemed it to us, recogni mg the r •
ceivabihty of its depreciated paper, and the &s-
nate wou'd then be called to pass upon a Bank
bill, which contains no forfeiture for a suspension
of payments He considered this by far the most
ominous vote which had been given. It not only
indicated the establishment of the paper svs'em,
but of a suspended and depreciated pap r system,
of a Bank, the subscribers to which will net be
composed of the capitalists who have money to
lend, but of needy speculators who wished to bor-
row
Mr SEVIER *aid he considered a provision
a restriction, so lar as it went, as a restric-
tion pro tanto. He was anxious to pare the claws
ard pull the teeth of this monster, which was
soon to be turned loose in his section of country,
west of the Mississippi, as well as other portion's,
and he would go ior this amendment on the
principle to get all he could, if he could not get all
he wanted
Mr NICHOLSON said, he desir'd to make
a smgle remark in reply to his fntnd from
South Carolina, [iMr. C/lhodn ] That honora-
ble Senator bad told the Senate that ' ere was a
case now pending in South Carolina in "vhtch ihe
effect of a su pension of spere pajiienl by a
oank as to its charter was involved, aTd that ih<-
mes! distmguish'd lawyers were divided on i^a
questnn That (said Mr N ) was in accordant®
with the opinion expressed by him—tnat this was
an unsettled question, but hia own omnion on rte
que'tion was made up He behaved th" a suspeq*
sion was eai.se of forfeiture.
Mr CALHOUN here remarked, does not the
Senator from Tennessee see tligi iho^e who btl eve
such suspension is not cause of iorfeitnre, or who
doubt on thp question, may regard th s amena
ment as a recognition of the ngnt to suspend
wnhout forfeiture?
Mr. NICHOLSON replied, that he could see
that such inference might be drawn, and it arote
from tne fact that such gentlemen entertained
different opinions from himself as to the effect of
