S08                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
nursing agents, under which he has made advances since the 31
day of Marchlait, out of any of the new appropriations passed
at the last «ession of Congress Also, that he state the amount
of advance  made out of the Treasury "ince the 3d day of March
last whether with 01 without su^h authority
Mr EVANS offered tbe following amfni'mpnt •
"And if advance* have been made since the 3d ol March last,
without authority from the Piesident, that he inform the ¡senate
on what authority, or rule or piaotice of the Department, such
advances have been made '
The resolution and amendment were then
adopted.
The resolution submitted by Mr. BEiarrsN some
dajs sisee, calling on the President for the reasons
for the removal of ceriam officers, and specifying
those officer*, by name, was taken up.
Mr. BENTON said ihe resolution has been sub-
mitted m consequence of a remark made by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr Mangum,] that
if the information, was asked for, it would be given.
He (Mr B ) dtd not hold that the P'esiáent was
bound to answer it It veas submitted solely on
the ground of w( at had fallen lrom the Senator
from Nurth Carols a.
Mr. MANGUM was glad of an oppoitunuy of
Correcting an error m'o \> hich the Sena or fiom
Missouri had no doubt unintentionally fallen.
What he (Mr M) d.d say, on another occasion,
■when the ri solution ot ths Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr Buchanan] w .¡> first introduced, wis-
that the information, «ben pivcn, he had no doubt
would be such as would enable the Administra-
tion to s'and justified hefore the country
Mr BENTON said the ans«er vrjs conclusive,
he should riot press the rtJ lut on.
Mr. ALLíÁ aid he ioie for the puipo'e of
making an inquiry of the Committee on Foreign
Relation, but re did not <ee the chairman of the
committee present. It was well known that, on
the que nou that so much of the Presid n '¡> mes-
sage &t related to (orei,n affairs be referred to the
committee on teat suoject, an í'iciden'al d!Sit)ssl(,n
had auirn on the IMcLcod aflair as oonnet ted wnh
the Cfioliii >. His puipose was to ascertain whe-
ther the coinm tteo would report—he did not de-
sire to know uitU, but whether they wou'd rcptrt
any Ibmr;
Mr. TALLMABGE aid he was not prepared
to answer. Tht> chairman of the committee (Mr
Rives) would be back in a few days, whei the m-
teirogatory might be respui d->d to.
Mr CLAY asked the indulgerce of the Se-
nate to take up t1. loin bill He ielt pi r naded
that gentle mm on ihe oiher side had no caspi situ n
to throw non di units or cu barra si ens U\ the
way of the injury, ami ¿tier uliat he 1i1 stated
yesterday in u Um n to its cenlmiu, he f It tor -
vinced they uonlt s   die n c s ny of some pr< mpi
action in the lull In It d,i i wei not p¡*v ( c n
at on^c, tin r w/i-ll It no It I n g \ h tt the CO' si
quenoe nujit be II wiuU i.ill the r attention o
the frea urv no c bil s, v.Inch had been pa sed gt -
nerally on fin sarm day >hey were í.ceiv1, or at
most in not ti.orc tha i a day afier The bill be-
fore them was the -uri' ¡n effect, snnp'y changing
the mode of cffecunii the same object. H- sub-
mitted, theielore, lo iho candor and liberally <f
gentkmen on the oihpr side whether it would not
be better to let the bill belure them p?ss and rel eve
the Treasury, and rcsewe their oppos tion unul
the duty hid came up, or land bill, when they
would have implo op¡ortunity to (tier tl tir
Views
Mr CALHOUN «a d he did rot know what th 
feelings o,i his side of the House m ght Ik, he.
would, hoAever, speak lor himself lie con-
sidered it the commencement of a system of
a funded debt—a system so odious to his
views tha le s¡¡„Uid feel it his duty to
oppose it as ii anft lly and e^erget cnlly as any
of the otntr me?sjres that had b'en brought lu--
ward dui ng this e\ ra sesión He irus'ed thiy
might be pi ra it e 1 to go < n and Cntsn oae thing at
a time lie E nil bt 1 was before them, they
were prepared fct tha, ana he did not wish to
bleak ¡he eh^n by eonmencirig the di ca son of
anoih"r ur^c' Ther* were very few measure.
to bt brought |0r l?rcj at t Is 6(?s ]( n ( f moie im-
portance, aid cdl,--;; for more d scussi n and op-
position, than tins proposition, if it it, brought up
tn this hasty manner, he must regard it ai the most
dangerous of all the Senator's m asares, and he
should, therefore, oppose jt with a'l h s rn'ght He
did hope the Senatii wcuid -ee ¡he imprtpn- ty of
ihis proceeding, ard allow the Bank bill to go tu,
that the amendments might be comp'eted this
week, and the vote taken on Monday. What rea-
son could there be so urgent that this loan bill
might not be laid over till then?
Mr. CLAY. For no other reason, sir, bat that
if we dtn't the wheels of Government must stop.
I tell ycu, sir, we must pass this bill, and that this
week.
Mr. WRIGHT was willing t> extend to the
majority the same aid as had been given by them
to bis friend i when in power, for supplying the
wants of Governrrenl, by the Treasury note bills.
But he comead d tt at this bill was not of the < arse
character—not to supply the temporary wants of
Goverrnunt but to furnish mews which would
rende t i  possible to dispose of one ent re branch ol
the public revenue, In thutse" e, ard that alone,
he should t ppose the bill. It would be desnabjc
to get through with the bill under consideraron
before another was taken up, which it anpearcd
to htm might be done, and the loan bill postponed
thieeorfour days, considering the amount stated
by the S 'cator to bt in the Treasury, and the ac
crungreveiue
Mr CLAY said the spirit of the Senator was
creditable to him, and s'milar to that by which he
was usually actuated. Bu' he was meonect in his
a-scrnon, and the des ga of this bill was not to
provide lor the distribution of ihe proceeds of the
lands. If ¡he land bill was parsed, it would not
take effect till rextyear, and with the noney dp-
rived fiom the lint's, ib s hill was sul! ncitssary.
Ii was ihe duty billwhchS >at rs could oppose
on this ground, and not  the loan b I!
He re eried to the length of time consumed seve
rally m the passage oí the various Treasury note
bills, from lolS tu 1&41, none ol uhith exceekd
one day after ttitir report frt m the committeee to
the & na e, an! most of which wpre passed the
same day Tie effect of this bill w?s precsely
the same, to supply the wants of the Treasury, and
he had thought that Senators would waive any ob-
rction to this bill, and reserve them foi the duty or
land bills
Mr CALHOUN sttl  tiere  va   a great diffe-
rence bel* en > Tna> ly not.   bill ft i a t< mpo
r?iy 'out  n  ant cipiti m  of the eurient   evetiue
for tho cis-barge (f ob yotirns tlu",  ird íkan
bi 1 to fund a debt foi     period  of jeir.aidnot
b'Ssd   upon rmient revenue or labilities  due
Il'trc was a gr at ¡"lfierencc bet vern a temporary
1 a i, bas'd epo i Treasury  noli s,  for four tr five
i  inn urn , redi einable at pieauire, and a ner.vnent
i  i'd'  tt t   tlve imPi i s      Or ttf r mis s ofico-
i  nomy and  letrcuchmnu h.d   bctn made      Ata
a  tun    mat lh« y  a e calltd fo-, is t' l-, th   tvn   lo
I  elect the t lijeci'    Ca i ecoro -j an 1 retreuehment
be elite td by buiiowing   (we've 'mili ns because
lour < r five m«y be  wanted?    Which is ittieich-
ment or e„rnony nitre  likely  to  be effected by,
having nothing to spare m the Treasury oi bv
having  a  supply  mtre  than   required and  bor-
rowed as a peiraanent debt, at the rate of five mil-
lions annnilly?
Mr HUNTINGTON -~ru\ the position of the
Senator (rom S ni n Carolina w„s most extraordi-
raiy The ( hurma i ui the Coirmi' te on Fi-
nincbdtt ti'd tl pm t! at, f,om nforuiati«n re-
ceived < t in- Treasury, th'y hid not moie tnan a
lor nuhi' ¡urnls an4 yet tne geatlencn opposed
thcroiividcHiioi oí it W>y \ias it? Was not
the Senator preps ed to d^cuss it, from want of
infoimUiOn ouitf No, he was ab e at all times to
exnresa his cpu j. m on th" c subjects ana give the
reasons
M"-. ALLEN, m re'erence to the proposition to
make i speedy disposition of this ban bill, «-aid it
was «cre'dlly oí ques íors of the mo t object.ona
b'e kind that the other side urgf d the necessity of
hnste and the nostpj-ement of d-bate To obtain
menev b/ loan is ?1\ ays an «■Ho-' peeddy made,
and ve"dily aceompn-bed, t.n 1 fthen thai lo¿n i
i .'endsd to be twelve mill.ors, b,'sed on taxation,
the effort for speedy acucn must be great in pro
portion to the m?gnuude and difficulty of  ths ob-
ject. Every one is aware that the taxing power of
Government is the greatest power it ha=. Bat it is
not a power  that rs popular,  if directly applied.
The Government therefore is cow in favor of
lean b li , because such an mdirret mo'e er taxa
tion is l ss odious than any other. No.v,if that
was the avowed reason for this bill, and it was
limited to the immediate exigencies of the Treasury,
very probably it would meet no opposition But
whit is the real character of the measure? It is not
pretended that twelve millions are wanted for the
immedia'e exigencies cf the Treasury, or that a
portion—for that required by the Treasury can be
but small—is wanted for national defence. It is
net alone for exisencies growing out of appropria-
tions already made, but for a fund upon winch ap>
proprtations to be made for any puipose may be
ba=ed. Once the fund is provided, all kinds of ap-
propriations wh'ch it can cover, are to made ac-
cording to tbe whim of any member of the Admi-
nistration. This will be done under the plausible
pretence that it w for the welfare of the country,
but in reality it is for a very different purpose.
He would read the bill it'elf [Here Mr. Allen
was proceeding to read the bill, when,]
Mr. BAYARD rose to a question of order. He
said on the motion before the Senate it was not
in order for the Senator to go into the merits of
the measure
The CHAIR ssid the que 'ion befoie the Senate
was, whether the regular business, under the rule,
which would be the unfinished business, should be
postponed, for the parpóse of allowing the loan bill
to be taken up.
Mr, ALLEN contended that 1 e had a right to
repl/ to the arguments urged for tokin  up the. bill,
with a view of showing that tío e a guments were
not tenable, and that the rega ar busing orgbt
not to be postponed to give it piece lence. If it
was in ord r for the Senator irom Kentucky to
maka bis arguments in favoi of his motion, it was
equally in order to answer those arguments Mr.
Allen then proceeded, without further objection,
to show that the manifest object of the bi 1 was to
ob'am an additional control'iig power for paity
purposes
Mr. CLAY said that without waslmg more time
h" would move to postpone the ordar of the day,
and take up ihe loan bill and would call for Ihe
yeas and nays.
Mr KING said thatfe°lin  always dsp^cd to
act < i, the , men e L at ti>e real exig i c of Go-
vernment shtuld be prompily piovided for, he
>vas disposed to make this proposition to the
chairma i of the Comm ttee on Finar ce, th t if he
would restrict his loan bill 'o 'he ti ete amount ne-
cessary to rmet the demands tr the "ires 'jry
above its accmng means for a fixed per.od within
the propei contempla ion of this session, lie would
undertake to «ay that none of his friends would
stind on thí mete form by which it was to be done
The resposibility of that necessuy would of course
remain with the Administration. He had but one
view on Ibis, subject, and that fas the propriety of
keeping the faith of the Government for obligations
already incurred, and he cared not, for his own
part, whether tho provision was to be made by a
loan bill or a Treasury note bill, so as the amount
wa's confined to tne exigencies of the Treasury
alene. He would give his most strenuous oppesi
tion to fny measure calculated to raise taxation,
oi to any bill of ihn kmd inter d d to re-sch be
yend tbe immediate dpmands on the Govern-
ment If however, m contempt of the mam es-
ta ions already made, and the concess ons ncv
cffeitd, he Senator and his friends ii the Aomim-
stration were determined to res,ort to any system
ol tax won, directly or mdirecti), to oany out their
measures, they would find tint their days are num-
beied
He would report his proposition. it was to take
up the bill w.th a view of adapting it to the mere
exigenc es of the Treasury, for which purpose he
would demand that the neces«ary i-me will be al-
lowed lor making such amendments as will be ne-
cessary to toofife u io tha' object
Mr CLAY said he cou se of the Senator from
Alabama was frank and liberal, and such as he
should have expected.    It had been said on the
