CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ti
* vw
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION,.
27th Cojíg.........1st Sess.
THURSDAY, JULY 22,  1841.
Volume IO—.No-. f«#.
Continued from No. 13.
other side that the Senate was taken by surprise
This really was not the case He had yesterday
morning, before going into Executive session,
that he would move to take up the loan bill as
soon as the Senate would resume No opportuni-
ty occurred till this morning
Mr CALHOUN wished to know if he was
correct m his understanding that the Senator from
Kentucky accepted the proposition of the Senior
from Alabama, that the bill wa* to oe taken up en
the condition that the amount of loan should be re-
stricted to the immediate exigences of the Treas vy ?
Mr CLAY said he would ask the Senator from
South Carolina, asa man oí candor an i truth, if
he really un"c- tool, from any ihing he (Mr
Clay) had said in repl> to the Senator from AU-
bf ma, that he hid accep ed a proposition to cut
down the amount of the loan one half2
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator had no ngnt
to put a question to him ip that torm He had
said nothing to authorize it, h<* had me ely asked if
he was correct m his understanding ot the terms
on which consent was given fcr taking up the bill
Mr CLAY I have the flo r, *ir, and have not
yielded it. Would any one on either side of is
House say it was his understanding that he ha i
accepted the propo >t on on i ,-u condition, wou d
the Sena'or from Alabama—
Mr KING said his proposition was to take up
the bill and amend it so as to limit the amount to
the exigencies only of the Treasury.
Mr CLAY expiated lb U the bill, as ¡. odified
by the other House, womdmake the lea  very i tie
in effect different from th-u of out Aiding Tiea
sury notes Ins ead of a def<*>red p r oh of eisht
year , thiee tears woulü be -> tcrmoflcar Trc
loan bill wt uld m f ct, be lo<s obieetioiidb'e than
the Treasury n< *e system, because the power of
raising m iiev by loan v a  express in the C^nsa-
tution, but o'-jection were entertained by some as
to the consti ut onalu/ of Trea ury notes The
difficulty is avoided—the end is the same—the oaiy
difference is as to tne shape of the loan When
a'lowed to explain the bill, he would «how the exi-
gency for a twelv   mill, in kan
Mr CALHOUN said he f It it necessary to say
a few words in rela"on to the question put to him
by the Senator from Kentucky
The Senator rom Alabama had made a propo-
sition to take up the loan bill, and modify it so as
to extend only "to the exiaenciea oí the Treasury
The Senator fiom Kentucky complimented the Se-
nator from Alabama for ns course The bill was
aboat to be taken up, when, to avoid all misundpr-
standing, he [Mr. Calhoun] rose and inquired oí
the Senator from Kentucky if ne w?s corrccv in un-
derstanding that he aceej ea the prooosit on He
did not say he had, he merely ask d ¡i he ha'. r! ne
Senator, in a manner unauthorized by tin" question,
put it (Mr Calhoun) to hs candor ard truth n
say, did he really understand him to bav so ac-
cepted the proposition. He would tell mat Sera
tor that he was at all tim s p<-epar< o t > r-ui hi* can
dor and tru'h to the tes' vi h i ¡at of the Senator
Was there not eve y reison it- ecu thM tne
real object of this loan b il wi fo. the present
exigencies ot the Goveri men , wre-n  t was w 11
known trora the Treasuij itporl, 0.111 t>>e exp *•■-
tion of it htre, that ' eteciu'1 b* 1 0 ex genci-s to
any such fmoum' Dm tb^ Se íaic foij;e!, 11a
coupled wuh th s rotasmi* was lis propcsn 11 0
raise the taxe  on imported ar ci^s, exc ft one or
two, to twen'y per tent 1 And are ibes- the oily
causes of suspi ion? J jet any manrrad h  repoit
of the Secretary on the Treasmv, and th-n lai ¡>¡s
hand on his heart and say theie arc no ;roanJ« of
suspicion as to /bat is conte-npiaief by 1I115 1' in
The offic al orga4 of the Admin s rafon  stei 'ay
was evidently at grea' pains to make ou a lar, "
deficit The very at'empt made to prove a larg 
deficit, disclosed the design and connection wuh
this hasty legislation to raise aToan of twelve m I
lions.   He regretted that  the Senator from Ala-
bama had allowed t < pioposition to have any c^a
nection with an assumption of deficit
Could he [Mr Calhoun] with any truth or just-
ice, be accused of any unfair intention m warning
the Senate against being led into a measure which
he regarded as an attempt to lay the foundation for
establishing a system of permanent loans that must
lead to evi s incalculable, and to such a monstrous
accumulation of power as cannot butendanger the
institutions 0  thecopntr>?
CompUints have been made against 'he Senators
on th s side io opposing this loan bill, as if they
were, m d^ng si, merely denying the necessary
supplies lor he Treasury. Hadthej no right to
res st a ¡o n, dire" times larger than necessary,
and therefore 1 rre ttian suspic ous? If he had to
itand alone,he wou'd never consent to vote for any
tupplv to the Treasury wi hout knowing the spe-
cific object and cop fining it to that alone Lei the
gentlemen cc 10m ze fir t, and when they "have re-
trenched as far as pos ,ble, and can ^how that they
have not got up this schema for mere humbug,
t^en, if t^ey cm make it appetr tha' there will be
a ('oficit, and na they are not themselves bound to
suoply it „.-, they i idQc it, it will be time em ugh, if
they are appose', to complain
The d° a e <s umber cintmued ov Mtssrs
BENTON, WALKDR, CLAY, SEVIER, AL-
LEN, WOODBURY, and TAPPAN , at A, at tne
request oí Mr I'A.PPA'V, 'he ell fi r the >eas and
nays being vnih ua«.n, >'ie bill was 'aken up
THE LOAN BILL
The bill froi) Hous^ au'hinzing a loan of twelve
mi lions of d 11 nbi>o¿ taken up—
Mr CL^Y a ■• ->s tb" "< n ntion o iheTreasury
Lad alna j bcei 111 'y diserss d in the Senate, it
wis not rie^essvy o "ceupy the time of ti e Senate
ti any aren ex en , in the expose of our financial
situaiion, **>irh h1 was abiut to submit The
outstanding appropriations amounted to aoout
§33 500 000 Th" ?ppropriauoni for the current
year tere   b m §24 210,000     Leaving a balance
0   outstandii 2 approfii!"t 0 ■ , at the end of the
year, of $9 290,000. Theie were certain auditori-
al appropriations recommended by the War De-
partment for puittng ih^ country m ,1 state of de-
fence, to the amount of two ana a half millions,
which, added to ih $24 410,000, would make near-
ly $27,000 00O Th  Secretary had omitted—and
bo-v he came 1 omit it he did not know—one and a
Dalfmilhoi-><i m'ne Navy Department, which,
added to whit was p-umded above, would make
abo it #28 200,000 But atct rding to the Secreta-
ry s s a erne <, ihewai'soi th° >ear were $26,-
731,000, and tt-e n. -ns of the }ear, which he (Mr.
Clay) «ouid not ixamme in detail, as all Sena'ors
had the dorumrnts ef^re th m, in winch the infor-
mo ion was c intaine ', were $20 730,000, (of whidi
abou five pic , -ilf «ri'lioris were in Tieasury
ntte  ) \\         w         I vea balance oi six Bul-
lions of o i? Th w no c amount oí Treasuiy
v. )tes au hon/ I be 1 sup 1 are now tu,«uh
the «Mtceptun 1 Vio t $110 000 1 large amount
ofthFTnasur.n es vcu d fall du- 110 lai er pT
of this or me ocg " ingofr xtje^r, a 1 to redepm
ihm, the Sceav nal suoios^d sx m lions
\   uld le rece o  iy      ina m^deasum of twelve
1    1 iii,", 1 jih ís ' e mi nn< of n  loan bill
T' S trca j 8 oi e a . addi íonai sum ot 'bur
million'? as a re er elund Bat the cro-mtt e of
tne House, -iid ' t Hoi p it elf, irs'eal ot giving
tnit, hid n t e erv<d a«n e do'lar An 1 ->vn=-
dielo nt in* «iiui rt wl re millions o* dol-
ía s, na* nuc ■* aiy o ¡r-<.tt ih= wan s of he pru eut
>car, w t1 c l**,nr" a n 1j fit 0 >-eserie
fu. d m the Tre sd, , px'-'ud nz th  on<> an I a .ialf
m ion o< d 1 irs ,en jir" 1 for ie Navj D part
«ent tnewi t*. if'n" Tceasa v we e twelve mil-
Ions; ¡inj t1) s exclude J  all Kserve fan„o    Tnat
was me gt0[     o-y's   view
H^ woul' pre ent another s'-ort ti-w, shich v as
taken chiefly from documents m "be Treasury
In th's, the amourt n quired for t^e current ser-
vice of die >ear, wa ,                       §24,000,000
For the War department,
For the Homa Squadron,
For ordnance, &c.
For a reserve fund,
Making the total amount,
3,600. m
1S9MQ
971,313
2,00(0,000
P0,860,3j3
The actual and estimated means were f2O,7#0,-
395, leaving a deficiency of nine and a half mil-
lions dollars Adding to this, ten millions of Tre**-
sury notes which, according to the above stfttej
ment, would probably fall due this year, made tie
total wants of the Government, including the re-
demption oí Treasury notes, nineteen and a half
millions dollars Taking the two and a half mil-
ions proposed by the Secretary for fortifications,
and the two millions for a reserve fund, from this
deficit, it would still leave fourteen and a half mil-
lions required, or two and a half millions beyond
the proposed loan.
As to the plan of the bill, it was not a loan to
be taken up immediately for the whole twelve mil-
lions The languagg of the bill was precisely kjfce
that of the Treasury Note bill—authorizing the
President to borrow not beyond the amount required
by the exigencies of the Government. What
would be the operation of the bill? The Secretary
had told them that during the quarter beginning
with the 1st June, there would be a deficit of five
millions The Secretary would immediately eon.-
tract a loan 1 f two, three, or four millions, accord-
ing to the wnts of the Treasury Was there any
impropriety in vesting such discretion with him?
They had given to the President power, in one
case, to borrow ten millions dollars, and call out
fi'ty thousand men for the defence of the country;
^nd he askc 1 if it was exp ctmg too much of ho-
norable Senators,, even on the o her side, to repose
so much cjtifiderce in the Administration as to
•■as  a bill vesting the powir to contract a loan not
eyond twelve millions, to meet the wants of Go-
vernment?
Although he did not accord m the sentiment at-
tributed to one of car great men now no more,
t ¡at a public debt was a public blessing, and be-
lieved that all debt, public and  private, should be
avoided, s et m some cases it could not be aval 'ed,
and m extreme cases, such as war for  instance, h«
thought posterity would have no just ground of
complaint    should   a   portion of  the burden be
devolved upon them. What had posterity done for
u*, he would ask, in the language of a British states-
m .n, on the contrary, what have we not done for
posterity? We bequeath to them a great and glorious
country,  w!o,e institutions are the pride and the
wonder >f 10 tukmd     If it was proper, in connec-
tion with tins  ubject to allude to the affairs of pri-
va e  muf-idual*., he would say that neither his
hi c nor hiins-lf had contracted a debt, even in   a
st re, for the last twenty years    If we have wants,
and ha*-e the money mourpockets, we supply them;
if we havi no the money, we repress them.   TJjlf
was his own couise, but in tiis young and growing
counny, a  lew millions  of dollars of debt would
noibenoiicel     He  was one of those who had
actively pan «pated m ihe measures preceding the
('eclaration a i-r aga nst Great Britain; and he
hanked Go i he hal lived to see the debt incurred
m u,e pmv 1 it'ion of thit var, amounting to above
o i" hundied millions of dollars, entirely discharged,
wunout being felt by the people.   By this bill no
permanent deot was cieated, it was more tempora-
*->  i'ian the debt occasioned by Treasury note-,.
1' ¡at was was a debt of four years, and this would
be but of "^ree  years.   It was not attempted to
hrow th s d btoffto another Administration; but to
liquidate it   and leave no debt for the next Admi-
11 ration, ¿ though th"  present   Administration
lal found 3 debt ou coming in u power.    He
ruste! men, that taking all these considerations
ito view, the measure woull be found ofsueri a
haracter *> to commend itself to the favorable
c nstderaiion   of gentlemen on all sides, of %
House.
