power to reissue,'except in the case of the notes
which were received m payments for revenue.
Mr. BUCHANAN.   That's what I mean.
Mr, WRIGHT.   Are they not redeemed?
Mr. EVANS said it was not redemption in a
technical sense. There were two modes of redemp-
tion—redeeming them when they were due in coin,
and receiving them in payment of customs. The
latter was not a redemption m its technical sense,
and under the law of 1840, the Secretary had tbe
power to reissue them. Under this Administration
he hoped and expected that none of them would be
reissued. There never could be more than five
millions outstanding.
Mr. WRIGHT. Did not the Senator say this
morning there were ten?
Mr. BUCHANAN was glad to find that the Se-
nator from Mame and himself agreed on this sub-
ject. He sever imagined that when a Treasury
note was paid off that it could be reissued.
Mr. WOODBURY s<ud the Senators were both
in error. It had been the practice, under the law
of 1840, to reimburse such notes as in the wed 
of the act "might be redeemed."
Mr. EVANS asked if those which had been re-
deemed were reissued?
Mr. WOODBURY said they were, if redeemed
before they fell due.
Mr. BUCHANAN coniinued. His impression
on this matter agreed with that of the Senator from
Maine—that the Secretary had no power to reissue
the Treasury notes which had been redeemed.
Now what was the bill before us? It wa? an au-
thority to borrow twelve million^ of dol'ars, and in
addition to this amount, which is shown to be twice
as mucrTas is necessary, thereis a power to reissue
Treasury notes to the amount of six or seven mil
lions more. Wa* that the intention of Senators'!
Would they not, if they were now drawing up the
bill, prohibit n? And when the mis ake is disco
vered, will they, on the plea ol urgency, torce the
bill through, without correcting a? He considtn-d
the discretion proposed to be ves'ed in the Execu-
tive, as of a most dangerous character, a> he had
ho doubt if the Bank bill passed, every dollar of
these Treasury notes would be paid in—the 5 per
cent, loan running for fifteen years, would be the
favorite siock, and capitalists would make their
investments m it.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky opposed the amend-
ment, on the ground that it implied a want of ho-
nor and bad faith on the part of the President or
the Secretary of the Treasury. But again, if the
amendment were adopted, before the loan could be
effected, Treasury notes might be poured in, and
having «o means to redeem them, the wheels of
Government would be stopped; and this, though he
was sure it was not intended, would be the effect
of the Senator's amendment. At last it comes to
this: confidence or no confidence. We have con-
fidence in the Administration, the Senators on the
other «tde have none. Then let them make their
propositions, and let us vote them down
Mr. BUCHANAN was sorry that the Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer manifested so much excita-
bility.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. Not at all; not at
all. I wish I had a more lady-like manner of ex-
pressing myself.
Mr. BUCHANAN. I am afraid the Senator
will lose the proper intonation of his voice if he
pitches it on so high a key.
Mr. CLAY. Not unlikely, as you put my voice
so often in requisition.
Mr. BUCHANAN conttnued. This question
was not to be carried in a whirlwind, but to be
di cussed in a calm and quiet manner. The Sena-
tor says that gentlemen manifest a want of con-
fidence. Was that a principle on which they were
to discharge their constitutional duties m regard to
the public money? As a Senator o< a sovereign
State he placed confidence in no Executive The
doctrine was exploded, and if it ever obtained m
this country, our downward course would soon
commence. The question is whether Congress
will confer a great and important legislative dis-
cretion upon the Secretary of the Treasury,which, in
bis opinion, Congress should retain in its own hands,
%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and he would givd no vote with more pleasure than
one against doing so.
Mr. CLAY (in mellifluous tones) said he would
modulate his voice to suit the delicate ear of the
Senatoi from Pennsylvania. The Senator says he
has no confidence, he would place no confidence
in the Executive—that confidence was an un-
parliamentary word. Why, the old adage
tells us there's honor among thieves, and
there is no association of men but what
place confidence m each other. The true
principle of liberty was to limit and control, but
still connde. Did not the Senator vote for every
bill to i^sue Treasury notes? That showed some
little confidence in the Executive. Did he not vote
for the power of the President to borrow ten mil-
lions of dollars, and to raise forty thousand men,
under certain contingencies? That showed some
confidence m the discretion of the Executive.
What was the objection to investing the present
Executive with some small portion ot suthority
and confidence? He (Mr. Clay) had never said
that the Secretary should reissue notes paid for
and redeemed, on the contrary, if such a course
should be pursued by the Secretary, he should
deem him worthy of impeachment.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was very glad that
he made the remark on the Senator's manner, as all
would admit that it was greatly improved—being
much more didactic, and rmch more financial,
and this was a proof that a poor critic ■"ould
sometimes improve a grpat author. But oh ' for
the glowing strains of eloquence with which the
Senator from Kentucky had, but a s'iort lime
*mce, denounced faith m the Executive, and
which hid warmsd even his cold blood,
but now there 'S a change in his opinion upon this
subiect, and he could not consratulate him upon it,
«hen his own fnends have got the power, and wp
are to'd there is honor among thieves—certainly not
mtendins to ¡tpply it to Ms own friends.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky. It is not appl cable
to die other side.
After some remirks from Mr. BAYARD as to
the provisions of the various laws authorizing the
issue of Trepsury note<—
Mr. KING said he was glad that the Senator
from D'lawarehad directed the attention of the
Senate to these various- laws, as it bad greatly
strengthened the argument in favor of the amend-
ment. Though the Secretary could not reissue the
old notes, he could issue new ones m the place of
them, and ihis renders the amendment highly im-
portant Senators asserted that twelve millions
was all tbey wanted, and yet it was mdisputab'e
the bill authorized six millions more, and ¡he pro-
position to take away this authority is strenuously
resisted. If yon want more money, say so.
Instead of 19, say we want 18 or 20 millions, and
let the countiy know it. He hoped that Senators,
m their great anxiety to pass tne bill, will consider
what they &re doing, and not be guilty of legisla-
tion which they may hereafter revolt a'. Why do
not Senators say at once, "we want as much mo-
ney as we can get, and in such a way as not to let
the people know where it comes from, and how it
is to be expended."
Mr. WRIGHT said he wished to modify the
amendment so as to cover the cas  m any count,
so that it should not be lawful for Congress to re
is^ue Treasury notes, no matter how redeemed at
fhe Treasury. He did not wish a technical vote to
be taken. It mattered little m what light the Mint-
ing law was viewed, the question was to limit the
expenditure.
Mr. CLAY hoped the Senator would be accom-
modated.
Mr. WRIGHT then, by general consent, modi-
fied the amendment so as to read:
"And tie it fmthtn enacted, Tha* it--hall not be lawful foi
tllP SecietaT of the Treasury, after the passage of Uin act, to
lei^sue anvTieamiy note received at the Trea^uiy m payment
ol any public debts, nor to reissueany such Tiea^mv note paid
or redeemed by him in an} othei mannei, nor to issue any other
naes m the place of those su paid and received
Mr. WRIGHT said ¡he object of the amend-
ment was single and simple. What he wanted was
that when the power to create a loan of twelve
millions was conferred on the Executive, the power
to reissue Treasury notes should cease.   Mr. W.
228
referred to the law authorizing the issuing of Trea-
sury notes, ana the practice of the Department un-
der it, which was as follows: In> *he early part of
the year the means of the Treasury are short, and
the Secretary issues a large quantity of Treasury
notes In the middle of the year, the Secretary
finds himself in the possession of five or six mil-
lions in cash, and he gives notice to fhe holders of
these notes, say the Bank of Commerce, or the
Bauk of America, you hold five or six hundred
thousand dollars in Treasury notes, and I give you
notice that in sixty days I will redeem them. He
does so, and the notes are redeemed. Towards the
close of the year the Secretary again feels himself
straitened for means, and notes are issued in place
of those redeemed as above, and these notes run
the full amount of the original time on their
face—to wit, one year from the time they
are re-issued. And now what sort of a
discretion we are asked to confer? He would take
the statement of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Evans ] He says there are ten millions of Trea-
sury notes outstanding. If they are redeemed be-
fore ¡heir date, or received tor duties one day be-
fore they are due, every dollar of them may be re-
issued, and they may run fhe whole length of their
original date. And what was the argument of the
Senator fiom Kentucky, when he calls upon us to
vote to the amount of six millions beyond what
we suppose .he even asked us for? Why, that to
refuse it, would evince a suspicion of the honor of
the President or the Secretary of the Treasury.
He (Mr. W.) had usually great pleasure in lis-
tening to the Senator, and admired the ability with
which he sustained him'elf, and he had writhed
under the severity of his denunciations against the
implicit faith in the Executive which he attributed
to the friend; of a former Administration. He
could not rejotcp at the cathol c change of
sentiment m the Senator on this subject. But
m the days of our greatest devotion to ¡he
Executive, we never taxed our faith to the extent
now proposed, or a°ked our opponents to yield
their hone.¡t convictions to a generous confidence in
the probuyof the Executive.
Mr. W. said if Senators supposed the Opposi-
tion to be actuated by a mere wish to procrastinate,
they did them wrong Yesterday they had tried
to prevent the money to be raised by this bill
from being applied to the purposes of distribution;
and after occupying nearly the whole day in the dis-
cussion, they failed. To-day we have tried to limit
the amount to what we believe, and what we are
justified in believing by ¡he official da'a, and the
statements of Senators themselves, to be the actual
wants of the Treasury, and in this we have
also failed. And now, at the last moment, we
have detee'ed, through the vgilance of the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] a power
by which the Secretary of the Treasury can
go far beyond what we had thought the already
unnecessarily large sum provided for in this bill,
and ¡his duplicate power is now avowed and de-
fended, net, as Senators say,that they will both be ex-
ercised at once, but to prohibit the exercise of either
would be to impugn the honor and good laith of
the Executive We are called net only to vete
the amount of loan which is nominally to redeem
these notes, but to allow the reissue of them; to
permit them to borrow money under either, or un-
der both. When did we ever ask of honorable
Senators on the other side such confidence Never.
And when tbey ask it of us, we tell them it is un-
reasonable, and will not be granted.
Mr. BERRIEN contended lhat the passage of
this bill would repeal the Treasury note bills; and
that the power of reissue could not be exercised
afler a fund had been applied for the redemption of
¡he notes.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
1 it was negatived—ayes 19, noes 25, as followi:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ba-
yard, Berrien, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson,   Huntington, Ker 
