CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,mt
no oiher view than that ef engrafting on the bill
what I regard as a valuable princip'e.
I assure gentlemen that I have no idea, by this
amendment, of conceding the question as to the
right of the States to tax the Bank, even if the
amendment should not be adopted. But for the
decision of ihe Supreme Court, which has been re-
ferred to, I should have deemed this amendment
entirely unnecessary. On account of that decision,
however, ihe sovereign right of a State to lax the
capital of the United S'ates Bank has been brought
into doubt. I desire to remove that doubt, or at
least to assert the principle that taxation is an attri-
bute of so /ereignty belonging to the States, which
may be exercised by them in reference to the capi-
tal stock of this Bauk as well as thetr own banking
institutions
There is howevei an additional reason operating
upon my mind in favor of this, amendment, bejond
any that has yet been stated. In many of the
States &e taxing power is now applied to their
banking institutions. From this source latge
amounts of revenue are annually collected If
this Bank is permitted to sent her capital stock in
to the States, the operation must be to curtail the
banking facilities in the State* The branches of
the Fiscal Bank will come into direct competition
with the Slate Banks, and on account of its greater
powers and privileges, must curtail not only the
banking operations of ihe State institutions, but
diminish their banking capital. To the extent that
the Fiscal Bank produces this effect, it will dimi-
nish the revenue ot those States. The necessity
will be at once c eat dot reporting to further taxa-
tion to supply the defie ency pr duced by the in-
troduction of the Fiscal Bank capital into the
States.
I think, Mr. Pres.dent, that the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] supposes au exireme case
when he tells us that some of the States may
ch®o«e to tax their own banking mstituti in to death
in order to destroy th' Fiscal Bank. Such an oc-
currence is hardly with.) iho range of possibility,
surely it is not all probable. Whatever hostili'y
some of the States may fiel toward , this new
Bank, I cannot for a moment believe that they
will ever gratify that feeling by voluntarily in-
volving their own banking institutions in ruin I
regard the provisions of ihe amendment as fur-
nishing the most ample guarantee to the Fiscal
Bank, upon which its tnends may repose with con-
fidence.
Nor do I think, Mr. President, that the Se-
nator from Connecicut [Mr. Huntington]
has stated the question presented by tnis
amendment fairly. He says it is a question
whether we will concede to the States a light by
which they can destroy the Bank. So far is this
from bemg the trup question, that in fact, it is a
limitatji n upon that right which we maintain the
States hive by vutue of their sovereignty lo tax
the Fiscal B-mk to any ex ent. Tne true question
is.'shall the Fiscal Bank in addition to .11 its o her
privileges, have thai also of using its capital in tne
S.ate.% without being subjected to the same ru'c
and impositions as to taxes with the State bank->.
Is it right that a branch of the Fiscal Bmk shall be
located in a State with a capital of one million of
dollars, wh>ch capittl srall be exempt trom taxa-
tion whilst, the St^tel as a Batik wi>h the same capi-
tal, situated by its s'de, which pay-* a tax to the
State! That is the n-al question, and every princi-
ple of justice and policy ansvers, that both banks
should be subject to the same State taxation, and
carry on their operations upon the «me footing
The Senator from Arkansas [V!r Sí-vier] is
right when ne telN the Senate that the adoption of
this amendment till go f?r towards securing re-
post to this Bank Sir, I will venture to tell gen-
tlemen that the very inaance which I have pre-
sented of a branch of th s Bank, situated alongside
of a State bank, the on^ paying a tax to the Sta'e,
and the other paying none, will of itself be suffi-
cient to excite the j a!uusie of the ].eopl  This
Bank cannoi iepo e quietly m the States with such
privileges, and when the ques'ion of repeal shall
be made before the country, gentlemen will find
this very print pie of exemption from taxation
playing an important part m that contest.   But,
sir, I did not propose th s amendment wnh a view
of getting up a di<cusston. The object of the pro-
position is plam, and its policy fair and j'ust
Mr. YOUNG said, unless you could tax the
institution itself, that was the only way you could
reach it. You could not reach the stockholders,
for most ot them were non residents. With re
gard to the equity of this, theie could be no q«'ts
uon, but it might b3 said that th* United Slates
owned much u the stock But by reft rnng to t1 e
Dartmouth College case, he contended that it made
no difference. The only restriction ought to be
(bat you shall tax them no higher than State
banks.
The yeas and nays, were taken on t' e amend-
ment and decidtd as follows:
YEAS—%iessrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Mouton, N chol-on. Pierce, Sevier,
Smith of Onuec icut, Sturgeon, Tapnan, Walker,
William , Wo jdbuty, Wright, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs Arthfr, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Bern-n, C ay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, távans,
Graham, Hendei'on, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Moiehead, Phelps, Porter, Prcn-
tis^, Preaun, Sunmojs, Smuh of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallmadg-, White, and Wo idbndge—27
Mr. WALKEU then move 1 an ..mendment, to
tne effect tha* bus nrss of tne bmk shouid be cm-
fined to buji ig and selling bibs of exchange not
having mor^ t'-m 180 da>s 'o ran
Mr WALKER belitv d ihsu i .¿ whole capital
couid be u ed -> a bank of exchange, and more pro-
fitabt/ than n ued ¿count or ncies In all ita dis-
counts u leeeived «ix percnt mteie-t. Tbr ques-
t on lva^, whrih r tr-e Bank could not pu> out and
krep out the am unt ( f bills authorized, and do the
buMfiessof eahan"e mo'e pro itab'y than by dia
count ng not- Fi r T" pr >cf thib, heckled at.
'en ion to a Rp">rt ui„ ) ac rnmitiee of 1834
T. cseieuin u« n onsi a d h-uthis Bankwou'd find
that, b) coi fin ng il< it to .e harness of foaign
ard i/jmf*iic ex Jang-, it c ml i have an amo nt
equ<M to th*. wnoh amount ofde' s lue it. If it
could, why hjuditnot be onfined lo if If so,
the whole atenion ot the board w JI then be ex-
clusively c.ir CLd to neg e t e • <>ful object of
regulating exchanges fhis w?s one of its great
objects Why not, then, confine i> to tha? The
funds of th  Goverame.t ínves'etl m that Bank
would be much áU , a id lor rrouf of this he al o
referred to the same report He believed they were
to have a Bank, there wao a fixed r-ajonty ot five
hero for a Bank, and also a majotity in the other
House                                                    ,    _
Mr CLAY of Alabama moved that the Senate
adjourn
Mr CLAY (f Kentucky hoped not, but that the
amendments w ul 1 be gone on with.
The motio-i 'o adjourn v,as lo t—ajes 1C, noes
23.
Mr CLAY v a, very gl*d that the Senator from
M. sis ippi rpn s'atrd there wruld be a maj rity
of íut, u was rithcr more tnan he Mr C hal Cul
culated H Wi> opposed to the amendment of
ih Sena'fr f om Mis«i>sjpp, because it was an
experiment The Senator ptop< u tu cut off the
B,in * from some o. the mc-t aiutai/ dea'mjs
rejected v i h it Now, if yea tut <.rl ihi ngot,
either you We„ d efleci noihu g, all tne to>r,s te.ng
thrown into 'or, is of exchin? , < i } ou would have
!es> circular on of this -ouno < írculatieg medium
lie believed the fortnei woo 1 take place The
loans would a I assume the form of biMs of ex-
change. Why crff te a Ban w th lalf t e racul-
ties u-.ua lv pos essec? The reguhuo i of exebaa e
was only enj ot its otj-eu He e d think thv,
alter all the unet at had b-en spent, they a ig'n
re-train t tit dmendiJti t , <avo the bill pnn ed,
and lake tne quest on, on vhich he hope i they
would find the ioe,a- the Sena or from Missis-
sippi had prognos icat d  by a majority ot five
Air VviLKER said there v a  a waj nty of
five who wished a bmk in some form As lo the
offer of amend tnls, he had offered five—of which
lour had been ?dop'ed 1 he solvency of this bank,
its. ability to aff jrd at all times tois sound currency,
will b.¿ increased tenfold by counting the bank
m this manner  Had we not already enough bank.
of discount? Toey had—and too many. Why
not, then, confine the bank to the regulation of ex-
changes, by which its fund6 wonld be ten tlme_s as
secure?
The quesuon was here taken on the amendment,
and decided in 'he negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Benton,Calhonn, Cath-
bert, L'nn, Mouton, Pierce, Sturgeon, Walker—9.
NAYá—tVIessts Barrow, Batet-, Bayard, Ber-
neu, Clay of Ky Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham,
Henderson, Kunungton, Ker, King, Mangum,
Merrick, MilWr, Morehead, Porter, Premiss, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith oí Indiana, Southard, Tsll-
madge, T^npan, Whue, Woodbndge, Youug—28.
Mr. BEN TON said there were various amend-
ment?, and asked if the Senate would adjourn.
Mr. CLAY said, under the impression that alt
the amenoments could be offered to-merrow, and
ihe bill be pr.nted, and the question taken at >.ome
early day, he would move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr BUCHANAN expressed his sincere wish
that the amendments muht be brought to a close.
Mi. BU.N i ON said he had two, but he wculd
n t tike up m re than an hour.
And  u   - "tx c then aejourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVrS
Tuesday   Iuty20, 1811
The Journal of yee ercUy wa  lead and approved.
Mr MALLORi moved that, the House now issolve^itself
lnio Committee of the Whole on the sia e ol the Union
Mr FILLUORb hoped the House would proceed with the
regular order of busmen
liy general consent the SPFAKBB laid belore the Ilnusa
two messisej fiom the President of the United Si*1"-
one iniorming Congress that toe ac ofihelUthoi Man h, l;3s,
to prevti l mm a y expeditions aaain t other nations with
whim we are dt pi ice Lxpircd on ihe lOihol \tartli 1S>0, ihe
other i > an wer to xiesolutionol the Housenf thesis nltiino,
lequebtiis the coire pondence between he tinned ;- tie ami
Gtt-at ilntain as to the Art eucau pusoi ers m Van U euian ¡J
la id
Inemewajesweie reflin-l to the Committee o<\ loreign
AfTtiih, and uid^re! to be ini i ed
Mi HU11 lent wed hi  molino fin leave to introl if e a bill
(pursuant to rout lieietolore g vetoto ícvive a d cuiuinuc m
lo ce lor ivvoyiarotheactap|)iuved Mauh 10, leJ-, euiuled m
acioopplemt iy toanacteniU d' An m tin ad Imoo uiilieait
for iht punishrr" l ol etita cumi sa.'amst ihe ttnlied s aie^,
and to repeal ihe acistheuin mentioned," approved April 29,
1618
Mi   BREWSTER rose and obieced
Mr HUNT inquiud" jfihe fcP-uBaifit would be in Older
to move a sugper bionof the lule
The sPCiKCR u plied that, under - rule adopted at the pre-
sent 6esi.i in, it would not
The question tecui ring en the motion of Mr Mailoeí—
Mr Fit LMOIIC oigcO that ihe motion should be waived for
a short time so a-, to let t - u-.ua! morning ouslms  goon
M MAltOUYwas* i uto di si lies, id II theEronilemin
from New York [Vis TieM oke] a id his Inerids would rnneent
10 e-tend the time m whic ihe discussion on the I iriifieation
hill   ad been limited b> the resol uion ofSatmday la t.
the quesuon on ihe mouon oftli Mailoüy was then tasen,
and  '-cideil in ihe alhrm mve      __
rottllFlCATION BILL
So the House again íesolved itsell n to Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Vti WinthroP ol \,a^san'iu
s-tts in the r-haiOonthe bill making appropiunions foe various,
fortification , foi ordnance, and for preventing and suppressing
Indian hostilities                                        ,   „       ...
The question being on ihe moMon of Mr w ISB to striae out
the firs'section of die bill—                                                         ,
Smie explanxtions (ab«ed between Meins M KAy and
Dawson hi ret <t on 11 the bpceehts heretolore made by litem,
lm dyinsnothm, h iwevei ofa per rnii diñ-ietice üuweenu e
two gentlemen Mr D ha I been ei ron'(iu«ly i ported as <tr
Cltbin ' Ml Mrlv. ofhtv  , voled foi Mi lien on'b niair m nil
fort ficiuon bill wheiin lealitv I only chaigtd it upon tie
party with whom Mr M K a.tel Mr McK d.n-d thithe
had voted for tliat bill, he had voied igauibt it
Mi IONCSo'Maiyln1 wno was entitled to the floor trom
yesterday, then add.ebsed the committee during his allotted
°He commenced by i leierence to the perwnal courtesy, dig
n tv, mil decou m wMch had chai actenzed the debates of m
eaily Congresses, and promised to imitate so goo I an «imple
in his r^nfarks o the present o casion He expresad his ie
Lea tne i .walenroi i paity tp nt which too olten mat ked he
t/r .ceedit^o, the If u J aní especially on all quest oris.which
had a bearing, n  on fireig  relations, in wh.el  the dejpait
nents ofGover .me it o gh- evei i. exhibit an un i vnled >n
Mr J c.udiot  ieeinihe motion of the gen lenrun liom
Virginia [M, .Vise] t> «° out the first section o( the
b.l= !h..u,hl,„ took except,,, to It, P' ''f^V^mlfank
to th- app epilation fir wovi s in the Slate of If '*™*}
whc'i he considered a em essed in terms rot sufficiently
definite He male on- lemirks on the importance of
epecifie aopropV.auusloi specific oh.eci, and, though he
had confidence buh in the committee aid m to Ad«"nB«a
uon, he should like to «et tluspaitof 'he bilhendereu more
SPMCrftFll LMOKE made an explanation, showing why -
sec ion mqies ,on hai been worded as H stood Even ,tau, d
iiiierma be ren lered evei loejtf licit, it would in lac- be only
o oáner because the Dep «t .ent was vested by law, Willi
rDP.wPer'to"añsfer appropriations at the discretion of the
head of me Department arid according lo the neces-uy < I en
cSms?ances Mr P reada paragraph rom a document from
the Engineer Department, showing to what objecis the money
C°Mr JONES acquiesced    He then proceeded to inamre how
