234                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on their attention For the purpose of speedy
justice to the individual, and perfect justice to
the Government, it was necessary that he be tried
here.
Mr. BENTON said it was merely a change ot re-
venue.
Mr BERRIEN further advocated as tending to
speedy justice, both to the Government and the in
dividual
Mr. McROBERTS made a few remarks not
distinctly heard in the gallery.
Mr. BERRIEN explained.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama urged some cogent
reasons to show that the chaDge of venue was
unnecessary.
Mr. WALKER said his first impression were
decidedly against the proposition, but having since
read the memorial, and taken all the circumstances
ot the case into consideration, he had come to the
conclusion that the prayer of the parties, both
plaintiff and defendant having joined in the re-
quest, ought to be granted The highest officer
of the Government in the Judiciary Department
assents to the proposition, and considering the con-
venience of reference to documents in ihe public
offices, there could be no doubt that a fairer trial
could be had in this cuy than where those docu-
ments were not accessible
Mr. BERRIEN referred to apart of the memo-
rial as an answer to objection  urged by Mi Clay
of Alabama
Mr. CLAY of Ahbama was about to reply,
when it was intimated that the morning hour had
expired
Mr WOODBURY made a few explanatory re-
marks, after wnie'i ihe subject was laid over for
further consideration
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Dis'nct ot Columbia, reported a b'll from ihe
House, making further provisions for the pauper
lunatics ot the District ot Columbia Also, me
bill to revive and continue in force for ten years the
Mechanics' Relief Society of Alexandria
Notice was given of several resolutions, name-
ly one br Mr CLAY of Alabama, one by Mr
BENTON, and one by Mr HENDERSON, call-
ing on the Secretary ot the Navy to inquire into
and report upon the expediency of establishing a
Navy Yard and s ation for a home squadron m the
vicinity of the Uulf of Mexico
The orders of the day being called, the Fiscal
Bank bill was taken up far further amendment, as
in committee of ihe whole
Mr ALLEN offered an amendment, making ihe
«stockholders liable for the obi gations of the insti
tution
He said the¡objeet of it was perfectly obvious to
all, and he would de am the Senile no long" than
to ask the yeas and mays.
After a Itw remarks from Mr BENTON, the
amendment was rejected, by the following vote
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
bottn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Faltón,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nichol
son, Pierce, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—21
NA i S—Messrs. Archer, Birrow, Bates Bay-
ard, jemen, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Evan-.,
Gra*'am, Henderson Hunimgtin, Ker, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Sun-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Sou hard, Ta lmadge,
White, and Woodbndge—25
Mr ALLEN proposed to strike out corpoia-
tions from among those authorized to taw stvck
Mr A said it was but the other day ih  amend
ment prevailed exc udn0 foreigners fn n ulnrg
shires m the Bank The authority to corporations
to become stockholders, enabled foreigners in tue
local institutions to nonopoli/  the stock
The dduiüí on of corporations was, besides, the
exclusion oi citizens, and giving pnvilege on pr vi
lege
There was ano*htr great political objection to the
combination of the S ate ins itutions under the
charter of the Bank of the United Stale .
What is ih  effect of this combination on the
Bank as a regulator of the currency? It will iden-
tify, in interest, this great Bank wuh the les er Siate
institutions, and the regulator will, ot curse, wmk
at all th? abuses of the minor institutions, holding
shareo in it, and thus enable them to plunder the
country
Mr CLAY said the reason that hid b en urged
against the Bank was, that no capitalist would in-
vest his stock in so wor bless an institution, but it
was now proposed to cut off corporations, so as to
give individuals an opportunity of subscribing for
this worthless stock. Corporations, not as the gen-
tlemen on the other side seemed to think, were of
various natures. There were corporations for the
education of youth, it might be very profitable to
invent their funds, at sevsn per cent, in this Bank.
But, by the amendment, this advantage would be
cut off. There were also some meriionous banks,
as the savings banks, for the benefit of the indus-
trious and laboring portion of the community, and
inves'ment here was profl able for them
Mr. BUCHANAN said ne d d r-ot rise to an-
swer any one's objections to the amendment, but
he would britfly state his own reasons for voting
for it The experience of his own Siate had been
such that ths L islature had found it neces.ary
«o interfere, and jievent the local banks from pur
chasing stocks oí oiporate institutions, except to a
very limited am un He was far from thinking
that this Bank wou d pay either six or seven per
cent on its stock He would m t hnld out induce-
ments to corporations to purchase stock that would
desert them in the hour of darger Por this cause,
he would not only exclude local banks, but savings
banks, and corporations for the education of youih
Mr CLAY said the Sen tor wasdesuous. for ihe
interest oi corporations why won d t- not l<-t
them tal e care of them elve , and decide accord-
ing to hen own interest whether they would invest
their capital in th s Bank He believed the Bank
woald not only divide seven per cent but, after it
wa in opera'ion, much more But if S ates did
not desue their corporations to invest in this, they
could prohibit them by then laws, a> they were n
the Senior's S a e In any point of view, he was
opposed to ihe amerdment
Mr   ALLLN illustrated and tnfuiced his objec- '
tion to multiplying  the privileges of  corporations,
and excluding citizens who had none of them    lit
made it plain ihat the restriction againsi. foreigner  I
becoming the o vners   of the  Bmk, wfs perfectly I
nugatory under the provision of the chart r, which i
enabled the minor corporations, of wh ch they hold '
the capital, to invest   the capital in the National
Bank.    But he opposed it principally as producing
a confederation of banks in politic , and as   open-
ing the way to the combination of the whole   mo-
neyed p-ivilegcd classes under a great   and   ce m
mandmg head, associeted with the   Governnent,
again t  the  unpuvileged   p rtion of  ihe cc untry
He sui 1 the regulator, so leagued  with  moneyed
power at home and abroad, and the poli ical power
at the  head of the  Government,  would regulate
not   only the   currency, but the legis ation ot  the
countiy
Mr BUCHANiN said he had but a «mg'e re-
mark to ma e in reply to the Senator from Ken-
tucky This was a matter of cautiot deliDsra-
tion—the creptton of a corporation. B, ihe bill
itself, the Bank was prohibited from i-nesting in
State institution-!, while State banks were allowed
to hold capital in this Here was an incon ístei-
cy The sjd cription of Mock in th s Sank, by
state corpo* it ons, disable! them, to toe ¿mount
subsenb d, from exercising their mil powers
Ought they th*>n to hold out full inducements to alt
banks of the United States to take capita here?
Tha was t e quts ion He hid voted „or no
amend nent ot his charter that he did n t believe
would be e ential'y benei ul to it, and on that
ground he snou d give his vole for this
The anendment was nun rejected, by the fol-
lowing vote
YE\3—Mes rs Allen, Benton, Bachinan, Ca1-
houn, Clay cf Alabima, Cuthbsrt, Fulton, King
Linn, McRib us, Mouton, Nicholson, Pi rce,
S vur, Snithof Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Waiaer Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
NAYS—Mes.r  Archer, Barrow, Batej, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Clay of Kentucky, Chyton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Meirick,
Miller, Moiehead, Porter, Frentiss, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbndge—25.
Mr. WALKER offered an amendment providing
that no kan should be made oy said Bank or any
office of discount and deposite to any corporation.
He sail' that one of the principal causes of loss
to the o'd Bank was from corporations. They had
lost to the amount of seven millions by loans to
Insurance Companies, Banks, &c. Was it not
safe and proper by the lights of experience to pre-
vent these losses?
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky hoped the amendment
would not be adop ed If it were, what would be
the effects? First, with regard to the banking cor-
porations. He hoped this Bank would occasion-
ally lend an assisting hand to banks, when it
could be done with safety, and might by a little
loan reli ve them from much di  rtss The word
corporation wa veiy extensive, it induded cities
and manufacturing corporauons, wh e'i were in-
tended to be aided by this Bank The Senator from
Mi-srssippi had said great losses weie made by cor-
porations, and therefore they must make resfrie
tun prohibiting corporations from taking stock at
all. They might as well say, because they had
met with lo«ses from individuals, they would not
loin to then. How did they occur? When the
old Bank sunk from a National to a State institu-
tion, it had a great fund on hand which it sought
out the means of employing Hence, loans were
selected at four or ftve per cent That was the
raue It would be ¿n unwise restriction to say
that it thoul t not lend to my corporation.
Mr. WALKER said the enormous loans to Bid-
die wete whin ihe Bank was in its high career as
a Bank of the United States
Mi CLAY Bat in contemplation of its be-
coming a State institution
Mr WALKER said the Senator from Kentucky
had said they were to leave all discussion to ihe
directors of the B*nk, and thus negltct all the lights
of experience This was the only time to impose
on the Bank every possible restriction. If they
had bf en ímpo^ei on the present Bank, it would
not now have been a mass of insolvency. We
tv ere told it was important to permit this institution
to make loans to banks, to prevent their failure
He said if a bank was in such a condition that it
could not borrow funds e sewhere, to prevent their
failure or suspension, that was the very reason for
this ameadraent That was the object of ihe loans
of the old Bank to the Bank of Missis  ppi, and
they had resulted in losses of over one million of
dollars It was entirely wrong to loan out money
for the«e purpos s The Senator had said citl s—
the city oi W shmgton might want loans, bu al-
though he was a nend to Wa hington, he thought
experience had demonstrated it unsafe to make
loans to her
The vote was then taken, and theamendmentre-
j°ete I, as fellows
YEA3—Mes rs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fnlion,  King,
Lmn, McRober s, Nich Ison, Pierce, Sevier, Smi h
of Connect cut,Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wood-,
burv, Wrigh , and Young—20
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Clay of Kentucky, Clajton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henden n, Huntington, Ker,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Rive-, Stmmt ns, Smi h of In"iana, Southard,
Tallmndge, Whi>e and Woodbr dge—26
Mr. CALHOUN *aid he lose to offer an amend-
ment to the 5tn section, 9th pag , an 1 18 h line, to
stnki  out  ll irom he w<td "frcm" to the word
"inclusive, ' in the 25 h line, the clause giving the
S cretary of the Ire^ ury the pn<-a to sell the
o- -third to be sub cr b=d oy the United States, m
case ¡t is not otherwise taken, and to insert i pro-
vision, that the tcck of the United States held by
t le Bank may be sold at any time, by ihe previous
„s ent of Congress, on paying the par value in
soecie at tne Bank He understood the chairman
of the committee, that this was made to conform,
as nearly as possible, to the Bank charter of 1816
This whs not contained m that charter, but his
object was to divest the Secretary of the Treasury
of this discretion.    He could not see the reason
