•242
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a¿ money, shall be liable to become bankrupt, ac
cording to the provisions of this act.
Mr NICHOLSON rose and said The amend-
m ut whith I have just offered prnpo !-. to ^ulject
those banking corporation*, which aie owned «n-
tirely by individual ssockhnlders, to the provi ions
of the bankrupt law. I have presente i the prop)
sition in this shape in aecordancs vihth wis-ws
of some of my friends., who are avrr-e to includ-
ing those banks owned wholly 01 in pait by a,
State, in a bankrupt law I present ti ¡he Señala the
abstract question, with a view of ascertain ng whe-
ther a majority are fa'onble to the ptinciple li
the amendment now proposed 'hall be ad^ptid,
then it will be necessary to follow uup win o her,
to adopt ti e remainder oí the bill to iris now pro
vision. I have those oilier amendnvp s prepare1
and will present them, if itsha'l <>ppe>i tha' a ma
jonty of Ihe Senate are piepared to aoopi the ab-
stract principie o* including banks in the bankrupt
till.
It is known, Mr. President, that I'm-re is a di ■
ferenee oí opinion in the Senate as to the po > er of
Congress to subject banking corporat irs to th
provisions of a bankrupt law. I took iccasion at
the last session to express my opinion a' length on
this question That opinion is still Ihe s une, and
I shall not detain the Senate by r  >ea in  in1
grourds upon wtvch I behev  we ar m hi rize I
under the Constitution to exerci e ihe power i
shall content myself by remaikin , thil 1 regard
theclausemths Constitution which ?ntliori7isCon
gress to "pas< uniform laws on the sul jtctof bank
ruptcies,"as conferring a specific and express power
to legislate on this subject. Th*" "i remarks
which I shall now submit to the Senate will be
confined to the propriety of ex rcisiti1 l¡>   pnw r
The evil at which my prop nu n s nk^s, Mr
President, is admitted to exist, amito be of the
greatest magnitude. It is theevilot aniiietLeiiiable
paper currency, varying greaily in kind ind valu'
in different sections of the country It is now
severely felt in two-ihirds of the Union Wherever
the banks are in a state of suspension, ihe country
i* afflicted with a depreciated bank paper curtenrv
Whoever shall devise a plan for corieetmg this
great evil—a plan which will restoie ihe speci 
standard, and coerce the State banks t >
maintain their circulation at that standard—
will deserve much of his country The im-
mediate cause of the exten«ivf pic vale ice of
irredeemable bank papei, wastheexce sive exten-
sions into which the banks run a few years sime
Toe remedy needed, then, mu>t rearo 'he loot if
the evil, and confine the banks within piuden' and
safe limits in their discounts and cmulatim, it
jaust secure steadiness in their policy, an 1 i revent
those excessive expansions which are t e situ, pre-
cursors of suspensions
This brings me, Mr. President, ton question,
Will my proposition effect the de>red orjeol? f
have not as yet heard any one deny its efficacy I
propose to make it a law of all bankw ' coroora-
tions, that the moment any one of ilu u fail to
perform the duties assumed, by suspending sp-cie
payments, at that moment its existence shall urm -
nate. Sadden, instant, and irrevi cable d strnction
is to await the charter of every bank v hi-h, shall
refuse to redeem its notes m specie I desire to
hold up before every bank the c rtain p nilly ol
death as the tei'or which will cmstn then t>
confine their operations vithin fait limi lifer
love of life, and their feat of death, nnll not coin
pel them to fulfil the hish obligations imposed
upon them, then I despair of any reratdy
My proposition, Mr. President, is t i be   pro
spective in its operation.    It look   ft ri ard  totre
time  when the solvent banks will hi e required
fpecie  payments.    Then  1 design >t >   commence
tisoperatton, and I cslcula'e wit> some ojifi h-nr
that it will operate as a p >v erful p'eve  Uve rem
dy, against th- írtq,ent r cuirence      tiiat't''ei
things  which   nov  piA  m  two   in   d    o' ti
Union.
As to theprobaile effect oft' sn
Pr sident, we are not wi hont ex fit,
experiment. TtieSa'oso N-,y Yorif
chusetts, the two m^st co->im rcial St ttes m the
union, have made the experiment, a d we now
sure,   VI r
It i-, n i
id Massa-
have the result of tb-ir experience Th ir State
banks aie su j et to the very provision which I
now piopose, anl re have been assured by the
dstngn he I S n itoi from N'w York [Mr
Wright ] that he sound c mdi'i n of the ciirteroy
in tli < S a'e, is stlnbutable 11 the lLflierce of tms
bank upt pri Gi,"K One 'h ng is certain that all
New England, lojiethT with N .' York, n«.v
have a smnd currency, whilst two thirds of th 
Union, compus'ns the Sou'h, West and Sou'hwest,
are cir=ed with a depreciated, iTe!eemabl>
circuí ition N-w York and Mas-achn-ct s,
the trf) State  who e banking instt n iojs
regulate th> others, hav* been preserved from sus-
p>rM >n b/ 'he 'errors of d=a h, which i ihe penal-
t ; whl t in the S uih, Wist, aril Southwe,!,
i l-tead of ho1 Una up this pena ty, the Leg statures
hw either sanctioned or .-cquie ced in hesusprn-
su n-. We have then the lights ot expirtenco, and
need not iherefore regard th" prop^n-on as in ex-
periment or i i novation
iVe have now before us, Mr Pre? drnt, a bill to
m-orporne a Nattonal Ba'ik. The friend  of "uch
an in ti tit on calculate that ¡t v II lnve a powerful
influence in Hfjula'mg the Si?t- bmks. In that
opinion I am sa isfied they ¿' mis aken, but if
they <ii cos,;ct, t iev "tight noi o o'ij^ct to the
prop, >iiion which I make, which will prove an
niixiliiry 'o their Bank 'n the reoulation of the
S'ato bmlrs. It the> are righ in t ieir anticipa-
tions is to the influence which a National Binlt
will exeicise in restraining thi excede  of StUe
banks, tbfn the bankrupt provision will have no
bad effect even if it shill nol be as necessary as I
regard it One thing is c i am, that the baiik-
rup1 provision r—\ m no way confl -l wi'h a Na-
tional f>ank in Ihe refill ilion ofSat hírk
Bul, M Pres dc"tr it th3 fiiend or a Mational
Bank should be mistaken in then anticipations as
toih' efficncy of tint uivt tution, the bankrupt
pnnciple woullomi principally in aid of th'ir
Bank. I can therefore see no reason why the
friends of the proposed United States Bank should
object to th1 adoption of the amendment which I
have offered.
The principle ol subjectirg banking corporations
to the bankrupt provision, is rapidly gaming
ground in this c mntiy Public sentiment is
sprea ling and giowmg in faior rf the doctrine.
We have da Iv i vid rices of hs fact Som  of
the most dtstmgu shed fina^ciei in the country,
who have latch wntttn on die subjt-trf currency,
havi turned their a'tentio-i to this snbj cf. Tiny
«ec in it the greit c mserv^iive principle which
alone c-n --ecure a sound currency. I will trouble
the Senate with a Jew remarks uifde by Mr. Albert
Gall tun in a pamphlet la ely published by him on
the cunercy. 1 de ire to g ve circulation to the
sentiment-- of Mr Gallatin. His character for
fi une al abih'y i kio vn to th1 u hole country,
and th" v hoi  enmry will duly appncirte his
opinions In ihit prm,het I find Mr Gallatn
wnlin  as 'oil >ws
' 1 tie ( ii slitiitmn ul t!u UuneJ states provides, thit Cun
iKsasliili hive powoi t) i ublish an uniloimrule of nam ah
¿a  n, mil umioim liws on the subject of bankiuptcies
throil  ho i  the Unittd fetalc-
1 I he ti nc meaning of the wonl 'bankruptnps,' has been qnes
nonul Hut vvhethei ice inline to Ule sense m whieh the won!
w is genei illy u*eil and undeistood at the lime when the Con
solution was adopted, H embiaces all pel ona unible oi un
willing to | ay then debts, or is confined only to tiaderi and
il atei , ii i, cmceilel on ill hands lint i ^applicable to all
win lieiinivinil y iiliiiiueiltolie tralcn 01 dealei  And it
cmnotbe lenied that hankais, or dealeisin irionpy aieincludel
wittun th it descllption
' li >tlii lie ¡ e tb th powei i& given in expas^ teims ind
in tlie must et newt! nnnnei It l^ to pa^t, I iwsore the sil^cu
olb nkinptci s Con re  is not theiefire bound hy the spe
tllic pioy sinus of tlie | a e\l tlnglawsoi that subject, oi my
(ounuy It may detine what aru shall c institute baukiuptcy
whit hall be the lemidy in releienco both to the creditor an t
th nbloi ind what stub be the mole ol poce^dintr The
que tion t> b tivimined i^, v\t, thci t e hwsha I ipply o
liinlmgcnj >i to n The intimiir ] r priehj of inrtud i g
tli? r in* il men* can I re; dly / e denial and no art of Con
«if,sco ill >c m r- is fideinl'Jitinit fur the put pose of ¡,e
eur n* a <*eneiuL *(und em leiity
The ^ ueial evil m lei w nch t le who e Ciuntiy laboi-, ,s
ihitoi"i _ « tin di    mihi   impeifeci flu teat i s 01 lelaied
le nsl i 10 i of tin, tíUi i\ Ct"uJ
wot, ii^itutioTJor corpor   e
-.........-            ■v,^    >'    -ÍLHUUIS  Ul   Ct
b   lici w  ich h ive been peimilted 10 I &up a p pel cunency, on
ih   c\piess con htii n hail shiol 1 be at all times le leemableon
deman lin tío! loi sd vet, ucsnlVted with imp muy to break their
ttdttements and lo nav fhno- tlnhi- >" --------------' -  —    ~-
ei gdgements and lo pay their debuin'a i enreriátcl n-npr „nr
«hTont'iéñdeí? Wh,C" by ^%^miuZT&%loZ
Clare it t, beanZ7,mT 0l debts A law wl)lch shall de
ciare_ bean^«^< bankruptcy on the part of all those who
issue notes or evidences of debt, tobe put in circulation as mo-
ney, to continue for a certain length ot time, to decline or re-
fuse to redeem m «pecie such notes or bills icould afford the
mo^tgeneral and efficient preventive and lemedy that can
be de eised It would alone be efficient 11 arrest the ti il, to
place all the States on a 'oating of equality, and to sust in
ami maintain the soundness of all the weal currencies"
"The laws of iheoame puipoit, enacted by l\ew York, and
by some oilier Si ite*, are m lact bankrupt laws appli d to that
special object Tho e S ates and all those which maintain,
or aie debiious of maintaining specie payments and a sound
curtency, are deeply interested in makingthe law geneial It
must aloob  observed, that incorporated banks enjoy already
alithe pnvilegea whicha bankrupt 1 xw can afford to debtors,
that is to say, that on sunendering all the propeuy which be
longs to the corporation, no lurther demand can he nidde either
against it, nor, in ihi n individual capaci y, against its mem
beis It is, tbeit-tore, stuetlj consistent wllh justice, that they
should he made subiect to the provisions of that blanch of the
bankrupt law, which 19 intended to piotectthe creditors In
pom* of fact, the whole, oi almost the whole, bai king business
ofthe Unlteet States is cairied on bv incorporated banks To
exempt them from the operation of a general law, is, not on
ly fhe giantof a bankm?monop ly but An excius ve puvilege
in favoi of a spcci it class ol dealer? and the occupation of those
dealers that of substituting a papei foi a specie currenc\, is, of
all others, the mo«t dangerous to the community and that
which requires to bo most strictly lestramed by legal enact
mem? instead ofbein^ exempt from the provisions of a law
which applies to every othei descnption of dealeis "
I have real thes  extracts Mr. Preiident, wnh
a v.ew of adopting the argument of Mr. Gallatin,
as to the propriety of lncnidmg banks m the bill
now under consideration As to his reasoning in
reference to the meaning of the term "bankrupt-
cies" in the Constitution, I give no opinion. His
reasoning, howevei, to 'how thai barking corpo-
rations ought to be p'a*ed on a footing with indi-
vidual traders and dealers, I most hcaruly adopt.
It will save me th trouble of detain ng the Senate
longci. I could not, if I desired, add any thin?
to the argument of Mr. Gallatin, a gentleman well
kno ■ n all o?er ihe coan'ry for his eminent finan-
cia1 fbilitie-.. He spo?k  from experience as to
t'walueofa barkrup'law applicable to banks;
has seon its operation m his o«n Sta'p, and ishiin
s>if now ni th  head of a Slate bat k in New
York
I shal1 suDmit my  amendment  to  the  Senate,
and repeat, that if it sh ill  be  adopted, 1 am pre
pared to follow it u->  with  the t tner amendments
which will be neces ary.
Mr. BENTON said the great point which he
wished to bring before the Senate was, that in the
commencement, the ap, hcatton of bankrupt laws
was directed m linaland (th° coontry from wh ch
we derived out notions of a bankrupt law) to bank-
ing corpoialions «ind bankers, and those only.
Thrre was not a corporation in England which is
not íncludíd, except specially exempted by act of
Parliament, wh'ch had power over them He held
that the entire s ihject was open, m the same man-
ner, to legi lation Ivre If the provision of the
Constitution, which bad for years been trampled
on and expunged, was enforced, compelling banks
to pav speci", there would be no need of a Na-
tional Bank as a •'emulator of the currency
Mr. WOODBURY wished to suggest an idea in
refe f nee to his amendment In Eng and, banking
corporations, as artilic al persons, were excepted;
but he contend d l1 a they should be included, and
refert-d in snpport of ihii to the pamohlet of Mr.
Appleton of B03 on, who urited the qualities not
not only of a distinguí hed financier and practical
business mm, but m m clligerts'atcsman.
Mr. WILLIAMS poin'ed lo the Sia'e of Maine,
where the bankrupt ¡ay of the Siote was in force
agim t b'iuks to which he, in afreat measure, at-
tributed their present soundness He =a>d there
was hardly q po-siMav, with sucha trevision
as this, that Ihe oirec'ors if ihe B^nk would allow
it to oec roe m a situation in uhirh the provisions
of th s act vou'd become appheibe He «hould
wuh great pleasure vote for the am<rdm< m
Mr SEVIER contend-d that the subject belong-
ed whol y to the States; and that, for this Govern-
ment m undeitake to do what the States had not
done, was an irop'ication that the States had not
acted conec 1), and he, for one, would not sanction
it by hi„ vote. The bankrupt bill was advoca'ed
on the ground that Csngi-ess alore had po ¿er to
ppss an aci of th s kind, but this was not the ease.
Maine, Massachusetts, and New York, had already
passed them, as applicable to their State banks.
Why were they calle 1 on, then, to exercise this
power? Was it because they had fears that the
Slates who sent them here would not do their duty?
