346
rather have had his vote than his sympathy; and
he stao*ld have respected that sympathy much more
rf the Senator had not made the powerful speech
he did against them. If this law was not passed,
the thousands of unfortunate debtors in thi-
country would either have to wear the chaws of
the slave, or become exiles from their nativp land.
The argument that the law could not be executed
was an argument against the Constitution of the
United States. There was no difficulty whatever in
the execution of the law—all the details were
left to commissioners, and as to the testimony ot
witnesses at a distance, depositions could be taken
As to the law of 1800, on the repeal of which so
much stress was laid, the principal cause of ob-
jection against it was that it was a compulsory
law. As to the Philadelphia law of 1812, it
conferred privilege on the citizens of Phila-
delphia m the discharge of thsir obligations
which was denied to the citizens of the inte-
rior of the State, and this privilege was considered
so odious as to lead to the repeal of the law. In-
stead of being a stimulus to excessive speculation,
he contended that its operation would be precisely
the reverse. In stating the unequal operation of
State laws, which released debtors in some States,
while they who were equally honest and equally
unfortunate, remained bound in others, the strt ng-
est argument was adduced in favor of the passage
of a general bankrupt law, uniform m its opera-
tion. No man could doubt that Congress has the
power to grant the relief so loudly called for, and
the States had not the power.
Mr. BERRIEN replied at great length to the ar-
guments of Mr. Buchanan, defending the princi-
ples and details of the bill. He spoke of that fea-
ture which took from the creditor the ern^ei t to re-
lease, and placed the debtor utulrr the majesty ot
the law, contending that if the deb'ortr fiee fiom
stain, and has made an honest smrender of all hi
effect, he is placed under an unbiassed arbiter, th1
representative of the law, which he thought was a
great improvement over all prior measurob of the
kind.
Mr. PRENUSS said, as the bill involved very
important principles, he would move that the ques-
tion be taken by yeas and nay?
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
passage of the bill, the vote stood as follow:
YEAS—Messrs, Barrow,Bates,Bernen,Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Duon, Evans, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Ker, Memck, Miller, Mori-
head, Mouton, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith ot
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, White,
Williams, Woodbridge and Young—26
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cathbert,
Fulton, Graham, King, Linn, MoRoberN, Nichol-
son, Pierce, Prentiss, Rive , Sevier, Smit i < í C< n-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Woodbury and
Wright—23.
So the bill was passed.
FISCAL BANK BILL
Mr. CLAY then moved to take up the Bank bill,
and requested that the question on agreeing wit'i
the committee on the several amendments should
be taken separately on each.
This motion having been agreed to, the question
was taken, and several of the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendment to the 11th section having b" n
read, viz:
"Provided no assignment ot trau«lu of stock shall it „ny
time be made to others than citizens of the I nned >ita i-s ^
corporations and companies of the several Mate'*  >r t f t íe 1  i
ted States, er Territories theieof, and, if otherwise mad   the
same shall be void, and the stock so nnliwftilly tiansfetif
«hall be forfeited and accrue to the surplus fuñí oi the b tul
Mr CLAY said he could not, on full rtfleuion,
igree to that amendment. It was putting a restrr-
lion on the holder, which would impa r ihe y-ilue
if his property.    He thought the other { rovi^ons,
¡fhich forbid foreigners and foreign  c^ipoxations
•rom taking any stock, were amp!/ suific ent with
¡ut the insertion of this proviso    The b '! alre-cW
Contained almost every possible restrict   n, and yf t
threats of war had been made on it from ihp ether
bide.    He hoped this amendment  w u i not be
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER declared that to eor.fi.ie the tak-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mg of stock to citizens of the United States would
be rendered entirely nugatory if this provision were
abandoned. What difference did it make if ftock
was allowed to be sold by owners to foreigners'?
and what guard would the other proviso be if Ame-
rican owners could sell them at pleasure? None
whatever. And this clause was put in expressly
for the purpose of forbidding such sale. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky had made some allusion to
threats of war on ihe Bank, and he could tell that
Senator that, if u is to be made, it would be much
more likely, and there would be much stronger
ground for it, if the Bank should be in possession
of British stockholders, and in that event it would
be more easily vanquished.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made some observations;
when
Mr. CLAY of Alabama demanded the yeas and
nays on the proportion.
The question was ihen taken on concurring m
the amendment, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 26, noes 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Ciay of Alabamn, Cnthbert, Ful-
ton, Graham, Henderson, King, L'nn, McRoberts,
Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Rives, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Chcate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
,Evans, Huntington, Ker, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbridge—34
The following amendment to the 17th Sftction
having been read—
"Oivinsto any number of stockholder of sai 1 Bank not les-,
than /(.re, ind to llu n a,ents ui attorney? in ¡act rln, puvi
h_( in such c\ tnim m  n to ni^[ rt my and ill pm ue and m
livilm inounts lohngs, uid arc urn la i ins with sul
lunk md its   ever Uorliusol discount uiddc osite "
Mr. CLAYTON hone I the amendment would
not be concurred in, and pointed out the effects
likely to ensu  from its adoption.
Mr. WALKER '-aid this amendment was made
en his mo'ion, and had been concuired in by
the Wh.g side of the Senate. If there was any
one subject on which the Whigs were more united
than on another, it was on this very provision.
Could it be possible that, after all the abuses whirh
experience Irul shown to have «-runa; from the
want of such a feature inachaiter, it could now
be voted don n^ Unless gm'l^mcn intende 1 that
all t! e proceedings >f the Bar'i shoi Id be vtiled
in secrecy and mystery, th'j would not interfere
with that proposition
Mi    CLAY    "¡d  th- evil-   ..'etch  g-ptlo.nen
seemed to fane,, c u!d  not occui     If th re was
a->y bank bi'l ib'li enrae within a hundred miles
oi the pre^nt in pomt of guilds and re-trcti<ns,
ne should 1 ke to s e it    What d'd the prior clause
of the scctu n sa< 1   Had not the head of the Trea-
sury the risht t > i isppct b^oks,  papéis, and even
accoun «• of individuals'*  Was not *he condition of
the Bank tn he rubhshed monthly'  And ueie not
ihe B nk . nd its tranches open  at all times to the
free rid unresinorcJ inspection of a committee of
either H ii's-(f Congress, co nmutee of the stock
hcl'ers, an 1 t« re and all the <'hPct is of the
Bank1?   A"J ut S n«ors ta'k ot "   -oí7 ""ing in
secrecy'    ->ili i  11 mj-tery," t h n  the p<e<en
charter ha 1 i'it-'r pp<-d all that )M e/er preceded
it, in the care tain i to prevent  every  abuse     By
Í th7 ami ii'lru ntas u stood, an/ numb-r ot  noor
io¡d°rs    i   e^  vhs>n ten, ancle* nn  only a sinel*
1 slicir   ol    ock, "hn" Might h?ve ben  ob>au"l
i onU the day bet ni, hive the n* t tj «o mt<   an
j exBt"ina*i >n of all  the  private dealings of ih 
Bank     Such r ci?u e vov'd p ace í1 e n« iption
o rpp1"! V a't'ic disposal of i spect-hs    "Person
'irni whim, c-*piic, or malic ,   cojll  denngp or   I
irterui[i    sf  er'ious     H> would the,e'er   moy
to modify ihp amendir'-Ht so a  <o insert after the I.
ord rV"j   ' whr «'   V h-ldrn their own nghi five hnn    I
¿rel s/'i(i/ <! -firidBmte, and shall have he'd t'>e  'ame  '
t'irc *no '/>  j"T>t thereto "
Mi. WALKER «a. i that the amendment had
been placed where it stood after a solemn argu-
ment in the commiltpe Now the proposition w*s
to open the enromation to the  neb and  wealthy
stockholder, but not to the poor. Before an ex-
amination can be made, the stockholders must own
five thousand dollars worth of stock, while ten indi-
viduals with one or more shares only could not have
that privilege. Why make the rich stockholder
more powerful than he was? Why make so odious
a discrimination, and one so directly at war with
the genius and spirit of our institutions? Why not
leave it open to all? He should demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLAY. The poor! the poor' were to be
abridged of their rights! How so? Was it to be
supposed that any ten stockholders who might get
hold of a single share for the purpose of prying
into private accounts cf individuals, or of destroy-
ing the institution, would be permitted to do so?
What merchant, what business man, would keep
his accounts or make his deposites in such an in-
stitution, under such encumstaneef? The object
was not, as the Senator had supposed, to prevent
examination; bat he did not desire to see the
amount so small that any speculator or his agent
should have the power to examine into the con-
cerns of the Bank for sinister purposes. The Se-
nator from Mississippi was mistaken in supposing
that each one of the stockholders should hold five
hundred shares; it was that amount in their aggre-
gate capacity; it was necessary that amount should
be represented before such examination was made;
and any stockholders having cause t r fear could
at any time associate together—that was, any nine
of them could associate with one, if they pleased,
so as to secure the object. The principle of his
amendment came from the other Hou e—the popu-
lar, the democratic branch.
Mr. WALKER was not aware that the other
branch had adopted the feature
Mr CLAY said it was m the íeport from the
committee to that body.
The question on the amendment being taken, the
vote stood ayes 25, noes 25, as follow :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ba'es, Bayard, Berrien,
Choatp, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Hun mgton, Ker, Merrick, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Pnelps, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthberi, Pulton,
Henderson, King, Lum, McRoberts, Mouton,
Nichol'on, Pierce, Porter, Sev t-r, Smith oí Con*
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—25.
So the motion was lost.
Mr. CLAY no v expressed the hope that the en-
tile amendment would be reject! d.
Mr. PORTER Ind voted for the amendment,
lie had some experience in rei¿ti< n to the banking
principle, and he 'nought the principle of publicity
a very salutary on*; but he was not aware at the
time of the abuse to which it m gbd be subjected.
He would move to mod fy the amendment so as to
invert after the word ten, ' eacu of whom shall
hold not le s thin five shires "
Mr. WALKER rtofe*s>ed htmseit satisfied with
the modification, and it v;&* aaop ed.
Th= question was tne.i taken on coneu-rmg m
the amendment as amended, and decided m the ne-
gfiive, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, B«n>on, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Cliy c Alabama, Cutibert, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Km?, Lmn, M"R berts, Montón, Niehol-
sor, Pierce, Port-r, Savior, Smith m Conn"cticut.
Sturgeon, Tarpán, Walker, Wil íams, WiodKury,
Wnght  ami Y nig—24
NAYS—Messr  Atchor, Borrow, Cue-, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of K. ntncfy, C'ayton,
Dixoc, Evans, Granan, Hnniin>t n, Ker, Mer-
rick, Miher, Morehead, Phelps, P entiss, Preston,
Rue , Simmons, Smith oí Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, Whit-, ?n\ Woodond"e—26.
So the amendment ?'as lost.
The Senate then adjournal
uot^n or REPRrsrjNTATnEte
s; runow; J ny   1,  l^il
Tht lournal otyctudiy wis iralandappi >ved
By geneial consent, petitions n d memotiak «ere presented
by die following ffentlemei   andwereapnropilately referred
Messrs HUNT ant BOW Ivr of New Yoik
[Mr Hunt pieseu ed the ui-monal of Birlai! P  Hetnck
