CONGRESSIONAL GLOBF..                                            240
gress were to constitute those eomrcitteeb—and, m
certain contingencies, Congress was to order a
senejitcias againat ihe Batik to annul ¡B charter.
M rubers of Congress «ere to be tne txaminers
and the judgeb to pab^ on the conduct of the Batik
Mr C a kid if such considerations should not re-
strsm thera becoming deb'orb of the S^nii? Was
there no danger that members under heavy ob! ga-
llons to ihe Bank, ptihips lo an amount
sufficient to swallow up ttieir who'e esta'es,
would be inclined to forbear, u wi bbold
the awards of strict juanee, u'^er «ach eir-
cumstancb? Nay, s r, is ihere noi much danger
that members, whose indebtedness place  them in
the power, and at the mercy of tne board i Í direct
oís, may be deterred from the («iithf i! perforinji re
offieir duties? He sai 1 no man of obs>r/&tion
would hesitate to answer Ihe.e questions in tl e hi- i
finmtive. Common delicacy loroade such a S ate |
of things.
Mr. C referred to the enormous loans made by I
members of Congress b> the late Bank of the Uni-
ted States, as additional ground for re.trie tag
members from all minner of accommodation. Tie:
war of the late United States Bank upon the Go-
vernment, misht be said lo have commenced
shortly after Gen. Jackson'b first message to Con-
gress—in December, 1829. In the year 1830—ihe
very next year—it loaned §192,101 to fi ty two
membsrs of Congress. Inthstiar 1-531, u lowed
to fifty members more than double thesn n lent the
piecedmg year—that i«, §392 100 In the jear
1832—the year in which tne Bank wai reached its
crisis—the year in whieh it obta'iied a majority ot
both Houses of C irgiess in fa/or of its íecharter,
which bill was vetoed by Gen. Jack.on—y % sir,
in ihe memorable year 1832, lis Hans to ftrty-
four n-emfcers ef Coigiess amounted to
$478 069— averag na am.ost e'even in «sand
dollars each "Wnat ir fluence may b?ve
been produce! in faoui o( hi  passage of h 
bill tor n r>ciuter by tnis fx'iaordnar5
liberalnv, it is impossible to determine. The
names of ihe Congressional borrowers have never
been fully disclosed, and perhaps never will be—
and it is now more than likely, whilst many of the
gu Ity have escaped cenbure, many of ¡hose who
were innocent suffered by unjust suspicious He
«aid th s ni'ght be the case again- the afraitb of the
Bank weK still to be kept secret—i majority oí
the Sena'e h J s. refused to give publicity to ts pro-
ceedings in every possible foan we could pi  po e—
and, last of al!, u<ey ha/e sauck tw, or rather
disagreed to an a ríen 'men1, m de in ci mm t ee if
toe who'e,  hi h aumor/ed any ten st< emo ders
to examine i'  proceedmgs by them.,<'lv,_s rr i!'en!
Mr. C. appealed to S nators, not only forthssakcof
the belter management oí ¡he Bank, but for the pio-
t"C ion ol ihei1- own repula ton-, not to uffcr mem-
bsrs of Congress to borrow at all It was f e only <ffi-
cent safeguard in both points, of vi-w. He said,
if the purpose of the S>na'or from Kentucky were
accomplis-.ed, the doors would be thiown wide
open to directors and members of Congress «¡lo-
om stmt—a field of corruption would be pre,ented,
without one single obstacle to the p rparauon of
brtbety and fraud the most execrable, and mo:>t
ruinous to public mtere't and publ.c morals
Mr. LINN spoke against tha motion to sir ke
out, an 1 sustained ihe committee's amendment in
a forcible argumeut, which we will lay before our
leaders in a day or 'wo
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky askel the Chair of it
was not merely that part relating 'o the di '-c,ore—•
not to members of Congress, was now before the
Senate?
Toe CHAIR siid the question was on stnkmz
out the restriction of loaiung not more than $10 000
each to directors of offices of discount and ("efosite^
Tne  question was then taken, and the amer d-
ment of ¡he committee rejected, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, B'ichinan, Cal-
hun, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Pul on, King,
I«n,   McRoberts,   Mouton,   N cholson, Pierce,
B-ies, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,   S urseon,
Tanan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and'oung~23.
NivS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choaie,
day t Kentucky, Clayton, Daon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington,Ker, Mangnm, Mi-rrtok, V.iller,
Morehead, Phelps, P. r'er, Preut ss, Pic <ion, Sim-
mons, Smith ot Indiana, Souhird, Tall.nadge,
White, and Woodon fje—*>5
Mr CL<VY opposed the amen"'m-'nt ,n the "ame
fund<un n ,1 rute, proviung that no note or bill ot
which < uy mem er of e ¡her Hiuse of Corgrcss of
ihe United States, is maker, drawer, endoiser, ac-
ceptor, or otherwise a pirtv, saall b3 discounted.
He thought it was a restriction, injurious nv only
¡o membeis of Congress, bui to ih ise who had ¡he
na «e> of members on their paper. He tc ok a great
di tirction between looseness of rxoosuie, md ihe
moial power of exnm nation of the irmost recesses
of the Bink, in which lac of p^wer Ipy the great
restriction
Mr WALKER sid, to remove the Senator's
objp-tinn?, h would propo   a mocifi>ation, to
prov d«( that no ¡v te s^omib riis" unted by a
member of Congre s Woi 11 the benntor com
promise? He had before i morom scd, and on
this ground they mi«ht no v meet
Mr CLAY said it wou'd be agteat improve-
ment butlh" amendment would stul be open to
objec nn, as an unreasonable iiterd etion to mem-
bers of Congress He woul i vote for the amend-
ment, if the Senator would offer it, though he
should be afterw?rds obliged to vote againsl the
whole amenctrient
Mr WALKER then movt 1 to strike out tbe
amendmTt and insert the ¡ roviso, thft no note or
bill s^b h  di counted for aiy mcmbei of eithir
Hou'e of Congress
Mr BUCHANAN looked upon the deposition
nowevrced to -,wrep out the fen '¿\e\n y ch cits
?nd guards effected m eommitree by the Demo-
cratic side of the chamber, us mattor of fearful
omen H-- he! Í up n vjet  th  mo , troiH sp c a-
e'e <f a L i'tslaiuie—on \ horn the sciat ny of a
Bai k abuses depended, an i lo n' ,ch >«  'otrtui-
ni y mustlooi f i rili >.-. of wrongs ¡.erpentd
bj the lnbtitution— « .Í ntnepue oftleBink
in oonseqaenc  of ? great pon.on of the members
holding money at its will, which they m ght be
unable to pay—the spectacle of a people contend
n,g with an in=tituition who-ie pohcy would be to
oppress them, relying on Representatives secretly
in the pay of the Bank. This wou'd redoes to
mockery all pretence of responsibility m t! e m >-
nejel pnwer, ivhtch would bold fie prices rf pro-
perl)—.the control of ihe currency aid commerct,
of the country n its hands—aodui h these power ,
lhatof legislat on would be a o<MT.ted, beeause tie
piw r to make t^e me ibe" of Ci >U'r<ss r><h or
poor it p1 a 'tre, vil, be sufg ictit s t a'l times to
(t« tne i,a'tt if vote on any question tf nipor-
tance in Conors 3
Mr CLAY said the directas oc the Bi>¡k we'e
not to have any loans, ? 'd tn-refore they aojld
have no sympathy w th the directors of the
branches
J Ir BUCHANAN advoenfed lb." amendment.
Mr. KING- believed it wo aid be of no avail for
himself i r fr ends to .suggest f-ir' íer rc-trrtions, a 
all the amcodinen s wore lo b" stneken out As a
rae nber of Corgre s, he s^oi ' 1 be unwilln p to be
liable to thi* impa ation cf v ln¡ t r a Bank at
wn ch he was to be accimmoda ed. Hf nil red a
modifienii m to the amendment, exclndn s  loins or
rliscountw 'o the President of the Un te' States, the
Vic ires dent, to the he>>d> of any of tbelSxecu-
i Uve Department', he P istmaster Q nera!, and At
torney General of the United Sates included, or
to aiy Judge of the Supreme Cou't
Mr WALKPR appea'ed to hw friend not to
offei this as an anit-ndment, since it mmht defeat
both Lh the question bt> taken on his amend
ment first, and toen he would vote for the amend-
ment of hi* friend.
Mr. KING accordtnglyjwifhdrew the amendment
Mr CUTHBERT dwelt on the propriety of
the major ty pdopiin  die amendments, of a jJst
nature, offered by the Opposition, in order to avoid
all idea of ihe Bank being a political msti u icn.
By gene.ai consent, ihe amendment of tve com-
m ttee was modified by adopting, unanimously,
the amendment proposed by Mr, Walker, who
thet, at somelergih, advocated the amendment as
modified.
■"■ ■"■■■——-——:—■--------=—"~ """■■' -~ '"■      -i '* 'f i . *m
Mr. BENTON read from the  report  of the
investigation   of    the  proceedings   of  the   Iata_
Bank, a   statement showing   the amount of  rjW
lo-tn., to members of Congress, editors of nswspa-
pets, &e.
M-. CLAY further oppos-d the amendment.
Wnat was ihe principle contained in a? It was
that msrsbTS ot Congress should not share m the
benefits ot an institution to be crea ed by their
vo es. On the same principle, it mifcht be sup-
posed that they voted to reduce the tariff, for the
purpose of gpttm? their elotr-ing cheaper.
Mes,rt CUTHBERTand LINN advocated the
amendment.
JMr PIERCE said he had no expectation that
any arünments that could be offered would influ-
ence the minds of gentlemen on ihe other side. On
thi romt he wcild be .he la^t o doubt the entire
correctness o* the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Cla?,1 it was a matter in wh,ch the judgment of
that htnator, m the present po ture of affairs, could
haidlyfü! to be anernng. If it were otherwise,
af er the aM* app-n1, supported by iacts and rea-
soning, jitbt made by his fri nd from M ssi -ippi,
[Vtr Wai ker ] he could not presumí, that any
poor effort he might make aould prove ef-
fectual
It was apparent that the important amendments
adopted in the Committee were to be stricken out
in the Sena'e, and he feared that it was equally
certain lhat the bill was to become a law. His
thorough convx'ion was (ne wouli rejoi„e should
it pn ve erron ous) th\t the on y hopa—the
only protectiun left for the country would be in
repeal
Tne State wMch he had the honor to represent
had reeen ly ass r*ed, throngn its Leg slature, the
power of repeal, and hau declared its opinion that
th* highest in erestsof 'h"1 country would impenous-
ly de nam! the ex icis° of iha1 power He would
uno itcM{ o ?n wei for ih^ alfcn y that would be
un i i'e ted a lb*' Sto. c in unfurling the banner of
repeal, and for in stcidinebb and perseverance with
which her sons would stand by and sustain it. It
would wave in evtry valle; and upon every hill
top. In r-ply to the remark that opinions would
not be changed by argument, he (Mr P ) would say,
tha1 gent'ernen on bib side ot the Chamber would
not b° d¡> erted from thi-i impor ant amendment by
a->/ display of wit, or any fir fetched comparisons,
whi'h, by the vay, had n >t even the s'ight weight
of distmt ana'ogt.
I was id e—if ¡turre rot (ffns.ve, he would
say a urd—for gentleiren io di course hereupon
'¡i"it cmr'iplinh'y ¡ f rnet.ibers ol Conj.ress. They
teeie like other men—no bete', he beLeved no
woisp. Tney wire s.ubj"'t to hkt, passions, influ-
enced by like motives, and capable of being
reached by simi'ar ap^hunces History affirmed it.
The expenence of past veais iff «led humiltatmg
tvidence o the f¿ct Were we wiser than our ía-
'h r 1 Wirei than the roost sagac ous and patrio-
tic assemblfge ci men hit me vor'dever savjl
Wi er I '  ill  iramtr  oi th  Consti'ution? What
protec ion did tney proi, d^ for hecouutry against
the corruptibility of ffieinw.ro tf C ngrebs? Why,
th^t no member sbouM h id any < flice, however
hmr-b'e, whiehsws.ii' tecrerttea,or tacetnolumetits
f \ hicb should be mcreas-d, during his term of
service How couid the influence of a pettv office
be compared with that ol the large bank accommo-
dations winch had been gianted and would be grant-
td again? Andj^t tmy were to be told, that m
projusmg this guard for the whole psople, they
were fixing ?n ignominious brand upon themselves
and thrir a^ocutes. It seemed to him, that such
rematks con d hardly be serious, but whether sin-
! ceieor otnerwis', they were not legislating for
themselves—not legislating for indnuuals—and he
felt i o apprehension that the mass, whose rights
an 4 «Ueiests were mvulved, would consider them-
selves agf neved by such a brand.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bucha-
nan ] whi!e prcssirg his unanswerable argument
in favor of the provision, remarked, that should
tais bill become a law, no member of Congress
"having a p oper sense of delicacy and honor,"
wish the q lesfaun of repeal before him, could ac-
cept a loan from tht Bank,   That question of "de?
