á5©
licacy and honor"" was one lo which h<> (Mr P )
did not choose new to address himself. He wou'd,
however, be guided by the light of experience, and
he would take leave to sav,. 'hat that light made
the path before him, upon tms proposit on, pi last-
ly luminous. By no vote of his shouid a provi-
sion be stricken from this bill, the omib ion of
which would tend to establish a corrupt and cor-
rupting influence—secret and intangible—in ihe
very bosom of the two Houses whose province and
duty it would be to pass upon that great question
of repeal What had taken place was liab e to
occur again Those who «ere now here and
those who would succeed to their places, weie i ot
more virtuous, not more secure from the approach
of venality, not more elevated abo.'e the influence
of certain appliances, than their predecessors Wed,
what did history teach in relation to the course of
members of Congress during that most extra>rdi
nary struggle between the Bank and the p<-t p'e
for supremacy, which convulsed the whole conti-
nent from 1831 to 1834?
He rose chiefly to advert to that page of his cry,
and whether noticed here or not, it would be no
ticed by his constituents, who, with their children,
had an infinitely higher stake in this abso bmg
question than members of Congress, politicians, or
bankers.
He read from the Bank report piesentcd to the
Senate in 1834, by the present President or the
United States, "Senate Documents, second s'tsion,
twenty-third Congres*," page 320 From thai do-
cument it appeared that in 1831 there was 1-aned
to fifty-nine members of Congress, the rum of
three hundred and twenty two thousand one hundred
and ninety-nine dollars In 1832, the yeir when the
Bank charter was arrested by the veto of tna n rn
old man who occupied the house and heaits o his
countrymen, there was loaned to fifty four m m-
bers of Congres , the sum of fnir hundred and
seventy-eight thousand and sixty nine dollars In
1833, the memorable panic year, there was iooned
to fifty eight members, three hundred and seventy-
four thousand seven hundred and sixty six dollars
In 1834, hope began to decline wuh the Bank, and
so, aleo, did its line of discounts to member of
Congress; but even m that year the loa'i to fifty-
two members amounted to twohunhed a,ii thirty-
eight thousand five hundred and eighty six dolían
Thus in four j ears o' unparalleled political ex-
citement, growing out of a struggle with th> p^i
pie of the Republic for the mastery, did that invi-
tation grant accommodations o two IiKnd) ed an t tuenly-
three op thf PEOpir's rilprüsiniativi s, at ount I
ing up to ihe vast s im of one million fm- hmulnd
and thirteen thousand six hundred and twenty dollmi
He presented no argument upon ihes ■ la' s He
would regard n not u.erely as super ti .rat o.i, b ,t
an insult lo the intelligence oi his cot ntry men A I
tribunal of higher auibort'y thin the Executive and
Congress combined, would pass upon the q <e t on
of' delicacy and honoi," startel by tne Sena'ot
from Pennsylvania, and it would al o dt iJe
whether such power in the Bank to loan was dan-
gerous or otherwise.    He indulged no ¡ears as to
the decision of that tribunal of last revert__the
sovereign people
Mr. CLAYsi'id that the gre iter part (fine loans
were made by tbose opp «el to the Bank
Mr. BUCHANAN hai no dmbt o< that.
The ques'ioti was then tafeen, and trie amend
mem as modified concurred in, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bed'on, Bucl a-
nan, Calhoun, Clay ot Alabama Cuthbert, Palter,
King, Linn, MeBobert1;, Mouton, Nic> olse n, Pierce,
Preston, Rive«, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—25
NAYS—Messr* Barrow, Sates-, Bernen,Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon Evans, Gra
hum, Henderson, Huntin«ton, Ker, Mangum, W¡i-
rick, Miller, Morehead Pnelps. Por ei, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadgc, Wh'te, I
and Wtodbndge—24
The question then being on the amendment of
the committee, providing ''that the entire liabimns
of any one director of any of said offices to said
corporation may exist to an amount not exceeding
ten thousand dollars," after a few remarks in its
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
support by M^sr*. BENTON tt d CUTEI 5ERT,
it was a'lomcd by ihe iollowmg vote.
YEA'"—M°s«r  Allen, Aicner, Bayaid, Be-i'on,
Bucha lan, Calhoun, C ay of A'aba-na, Cuthbtrt,
Fultoi , He ideis,on, Kii g, Linn, MoRoberts Mon-
tón, Nicho) on, Picic, Prest m, R'es, S'vier,
Si i th of Connecticut, S araeon, Tip tan, Wa ker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—27
YEAa—M'Ssr . Barrow, Bites, B-rrten,Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evan-, Gra
ham, Hjntington,K>r, Mangum, ¡Verrick, Wilier,
Moreh°ad, Paelps, Porter, Prentiss, Simmons,
Smith ot Indian?, Sou hard, Tallmadge, -V'hite,
and Woodbnige—24
Aftct a concurren,*? in various ohfrs, the
amendment, of the committee were go<>e t rough
Mr < LAY of Kentucky offerel an ameninvnt,
the object of which was .o al'ow pa\ ment oí sub-
scripti tis o( stoci: iii the Bank to be iiadein cer-
tifi-ates ot stock, issued under the qct entitle i ' Ai
act authorizing a lo?n not exceeding twelve mil-
!i ns of do lars." Tms amendment was a topted
wn icu' a division
Mi. CLAY offered seve-al verbal amendments
con tq1 entul on mis, v,hiCi viere adopted
Mr. HUNTINGTON rentwel Ins motion for
ameil rent made in committee, proviJtng mat no
nutro o less d nomination than jive (instead of tes)
doha s shaH bo issued. He advoca'ed this at some
length.
Mr "WOODBURY opposed it, and convided
t'at the issue oí „mail n tes went to drive specie
out of circulation In support of this, h<" rodened
to the express  1 opinions of Mr Bm.le
Mr HUNTINGTON allowed that this w s th-
effect oí the is ue of small notes a dheid toat Mi
Biddie and other writer  'n sp akingof snnUno es,
leferreo to a less, amourt than five dollars
Mi BVYARD offerea a modmeation of the
amendment, by aCdim a proviso, "that C ngie s
mij herta ter, n i* shall thmk fit, resTan the least
denomina ion of notes to ten d >liars," which modi
ficatton Mr Kuntinqt Naocepud
Mr  TAPPVN o ipo ed the omendment
Mr BUG iANAN sald, if t! ere was to be a
five doll u circulation m he country, tms Bank
ought u t to participate in it, but it ought lo le
kit to the niror banks A¿tin,they i oulil nc lF
hav-1 a soun I eurrenc wh e the baincs efe ,1
lowed to i «ue note, of on dollar, or live u n! /s
since i s|i(, i has s was irce >ai/ It tr v al
'o v u t e B^nk ef Ihe Unit ri ¡£t ,incto t sue jo'es
o si i ad a dino ninaiton as oue, i«o, rrtiree
uol'-Ts, >h >' vvu ild ttans'ei tms i>ght mail nably
to t f corp ¡ration, and if it weij lound injurióos
lo >he interests oi tue country, tcey could nevet re-
tract it
Af'er some fur her d"ca sion by Messrs HUN-
TINGTON, SEVIER, «md HElMDERSON, the
aiie    m "t \  slost 1 v ?n eqjal vrt , as ollows
YEA*—Messrs Arch r, Ba^oar, Ba e« Bay
ard, Be n 'i Chyof Kfnti.ckj, Clij ti n, Dixon,
E/an , Graiani, Hem er en, iium.ngton, Ke-,
ivlanguin, ft ernck, Miller, Morehead, Pnelp^,
Porter, Prentiss, S mih (1 Indiana, Southard,
Tnl matge, Yvhtte, and Woodbntge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Al'en, Bentjn, Buchha ian,Cal
houn, Choa e, Clay oí Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton
King, Linn, Mcllrceits, Muuton, N chol oi,
P erce, Rive-s Sevier, Sirnmoas, Smith of Ct nn c
tiv-ut, S'uig on, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Wood'iur\, W  ght and Young—25.
Mr. WALKER offered his amendment, wh ch
vi «is cd 'ed to bi pr a ed some thys & nee, to trik^.
out at pag 14, fr >m hue 16 h to 20th tne piovt
sion that three directors shall be appointed oy ih>
Pr sident, and msurt a proviso, that durma; the
next session of Co  gress feiir directors shall be
appi ¡Died by Congress,—two by ihe House of Re-
presentatives, to be rnosen at the ■same ballot, ejt h
membei being permit ed to vote  for one d rrctor
00  y, and the two pei-on-> having he h ghest num
1  ei of votes to be declared eleced.and two dnee-
tors to be chosen in hk- manner by the S nn e, and
the four directors to be appt luted in the samj ¡nan-
ue., on the fi'st M nd<y ol J^r.uarv of every year,
danrg tie existence of said corporation
This, being advocated by Mr. WALKER and
opposed by Mr. CLAY, was rejected, as follows-
YEAS—Messi- Linn, McRoberts, Pierce, Stur-
geon, Walkei, Willvms, and Wright—7
NAYS—'Viessrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, B n'on Be'rien, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of
Al->bar i, CUy ot Ken ucky, Claytoi, Dixon,
Evar.s, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker.Kini, Mangtm, Menick, Millsr, Mirehead,
Ph lp«, Porter, Prentiss, Rives, Sevier, Simmons,
Smith of Connect!' ut, S mth of Indiana, Tail-
madáe, Ta^an, White, and Woodbndge—35
Mr. BAYARD moved lo amend the amendment,
by stnkiup out ihe words "debts du , and be-
coming i ue, to the said bank," and insert the
words "the discounts, loan<=, and other mvesimenls,
bearing interest, of said bank" (which should n ver
at any tir^e exceed the amount of capital stock
pud hi, and seventy-five per cent, advance
thereon )
Ait'i some conversation by Messrs. BAYARD,
SIMMONS, and BUCHANAN, the amendment
Wi.s rejected, witnout a division.
Mr LINN mo vea to insert, at page 14, line 52,
the following: "ana no ptrson who was president
or director of the old Bank of the United States,
dunrg trie time that the Government direc or were
excluded from knowledge t r participation in the
affairs of the sa d Bank, and shall have concurred
in said exclusion or in tne measures of th3 Bank
producing curtailment, pat ic, or pressure, m 1833
and 1834, shall evei be a dtrecto^or agent cf this
Bank or any of it  branches "
Tus was supported by Mr LINN, an 1 op-
posed by Mr. CLAY. It was then rejee'ed, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alien, Benton, Buchan'n, Clay
of All Puhon, L. in, McR berts, Mouton, Nichol-
s , Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Ttppan,
Woodoury and Wnght—15.
J.MAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bat s, Bay-
.■ru, Berrun, Cooat-3, Clay of K^nlu'ky, CUjton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henthsrson, Hun 'njton,
Kei, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Por-
ter, Prentis, Preston, Rives, Simnons, Smith ol
Inn ana, S mthard, Tall-nadge, White, and Wo d-
dn tge—28
Mi. McR03ERTS n o ved to insert a' page 18,
after "Pie i'cut," ar.e 53—
' And no pe on who wti a oVeetoi of the laic Bat k of the
Unte ¡ -><ale , or wh wa^ Piobident theieof at ttie time the
coin rn tee o! t,se House ot Ilepiesontauves was lefuseci leave
to f x t m ic st 1 Batik ant] vvtio slfcl]| have vote t with the m<t
1 > uy in lelo i g sai 1 ¡pavo, or in reltsli g ai y le£>a! t'emanil
of bdid c itnmittee shad evei be eligible 10 the place ol duec
t l, ptesi lent, oi oih t otiicet o sa'd iian! , or any of its
branches n >r h tit any t erson be le etettc 1, ol re it pom ed a
dneetor m sa tl Bank m irv of us blanches, \vho shall have
voted for, ot concuire] in tny Wjllttl vu ! irion or evasion of
a iy o! the piovi innsof ths tei dtnin^his previous service
On It in—and any ( er«nn te etectt 1 ot le appoin eda 1 rector m
sulBink, oi tny one of Us blanches shall betoie he enters on
it? dunes lake inKubs t be an oatii, d cl ning that he ba  not
willti! y cencutr^d in any violan n or evasion of the \ revisions
of this ac' and all ftlse «vvatinff therein shall be held and
i emed to be wilful and coiiunt perjmy, and punishable ac
i otdiugly '
Mr. CLAY hoped' tips bt'l of attamner would
meet the late of its predecessor. He vould is
soon vo e tor it on princ pie, as o vote lo uka
tnese men up, and try and hang them without judge
orjur>.
Mi. McROBERT3o2«J the  anendment dil not
conl mpla e hanging ¡heia   'hough their conduct in
manag.ng ths Bank of tne United States fa 1 placed
then,   in  his  estimation,   upt n p par with fe'ons.
but he hnd   two  p upo es  to  be accompl sled b,
his aoiendm-it. lhe^irst was  o ob ain a vote upou
adi-iinctpiopoc,itio>i showing the approbation  oi
disapp obation ot h morab e  Senators of  the con-
duet of the president and d r°cto>"s of the Jai' Back
ot the United State , an I   whether such men werJ
to be el gible for the direr-tor/ of ihis new Ba k
and,  secondly, ne  desired to prryide, as  the lá'ter
part of the amendment did provide, for  punching
false s fearing nn ihe pnn oi  ths directors- of the
Bank, sought t)  be  put  in operation by the ae
no* under consider-i'ii'i     H'asked for the ve-<
and nays, and ihe S-nator from  Kentucky eo>d
yo'e in any way tn\t suited him upon this amf d-
meni
Mr. MoRobjtrts sat'l he bid no' nsen to r'baie
the subject His orject would be fully-com
pl.sh'd by obtaining a vete upon yeas andays on
the amendmeat he had submitted.
