CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               3d!
The amendmsnt'was lost, as iollows.
YEAS—Mess^. Allen, Benton, Clay of Alaba-
ma, Fulton, Lmu, McAoberib, Nicholson, Pierc,
Sevier, Smith ot Connecutut, Tappan, Woodbury,
and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Ba<iow, Bates, Baj ard,
Berrien, Choate, Ciay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, Evans, Giaham, Henderson, Hunting'on, Ker,
Mangum, MerricK, Mi ler, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Iidiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—
28.
Mr. BENTON moved to insert at tne 34th page,
9th line, after the word "Bank," ' and so much of"
the Constitution of the united Stales, and so much
of the laws of the Uni =d S ates, and somachof
every Treasuiy regulation as are applicable to the
public mon ys in the Treasury of the United States,
shall be he'd and taken to apply to said moneys
when deposited or placed in said Eank or
branches "
Mr Ct-AY said a previous section of the bill pro-
vided that money deposited in this Bank ohnll be
taken to be in the Tieasury, liable t j be taken out
only by check
The amendment was rejected, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of A'abama, Cuthbert, Pulton,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay oí Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hen lerson, Hunt-
ington, Ker, Ajangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Paelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge—27
Mr SVilTH of Connecticut moved to insert at
page 21, line 124, u provisos that no loan should
be made by said Bank, or any of its branches, to
any individual, company, corporation, or State, of
a larger amount th-m ten thousand do'la s, so long
as any applications are pending or rejected of a less
amount, on go d note , or bills of exchange which
are soffictei tly secured.
This was rejected by the following vote:
YE\S—Mes-r* Alien, Benton, Bjch?nan, Cal
boun, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, FuI'od, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Moutm, Nicholson, Pierce, Si-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur*ton, Tapptn,
Walker, Wo dbury, Wnght, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ar<h-r, Barrow, Ba es, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Ciay of Ken ucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Viangum, MerrtGk, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of In
diana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—28.
Mr. MOREHEAD inquired if the opponents of
the bill had now offered all their amendments—if
so, as he was desirous of speaking on the main sub-
ject of the bill, he would move an adjournment.
The motion, however, be withdrew, and
Mr BENTON moved to add, at the 20th page,
line 116, ' Nor shall any member of Congress, dur-
ing the time that he is a member, or for two years
thereafter, be a stockholder in said Bank, or attoi-
ney or counsel to the Bank, or any of its branches,
or be in any way employed, or receive any com-
pensation from it, or any gratuity whatever."
This was rejected by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay oí Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier, ¿Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wnght, and
Young—22.
HAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Cnoate, Clay of Kentucky, Claj ton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntinaton,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Poiter, Prenti-s, Pres on, Rives, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Southaid, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge— 9
Mr. TAPPAN moved to add at the close of the
bill, as an additional section, the following:
"And be it further enacted, That this being an act to create a
Fiscal Agent for the Government of the United State , Congress
hereby asserts the power under the Constitution, to altei orre
peat ttie same at pleasure, except so lai as it provides for the
paymentof the loansthat may be contiacted undents provi
sions "
To t.is, Mr. V/ALKER offered ihe following
amendment "And provided that no person shall
be tepnved oí any propeity held under f aid act by
such alteration or repe 1, many manner repugnant
to the 5th article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution of the Unitfd States."
Mr Walker said he ha i no difficulty in voting
for th  repeal, so far as to dissolve the alliance be-
tween the Bank and th3 Government, and to esta-
blish in lieu of i' the indedendent Treasury, or any
other fiscal agent which may be found wise and
calutary indeed, this principle of repeal thus far,
is admitied in the Dill as it now stands, and could
not bedtnied .vithoat d nying to the people the
unquestionable right of receiving, keeping, and
disbursing the public moneys in such manner as,
from tune to time, may be desired by Congress,
and this r gbt could not be alienated, for it was a
sovereign right, and not a matter of prirate con-
tract There were rights oí property, however,
arising incidentally under this bill, that could not
be divc-tedby this repeal, and this is admitted by
the exception a'ready made n iavor of the loans
therein specified Now as this exception was spe
cified, and no ciher, tne passage ot the amendment,
m this form, might be construed into the assertion
of a power to confi cate other rights of property
equall) incapable of divestituie, except in the
mode prescribed by the Constitution, and therefore
Mr W desire 1 these embraced in the amendment
Mr BENTON said there was no repeal bill now
before the Senate The amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio went no further than to assert
the broad principle of the right cf Con resa> to re-
peal. Whenever the ques'ion of repeal comes up,
such provisions as are necessary for ihe care ot
private interesa can be inserted in the bill, and the
object of the S nator fiom Mississippi can be thus
attained. But, in confirmation of the course m
tended to be pursued by those who are determined
that this Bank charter shall be repealed, he should
rpad ftom a very celebrated speech made by a
distinguished Senator m 1811, who s now a Sena-
tor in this chamber, the i( Homing passaee
"When gentlemen are c'aimmg the advantage supposed to be
dcducible liom acquiescence, tet me mquiie wtiatlhey would
have had those to have done, v,he believed the establishment
of the Bank an encroachment upon the tetate Rights? Were
thev to have resisted, and how'i Bv force Upon the change
of parlies m 1800, it must be welt recollected itiat the greatest
calamiue weie preiicud as consequent es of that event In
tenti ns weie ascribed to the new occupants of power of vio
lating the public faith aid ptostrating national credit Undei
such circumstances that they should act with great circum
spection, was quite natural The} sasv in full operation a
Bank, chartered by a Congress who hadas muchrlghtto judge
of then constitutional powers as then s iccessois Had they
revoked the law which gave it existence the institution would,
in allpiobability, have continued to transact business notwith
standing The judiciary,wouId have been appealed to, and from
the known opimonsandpiedilectionsoflhejudgesthen compos
ins n, they would have pronounced the act of tncorpoiation as m
the natuie ol a contract, beyond the repealing power ol any
succeeding Legi lature And, sir, what a scene of conlll ¡on
would such a slate of things have presented an act t1 C nngiess
which was law in the statute book and a nullity on the judicial
records Was it not widest to wait the natural dissolution of
of the corporation rathei than accelerate th it event by a re
pealing ¡aw, involving so man; delicate considerations^"
He (Mr Bunion) held that Con¿re*-s had the ful'
power of repeal, and that it was with Congress al-
together a question of discretion, a question oí pru-
dence and wisdom, whether it should exercise !ha«
power. In relation to the Bank charter now about
to be forced upon the country, he held that it was a
duty of ihe Democracy to go to work at once, and,
seizing the monster at its birth, to hold on to it un-
til they destroy it or it destroys them.
Tbe question was then taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment to the amendment, which was rejected
without a division; and th  question then being on
the amerdment of Mr. Tappan, this was rejected
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Ctithbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tap¡ an,
Williams,   Woodbury,   Wright,   and   Young—
21.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay cf Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Headerson, Huntington,  Ker,
Maugum, Merrick, MiUer, Morehead, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, While, and Wood-
bridge—28.
Mr KING meved to m«ert at page 31, a pro-
hibition ot loans to heads of Departments, &c.
He showed that the President of the United States
having the power of ordering at his disctetion an
inquiry into the affairs of the Bank, should be
free from any suspicion of unwillingness to make
that order, ía case he should himse'f be indebted to
the institution The Secretary of the Treasury
bein  the Executive officer on the part of the Go-
vernment to make such inspection, should also be
freed ftom suspicion. The Attorney General, who
would have (o act in any event of grounds fpr is-
suing a scire facias against the institution, should
ha^e no bias m favor of delay Tbe Judges of
the Supreme Court, who would have to pronounce
judgment i n questions of forfeiture of the charter
brought before them, should not be under obliga-
tions to the institution. Chief Justice Marshall
liad felt the impropriety of deciding on questions
affecting the late United States Bank while hold-
ing stock in it, and sold out what he had, before
trying its cause He (Mr King) should call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALKER (who had been absent a few
minutes) said, he had just gone to the library for
a book he had left there, and on his return, found
his amendment to the amendment had been nega-
tived without a call for tbe yeas and nays. It wa*
his intention to ask the yeas and nays on his mo-
dification. He should have been glad, had it been
adopted, to vote for the amendment of the Senator
fiotu Ohio.
The quemón was then taken on the amend-
ment, which was negatived as follows:
YE4S—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay oí Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hen-
derson, King, Linn, McRober s, Mouion, Nichol-
son, Pierce, Sevier, Smuh of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bate3, Bay-
ard, Ber len, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,Mer-
rick, Mil er, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Premiss,
Pristen, Rive*, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, 1allm?dge, Whiie, and Woodbridge—27,
Mi KING said he now rose to propose to bolh
sides lo drop off all further amendments, and let
the qie.>lon cf engrossing tbe bill for Us third  
reading be taken without further delay. The whole
merits of the measure would be open for discus-
sion on the quesiion of the third reading
Mr. MOREHEAD said he had some observa-
tions to make on the general merits of tbe measure;
but observing that it was now late, he would move
an adjournment
Mr KING suggested to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Morhhead,] as ihe amendments were
completed, to suffer the bill now to be engrossed to
a th rd reading, as this would cut off further
amendments that might arise to hinder the bill, and
on the question of the third reading of the bill ihe
while subject would be open fur discussion He
was prepared to take the vote on the engrossment
now, and thus they would be enabled sooner to
take the vote on Us final passage
Mr CLAY expressed his great thankfulness for
the zeal displa>ed on the other side to proceed
for hwith to the question of engrossment, but he
had a proposition to make, too, which he hoped
might meet with some favor from the gentlemen
opposite. It was to take a little time to read over
the bill as amended In a measure of so much
magnitude as this, it would at least be prudent to
study a little whether it may not be necessary
to add one or two mere amendments. He would
be prepared to-morrow morning to offer such as he
m ght find to he necessary. The gentlemen might
feel assured that they would be gratified by having
an opportunity of voting on the third reading at 12
o'clock to-morrow. He would propose to them to
decide all amendments to be offered without dis-
cission, and to take the question without debate at
12 o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the country would now
