have no íear bat one, and to say wha'ever he
tn ught true, and necessary to b- said. Oa this,
qae tion of direct taxation he had no opinion—
n tie to give—*ie wai  here in a minority, and tot
responsible ¡or the c. urse of ihe Government, nor
likely to b , unless souse veiy extraordinary contin-
gency should happen [A laus^i ] But within the
law lew d<sys a latiuguished fteutieman else-
where, [Vh Bayard,] woo was \ix hnbii  ot inti-
macy with another still more distinguished, once
p esidtn¿ ex ijficio in 111  H ube, and no v ex oalke
dra in «moihei, had taken >ae ground that wiihout
a s'amp ia* on bank notes, thu Government could
not be wed administered. On that point Mr I
gave no op mon—he had none to give—but here
was one 01 tne most odious forran of d'rect taxa-
tion publ cly avowed as absolutely necessary to a
right adjustment of the currency.
So in this House, a highly re pectable gentleman
from Vermont [Mr Everett] had advocated wph
tiie «ame openness a tax upon auctions, as another
drop m (he modern panacea Mr I hid nothing
to say, for or against it [A. laugh ]• But this he
would «ay, if all was true which had been said by
the highly respectable gentleman, all friends of the
present Administration, who had occtip ed the floor
both yesterday and to day, [V!r Irwin, Mr Bar-
nard, Mr. Everett, Mr. Winthrop, and Mr.
Saltonstíll] and if the compromise act was to
continue, they would find it difficult to shew how
the Government was to get on without resorting to
direct taxes. By th s he meant not a land tax, bu'
internal duties. It twenty five millions a ysar was
to be the ordinary ]og trot expenditure of this Go
vernment, he did not sec how it s"as to be admin s-
tered without them Did this Admimst ation think
that by ¡-ubstitutwg a Bank for taxes, it cou'd gpt
along? Tb*i was tr.ed in Pennsylvant,, and a
miserable tailure it proved. Or would they live
by borrowing? Tnat, too, was tn d m tha' Sute
with no better success. And i' cblig d to ie*cit to
them, would they besitate? He could not btl eve
it The course of the Government had induced
Mr I to look at the appeal, in 1817, of Presidí nt
Manro*, to repeal the internal taxes, and he found
that the five negatives to the vo e on that occasion
were Judge Baldwin, Judge Ilopkinson, Governor
Middleton, Mr. Storrs, and Mr. Jeremiah Nelson.
For one, he honored m°n who thus had shown the
manly independence, in the face of a Presiden ial
recommendation, and m vie<^ of all the unpopula-
rity oí the measure, to refuse to destroy a sys'em
wrrcb, at some future day, might become indispen-
sable.
Mr I. had earned from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means that ihe expense
of collecting the revenue was at tms time about
twelve per cent, and the gentleman from Massa
chusetts [Mr Saltokstall] had said that, while
theievenue was decreasing, the expense of collect-
ing it had nearly doubled Now Mr I. would
state that the expense ot collecting the internal du-
t fs, w,th all (he officers and machinery indispen-
sable to such an operation, did not exceed five per
cent The custom-house collections on the ceun-
try the salaries of 2 0Ü0 offic is, while t'-o e under
the system ot d'rect internal taxes, both the lard
tut and ihe whiskey tax, and all other taxes, cost
but ihe satenes of 400 officers, and he would affirm
that bo h the stamp Ux and tie auction tax could
be co'lected by fifty men. The cubtom house offi-
cers were said to be very active politicians, but oa
that he give no opinion, not even respecting one in
his own district, who was said to go a little be>ond
the ordinary line
Mr. I would «ay to the friends, oi a ceitam great
man wto now 1st id the most conspicuous stanon
(out of the Presidential cnair) in the Union, and
who had the powei of leguUtion in their hands,
that they must ei her bjrrow more niurey, or im-
pose m'ernal du us, or break lie compromise act,
both i i its spun and its letter.
Here Mr. I went on to remaik, m refei-nc  to
the difference between internal taxes and imposts
on foreign importations, that it was a principle ap-
plicab'e a< well to States as to individual*, ¡bat the
pos«ession of property pa without trouble usually
led to extravagance and debt If the Administra-
tion resorted to internal taxes, the responsibility of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rep e entadves to their cons itaents would be mfi
nifly grca tr than it pre ent.
Mr"I. had h teued with eiifieation to the speech
of Mr Adam  in reference lo the execution, or ri-
t^cr the perpetra ion cf the comprimí e ac ; but he
hid been taken by surprise, and hardty kntw what
'o do or what to think. That compromise was ef
fected by ihe hith he% 1% the two peaks of the great
protective and null fica ion p&rues, wi'hout any ac-
tive ag'ncy cf d her the Executive oi the grrater
pa't ot tt>e legisla ive bodies. It se'tled a tunb'e
quest oi, and had heen piodurtive of most desira-
ble resu ts tn saving ihe Union from civil stnfe
Tne great question wa*, what influence was 'o be
given to it? Mr I hardly knew Mr I would en-
deavor to bring about that stale of nmgs when all
industry, manufacturing, agt cultural, commercial,
and na\isat on, should enjoy sieady employment,
with gnod, by which he meant h gh wages, pa d in
hard moae\, for wages paid in any other enmotbe
h gh, or good, or adequa'e It is absurd to sup-
pose so—the pulcliemiio popuhjastiqia, the pa'ay
prosperity to which thu cuu'itry, above all others,
i  enli'led, when wsll governed,
Mr. I considered thi measures and discussions
of this session trie most suoitantial homage to the
last Admin stratum. If, in addition to us curren-
cy troubles, it wss S3 straitened in resources, as
now msis'ed by the majority, very considerable ta-
lent was indispensable to adm nistermg Govern-
ment, and comply wi h 'ts requirements Mr J
had received a kind let'er lately irom the epicure-
an^erithman in retirement at Kmderhook, who
was busy and happy ia raisng fine cabbages
there. He bad desired Mr I to pre ent his om-
pt'ments to his fneids m the. Hjuse, which Mr I
did not know hosv to do b tt-^r t1 an lo g°t the cleik
to read it to a 1 he n ernsets, for he believed that Mr
Van Burenbad not an enemy here If the chair-
mai of the Comm ttee o> Ways and Means would
call at ICii dc hcoir, onh* way I   ie, afer his
exo oits at this extraordinary 'ession, no dtubt th11
late President will ertutan him wi h excellent
sourcrout, and a content which Mr. Fillmore
will not erjoy  him«>lf
Mi I said Le could not for his life understand
the "luxury" tf tea and coffe. He supposed it
was much lite that of " li water on & very 1 ot
dav For couli h  T a' u: un'ei t'nd t .e idea o* a
'•temporary action" oi «uch a subject as the tariff.
It was some'hmg like the phrase, a "temporary
death " The Government might pass a law that
a man should be dead for a certfin number ot
jears, and then dug up atid °alvan z d into h e
asain Afer a branch of manufacture was pros-
tra ed, the hand* dispersed, 'he ma hmery eaten by
rust, the owner  b oke, the Gove nment might call
these things together by an act, but would that
bring them together agim? The id"aappeared *ohim
an absurdity. And ss to retalia ory duties, the bill
give France three weeks' nofc to repeil her
laws! And as to this sort offish action, reduc-
ing all taxes to 20 per cent it surpassed Dr Frank-
lin's riea of sajmg grace over the whole bxrrel of
fish at once E en the h norable chairman htm-
c-elf could not tell on whit the i ill would opera'e
Nor (ilnojgh Ihe bles, ed optrafon of the one-
hour rule) would he have any op lortumty to re-
ply or to explain, ihoush he ran t have been com-
pletely riddled by toe canno'iíote oí so many of In
political tnends, who sa ¡>l| roan 1 him He woul I
not b a! owed to HI tb  How e how tea and su-
gar wre ' Uxu íes," whi'e statuary enaravr.gs,
antiqi' 8% and gems, w re ' ncc-'iit'i-u of lite "
Mr I here a^k d iihat wa the cancer thegai-
grene tnat was i.iidprmin'n" o ir wno e industrial
syst m m the Uniled tottte ' It was iluctua' on,
perpetual chinge, oonsunt uncertainty. The same
thing effected manractu''es thot affjcte 1 currenc,,
wha both wanted w«s sieadmess, uci'ormity, cer-
tainty. The Sícre'ai y o' the Treasury, and cha r
m¡tn of the Wa^s ard Means (not the American
Government) by this b 11 acted ¡¡lie ihe American
savasjescnTiihe'' by Montesquieu, who, wi en they
wanted the fruit on a tree, ihfy ¡ir t cut down the
tree and then gathered ?nd a*e ihe fruit Dip gentle-
men think they could d strc-y ihe tariff for a Utile
while only? The sou -ce=, of national prosperity
though they might suffer some changes and flsctu-
5
$6$
ations, were m their nature perennial, and they
could not be des'royed and then restored at plea-
sure. If Mr- I were a rnotaiant enemy of
this Admmistiation, he would say pass the bill
at thu session, as a party man, he could aik no-
thing better
Mr I next adverted to the declaration once
mad* by Mr Webster in the Senate, that there
must be a tax upon t'nnch silks and f renoh wines.
This was a very popular tax, but it ought to be
resisted, and the truth plain y told. A geHtleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] was not content
with layin? 20 per cent on these silks and wine*,
he would go as far as 30 unless Fiance should
lamed ately rep-al her regie. If the gentleman
knew any long of ihe facts, he neirer would have
taken such ground. It was just as reasonable as
it wauld be Kr a member of the French Chamber
of Deputies to say he never would consent to have
any commerce with tfc--United S'ates unless all
the men in Ken ucky shon d at once ceave to chew
t ibacco The tax on tobacco was an inveterate
Government monopoly, and so had been for cen-
turies, he would see in Paris a shop for snuff at
every few yards. The Government rested on it,
and could not change it Old Governments hke
those of continental Europe could not alter their
systems with a nod as we could here. They had
immense military establishments to keep up, and
their taxfs were comparatively fixed and unaltera-
ble He knew that retaliatory duties had been a
favorite idea with Hamilton, and that Mr. Jeffer-
sin and Mr Madison had recommended them in
1794
Much had been said on subject of free trade;
but on tha' subject he w u d take the liberty of
reiding an extract f om a Sia e paper of the h gh-
eat authority, and which c nuuned withm a short
space a conttn ra'ion of ihe nob'est and most com-
p ehénsive ieatiments that he had ever seen
grouped together The document was the work of
Fianklm and ol Turg t, (the author, by the bye,
of a work on national wealth, irom wh.ch Adam
Smitu had drawn almost all ihe substance of his
famous book. It was ihe first American treaty,
the noo'est oi all treaties, preceedmg American in-
dependence, tbe firs' «if he victory of Saratoga.
' His h j-it Chi fan M«} sty and the s iü TJmtetf States have
judged that the "aid erd could not be better obtained than by
taking lia the basis of theiragreement, the most perfect equa-
lity and recipiocity and by caicfully avoiding all ttsose bur-
densome piuerentes vfhicli aie us ally °ources ol debate,em-
batrasement, and discontent, by leaving also each paity at li-
beity to make, re&pecting commeice and navigation, those in-
teuor regulations which H shall find most convenient to uself,
and by fou ding tii'advanug" of commeice solely upon reci-
procal uuht> an 1 the just rales ol fieeintercour e, reserving
w thai to each pirty the Ubeity of admitting, at us pleasure,
olher nations to a pai ucipauon of the same advantages "
A'hese weie the great principies ot Iree trade—
then, for ¡he first time, announced to the woild, in
who e ears thf>y mu t have sounded strange and
new. Gentlemen might read Adam Smith till
the r head>ac«ied, and never fin! more than was
her  summed up in half a dozen lines ia that
treaty
But here gentlemen were for going at once into
a «¡or with France. Not, indeed, a war with
arms, bu', wnat was worse, a war of retaliation-—
a war without military gloiy—and ye-t with all the
burdensome expense of the most extended military
opera'ions We had now, at la t, come to a
friendly understanding with that areat power; and
should it so happen tha'we h mid come into col-
lision wnb anothrr ol the iormidaHe powers of
Europa, wh-^re v-, re we to get armed steam ships,
and ships of the hue, soonest and cheapest?
Where but at Brest and Tou'c"? Where also
oár vessels might repair and reh 1 Where but
at Brest and Tou! tíi By friendship wiih France
we could command advantages that would be more
to i,. tnan all our lortificatiors and aP our home
squadrons, though he had no obj c ton to these
also, and had voted to sustain th m Yet all these
adviintag*« we were to sacrifice for the sake of a
million of dollars.
The gentleman frem New Ynik [Mr. Fillmoee]
with a naveete which was quite abusing, seemed
to suppose that, because we laid a certain duty on
French sdks and Fiench wines, we were oí course
to get the whole of this duty into the Treasury.
Why, did the gentlcmaa ever chance t  hear of
