£66
such a person as one Dirck Hatteraic'O The duty
would operate as a mere bounty on smuggling.
Did he not know that in France there was a regular
tariff on ?raugglii g as well as that imposed by Go-
vernment! For five or six percent, .here were
persons who would undertake to deliver any goods
he wanted. Yet, with the simplicity of a child, he
seemed to count on the duty as all sure to the
Treasury.
Hsre the hour elapsing, Mr. 1. resumed his seat.
Mr. PICKENS said he rose under great discou-
ragement, to speak lo a great and important sub-
ject affecting deeply the interests of great masses
of our population, under a rule which trammelled
the freedom of debate and prevented every thing
like full discussion. The bill was to be lahen out
of committee to-morrow, and umii within r n hour
its friends had occupied the floor ever since it had
been under dh-cussion. liven it? friends felt the
miserable operation of the rule which would pre-
clude them from explaining or supporting the.
amendments they wished to offar. Never had an
important tax bill parsed through the House in so
short a time.
The outlines of the bill h?d been given in the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, who had
proposed a temporary revision of the tariff, ;uid the
impositienof a duty of 20 per cent, on all articles
either free of duty or taxed under that amount.
The bill had been passed through a committee and
reported to the House, and now it waa to be passed
as a ih'ng of course, on the miserable, contempti-
ble plea that the people had decided on the mea-
sure, and all that Congtess had to do was to K-gu'er
their edct. Was ibis wise and d'goified Ugiilr-
tiori? Mr. P. bad no objection to a revision of th< 
tariff, but let it be a lull and fair revisión. L"t
not Congress be occup'td with a temporary revi-
sion when, in a ytMi's, time, the «hole subject must
undergo anew examination.
The distinguished gentleman from lYnns; lv.tnia
[Mr. Ingersoll] who had just tulteu his m<v, h.d
presented to the committee a.i uvjny iiii} ortact
points on which he had no opinion, a  i'.lr. f\ hid
ever heaid in all his lite büoie. [A laugh.] Ee
thought he understood some of the gentlemen's ob-
jects, and he had approached them most rdroitly.
Several gentlemen I rom the North had stated the
probable effects of this bill on ihe peculiar interests
of their own di-tricts; hut. should Mr. P. attempt, in
like manner, to show lu.w injuriously it would af-
fect Ihe interests he repreprcented, he should at
once be sssa led with cite., that le was sp ak n<
again.t the Union and a;.ai'i,M 'he Cons i!u io!¡; ¡.rid
a thousand demai>!guos would lestarl'y ¡cho the
oy from onstnd oí the .lotiníiy 10 trie other. ÍVÚ\
P. denounced this as a nitre appeal to stc'ionel
prejudice. When these gertlerneu spoke of ihe
bill as destructive to the t.iriif interest, why were
tbey no: taunted, rts he had been, witw opposing the
Union? Not a word had been said to them ; but
when he pleaded for the rigats oí productive labor,
Ho well as those of capital, he was to be hunted
down by demasogues.
Mr. P. new referred to the course of the debate
yesterday. All the gendemen who had spoken de-
nied the binding force of the compromise act. Was
this the doctrine of ihe party m power? Mr. P.
had wished to hear from Kentucky, that lie might
discover whether ihi . had been de.e.'nuncd ia cm-
clave. Toe struggle voeld bo severe to bung
bjck the system" "of 1825, ';!8, a  1 '33. The
fact could t,'> longer be d'.-gu'sed; and gc".-
t'emen might prepare them-elves fur the coi-
flict. He saw plainly t: at this bill was to
be pasied by, and that all :he g-eat questions
of the tariff policy wot Id be ag.-.u thrown open
as thongs the «.■}r,;innr),s<? act nad no exis'enoe.
Was ibis fair? In 1833-8, when the last Admi-
nistration had taken p"SM'S*,«n i f power, it was
determined that the revenue must be reduced; but
Mr. P. liad at that time insisted that, though there
was a surplus, the compromise act w?s not lifbily
to be touched, and that it would ¡herefoie be better
to forbear and let that act iu.i its course. Gentle-
men on the other side had then come up and con-
gratulated him on his speech; for they had a'reidy
received the benefit of that act for four years. Then
his doctrine was ail right and proper; but now,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
when the Sjoih came to enjoy i's ?ht<re of the be-
nefit, they tool, the other side, and '-he. compromise
was as nothiui. One gentleman had sid that
twentv-tight millions would b? needed to ciry on
the Government: another, that twenty.eeven;
another, that twenty-five; and in this last opinion
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingbrsoll]
agreed. And, as this sum could sot be raised with-
out dutie'.over 20 per cent, the coaiprcmi-e must
be set aside. Unil lately Mr. P. had not been pre-
pared for this; he had exp-ctcd that at least the
general spirit of that act would be carried out in
the legislation of Congress; hut he now ss.w that the
who!-: tariff question must be met in all us length
and breadth.
Mr P. now referred to a sp ech of Mr. Cofiiinc,
in which lie had spoken of the dogmas of theSonth,
and had said that if they were to be insisted on,
the North must threw heiself into the arms of the
great West, where there wcrs no degmss in the
way. Mr. P. insisted that this was. an insult to the
West—implying that the had no principles, and
was on the shamble?, ready to be bought by any
who would bid b'gh enough. Was'his to be the
ground of sct'on? If so, he wished to know it.
The South was prepared for any issue gentlemen
thought proper to press.
Mr. P. declared that he was not unfriendly to
the intere-tsol the North; he. was actuated by no
mean j-alonsy of Northern wealth and prosperiti:
he knew they were wealthy; that the Northern and
Middle States were able to bay out the South; but
so far from viewing this with an evil eye, he re-
joiced and triumphed in it ar on Americr-n. He
looked forward r>nh gtai'-fieaiion and pride to tl-e
tiav when she wiuld be able lo competa wi'h
G.eat ftnljon m every matket of t!:<i world. Bin
 vhe:: the North as''ed an uon-ilural and nncon.-ii-
tuiion;.! protection from the Federal Goyernmen',
he should always oppose the demand. Give him a
just re whit: bill, and the S >uih would never ootn-
pla;u. He desired to raise revenue in «ruh a man-
m r as not to injure the vested rights of the North.
Let the bill be confined bona fide to revenup, and he
ha I no objection so to modify it as to gire inct "en-
tal protection to Northern intereits; he was ra'her
in fa'.-or of it. But if a bill was to lay tax's chit fly
f.'f the purpose of protection, then he should at
onee take the opposite extreme, and insist on rais-
ing the revenue solely (rom articles die growth and
manufacture of foreign countries. This, htntenr,
wa.s no' his desin ; he preferred a fair average.
Me. IRWIN hero itiqu;red uhelher ¿Mr. P. was
willing to d.s.'ni'imste n duties so as 10 arieid
proteo ¡on within 20 per cent.?
«It. P. replied hat he was, provided the revenue
to he raised was such as would meet only the eco-
n-mical wants of the G .vernrnent. He would dis-
criminate on some anieles. He was not for push-
ing the abittact principle for which he con'ended
to extremes in practice; he would di-eria.inate.
But if gcutifm^n wanted to rai.;c three-fourths of
the whole revenue on articles which competed with
our own producís and manufactures, and leave all
the ai doles fie  which the manufacturers used, he
coniideied then rs asking for what wa> unfair.
To a just mediumcourse he was willing to sgree;
bjt he would not go for any duty be}ond 20 per
ccn'.—'he limit of ihe comprotnec.
If gentlemen asked him what tax he considered
in itself the most equa', ids reply w-nld be en in-
come tax; that he thought the wisest end most
ju.si, but h- knew the.!, hi the circumstancs of
dd? country such a tax vets no! to b% looked fo".
Toe ?entlemtn fro.j Vermont [Mr. Evkrett] hed
iatiaiavd that the nianuf?<-turs did not vaat a'high
lanff, provided they ceuht cxclsde ai-cien rales.
Tins rms the source which flooded thecoun'iy wi h
the surplus manufdctun s of Europe; nod, as a
remedy, the gem!e::..in had proposed a tax unon
.-.uelions. Ia that measure, Mr. P. -, -ould join fiim
heart and hand; he was prepared to divide tl.e du-
ty, pulling ten per cent, on auctions and t-n per
cent.on goods impoited. Mr P. wss utterly tp-
poscd to the auction system, as going to bring
down our own manufactura"- to a level with the
wretched operatives of Ruropean workshops.
But he doubted if Ihe gentleman's plan could be
carried into effect; he objected to the home valua-
■i  -■■• i i-ii i -a i•<if"-f"**•'' «iimtfinnwl tii^wBiTifWrtWiTi-i'^wmnMiiiaja nfiWiiUhmagi
tion, as it makes duties lower at some points than
at others, thereby causing the whole importation of
the country  to lake place at those points.   Under
such a system the taxes "would not be uniform, and
the Constitution must be sacrificed.   The gentle-
man had drawn a glowing picture of the future;
and had warned the cotton growers of the South
of the danger of losing the home market in conse-
quence of   Ihe  competition of  South  America,
Egyp', and the East Indies.    But Mr. P. had not
loigotien that the same appeal, the same warning,
bad been pressed upon them in 1823, '29, and '32
Gentlemen  seemed to consider their neighbors o
the South as in utter darkness, and wholly unin-
formed as to   their   own   inteiests.    He   wouil
state one  fact.    In 1828, 700,000 bags of cottm
were raised and s, Id  at from   seven to nine cens
,•   pound, «hile in-  1839, two millions of   ba;s
were raised, which averaged twelve cents.    Tis
very year, Mr. P. had sold for ten cents anda
quarter.    Did this look l.be glutting the markt?
No.    All   Ihe   Soulh asked   wss   for free trds
and an open market.   Give her  these, and as
never would ask for bounty or protection.   Oic-
balf the people of Europe had r.ot yet begun o
consume cotton, and two thirds of all the cotta
goods manufactured m Englard were con?t:med i
the island itself.   Now, if one-half the Europea
population consumed two millions of bags, wht
would be the state of the market when not only te
oilier half of Eur  pe, but all Soudi America ad
ihe Esst Indies came to use cotton manufacturs?
All the South asked, he repeated it, was a free trae
to all the world.   He rejoiced in the consumptin
oí our own  home manuiacturrs,  and hop?!  ¡te
day would come when they would be shipp? to all
tiievvoill.    What the manufacturers of tb Nonh
i,i«did most was a tixed csirency, and t be fr:e
froai th.: expansions and ctntracuoss vdeh the
money power of Gmat Britain could  ar>upen. at
pleasure.
Ilwe Mr. P. went in'o some stateme's as to
the effect of a paper currency irnmeiaiely on
prices-, and ultimately upon protcc io itself: it
would confine the msnufacturers to outown mar-
ket. In support of this view he insiste upon ihe
fact that in 1834, '5, and '6, ihe expordrom New
E'igland had doubled and quadruple while ia
1824, '5, '6, '7, and '8, they had expend little or
nothing. In the one case they had fe trade, in
the other they had protection. He t-n argned to
shoov ihat ihe ultimate effect of protiion must be
lo make ihe maouitetnrers depende slaves to the
iVcalGoveinneU. An end h'f"d free ttade
fo.tered the interes'S of ail paiKolhe Union; let
co-nmí-ree, men,  p,ead her wr gs trie four winds
and bring b-ck on her expanded ! exuberant
bosom the pn due's of every cl.n- This was the
system which con.ported with ta^P'"1 °f lne Epe.
When ihe gon'leman from jys&achusetts [Mr.
Adamo] bad contended that ih^fiif question was
a contest of free labor again? si?-"e labor, that
distinguished and venerable gek'man had stooped
to play a second part to ihe iserable, coiiicmpti-
belnsh falang-'vhanger, Dael O'Counell. Let
England, if she dare, a-iemt h=r proscription of
ihe producís oí slave labor,As soon as she did
so, the continent ot Euro would take them.
G.ntlerrun who echoed sue  *>y kr*ew nothing of
tie irue philosophy of theil?itl1 B. hat yielded 'o
mdigt.ant prejudices, wb*  binded their better
I udginem. Mr. P. liisis'ehat the trise contest lay
b'iween the enlightened drit of the present age
and the bondage of the c'tk a^ei. He went in'o
an argument to show thi the efc-et of ptotectioa
was hostile to the mines! of thtlaborcr, so that
the con'ett was between he iree wages of labor
and the profits of capital
Mr. P. in the next p&cs went .to a statis'icil
caleul-tior , in which he showed t> eíTeets of alter-
ing the system of drawback^, a^ insisted that
the drawbacks vciild be reeled, and also
the expen-'e of col'ee.tion, an that the re-
venue shall yield :v.eij'y-four subus. if the pub-
lic lands were ¡o be added, the sount would be
raised to twenty-seven and a ha millions. And
.was not that more than enongivr an economical
adminisiration of this Governmi?
Mr. Monroe's admmistration.'ith an income of
