S68
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and as for w nes, grapes were as plenty as apples
there—and cidi'r might as well be called a luxury.
Mr. McKEON opposed the bill on the ground
that it was unnecessary as a measure of revenue.
He took the admission of his colleague [Mr. Bar-
hard] that there would, on the 1st of July next, be
a balance of foar millions of dollars ia the Treasu-
ry as the baas of bis course on the bill. This was
the admission of a friend of the present Adminis-
tration, and the people of this country would cer-
tainly be astonished to find themselves oppressed
with additional taxes by an Administration whose
leading friends admitted there was a sufficient
amount of money in the Treasury for the opera-
tions of the Government. He trusted that this Ad-
ministration would perform their promises to
the country. It promised refrenchment, but he
was fearful, from the remarks he had heard,
thre would be an increase instead of diminution of
expenses. He then referred to tables of expenses
of the last four years, and pointed out reductions
which could be made without any injury tq. ih 
public service. He then estimated the reveaue of
the austoms, under a proper revi.  ion of the tariff,
and public lands, and showed ihey would yield
eighteen or twenty millions of dollars, the amount
he proposed as the extent of expenditutes. He a'-
luded to the opinions he had expressed a few days
since in relation to direct taxation, as being one of
the modes oí laismg revenue. It chocked extrava-
gant expenditures—operated more equitably on the
laboring classes or the country, and did not take out
of the pockets of the producers millions logo into the
coffers of capitalists. He read from a report of
Mr. Carnbreleng, made in 1836, in which it was
stated that the people paid by indirect taxation in
one year, thirty-seven millions ol dollars to the
capitalist* by taxes, besides twenty million? to the
Government. Who would propose a direct tax of
thirty-seven millions on the people to give to any
men with exclusive privilege-? Not a man. And
yet they took that amount indirectly eut of thtir
ha>"d labor industry in one year. He asked who
would propuse to take three or four millions out
of the public Treasury and give it to ihe States,
and then tax directly the people to raise that
arncunt? Not a member. And yet that wes done
indirectly by the land distribution bill He ex-
pressed only his own opinions in favor of internal
duties. He thanked the gemleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ingkrsoll] for the phrase. He hoped
gentlemen would make the issue with him<elf and
the gentleman Iron  South Carolina, [Mr. Rhftt,]
and not the Democratic paity. He believed ihit
the people would untiers'and their own interest •,
and prefer to p.sy twenty dollar* directly to thirty
dollars indirectly- He then showed the oppressive
effects of this tariff  y •item on Ihe agricultural inte-
rests of trie nation. He alluded 10 the immense
ioleres's of the Union, iis commerce, and that it did
not become the House to cripple its eneróle?. Bat
when steam had bridged the Atlantic, they should
not put toll gates at their end of the bridge, and
opp ess our own people. He showed the fallacy
of th: balince of trade, and amongst other ua-
tistics, produced a statement of the trade between
France and the United Stales for fourteen years
past.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor.
Whereupon the committee rose, reported pro-
gress, and obtained leave to sit again.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN then mo/ed to rtcons-der
the vote of yesterday by which ihe resolution pro-
viding that the revenue bill be taken eu: of com-
mittee at 12 o'clock to-morrow, (Fnday,) was
adopted.
Pending this motion—
The House adjourned.
IN SEN ATS,
Friday, July 30, 1841.
At twenty inmutes before 11 o'clock the Senate
was called to order—present Messrs. Allen, Ben-
ton, Bayard, Buchanan, Calhoun, CuoA-i-e, Clay
of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Ful-
ton, Huntington, Kino, Linn, Modton, Miller,
Nicholson, Prentiss, Sbvier, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Smith of Indiana, ¡Storoeon, Tappan, Wal-
kbe, White, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial of citizens
of New Orleans, remonstrating against the passage
of a bill now before theSena'e to ex'end the limits
of the port of New (Mean*: the memorial was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying Congress to exercise
its constitutional power in passing a bankrupt law;
the memoria' was laid on the table.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the memorial of
Charles    . Keller; which was laid on the table.
Mr. ALLEN submitted a resolution to rescind
the rule of the Senate, which requires thai the
doors be closed while in Executive session, exept
in cases when they ate engagnd on treaties; which
lays over one day.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the pint resolu-
tion for the disir.bution of seven hundred copies of
the Digest of Pa'enrs was taken up, and after
some explanation, was passed.
BANKS IN THE DISTRICT.
The bill to incorporate the Bink of the Metro-
polis, ihe Ba'.k of Washingion, and the Patriotic
Bank of Washingion, m the city of Washington;
the Farmers and Mechanics' Sank of Georgetown,
in Georgetown; and the Fanners'Bank of Alex-
andria, and the Bank of Potomac, in the town oí
Alexandria, was taken up, the question being on-
an amendment to authorize them to pay out aid
circulate the notes of suspended banks until the 1st
of March, 184-2.
Mr. WRIGHT said, this was by no means a
new subject in theSena'e. He noticed yesterday
what he had ofien noticed before, that the discus-
s on was carried on as if the proposition was
against- thee banks receiving the notes of non-
specie paying institutions, whereas, that was not at
all the question atissue. He had noticed, during
the reading of the provision by the Chair this
morning, that the prohibition intended by the
aiiendmen', now sought to be stricken out, was
against the paying out by those banks of irredeema-
ble paper, and not in rela'ion to the receiving of
it by tne banks. The amendment of the Senator
fiom Missouri was to prevent these banks from
pay:ng out paper absolutely and declaredly irre-
deemable. It seemed singular, after forcing
through this body a National Bank, to regulate
the currency, the professed and boas.ed object of
which is, to abate and finally drive out of ihe
couniryall iiredoemable paper, ¡he same gen'lemen
who urged so prominently and de'erminedly thisob-
jeet, should now be found with equal zeal and ear-
neitnes.-i exerting all their powers to call into exis-
tence six local banks in this District, for ihe avowed
purpose of enabling ihem to ci'culate paper coi their
own, but of other institutions, which avow they are
not prepared lo redeem their issues, and will not
redeem them. These District banks are to be
chartered on the delusive condition of redeeming
their own issues in specie; while, at the same life,
they are to be protected against suit, and liabili-
ty to siit, by issues of no'es, not their own, for ih:;
payment of which they are not liable, and which
neither they nor any one else will pay in specie.
They are to be authorized to circulate the irre-
deemable currency of all the surrounding f'tate^;
and consequently will not circuhie their own
notes in preference, because they would have to re-
deem them in specie.
These District banks have paid CoDgress a visit
almost every session for the last six or ?.even year?,
for the purpose of obtaining renewal* of their
chatters for short periods, the genilemen on
the other side always voting in their favor
on every question. They declared, each tiiie
they voted, that it was the last vete of the kind
they would give—something must be done to pro-
duce soundness hefore the exp'ration of the short
charters at each ume granted- This was the third
Congress in which be had noiiced this course. He
had thought the charters of these banks had expired
two jears ago on the fourth day of this month, and
that now the whole two year,-, allowed ihem to close
their affairs and finally wind up, had entirely ex-
pired, but he learned that but one of those years
had in fact expired on the fourth of the present
month. When the question of recharter of th:se
banks came up in 1837, it was urged as an unan-
swerable argument, that while all the other institu-
tions of the country were in a state of f-uspension,
it would be unjust to require these banks to resume
and sustain specie payments—it would be time
enough to ask them lo pay when the New York
and Eastern banks resumed. Well, the New York
and Eastern banks did resume; and ihen it was urged
that these District banks should not be required to
make specie payments while the banks of the
neighboring Spates were in suspension—wait till
the banks of Philadelphia resumed. There would
then be a sound and wholesome currency. The
Philadelphia banks, and the banks of the neighbor-
ing States, continue in a state of suspension—hs
District of Columbia is flooded with an irredeem-
able currency—and these six hank.-, must be char-
tered to remedy the evil. And how is this to be
done? By authorizing ibem, in (heir charters, to
give a wider circulation to this irredeemable cur-
rency ! If it is uiged that now is the time
to secure a redeemable currency in this Dis-
trict, thj cry is, wait till the great regnlato:—-
the National ^ Bank—forced on the country
at this extraordinary convocation of Congress—
gets into existence, and when this splendid ma-
chine i-s in full operation, the charter of these six
banks will have given it something in this District
to operate upon—these banks will hav- circulated
so much irredeemable currency that Ih.; beautiful
effects of ihis great regulator will be more advan-
tageously dispia>ed.
A good deal had been said about the distress of
this Disirict, and the great cry-out there was for
the chartering of these banks to relieve this dis-
tres . Well, now, when did this distress exist?
Was it to be inferred from the active improve-
ment-s going on in this city? He (Mr. Wright)
had no , withm his recollection, in any one season,
seen sj many buildings going on,orsuch a general
appearance of pro-perity—and all while ihere ¡s
not a bank in the D.strict, and has not been for
the last year. It is said the irredeemable paper of
the surrounding States flows in here, and that
every business man complains of it as a great evil,
wh ch ought to be abated. The abatement of the
nuisance they do want, but they do not want an
addition to this circulation of irredeemable cur-
rency.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Smith] said
yesterday that he never voted for a bank charter
that he did not believe would be beneficial to the
people. That was what he always considered in
preference to the interests of those concerned in
the corporation itself. It was certain, however,
that most of the local banks of this country had is-
sued and kept in circulation an irredeemable
currency, dtclaivd by every Srnatrr oa both sides
of the Hou:e, day after day, to be the greatest
curse that ever Elibc-.ed any country, and for the
cuie of which it was so necessary to establish their
gre.it pnd splendid regulator. Tr,e Senator and
himself, (Mr. Wbisht,) had been a few years to-
gether in this body, and he, (Mr. Wright,) doubt-
ed if the Senator had ever, during that period,
been called upon to act upon the charter of one
of these banks, that he did not vote for the bank
presented, and in doing which it hid not been the
conclusion of his mind that these, and all bunhs
were for the benefit of the people. He did not
recollect a sirgle instance in wtveh an occasion
was presented in this body, that (he Senator from
Indiana did not vote for a bank charter. This was
conclusive proof thai he considered alt banks, for
the benefit of the people, more than for the benefit
of the f-orporatuns themselves. He, (Mr.
Wrioht,) did dot impugn the sincerity of the gen-
tlemen, in the conelus:oa to which hi had
brought his own mind, for he really believed
that Senator thought he was voting for the bene-
fit of the people. Certain it was, however, that
the people did not benefit by an irredeemable cur-
rency. The Senator, he thought, in his voles, had
been in an error of judf ment, not of purpose.
What was the first paper presented here at the
present session, in favor of the bill now about to
pass? It was read from the Clerk'-; tab'e, and wai
a petition from whom? From the directors and
stockholders of these very banks. What did it
say?   That Ihe condition of (he people of the Dis-
