2Í2
lee then rose and reported the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
And the question being on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole in its amendment, and
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a toird
reading —
Mr STANLY moved the previous question,
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill  i
and amendments on ihe table.
M WELLE S. asked the yeas and nay-, which
were ordered,  and being taken, were as follows
YEAS—Messrs Arnngton, Ath^rton, Banks,
Beeson, Bidlaek, Bowne, Boya, Brewster, A V.
Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Sampson H But-
ler, William O Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Cary, Chapman,
Clifford, Clin'on, Croi«-, Daniel, Richard D Davis,
John B. Dawson, Dean, Dimock, Doan, Jobn C
Edwards, Ferris, John G Fioyd, Chas A. Floyd, ¡
Fornance, Gerry, Gilmer, William 0. Goode, !
Gordon, Gustine, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes, i
Hopkin*, Houok, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, In-
gersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Liuleneld, Lowell, Abra- '
ham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, Mc-
Keon, Marehand, A. Marshall, Maihews, Medi'l,
Miller, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Partridge,
Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Promt, Reding, Rhett,
Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunder-, Shaw,
Shields, Snjder, S eenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Tur
ney, Van Burén, Waid, Watterson, Weller,
Westbrook, James W Williams, Wise, and Wood
—92                                                                         I
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landafí W
Andrews, S J Andrew , Arnold, Aycnj.g, Bab-
cock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Black,
Blair, Boardman, Bolts, Bngg^, Brockway, Bion-
son, Miltin Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell,
William Butler, William B Campbell, Thos J
Campbell, Caruthers, Childs, Chittenden, John C.
Clark, Cowtn, Cranston, Cravens, Gushing, Gar-
rett Davis, Wm C Dawson, Everett, Fessenden,
Fillmore, A L Foster, Gamb'e, Gales, Gentry,
Giddings, Qo gin, P G Goode, Graham, Gieen,
Gieig, Habersham, Hall, Hals-ted, Henry, How.
ard, Hudson, Hunt, J-imes Irvin, William W
Irwin, James, Isaac D Jones, John P Ke inedy,
King, Lane, Lavvrence, Lmn, Thomai F Mar-
shall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Menweiher, Moor", Morgan, Mor-
ris, Morrow, Nisbet, O b me, Owsley, Pendleton,
Pope, Powell, Rams-y, Bt njamin Randall, Alex-
pnder Randall, Randolph, Reneher, Ridgvvay,
Ridney, Ru'^ell, Saltonstail, Sergeant, Sh-pperd,
Bimonton,Smult, Si Uer-¡, Sprig , flu ily, S oin toy,
Sirattcn, S uart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B.
Thompson, Ric mrd W Tnompson, Tilimghast, '
Toland, Tomhn&on, Tnp'ett, Trumbull, Unler-
wood, Van Ren>sei?.er, Wallace, Warren, Was i
ington, Elwird D. White, Jo eph L White,
Thomas W Willians, Lewis Williams, Chris'o
pher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmtarop,
Yorke, A Young, and Jo'm Young—123
So ihe bill was not laid on the table
r  And the question recurring on the motion ror the
previous qne«tiun, there was a second
Mr PROFFIV a ked Ihe yeas and na\s on or-
dering the mam q^e tton, which wfre oiJcred, ard
being taken, were yea* 113 nays 96
So the main qjtsiion was orJered to be
taken
The amendments were then lead through, with
the understanding tint the question should be
taKen upon thrm generally, but tbat any mem- I
ber should except any particular amendment on
which he might desire a separate question lo be
taken                                                                       j|
All ihe amendments were concurred in, except i
the fdlowin?, to wtf
([An amen intent appen ted a* a pro\iso to the end of the
the th rtl  ec ion which deflates   111 it after the first  layoflS      j
vember nnii'  the act ot 14th Tuly IS3> iml the m iths<.c ion of  '
theactof 2iih May 1=30. allowms inwbicl s tn railroad non
10 Stat s and corporation-*, be íejiealed
W ich amendm n , on motion of Mr DAW-
SON was exeep'ed, that a separate que tion might
be taken thereon
Mr TR1PLETT asked the yeas and nays
on the question of concurring with the Committer
pf the Whole m this question of concurring with
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Committee of the Whole in thit amendment,
which were ordered, and being taken, were yeas 93,
navs 119.
So the House having refused to concur with the
I    Committee, the amendment was rejected.
And the bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading to-morrow.
Whereupon the House adion-ncd
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 31, 1841.
The SPEAKER called ihe committees m  their
order for reports
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS
Mr MORROW, from the Committee on Pub-
he Lands, leported a bill further to extend the
tittle for issuing military land warrants to
the officers and soldiers of the Revolutionary
at my.
The bill having been read twice by its title,
Mr M asked that it be engrossed for a third
reading,
And the bill having been ordered to a third
reading at this time, was read a third time and
passed
Mr MORROW, from the Commutee on Pub-
lic Land", reported a bill to ex end the time
for locating Vitgima military land land warrants,
iml reluming surveys thereof to the General Land
Office.
Tr-e bill liavirg been twice read by its tule—
Mr M after a few words of explanation, moved
that it be engros ed for a third reading
Some conversa ion followed between Messrs
HALL C JOHNSON, MASON oi Ohio, and L
WILLIAMS.
When Mr HALL moved that the ftnliter c n-
sideration of the bill be postponed to Wednesday
next
Mr. BRIG3S moved to amen 1 the motion by
ad ling thereto the words "and tbat tie bill be
printed "
Mr. GOGGIN moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Public L^nds, with mstrucuons to
report an amendment maUin  ?n appiopr ation of
five hundred thousand acres of land to satisfy
Virginia military land warran s
Mr. G satd that it would be recollected, per-
haps, that at an early period of the session he had
given i otice that at the proper time he should ask
leave to lntrotuee a bill for that purpose, 1 ut thai
after consultation wnh his col eagues he had
thought it b st to unite in lnMrpciion" to the ecm
mittie io inquire in o me exprd ency (fdongso
l\>e House, b) a vote, had instruc ed the coman -
te„ to do o acco d ngly Thu co-nmit ee had not
yet report"'. The chairman vva now absent,
aid as lilt, se sion was dra-ving to a close, he
though it but f.ur to gn-> the instructions, asked
for. It was a ma'tcr ot moment to miny of his
constituents
Mr BR1GCJS submitted to the Chair 4nt the
motion to postpore Look precedence of the motion
to recomm t
TheSPEUCKRso d'cideJ
And twe question bei-ig on the motion to pos'-
pone—
Mr HOLMES briefly opwed it
Mr MASON if Ohio moved the previous ques-
tion
And th" qu s' on be ng ttken on (he demand for
ho previous que t on, it was decided in the affir-
mative—ajes 104, noes 31
So tiere was a econd
And the man question was ordered, an-1, bem<*
taken, the bill wíis ordered to be engrossed fur a
third read n* on M mdiy
And on tht motioi of Mr. BRISGS, ths bill
was ordered to b- p inted
Mt. PROFriT rnqiire 1 if it would be m order
for him tj cal1 up the resj'ution herttifore offtred
by him in t<la ion to an aroml'ren of t^erule ,
providing that the jeas an 1 na\s should be taken
on atl amsndaien s offered io the bink and revenue
bill*'
The SPEAKER was understiod to say it could
be done ty nmrnm uisrcn>ent
POTO WAG BRID3E
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from   he Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill providing
for repairing the Potomac bridge.
The bill having been twice read by lis title, was
rererred, on motion of Mr. U to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE
Mr   UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill for repay-
ing and repairing  a portion of Pennsylvania ave-
nup.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON raised the question of
older, whether this bill came within the subjects
embraced in the President's Message, and c nse-
qu°ntly within the rule prescribing and limiting
the action oí the commit'ees oí the Huuseourug
this ses ion?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
President 1 ad, in his Message, expressly recom-
mended tbe interests of this District to the conside-
ration of C mgress.
Mr C. JOHNSON called for the reading of the
rule, which having been read—
The SPEAKER decided that the bill was in or-
der under that rule
The bill was then read twice by its title, and, on
motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, was referred to
ti e Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ord red to be printed
BANKRUPT LAW
Mr BERNARD rose and said that he was di-
rected by the Conmittee on the Judiciary to ask
the Heuse to take up the bill from the Senate "to
establish a unift rm system of bankruptcy through-
out the United S a e ," tbat it be read a fpst and
second time, in order that he might move that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it be printed.
Mr MALLORY said he objected. And he
wished to know whether this was the regular re-
p rt.
Mr BARNARD said he had made the motion
by order of tbe committee.
The SPEAKER intimated to Mr. Barnard that
the business on the Speaker's lab'e would come up
so soon as th  committees had been called through.
PURCHASE OF SITES, &o
Mr DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations
to purchase sites and to make certain surveys, and
lor otliei purposes
Tne bill having been read twic-, Mr D rroved
that it be refured to tbe Corrmitiee of the Wnole
on thx state of the Union, and that it be p inted
Mr CAVE JOHNSON rais-d the q se tion
wh her thu, b 11 cime within the lule limiting the
subject matters of action at this session. Whi'e
up he might also say that the bill ct ntiined obj cts
that had been rejected in Committee of the While
Mr DAWSON said this subject formed a part
of tl eaccompinymg documents of the President's
me sage, and bad been specially referred to the
Committee on Military Affnrs by a resolution of
the House.
The SPEAKER read the following passage from
th? messag  of the President of the United State?
' No time «hottl 1 lie lost in placing our principal cities on the
seaboaui and the lakes in asíate of entire security from foreign
a& anit
Mr KENNEDY of Md rose to inquire of the
chairman of toe Committee on Military Affairs
(Mr. Dawson) if it was the mtenti n of that rom-
miit^e to follow r:> t \-> recommendation., of the
Secretary of Wn, and to report an appropria-
te tor new forts, and especially for Sollei's
Point
Mr. DAWSON was understood to reply that it
certainly was the Wention to do so at the next ses-
sion of Congress. But now the committee had con-
fined themselves to the purchase of sites.
Mr McKEON male a lemark or inquiry which
the Reporter cou.d not hear.
And the bill was then rehrred to the Committee
of the Whole on the s'a e of the Union.
Mr BIDLACKrose, an! said he wou'd ask I'-s
indulgence of the Hou^e to permit him 'o inqu re
of the chairman of ihe Committee on Military Af-
fairs, [Mr. Dawson ] who had jutt reported a bill
relating to the national defence, whether that com-
| mittee had taken into consideration a memoriftl
