274
'"  * i' <                                                  • '   *                         ~~
language unbeeonvng to the House, the Speaker
Wira'd" have called him to order. He (Mr P ) had
not interded to say any th'ng disrespectful to the
body. He spoke merely of what he conceived to
be the haste and hurry with which this bill had
been passed through; and if the gentleman from
Worth Carolina [Mr. Stanly] bad supposed that
he (Mr. P ) had in any manner violated the de-
cencies atd proprieties of debate, he (Mr. P ) was
astonished that the gentleman should not have cal-
led him to order.
Mr. STANLY continued. He had preferred
taking his own coura . But if, as the gentleman
now estiujtted, he did not mean any diirespect
to the House, he (Mr. S) would pass over that
matter. The reflection sounded the more harsh,
coming as it did from one of our own friends.
Could the House remember that, during tne very
last week, the gentleman from Indiana had offr red
a resolution to lake a measure out of committee
which his oun friends the next day rescinded?
Where was the gentleman's dread ot hot and inde-
cent haste then' The gentleman himself, without
consultation with any one, so far as he (Mr. S.)
knew, brought in triat resolution.
Mr. PROFF1T. It was handed to me by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who reques ed me to offer it.
Mr- STANLY madesome further remarks, afier
which he moved Ihe previous question.
Mr. PROFPIT appealed to Mr Stanly to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. STANLY declined.
Mr. WISE made a similar appeal to Mr. S.
Mr. W. said he would detain the House but a mo-
ment.
Mr. STANLY said he could not withdraw the
motion. The gentleman from Virginia had occu-
pied more time than any other member.
Mr. ALPORD rose and said he made a personal
appeal to the gentleman from North Carolina to
withdraw the motion.
Mr SI'ANLY. I canno'. I have already re-
fused to do it for my own friends.
And the question was then taken on the demand
for the previous question, and was d>cided in the
affirmative: Ayes 110, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
Mr. BIDLACK (who had called for the yeas
and nays on seconding the previous question,
which the Speaker, had declared to be otn of or-
r<er) inquired oí ihe (ibair by whatiule of the
House he had been deprived of his constitutional
right of calling tor the yea^ and nayi on ant/ ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. A second to a question is not
a question.
Mr BIDLACK. Ii i\ a question, and a very
important question
The SPEAKER The whole nation and all
former Congresses heretofore have thought differ-
ently.
The question recurring on ordering the mam
question—
Mr. BOWNE a«ksd the )eas and nays theieon,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 117, nay  96, as follows-
YEAS—Messis. Adams, Allen, L W. An-
drews, S. J Andrew?, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock,
Baker, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Birdsbye, Black,
Blair, BoarJma'i, Borden, Bjik, Bnggs, B.'ock-
way, Bronion, Milton Brown, Jeieuauh Bown,
William B Campbell, T J CamjbeU, Caruther.,
Cbilds, Chulenden, John C Clark Cowen, Cran-
ston, Cravens, Garrett Davis Wm C. Dawson,
D'berry, Fessendsn, Fillmore, Fornance, A L
Foster, Gamble, Giles, Gemiy, Gdwi ?-, Pa riok
G. Goode, Graliam, Green, Gmg, Habersham,
Hall, HalBted, Henry, Ho vard, Hudson, J^mes
Irvm, Wm W Irrfn, Jaraes, La?c D. Jones,
John P Kennedy, King, Laie, Lawrence, Linn,
"¡Pnomas F. Margal', S. Mason, Mathiot, Mat-
tocks, Maxwell. Maynard, Menwetber, Moore,
Morgan, Morn?, Morrow, Ni bet, Osborne, Owsley,
ItoutUebra, Powell, Ra nsey, B Randall, A Rm-
Oitll, Randolph, Rencher, Ridgway, Rodney, Riu-
<*H, Sergemt, Shepperd, Simonton, Smith, Sol-
le-s, Stanly, Stokcley, Stratton, Stuart, Summers
Taliaferro, John B.Tnompson, R. W. Thompson,
CONGBESS.JONAL 0LOBE.
111       m. ■ ■               ..........                                      —
Tilhnghast, Toland, Tomhn«on, Tnplelt, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, War-
ren, Washington, Edward D While, J L Whi'e,
Thomas W. Williams, L Williams, C. H Wil
ham-, J L Williams, Yorke, A. Younf, and
J Young—117.
NAYS—Mew. Alford, Amnglon, Atherton,
Banks, Bidlack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron
V. Brown, C Brown, Burke, Burnell, Sampson
H. Butler, William Butler, Wai. O Butler,
Green W Caldwell, P. C. Ca'dwell, J Campbell,
Cary, Chapman, Clifford,Clinton, Cross Gushing,
Dame!, Richard D Davis, Dean, Dimoek, Doan,
Doig. J. C. Edwards, Everett, J. G Floyd, C
A. Floyd, Gerry, Gilmer, Geggin, Wil'iam O
Goode, Gordcn, Gustwe, William S Hastings
J Hastings Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hunter, Inger*oll, Jack, Cave Johnson,
J. W Jones, Andrew Kennedy, L?w s, Little-
r>ld,.Lowell, A. McClellan, R McClellan, Mc-
Kay.McKeon, Mallory, M¿rcband, A. Maishall,
John T. Mason, Maihews, Medill, Miller New-
hard, Oliver, Parmenter, Pajne, Pickens, Plumer,
Reding, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford,
Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Slade, Snyder, Sprigg,
Steenrod Sumter, Sweney, Tarney, Van Buren,
Ward, Weller, Westbrook, James W. Williams,
Wise, and Wood—96.
So the House determined that the main question
should now be taken.
Which mam question being en the passage of
the bill—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the years and
nays, which was ordered; and, being taken, result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, L W An-
drews, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg,
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barion, Birdseye,
Black, Blair, Boardman, B< tts Brings, Brock-
way, Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burnell, William Butler, William B Camp-
bell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruihers, Chili's, Chit-
tenden, J. C. Ciark, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens,
Cashing, G Davis, Wm C Dawson, Del erry,
Fesaenden, Filln,ore, A. L. Foster, Gamble, Gates,
Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Patrick G Goode,
Giaham, Green, Greig, Habersham,Hall, Hal-
sted, WilliamS. Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hud-
son, Jame>, I D Jones, J. P. Kennedy, King,
Lane, ^Lawrence, Linn, Thomas F. Marshall,
Samson Mason, Malhiot, Mattocks, Maiwell,
Mvynatd, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morns
Morrow, Nislvt, Osborne, Owsley, P ndlaton,
Powell, Prrffii, R-unsry, Benjamin Rindall,
Alexander Ranlall, Randolph, Rencher, Ridg-
way, Rodney, Russell, f'trgeant, Shepperd, Simon-
ton, Smith, SoHers, Spnrg, S anly, Stokeley,
Siratton, Smart, Summers, Taliaferro, Richard
W. Thompson, Till nghast, Toland, Tomlmson,
Triple , Trumbull, Underwood, Warren, Wa^li-
¿flgton, Edward D. Wnite, J. L. VVhie, Thomas
W. Williams, Lewis Wil'iams Christopher H
William , Joseph L. Williams, Yirke, Augus-
tus Young, andJihn  Young—116
NAYS—Mess^ AUord, Arnngtnn, Atherton,
Banks, Beeson, Bidlack, Borden, Bowi,e, Boyd,
Brewster, Aaron V Brown, Challes Brown,
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, William O Builer,
Greon W Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, John Camp-
bell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, C mton, Cross Dd-
n el, R D Davis, Juhi B Bawscn, D an, Di-
rmcV, Doan, Doi/, Join Ed vards, J C Edward ,
Evv.re't, Ferr.s, J. Q Flojd, Chas A Floyd,
ForaaBC, Gen>, Gilmer, W 0 Uoode, G^r-
dor, Gustwe, J Has'wgs, Hays, Hopk'ns, Hous-
ton, Huoard, Hun er, Irgersol), James lrvin,
Wm. W. Irwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, J. W.
Jones, A Kenned>, Lew^, Litileiie'd, Lo>ve'l,
A McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, M<--
Keon, Mallory, Mirchard, Alfred Marshall,
Mataews, Miilei, Ncth?rd, Ocver, Parmenter,
Patndge, Payne, Picpep-, Piut er, Reding, R g- s,
Rogets, Roo evtl', Sal'Oflsf-ll, Sanford, fraunders,
Shaw, ¡ámelds S ads, Soyder, Steenrod, Sumter,
Sv enry, John B. Tho -p^ n, Tuiney, Van Buren,
Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward, Walterson, Wel-
ler, Westbrook, J. W. Williams, Wmthrop, Wise,
and Wood—101.1
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MEDILL, befere the vote was declared,
rose and asked leave to record his vote He said
he was seldom absent from his seat during the bu-
siness hours of the House, but in the present ir-
stance he had been called to spesk to a friend at
the door, and was inadvertently standing outside
of the bar when his name was called The Speaker
said it could only be done by general consent.
Several members objecting, Mr Medill desired it
to be understood, then, that if he had been present,
or was now permitted so to do,, he would vote
against the bill.
[Mr. POPE, who had left the Hall on some pri-
vate business a few minutes before, and fai'ed to
reUirn before the yeas and nays had all been
called, mads an earnest appeal for leave to have
his name recorded, observing that he had voted for
the third reading of the bill, and would have voted
for its passage, but, in conformity \uih universal
piecedent, leave was iefus«d ]
Mr. JOHN C CLARK rose and moved a re-
cons'deration of the vote by which the bill had
just been passed, on which motion Mr. C. demand-
ed the previous question
After some conversation between Mr. PROPFIT
and the SPEAKER, on a point of order—
The quesuon was put, and the demand for the
previous  question was seconded.
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana asked the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question; wbi-h were
ordered, and being taken, were yeas 120, nays 91.
So ihe main question was ordered.
Which main question being on the motion te re-
consider the vote on the final passage of the bill—
Mr. MILLER of Mrsoun asked the yeas and
na}s, whicn were oidered.
Mr. PROFFIT asked leave to be excused from
voting, and assigned his reasons for so doing
Havi'ig done wh en, Mr. P. withdrew the motion
to be excused.
And the question 'Shall the vote be reconsider-
ed'" was then taken, and decided in the negative,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. L. W. Andrews Arnngtoa,
Atherton, Banks, Bidlack, Borden, Bowne, Boyd,
Brewster, A V. Brown, Charles Brov.n, Burke,
Sampson H. Butler, Wm. 0. Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Cary,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Cross, Daniel, R D.
Davis, J. B. Dawson, Dean, Dimoek, Doan, Doig,
J C Edwards, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Charles
A Fioyd, Fornance, Gerry, Gilmer, William 0.
Goode, Gordon, Gustme, John Hastings, Hays,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Ingfrsoll,
William W. Irwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, J. W.
Jones, A. Kennedy, Lewis, Lililefield, Lowell, A.
McClellan, Robert McC ellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mal.ory, Maichand, Alfred Mar-hall, J Thomp-
son Mason, Matlev,s, Medill, Mil er, N°vvhard,
Oliver, Parmtnter, Patndge, Payne, Pickens,
Plurner, Prtffit, Reding,Riggs Rogers, RooseveU,
SaltOiisiall, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields,
Slade, Snyder, Steenrod, Sum'ei, Sweney, John B.
Thompson, Turney, Van Burea, Van Reus e ar-r,
Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, James W.
Williams, Wmthrop, Wite, and Wood—99.
NAYS—Mt-ssis. Adams, Allen, S J Andrews,
Arno'd, Aycrigg, Babcock, Bakei, Barnard, Bar-
ton, B'n'sey", B ack, Bla r, Boardman, Botls,
Bnggs, Biockway, Brrnson, Milton B'oun, J
Brown, Burnell, William Butler, Wm P, C?rm-
bell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Chil. s, Cut-
tendsn, John C CUik, Cowen, Cianr oo, Oravp^s
Gushing, Garrett Davr, Wm. C. Dawsop, De-
beirv, Fessenden, Fillmore, A Lawrtr.^ Fcsier,
Gamble, Gates, Gentry, G ddinys Gopgir-, Patrick
G Gocde, Graham, Green, Gr°ig, Faber-ham,
Hall, Halstead, William S. Hastings, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, James, Isaac D. Jones, J p.'
Kennedy, King, Lane, Lawrence Lmn, Thomas
F. Marshall, Samspn Mason, Ma¡n'o, Mat-
tocks, Maxweil, Maynard, Menuel.Hr, Mcore,
Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Ni&bet, Osborre, Ows-
ley, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rercher
Ridgway, Rodney, Russell, Serjeant, Shepperd'
Simonton, Smith, Sellers, Sprigg, Stanly, Stokeley,
Stratton, Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, Richard w!
Thompson, Tillmghast,' Toland, Tomlmson, Trip-
