CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            ¡tj'S
lett, Trumbull, Underwood, Warren, Y/asMngton,
Edward D. Whi'e, Jos-vph L. While, Tfaom&s
W. Williams, Lewis WiiUams, C. H. Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Yorke, Augustus Young,
and Joba Young—115.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
And the SPEAKER having read, the tille, and
put (he quesiun "Shall this be the title of-the
bilí?"
Mr. WISE rose and moved to amend the same,
by sinking out the title just read, and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "a bill to violate the com-
promise act of  8-1 March, 1833."    He said  that
every head shou.'d  suit its body, and every body
should suit its head.    Every caption should suit its
chapter, and the chapter should suit the caption.
So should the title of a bill suit ihe  bill itself   If
the opportunity had  bren  given of recording the
yeas and  nays upon certain amendments made in
Committee of the Whole, he  should not have oc-
cupied the time of the Iloiv-e in putting a vain ques-
tion; for a vain question, he was satisfied it .; ould
b .    If the amendmout which he had offered in
Commi'tee  of  Wie whole  relaiive to unbleached
linens; if he could hsvebsd ¡he yeas and nays <n
that  question, he wo.tld hove  been commit to let
the bill  pass with  it;  cngii al  title.    Tne cotton
bagging oí Kentucky already had a protection of
toree and a half per cent, and  Ibis bill gave it an
additional  protection of seventeen and a half per
cent, under the form of bleached and unb'eiti.ed
linens,   which    was   in   direct  violation of  the
fourth  section   of   the   compromise    acr.      He
shculd   have Leen   glad   to   have hid   the jeas
and nays un  ¡Ins  question, End   to have made
some remarks on  thi-. ami other qunlions, but the
House h?.d adopted the ' Shrevsbuiy clock sy-tciu,
and we  have, s^id  be if  I ¡nay  be allowed   the
expression, unmiadei   oursclve-, an i oes sed lo be
thinking  and s-.x-airr"; leglnlii'ois, ím became mere
voting;  machines.    Tie  regielie.il that  the  House
had nor adopted  the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana, providing fc-r taking the yeas and
nays on questions in Committee  of the  Whole.
Had this been done, the country would have seen
what members voted for giving an additional pro-
tection  to  cotton  bagging,   and  who hid voted
against  ihe  amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr.  Hi lmks]  to strike out raw
hidrs.    It would have been seen who were willing
to break up the compromise act of 1S33.   As he
had remarked on a former occasion, if cotton could
stand  this bill, so could .yellow corn.    In the
course of his remarks, Mr. W. referred to the ge-
nera! state of our commercial relations wuh France
and Germany.   Tsese showed, s .id Mr.  W. that,
the balance of ttade  was in our favor.   And he
would say to those gentlemen especially who votfd
for ttrs bill, that he should have bcea glad lo see
the y.as snd nays in relation  to the articles on
which retaliatory du.i's were proposed to be ¡aid.
This bill, however, d d not bear a- hard on Franc-*
as it did on Get many, fur France sends to us the
fiaer silks, wbdo Gei¡¡::\r,y sends suks of a coarser
desenp'ion.    H? should litre to have seen the )eas
and nays en the test question that was < dered in re-
lation to the trade of Gbrinanv; an ¡ he thought ihey
would have been exc.-lleiu poiui-al canilal  to   te
used in the next elecion?.    As   there  had been no
opportunity   given   to    test   ths   qie;!ion   upon
t ti"«e points  by yeas and n?ys, gentlemen would
now   be able   M   escape   !rom   all   responsibili-
ty,   and    might    sav    that   tbey   were   obliged
to take   tho  whole  bill or nothing.     Gentlemen
spoke of taking upon themselves the. responsibility
of this bill.    Sir,  this is we *ay in which they
take responsibility by having impoitaiit   questions
decided m committee of the whole, and a tule that
prohibits the yeas and nays from beirg taken in
that stage of the proceedings.    The  offic.al organ
__the  National    hitelbgeneer—th.s mornirg an-
nounced that this bill  was but a te mpor/.rv rasa-
sure.    This he  was alrtaáy aware of.    He had
said, when he w>.s up last,  that this bill would
barely have time to unsettle all our commercial
relations, when it would be followed by another
and a stronger measure of the same kind: that for
íhs present it would operate as a boanty in favor of
those who had goods on hand to the great detri-
ment of the importer and agtictiltnrist.
Mr. FILLMORE here called Mr. W. to order
on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. WISE insisted that be was speaking direct-
ly to the point. His amendment proposed to enti-
tle the bill "an act to violate the compromise act of
1833. This brought in the whole merits of the
amendments, and he was endeavoring to show that
it did violate it in important particulars. He knew
what he was about.
The SPEAKER decided that the gentleman
from Virginia was in order.
Mr.   WISE continued.     The  title of  a bill,
sa'd he, is one thing, and its meaning is another.
It was time that this humbuggery  of titles should
cease, and that they should honestly express the
purport and interns of the bills they belong to    For
his part he wanted  to call a spade a spade, and
all things  by their right names.    Many gentle-
men, in his opinion,  thought they  had gained a
great point in this violation of the compromise act.
They would come here next winter with a large
majority, and remodel  the tariff as they please,
without having the  compromise to stand in their
way.   It was true, that many of them  professed
not to be in favor oí excessive duties; but this was
the case only with those reprtsentmg ¿he large ca-
pitalists, who knew that high duties would produce
great competition.    But capital was warred upon
by the many, and the people of this country would
not long brook  monopolies.   Tue smaller capital-
ists would voie them down, and insist up )rn com-
ing in for their share of ihe advantages to be de-
rived from a protective tariff.   The gentlemen here
who represented the smaller manufacturing esta-
blishments had  kept  their mouths shut, knowing
that by the passage of this bill a principle was es'a-
biished which would  enable them to compe'e with
their moie wealthy neighbors.    They  will   then,
s,3Íd Mr. W loll you, in the brguaae of the gentle-
man from  Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]   that the
compromise is  thrown to the dogs.    Ay, sir, it
will then be a bone without any meat on it, for the
dogs to gnaw.    Gentlemen might call it, he said,
ultraism; but he called the compromise the middle
ground between the two extremes, and on that mid-
dle ground he took his stand.    He knew that these
sentiments   wete   not agreeable  to some   gentle-
men.   ¡Some    of    them     had   told   him     that
he was net to lead them, but there were some gen-
tlemen he would not lead if he could.    He would
not be leader of a corporal's guard of them; and if
they were in his ranks he would  drive  them  off,
for they would drag so heavy ihat they would ksep
a giant back.   He was glad to hear from the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that the Whigs v-ho
wee fighting the battles of the South by opposing
the violation of the compromise act were not to be
proscribed.   He was glad that they were not to be
read outof the Whig church because they were wi-
ling to vote with the Loco Focos against the policy
of a protective tariff.    Hte was glad ihat so much
charity was lo bí shown them—for, at the b-gin-
ning of the E-ssion the gentleman reminded him of
the Pope at the Vatican,  when  he was standing
wi:h papal authority over that Housir, and issun g
his bulls, disclaiming him pro forma.   Mr. W. af-
ter a few more remarks, withdrew hU amendment.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to amend the said title
by adding theicto ihe following word':
"And by a tax on the producing classes to make up the con-
templated deficiency in the Treasury, ansma from the antici-
pated distribution of the proceeds of the public domain, for the
benefit of stockjobbers, loanholders, and speculators."
Mr. TR1PLETT inquired, of the Speaker
whether, aftt r a bill b*d been passed by the House,
it was in order f.>r a member to insult the majority
by spreading upon its journal a pretended title of
this description.
The SPEAKER replied thst he did not see any
thing in ihe phraseology of the proposed amend-
ment that amounted to an insult to the House.
Mr. BIDLACK said he had drawn the amend-
ment hastily, and shi uld be very sorry if any gen-
tlemen supposed he wished to impugn their mo-
tives. It was not in his nature to arraign the
motives of others. It was a mere difference of
opinion as to the proper name for the bill. Sir,
(said Mr. B.) I am one of those who think things
should be called by their right names; and he be-
lieved the title which he had proposed for the bill,
was the best description that could be given to it.
For himself, he most firmly believed, whatever
gentlemen might think, the operations of the bill
would be to tax tea and coffee, and o.her necessa-
ries of life, consumed alike by all classes, While it
exempted from lax, railroad iron and other articles
for the b.nefit of corporations.
He went on to show that the lax upon tea and
coffee of more than two and a half millions of dol-
lars, was intended to supply that amoontsubtract-
ed annually by the contemplated distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands. Mr. B.
was desirous for an early and final adjournmíHt,
and had, therefore, forborne from consuming time
in the previous discussion; but h« was anxious-that
this met unjust proposition should be brought upon
its face in connection with the bill which had ren-
dered it neceseary, and that it should go forth to
the world with i's proper name upon its front. He
knew the majority would be opposed to i', and
would vote it down; and having briefly expressed
Irs opinion of the bill, he would withdraw the
amendment, rather titan consume lime in the vote
or discussion upon it.
Mr. BURNELL replied at length io Mr. BID-
LACK, and asked where the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was when an amendment was pro-
posed by hi3 colleague to exempt tea and coffee..
Mr. BIDLACK ro;e and was understood to say,
I voted for the amendment exempting lea and
coffte. I desire, also, to inquire of the Speaker
what is the question before the House?
Mr. BURNELL. So the argumentum ad homi-
neni, it appears, i< scmciimes effecdve.
Mr. BIDLACK rose agtin t-.> withdraw hi 
amendment.
Mr. BURNELL insisted that the gentleman
could not withdraw his amendment whilst he (Mr.
Burnall) was on ihe floor.
And the SPEiKSR so decided.
Afier some furiher remarks from Mr. BUR-
NELL,
Mr- BIDLACK withdrew his amendment.
And the question then being on the original title
of the bill,
The previous question was put and seconded.
The main question (being on the title of the bill)
was ordered, and being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the House determined that the title should be
"A bill in relaticn to duties and drawbacks."
And then, on motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Mondat, August 2, 1841,
The following memorials and petitions Were pre 
SClitCiJ  viz*
By Mr. WRIGHT: From the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of New York, remonstrating
agnnsi the passes of ihe tariff bill in its present
«hape. Referred to the Committee on Fm?nce,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, foma number of merchants and mercan-
tile traders on the same subject. Referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Al-so, from citizens of Niagara, New Yoik, re- -
monstrating against the disinbmion of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands.
By Mr. BUCHANAN: A remonstranco frcm
some of the mcrchan's of Philadelphia against the
passage of a bankrupt bill. The remonstrance
states that the bill took them by surprise; that it
deeply affects their interests, &c.
Mr. B. said the memorial was a little outof time,
the bill having been passed and gone from'the
body. He would therefore move only to lay it on
the table.
By air. TALLMABGE: From citizefis of Mo-
riab, N. Y. strongly urging the passage of a gene-
ral bankrupt law.
Mr. T. said this was also a little out of time, but
the object, so far as the Senate was concernid, hid
been attained.
Also, from a very large number of citizens ot
New York, ro favor of a National Bank. Laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
