CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$?7
deny the fact or raí e any question of the sound-
ness ot his construction? No, sir, no So far from
controverting the opinion of Mr. King: on that
point, Mr Wilson virtually acLrsts its correctness
by remarking, "as to banks, ht did rot agree wiih
Mr. King that the jiowei m thft point of view would
excite the prejudices and parties apprehended " He
admitted, in effect, d it the p >wer to create -i Bank
would be embraced in Mr. Madisot's motion; but
he denied that it would excite "the prejudices and
parties apprehended," or in other words, be as un-
popular a? v as supposed
Upon the suggestion of Colonel Masen, the mo-
tion was so modifitd, as to take the question, in
the first place on Dr Franklin's proposition, and
what was the result? Why the motion was Iom,
only three States votirg in the affirmative, and eight
in the negative     And Mr Madison renarks
"The other part fell of course, as included in the
power rejected "
Mr C. said this evidence would seem to be suf-
ficient, of itself, to ■ ettle the question; but it did
not stand uncorroborated Long before the publi-
cation of ihe book froai which he had read, the
fact had been asserted, and reiterated at am and
again Mr Madison, in his speech against ¡he
Bank, which was chartered in the year 1791, be-
sides arguing against the pohoy and expediency of
the measure, amongst other things, used the fol-
lowing language:
"In making these remarks on the merits of the bill he had
reserved to him&elf the right to deny the authority of Congtess
to pass it He had ente] tamed this opinion from the date of
the Constitution His impiession might perhaps be the
stronget because he well recollected thai a power to grant
charters of incorporation had been proposed m the Gen?
ral Convention, and rejected"—4th vol Cong Debates of
1790 91
Here Mr Madison "reserved to himself the
right to deny the au'honty of Congress to pa«s"
the Bank charter, and why did he do so? "Be-
cause he well recollected that a power to grant
charters of incorporation had been proposed in the
General Conven'ion, and rejf-eted " Is it not ma-
nifest, from this remark, that Mr Madison under-
stood the power to charier an nicoiporatiou, and
create a Bank, as one and the same thing? Dots
he not treat them as identical? Sir, said Mr. C.
no one can deny it.
To ihe same point, Mr. C. said, we also had ihe
evidence of that great rsan, and distinguished pa-
triot, Mr. Jefferson, who, although not a member
of the convention, was cotemporary with i', and
probably knew more of its eerct history than any
man who did not belong to that body When
called on by Cíen. Washington it, give his opmnn
of me Bank charter which passed in 1791, he ad-
verted to the iae , now attempted to be denied, and
in that important state paper he made the following
remark-
" It is known that the very power to createa Bank now pro-
posed as a means was rejected as an end by the convention
which formed the Constitution A i reposition was made to
them to authorize Congiess to open ranal  andan amendatory
one to empowet them to incorporate But the whole was íe
jected, and one of the reason  of íejectton urged m the debate
was, that they then would have a powei to erecta Bank which
would rendei the great cities wheie there wele piejudices
and jealousies on that subject, adverse to the reception of the
Constitution "
Itistaus seen, sudMr C that Mr. Jefferson,
on that grave occasion, alluded to this very posver
to chaüer corporations, as identical with that to
create a Bank. He spoke of it, not as matter of
opinion, or cjnjecture, but as a historical truth,
that the proposition to grant to Cong ess the power
to charter corporations involved the power to cre-
ate a Bank—and said "the whoie was rejected "
Mr C remarked, such was the high and incon-
trovertible evidence on which the opponents of a
National Bank rested iheir assertion, that a mo-
tion had been made to cmfer the power on Con-
gress to create such an ins ltution, and that that
motion had been rejected in tns convention Could
any thing more cone ustve be shown? Could any
one doubt the authority or verily of the Madicon
papers? Could any one suppo-e, for a moment,
that their venerated author either misnnders'ood
or misrepresented any important proposition, <?'hich
was ever made in that body, of which he was
himself a distinguished member? This book was
not made up for selfish or temporary purposes—it
was nevei published till after his death—he had
no possible motive for misrepresentation. He made
a public declarant , to ihe *ameeffec ,n Congrí ss,
m 1791—-and . > one controverted its iru'h. Mr
Jeffersiti i attd the sam<* fads, a ws> have seen,
in h.s opinion given to General Washington, on
the onstiUitioiality of the first Bink charter, yet
he too has i-mamed uncontradicted. And, sir,
soall thr truth of the record and the credibility of
our Jefferson and our Madison be Culled in ques-
tion, at this late day' No one would have ven-
tured to impeach ¡heir veracity while living, and
thf respect and veneration of their country for
their memories-, will be a shield of protection to
their reputation  when dead
He, Mr C trusted that a large majority of the
Amercan people, hrreafter, «s heretofore, would
continue to deny Congress the power which the
Senator a>ser s ihe Constitu ion confers, but which
it is manifest the Convention refused t   giant
Mr HENDERSpN reiterated his, aSsLruon that
there was n > subject before 'he f nvention m
which the Bank question was at issue, and stated
his views of what Mr Madison me< nt
Mr CLAY of Alabama piked the Senator from
Mississippi to allow him to tall his attention to
what Mr. Madison had said, and real again from
Mr. Madison's speech against the Bank in '91, his
assertion, that "he well reeollected that a power to
grant charters of incorporation bad been pro-
posed in th° gene al convention and rejected."
Mr HENDERSON contended that it was not
meant that ¡be convention should negative the
power, out that it should not then assert it
Mr. CLAY of Alabaini rem< iked that he had
not anticipated this question, and consequently had
not come prepared wuh all the authority which
might be adduced lo prove that the proposition to
grant Congress the power to cieate a National
Bank had been made and rejected in the conven-
tion. But he had now an additional authority,
which he would bring to ihe nonce of the Senate
He would read a t aragraph from the 4th vol of
*t£r. Jeffeison's works, page 506, which was full to
the pom', and furnished nefiagab'e evidence of
the fací fui svhich he had contended In relating
a conveisaliot), which seems to have taktn place
at dmner, on the Ulh of March, 1798, Mr. Jeffer-
son speaks as follows-
"Baldwin mentions at table Ihe fallowing f?rt When the
Bank bill was unuet discussion in the Hou«e ot Repiesenta
uves, Judge Wilson came in, and was standing by Baldwin
Baldwin reminded him of the following fact, which passed in
the grand convention Amorg the enumerated powers given
to Congress was one to elect corporations It was, on debate,
struck out aevera! patnculai powers were then proposed
Among others, Robert Moms proposed to give Congress a
powei to establish a National Bank Guuveroeur Moms
opposed it, obsemngthat it was exuemely doubtful whether
the Constitution they weie framing could ever be passed at all
by the people of Amei ica, that to give it its best chance how
ever, they should make it as palatable as possible, and put
nothing into it not very essential which might laise up ene
mies, that his colleague (Rebel t Morris) we 1 knew that 'a
bank' wa. in then State (Pennsylvania) the vcly watchword of
party that a bank had been the great bone of contention be
twoen the two parties ot the State, fiom the establishment of
their convolution, having been erected put dotvn and erected
agiin as either patty preponderated, that, therefore, to insert
this power would instantly enlist against the whole instrument
the whole of the ami bank paity in Pennsylvania Whereupt n
it was rejected aswa everyothei special power txceptthatof
giving copy lights to authors and patents to inventors, the
geneial power ol mcorpoiaun" icing whittled down to this
sired     Wilson agteed to the la<"t
Now, su! fVr C th s rvilerce s' ould settle the
questun raited oy he S nator from Mi sissippi, m-
contes'abh. We „re no longer dependent on ihe
construction, th ugh sufficiently indisputable, that
th  power to grant corporations w?s proposed aid
rejected; and that such power nece?sari¡y involved
fiat 'o crea e a Bank We here have it established
b/ the testimony or a emiersof the convention and
their cotemporanes, th.pl a motion was made speci-
fically "to give Congress a power to establish a
National Bank," and that, after explanation and
discussion, "it was rejected "
Having suck evidence io sustain the feet wh'eh
had been controverted by the Señal ir from Missis-
sippi, it she uld exctte no surprise, Mr C thought,
that the spporents of a Bank had so ott n repeated
lb as'ertion And he conld assure that Senator
that it would con mue to be repeate 1 and reiterated,
not only here, but throughout the Union—not only
now, but on all occasions hereafter, piml this evi
dence was destroyed, t! at the Constitution neither
confers, nor was- intended to confer, the power to
create a National Bank, but, on the contrary, that
the convention which framed that instrument repu-
diated and rejected the proposition in every form.
Mr HENDERSON said that Mr Jefferson's
bote had led to the whole error. Mr. Jefferson.
was not in the convention, being a member of Gen-
Washmgton's cabinet at the time.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if there was nothing else
to repel the assault made by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi on their proceedings, the extract read by
the Senator from Alabama from Mr. Madison's
speech on the Bank bill, in 1791, would be suffi-
cient It assem that a proposition was made in.
the;, convention to give Congress the power to grant
charters of incorporation, and that it was rejected 
The only pomt, uten, is, was it intended, in the
proposed grant of power, to comprehend the right
of chartering a Bank? The general term of the
proposition is, one would uppose, sufficient io de-
cide tha>, but if it is not, the fact that be stated it,
in order lo show that the convention, by rejecting
t 'epropesmon, intended to withhold the power of
chartering a Bank, is decisive, and fully justifies
the assertion m these proceedings, that the power
to grant the right of chartering a Bank was refused
by the convention. If confirmation of so clear a
deduction is wanting, it would be found in (he
other authorities adduced by the Senator from Ala-
bama.
We on this side would have been glad to meet
those on the other side of ihe chamber on the broad
question of the constitutionality of a Bank; but we
understand them as declining the discussion on
the ground that it was settled by precedents, and the
decision «( the Supreme Court. We deny that it
has, or can be so settled The precedents are both
ways, aid the court declined the decision of the
question by deciding that it belonged to Congress
to determine whether an act is necessary and pro-
per to execute any of the granted powers. But we
take higher ground, and hold, that had the prece-
dents been all one way, and the decision of the
court directly on the point, they could not overrule
tne Constitution. We hold that to be the para-
mount authority, which controls all others.
Mr MOREHEAD said he would like te see
the authority from which the Senator concluded
the proposition of a Bank had been referred to the
convention and rejt cted.
Mr. CALHOUN, in answer, read the extracts
fiom Mr Madison's speech, above referred to, ac-
companied by remarks, going to show that it fully
sustained the grounds hs had taken.
Mr. MOREHEAD went into some details to
show that the question of a Bank was not then
tested.
Mr. ARCHER would undertake to say that no
such sentiment as that of repeal would be held by
any large or respectable portion of ihe people of
his Stale. He uttPrly repudiated such a principle
himself, and was confidtnt that u would be repu-
diated by theptopV of Virginia.
Mr CALHOUN said that ihe Senator mistook
the resolution It affirmed nothing, as to ihe opi-
nion of the ptop'e of Virginia on the subject of re-
re 1. It simply asserted that the Bank was uncon-
stitutional, mischievous, and deadly hostile to
liberty, and that, regarding it as such, it was not
only the right but ihe duty of Congress to repeal the
charter, when there should be a majority against it.
He (Mr. C ) concurred m the opinion, although
his regard for contracts was equal to the Senator?,
or any other member of the body But according
to his opinion, the highest and most sacred of all
contracts was that of the Constitution, which form-
ed the Union, and from which the Government it-
self derived it  existence All contracts or charters
is violation of it were null and void. Such he be-
lieved to be that of the proposed Bank; and so be-
lieving, he regarded its repeal, not a violation, but
the upholding the most «oleum and binding of all
contracts—the Constitution.
In asserting that this high remedy was appli-
cable to this case, he did not wish to be under-
stood that n was his opinion n ought to be applied
to all questions of doubtful constitutionality; for
instance to those agitated for ihe first time, or
parsed withaut due no'ice, on the part of the mi-
, nony, ot the r intention to repeal High coaside-
'  rations ot expediency would forbid a resort to suííh
