other State?, thrown upon their borders by the ac-
tion of Government, it surely was the duty of Con-
gress, along with the evil, to furnish ample security
against it. Look at the extent of unprotected fron-
tier o"er which these Indians now held almost un-
checked sway. Prom Fort Snelling to Lraven-
worth was a distance of four or five hundred mi'es,
and from Leavenwotth to Fort Gibson about two
hundred—one post between two extreme points of
seven hundred mile?; and observe the large Indian
population, ameunting to near 300,000, without
any military force to keep it in check.
Arkansas, which is more open to their aggres-
sion, is more amply pro'eeted by forts and troops
than the State of Missouri, which is greatly ex-
posed. He did hope the chairman of the commit-
tee would take into consideration the amendment
which he (Mr. Link) would offer. He hoped, if he
objected to it, thauhe Senate would take into con-
sideration the justness and urgency cf the claim.
This consideration was not alone due to the white
population, but to the Indians themselves. It was
of as much consequence to them to have the fron-
tier protected as to the whites. If it wai the hu-
mane wish of Congress to save these Indian tribes
from destruction, much good would be effected by
keeping a sufficient military force along the border
to prevent them from injuring one another, as well as
to prevent them from injuring the while popula-
tion. This foice should be fully adequate to the
protection of both the Americans and the Indians
from encroachments upon each other, and to look
doun all opposition. If, after Congress had, by i s
own action, forced these Indians on the Western
frontier, it would now reíase to afford the necessa-
ry protection, his (Mr. Linn's) constituents would
consider it not only unkind but cruel.
Mr. PRESTON said, for the purpose of explain-
ing the condition in which ths bill presented itself,
he would state that the anurmal fortification bill was
referred last session to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and i's appropriations proposed in con-
Tcrmitr wit  the estimates of the Department, were
reduced somewhat more than one half. It was
now understood that financial provisions were to
be made for the Treasury, and consequently, the
pecuniary reason no longer existing for this reduc-
tion, the Departments had come in for the appro-
priations which were imperiously demanded by
the state of the defences of the country, and with
an eye to economy; reference was now made in
this bill more particularly to maritime iortificat'ons,
which were in a state ot great dilapidaron and de-
cay. He showed from the report of the Secretary
of War, the necessity of provision for repairs of
these forts. The supremacy of the ocean was
now in the hands of England; and France and
Kussia were making great additions to their naval
forces. He mentioned this,to show that we could not
now a-pire to supremacy on the ocean, but should
provide for defence Our object now was to pro-
vide for the defence of the country, and of the
Navy, while that should be gradually built up. It
would be the work of an age to obtain supremacy
on the ocean, but hs believed the lima would
arrive when we might call the sea our?. We
were the ascendent power on land, and feared by
the red and white man. Our eye should therefore
first be turned to our marinare defences, and the
necessity of protection on oar Indian frontiers was
not so urgent, that a permanent system of defences,
Try huge forts, should be mad; there; because be-
fore these amid b"? erected, the Indians would bs
g me. He deemed it necessary, however, to ¡nuke
all reasonable temporary defence.*, which from
year to year, must be thrown farther and further
West, as the Indians retreated. If, therefore, they
were to repair the Ports Gib-on and o'her for's,
they would soon be úseles*.. It was the superior
necessity of mariime defences that now demanded
attention. Every work for which approptia'ton
was now proposed, was an old work, and ii ex-
posed '.cations on our borders, which should be
kept ia repair, not only for the defence of the pro-
perty there—the r.aval and military stores de-
posied there, but for the defence of the whole
country.
Complaint had been made of the unequal distri-
bution of the appropriations of ths bill.   He con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceived but little cause for this complaint exi-ted,
when the genera! defence was taken into view.
Thii appropria i>n wis intended to last for a year,
and was deemrd necessary.
Mr. HENDEKSON assed if the chfirma 
wculd move a-iaddiiinal appropriation for New
Orleans.
Mr. PRESTON sfil the amendment he had
moved provided for surveys which would include
that port with o h?rs. Tois was all be fel' autho-
rized to move, according to the instructions of
the Department whxh bad deemed this amount ne-
cessary.
Mr. PIERCE enlirely concurred ia the general
viem of the chairman, but believed that some im-
portant points had been overlooked. Portsmouth
was entirely undefended, and no appropriate in had
been made. It was at the mouth of the river, and
near it was one of the most impor:ant navy jards
of the TJni'ed States, where a large amount of
public property was deposited. He belbved the
esiiiiates from the Department were not suffi-
ciently specific, and that the appropiiaticns,
some of which he notic d, were not judiciously
distributed.
Mr. LINN said he rr.se to correct an error into
which the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Pres-
ton] had fallen. That Senator seemed to think
that the Indians on the Western frontier were a
broken down and imbecile race; that they had lost
their former warlike and energetic character. In
this thn Senator was grievously mistaken. There
never was a more dangerous race of Indhns on
this continent than those tribes in their present con-
dition. They are more «anike, more cunning,
and more intelligent, in consequence of their inter,
course with civilized lifj, than any race of Indians
heretofore known on the Western frontier. Was
any stionger proof needed that the Indians of the
present day are not inferior to any which the whites
of this country have had to contend win. for the
last century, than the war in Florida furnuhea?
Have they not all the savage ferocity of former
times, aided by increased intelligence? Who can
foresee the effects of a union of their strength
against the white population of the border States?
And would any one deny that such a man as John
Ross was not capable of uniting those tribes into
a more dangerous coalition than this Govern-
ment has ever had to contend with in Indian
warfare? American citizens would not now,
as in former times, have to contend with
naked savagrs badiy equipped wuh a lew
bows and arrows and English fowling pieces.
Each Indian is furnished with an unerring rifl-, in
the use of which he is no less expert than the whiles
themselves. Tuey have horbes trained to their
destructive mode of attack and swift in retreat.
They have the extraordinary capacity of com-
bining together more effectually, ii they think pro-
per, t"an they ever did before. In every Presi-
dent's message, for years past, the necessity and
advaMages have been urged, of placing them on
the frontier, subject to the guardianship of the
United Stairs army ouiposts. Properly construct-
ed fort-> were m themselves a source of protection.
Trie Indians have a great reluctance to going be-
hind those fortifications. They are kept in awe
by them, and became accustomed to control in
their presence. Unless there his been some kind
of preference shown to be advantageous in our
mode of constructing those fortifications over an-
other, he (Mr. Linn) did not care whether they
were built ef solid .tone or wood—probably block-
houses and stockades would, in many instances,
answer the purpose. The reports of Engineers
should decide. But that some are now indispen-
sably necessary he thought ought to be conceded.
Afier the ia'e war the' United States lost fort
Mackinaw by a union of the British and Indian
forces, and by this combination the Government
wascómpel'ed to withdraw our troops from Chi-
c-go, and in the retreat they were cut to pieces in
its vicinity. The British and Indians took fort
Crawford at or near Prairie des Chien, and de-
scended the Mississippi river 10 the lower rapids,
whire they defeated ihe United States soldiers; and
in the event of New Orleans having been taken by
Fackenham, these allies would have formed a most
art
................----- ------............—,    ' ".- " fc3
formidable conjunction with the Engli'h troops.
Now, who can say there is no danger of war will
Great Bri'ain? He (Mr. Lisn) should like to see
t'te Senator wha would venture to get up'in hfi
place and say there is no prospect of such a war.
There is urfent danger—the truth cannot and
should not be concealed. If it was. impossible to
a veil it, let it come. Tne danger ii deeply im-
pressed on both nations. It was but a short time
since it was sail in a speech in Parliament,' that
the United States was not prepared for war—that '
we had too many savages hovering on ow frontiers,
«hi would all take advantage of our difficulties;
and. too many negro slaves in our interior ready to
break their chains; and that, .therefore, we eould
not go to war wi;h Great Britain.             l-    _
It is sai 1 if McL-od is hung we shall have a
war, and no doubt Great Biitain is encouraged by
the prospect of being able to bring the Indians on
our frontier into immediate coa h.ion against us,
and by our want of preparation. He (Mr. Liwb)
di I not mean to say that, now, under the present
state of things, there is danger of a union of the
tribss, wi'hout the interference of a foreign power;
but still extraordinary circumstances might com-
bine to unite them. Take an instance from the
Black Hawk war. The United States had not7
enough of troops to keep them ia check,
and that union of volunteers from several
tribes had caused immense losses of pro-
perty and waste of valuable lives. How
much did it cost to put an end to this war? He
believed it cost three millions of dollars to subdue
five or lix hundred Indians. But although there
may be no general union, the effects from one hos-
tile tribe might be comparatively troublesome and
expensive. Suppose one should become hostile,
would net many of the young warriors of other
tribes, excited by the pride and glory of war, bs
excited to join under the name of the hostile tribe
to make ravages within our borders'? It would be
the same thing nearly as if a combined union did
exist; volunteers from the Pottawatamies and
Winnebagoes joined Black Hawk.
If it be necessary to protect the Western frontier
from these tribes, it would certainly be u«ju3t to
expect the people of the We^t to undertake that
protection themselves. The whole Union oteei
projection to those State  on the frontier. The peo-
ple of New York and other Northern and Eastern
S'ates, had been relieved from the presence of
those Indians. They got their lands from them,
and sent the Indians themselves to the far West.
Those Indians were placed on ihe frontier of the
Western Slates for ihe convenience and advan-
tage of the whole Union, and why, then, should
notths Government promptly yield all the protection
which i hat circumstance rendered necessary? Is there
not a double debt of protection due to that frontier
from Congreso The old States have been immea-
surably relieved and benefited by tbe withdrawal
of those Indian tribes, and the new States have
been placed in circumstances of increased difficul-
ty danger by their presence on their borders. He
(Mr. Linn) should insist on it that one hun-
dred—one hundred and fifty, nay, two hundred
thousand dollars would not be too much to take
off from the maritime appropriations, and give to
the Western border. He (Mr. Linn) did not say
this in any spirit of sectional feelings—he had sta-
ted his reasons for claiming the protection of the
Western frontier as an act of justice. He would
not be local in bis feelings; he went as far as any
gentleman in favor of the general defence of the
whole Union. He was ready to go for that pro-
tection wtprever it was wanted. All should be
American on that subject. He, however, candidly
believed that the general defence of the ü'nion'wa*
as much needed on the Western fron'ier so any
other point of danger. That frontier was;*t pre-
sent wholly defenc-lesf. From Fort Snelling to
Fort Leavenworth 700 miles, thence to Fort Gil-
son, a distance of 200 miles, no forts, ¡to troops,
were in these wide spaces, with clouds of I \&i ins in
front of the white population. Some vagabond
Osages broke into the State of Mis-ouri a few
years ago and killed some citizens, and fiestroyed
or stole their property. It cost the State of Mis-
souri $60,008 for calling out the militia.   Had
