1280
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there been forts and regular trcops it would have
been prevented, or would not have cost one-fourth
of that sum to suppress the outbreak. It should be re-
collected that a war with Indians is far different from
a war with a civilized people. Every man contend-
ing against such savages has to protect himself,
not alone against physical force, bnt against a wily
and insidious foe, unrelenting in his purposes, and
insatiable in his thirst for blood. The Sena or
from Sooth Carolina [Mr. Preston] talks of mise-
rable Indians because he has never heard their sa-
vage war-whoop; like those who laush at scars
that never felt a wound: yet he overlo ks the facts
and proofs of their indomitable war like spirit
shown in Florida through a protracted war of
years. Look at their invasion of the frontier
counties of Georgia, of ihe murders, scalping, and
burnings in sight almost of Tallahassee and ihe
seat of Government for Florida? They will go
wherever blood and plunder are to be had, and the
danger not great in obtaining them
But my friend has not carefully looked into this
matter. He seems to think that these Indian
tribes will soon be overwhelmed by the accumu-
lating wave of white population on the frontier.
Not so, sir. They are there under the sanction of
solemn treaties. They have patents for their lands.
You are bound by these treaties to prevent war
between the different tribes and between ihem and
us. You are bound by every obligation to spread
among them the lights of knowledge and of reli-
gion. You are bound to civilize and humanize
them, until they are prepared to be blended (it
they ever should) with the great mass of the popu-
lation of the country, or disappear from ihe face
of the earth. True, an accumulation of people
will take place against this, aruficial wall, which,
for ages to come, will be overleaped by ihe Anglo-
American race, now panting for the ferule lands
and mild climate of Oregon and California. To
prove the correctness of this statement it is only
neoes«ary to state that numerous associations have
been formed, and are forming along the western
lm« of Missouri and Arkansas, with a view to emi-
grate to these new and highly favored regions
Many of them have already left, and are nov
reaching for lovely spots in ihe far, far West, for
their future permanent homes, for Ihe broad Paci-
fic is before them. A regular line of vessels leaves
New York twice a year, loaded with emigrants,
their effects and farming implements and double
the Cape for Oregon Territory. A letter was
placed in his hands a few days since from an old
acquamtance,who now resides in Oregon, m which
he gives a glowing description of ihe soil, climate,
and comrafcial advantaees, which entirely coin-
cides with all the information he had teceived trom
that quar'er
Thts state of things will call upon us for a sys-
tem of protection by military and naval forces,
and for a system oí laws, adapted to their situa-
tion, so remote from us. There is now, perhaps,
not less thas two thousand Americans West of the
Rocky Mountains, and we will have there twenty
thousand souls in less than five years This will
divert the attention of our citizens, and will there-
by save for generations to come the Indian tribes
along the Western frontier.
As regards the Oregon Territory several States
have moved resolutions asking the General Go-
vernment to take possession of it, and numerous
petitions are now on file in your Secretary's office,
signed by a very great number oí persons from
all parts of the Union, praying that Congress
will assert our claim to ihis important region
Mr SEVIER had no objection to the pioposi-
tion before them, but what astonished him was,
that the chairman should have gone on and antici-
pated an amendment which he intended submitting,
with some remark^. According to his own state-
ment, the reason for these appropriations, which
was their urgent and immediate necessity, did k<~t
exist; but he would vote for it, as it would be re-
quired before appropriations could again be made
The fault he found with the bill was, that this pro
vision did not extend to forts m his State. La-
borers conld not be procured on them in the sum-
mer season, and yet appropriations for them were
to be deferred, and if made next spring, the work
could njt be done in a year lr~m this time He
was for voting to defend the who e country, and
opposed leaving out Missouri and Arkansas. He
would resist the passage ot any tortification bill
which was partial m its provisions.
Mr. HENDERSON still believed that the ap-
propriations of this bill were unequally distributed.
It appeared to him that it was necessary to inform
the officers of this Government, from time to time,
that there was such a place asNew Orleans, which
was a most important port, as being the outlet of
commerce to a vast extent, and whose necessities
were greater than any port on the Atlantic sea-
board.
Mr. WOODBURY gave notice to the chairman
of an amendment which he shonld offer, which
was to add, for fortifications at the mouth of Pis-
cataqua river, New Hampshire, thirty thousand
dollars This bill was, be supposed, in conformity
with the plan of defenees of 1819, or m pro^p^ct
of immediate war; and in either of these respects,
this appropriation wa  imperiously demanded
There were large deposites of public property, naval
stores, &c; larger than of Boston it=elf; there
were also two States devolved in defence here—
Mame and New Hampshire—for the protection
of which  his proposed amendment was necessary.
Mr. EVANS said he had not learned that there
was any objection to the perding amendment, and
yet it had been in debate two hours It seemed to
him that it was best to pass thi , and then to ex-
amine the details; and to these he had heard no objec-
tions, but the necessity merely was urged of fur-
ther appropriations. As to the plan efthe bill,
about which ihe Senator from New Hampshire
bad inquired, he conceived irooi reading the docu-
ments and the bill, tnat the War Department had
selected the points for which appropriations were
now proposed, which could be soonest made effec-
tive, but the other works of defence were by no
means proposed to be abandoned.
The Senator had complained that the appropria-
tions for the forts ot New Orleans were too small.
He would give him the reason, that appropriations
for this purpose were made to a large amount last
year, which had been suspended, and were now be-
ing expended. To thsse fifty thou«and dollars was
now proposed to be added, which was estimated by
the Department sufficient and necessary to be ex-
pended, in a spirit of economy.
After brief remarks by Mr BUCHANAN, the
amendment of Mr. Prfston was adopted without a
division
Mr. EVANS moved the folbwitig amendment,
of which he nad previousl" given ¡lotice:
"for arrearages due forroadi, harbors, and rivera when pub
he works and improvements ha/e hitheito been made, and Tor
the protection ol public properly now a hand at ihese places,
and fot arrearages for eurveyb and completing maps authorized
byactofMaidi3,]839, íortythou >nj dolíais,"
After a brief suie nem of tl,e necessity of this
amendment, and th?t twenty-nine thousand dol-
lars of the propos-d amount was already due for
arrearages, the amendment was pdopted without a
division.
Mr. BENTON moved the following amendment,
of vbich he had given notice:
"For defraying the expenses of selecting and purchasing a
site for a Western armorv, to be selected by the President of the
United States, the sum of--------dollars "
Mr BENTON moved to fill the blank by in-
serting "seventy five thousand dollars."
At the suggestion cf Mr. HENDERSON the
wo"ds "or Southwestern" were inserted after
the wold "Western:" and ¡he amendment was
adopted
Mr WOODBURY said he should offer an
ament appropmting $30,000 to the fortifications
at the meuih of Portsmouth harbor
As the bill was not proposed to be passed to-day,
he gave notice of th s aojendmeii, End would
briefly state h s leasons in its, favor, so that the
chairman could have an opportunity to inquire
into their correctn°s before to morrow. He was
not aware of the exact principles on which the dif-
ferent selections were made But whether this bill
proceeds on the ground of carrying out the Sjstem oi
maritime defends, adopted after full and scientific
inquiry more than twenty years ago, or even meet-
ing some anticipated and sudden hostilities, the
I mtuth of the Piscataqua river should be forthwith
strengthened in its defences It has always suod
among the first class of places to be fortified on
broad and general principles, both on account of
the commerce of that nver,and the important naval
depot at its mouth.
But on the other ground of any anticipated war
at an early day with some maritime power, it stood
the very first and foremost. It was half a day's
sail nearer Halifax than was Boston, whose de-
fences were to leceive an expenditure of near
$200,000.
It was also sixty miles nearer the Northeastern
boundary, if any incursion was to be made by land
into our territory. The amount of public property
exposed in its important naval depot was, in some
respects, greater than even at Boston He said
nothing now to impugn the appropriations pro-
posed elsewhere But it was very extraordinary
that Portsmouth, with a harbor, accessible at all
seasons and by veise's of all size —with a popu-
lation in itself, and connected in a circle of fifteen
miles round to the head of tide water, near fifty
thousand, and with manufacturing establishments
withm that circle hardly surpassed in value in the
same space in the United States, beside all its
great naval importance to the General Govern-
ment, it was extraordinary that she should be en-
tirely omitted, and a liberal appropriation made to
St. Augustine and another to New Bedford These
last might be proper, and the stnl larger appropri-
ations to Newport and New Bedford might be
proper, yet it is astonishing, as none of them were
naval depots, nor near any border enemy, with
whom hostilities were speedily expected, that they
should be provided for, and Portsmouth wholly
overlooked.
His immediate fellow-citizens at home, it seem-
ed, were to be left to defend themselves at their
own expense, by their own strong arms and brave
heart5; while others, less exposed, were to receive
liberal assistance from the General Government.
Be it so, if gentlemen pleased; but it was neither
just nor generous. Indeed, Maine, as well asNew
Hampshire,  as interested in this question Her
people and villages lined one side of tne Piscata-
qua. He trusted neither of those States were to be
proscribed, though the Senators of Mame were
competent and doubtless willing to take care of
her interests.
There was another consideration most essential
connected with this motion.
If the extended system of maritime defences,
prepared in 1819, had been abandoned or reduced
in its scale of late years, in consequence of im-
provements in steam, then Boston, New York,
Norfoll- and New Orleans., needed large land for-
tifications much less than Portsmouth.
They were surrounded with a great commercial
marine of steamboats, every one of which, on a
sudden emergencj, would be converted into a float-
ing battery, and aid in beating off an enemy,
which must come and bring fuel for its steam,
either across the Atlantic, or from it-, distant pro-
vinces. Six or seven hundred of our steamboats
on ¡he  ea coast and the tributaries of the ocean,
from Eastport to the Sabine, could, in war, be
quickly bristling with cannon—near most of the
great maritime ports before named. He never
dreaded the sixty or seventy steam battenes-of Eng-
land, which generally carried but one or two guns,
if they approached our shores, that had ten times
the number of commercial steamboats near their
supplies of fuel, and most of them susceptible, on
the shortest notice, of being converted into efficient
floating batteries to defend our harbors and rivers.
But this applied at first to only the greatest
wants of commerce, to which numerous steamboats
daily resort He regretted it would not answer in
a sudden emergency for the mouth of the Piscata-
qua.
Portsmouth had few j'eamboa's near, on ac
count ot the rough coa t and short navigable
streams m her neighborhood, and therefore must
confide more in a sudden attack on her permanent
fortifications. Not a gun, he believed, conld now
be fired from those which now existed Not a sol-
dier, he believed, now traversed their ramparts, ex-
cept to protect the public property from waste. If
these facts, then, did not warrant the appropriation,
