CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               á8í
he should despair in obtaining it But he insisted
on the ngat of his constituents to equal justice in
the distribution of public protection
Mr CLAY of Ken'ucky said he did not know
that he «hould vote for this bill at all He was op-
posed, at any rate, ta sw llmg its amount bv the
various amendment  which might be supposed ne
cessary. The last amendment of seventy five
thousand dollars for a site for an armory, appeared
to him an enormous appropriation As to this
amendment, he would ask if it had received the
sanction of the Department and of the ommu-
tee, both of which it ought to receive before i s
adoption.
Mr. PRESTON answered that this had not been
before the committee, and he could not vote for
it. The amendmsnts already adopted had all been
sanctioned, either by the Department or the com-
mittee.
Mr. WOODBURY adverted to the statement he
had to-day made of the necessity of the amendment,
and wished gentlemen to consider these tacts before
they rejee'ed the amendment
Mr SEVIER moved 10 recommit the bill, with
instructions to amend it by adding necessary ap-
propriations for such forts ou the South and South-
western and Northwestern frontitrs, as may be ne-
cessarc and proper for the delence of the coun-
try. This he withdrew, at the suggestion of Mr.
■Walker
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Woodbdbt, which was rejected.
Mr. SEVIER renewed his motion to recommi'
This would obviate the difficulty of scattering
amendmen s, and by it those which were proper
would be inserted
Mr WOODBRIDGE hoped this notion would
meet a favorable reception The forts of Arkan-
sas, and other Southern and Western foa«, were
of eminent importance for the defence of the coun-
try, and they had been omitted m the bill
Mr BENTON advocated the motion to recom-
mit, as it would afford an opportunity to the com-
mittee to gain further information
Mr PRESTON hoped the bill wou d not be re-
committed There was a bill for new fortifica-
tions, which might, in the cour>e of legislation,
come beiore the Senate This was for old appro-
priations, to which no objection could be made,
and the amendments desired could more appropri-
ately be considered with the other bill
Mr. YOUNG moved to amend the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Arkansas [Mr Sevier]
to recommit the bill, so as to insert alter the word
appropriations, "tor such other posts, fortifications,
harbors, rives, and military roads as may be deem-
ed necessary for the defence of the Western, North-
western, and Southwestern frontiers "
Mr. Youno said that he was in favor of
the recommitment of the bill with the instruc-
tions proposed, in order that justice might be
done to th whole c^untiy He understood that
the object of the new Administration was to com-
m-nce, with a view to a «peeay completion, a
system of defences, the best calculated to defend
the country in the event of war. Now, said, Mr
Y. does this bill provide for the defences of toe
country—by which he meant, the whole country!
On the contrary,was not the West—the entire We.t
and Nothwest, wholly omitted by the arrangement?
S r, said Mr Y is not the honorable caairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr Pres-
tun] as well as the Department of War, entirely
mistaken m respect to the most exposed parts of
our widely extended frortier, in case of a war
with that power, with which we are most likely
to have difficuliy? Who dr s not know that the
most exptsed part of this whole countrv, is that
portion of our territory represented m this chamber
by the honorable Senator who sus before me [Mr
Woodbridge,] and his colleague [Mr Poktee ]
who sits upon rry right, of which Dejron
isthecentie? He said, that harbors, the improve-
ment of rivers and military roads, as well as forti
fications, were also essential to the defences of the
country, and ought not to be left out of considera
Hon, So far as Illinois was concerned, he hoped
that an appropriation would be made for the re-
commencement and prosecution of the work on the
harbor of Chicago, an  appropriation for the erec-
tion of a new light-house at t .e same place, aud a
further appropriation  for the iraprovem°nt of the
nangation of the Upper  Mis issippi river, at the
Rock river,   and   De0momes Rapids     He said,
that m relation  to the harbor at Chicago, the first
appropriation for ¡is commencement of $33,801
was made on the 28th of June,  1834, the second
of #32,800 on the 3d of March, 1835, the third of
#32,000 on   the 21 of   July, 1836,   the fourth of
§40,000 on  the 3d of March, 1837, aid the  fifth
of $30,000 on the 7th of July, 1838, making m
the whole 1167,601     Since  which fast mentioned
period, he said, no further appropriation had  b en
made, and the works left in an unfinished condi-
tion    That dilapidation of the works had alrr-ady
commenced, and a portion of of the bank on which
the city of Chicago stood, its principal constituent
being sind, was also fast falling  into the lake for
the want of breakwater, from tne  action of the
waves in   seasons of   rough weather.     Captain
Cran, of the Topographical Engineers, «ays, in
one of his recent reports, that the commercial inte-
rest of all thf States bordering upon the lakes is
intimately connected wnh Chicago as a place of
tr<nshipment and  deposite,   and th? agricultural
prospects of Illinois, Missouri, Indiana, Iowa, and
Wiskonsan, are to become greatly dependent upon
facilities for business upon a large scale, at some
point at the sjuthwe tern part of the shore of Lake
Michigan, which Lake is a pait of the great chan-
nel of inland sea^, by   which ihe staple  of  these
States and Territories will reach the Eastern mar
kets     The importance  of Lake Michigan in a
mihtmy point ■ f view, he «ay, should not be over-
looked   Its position, with respect to the facilities of
procuring provisions and for transportation, and its
unequalled adaota'ion for hwbors, mo which arm-
ed steamers and o her armed vessels  might   retire,
for repairs and supplies, would add peculiar value
to  this  inland  sea     Aud in the event of war be-
t sf>en the United States and  the power in posses-
sion of haif of  aU the o'her lakes Lake Michigan
migV become the scene of c< ltcntion     A loss of
Us  possession would certain! f be attended   with
conssquences of serious import to the c immerce,
agriculture, an 1 saf-ly of a large and growing por-
tion  of  the  West     In conclusion, he  ¿(Ms that
from the considerations he has mentiored, (wi h
msny others v.hich are necessarily omitted on ac-
count of the lengu of the report,) it would s e<n
that the ron irtcíio-iof a 'ae, convenient, and
permanent harbor at some point on the west shore,
no' lai fiota the southern extremity of the lake, is
íequired. And he thei gies on to indicate Chic?go
as that point, and to recommend an improvement
and completion of the works already commenced
there    To do this, he proposes to extend the north
pier of the harbor  at the mouth of the Chicago
river twelve hundred feet, in  the form of a curvp,
beyond the point where the work has stopped for
the want of funds    This, ex ennon, he adds, would
run c ff into twenty tnree feet wa'er, and would per-
form, at the same tune, the further office of a breik
water to the entrance of the h.-ibor, now r* ulered
essential tor the protect on of me falling m part of
the piomontory oi which the city is constiucled
He further proceses to ter" na e the ex remity of
tins piei with a circular head of sufficient capaci y
md solidity to ser .re   fo'  the founda ion oi a ne
light-hou^e, ,-s the old one, from its position, i  t< o
lev,  and  Ko  rar  'ark  upoa ihe land, with ih"
present  improved condit on of the city, to answer
the purpose for which it wa^ intended
The new  h ht hou=e,   he  thinks, should be  ft
least sixly f.et h gh exclusive of the lantern, which
would make the light about «ixtveven feei above
the surface ot the water     Tne  cost of this  piei
head he es<iraat s at $3 707, and the en ire cost of I
the    li^ht hou e,   exe'u ive   of   the   lantern,    at I
$11 434     For tne imnrove lent and comt letion of
the haroor itself, he has submi ted three plant, wnh
es imates for each     Accordms to the fir t „nd
cheapest mode the total amount for the c mpHton
of the harhor is set down < t $73 080, by thJ second
plan, #89 775, and by the third, but most approved
and permanent plan, §915,473    Tne advantage to
be derived from this la=t piopositwn, said Mr Y
is, that nothing will be required to keep it m repair,
whue the others, less expensive in the commence-
ment, are much more subject to casualties, and
will, at all events, require from five to ten thousand
dollars annually for necessary, if not indispensable
repairs
Mi. Y. said he had been thus particular, that
the Senate might certainly see the ultimate extent
to which the proposed appropriation tended; and,
laying aside all other considerations, to show ifs
importance in the event of war, in a military point
of view He asked if that importance could be
doubted by any Senator who h*d or would take
the trouble to cast his eye upon the map, and see
its connection with the gfeat chain of lakes upon
that portion of our frontier, which, in case of a
rupture, was certainly much the most exposed part
of the whole country, and would be the firat at-
tacked Tne Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Woodbridqe,] who sat before him, he said he was
sure would sustain him in what he said All that
he desired was a fair and equitable appropriation
as compared with the other public woiks embraced
by the bi 1, commensurate with the importance of
the protection of that portion of our extended fron-
tier, and he was confident that his constituents
would be satisfied with nothing less.
But, Mr President, (said Mr. Yorao) are the
lives, and property of our enterprising fellow-ci ízena
who navigate 'he lakes, to be reckoned as nothing?
Is protection alone to be extended to those who
prefer the ocean to the lake, to those whose lots have
b en cast by fortune, rather than in consequence of
any preference upon the broader, but perhaps less
dangerous element? Sir, said Mr. Y. to give the
Senate some ilea of the distress and loss which
often occur upon Lake Michigan for the want ot
convenient harbjrs in tempestuous weather, I
wid read an extract from the letter of Mr E Starr
to Judge doty, dated at uMilwaukie, May 9, 1840
Mr Starr says that—
Tlnee or foul steamboats have passed up Lake (Michigan,)
with many emigianis for our Territory (Wiskonsan ) but the
lake was so rough that ihey could not land heie, the wind hav-
i ig blown fiom the northeast for a week The Erie, Buffalo,
Bunker flill and Illinois steamboats, all having gone up ma
gate with noplace in our lemiory iorthemtoruninto There
has been property enough lost within the last ten days on Lake
Michigan to have built three good harbors The steamer
Lhampkin the brig Queen Charlotte, and four or five schoo
ners aie ashore, and ome of them total wrecks
Heconcludi-s by saying
That it is a pity they were not freighted with members of
Congress "
IVse remarks are of course as well applicable
to Chicago as Milwaukie, and apply with stronger
force, oi account of its superior importance as a
post ot entry, and landing place for emigrants
In regard to an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the upper Mississippi r.-
ver at the Rick river ana Desmomes rapids, Mr.
Young said ihat the same necessity prevailed asm
the cjse or th-' harbor at Chicago. Boih improve-
ments had been stopped after they had been suc-
cessfully commenced, and were approaching rapid-
ly to co npltt on Capt Lee of the Engineer
C >rps, who had cbarae of this work, said, in his
report 11 October 31, 18á9, that the operations of
the preceding }ear had bem limited to the design
of opening ao great a length of channel through the
"De momes rapids" as the means would permit;
tnat there had been removed from the different
parts ot the chamel upwards of two thousand tons
of st ne, which, by connecting the different pools
of wa er, rad opened a channel four miles long
throu h t e wors pt ruon ot the rapids He said
ihat the work was entirely practicable, provided
tht seasons were favorable, as had been proved,
and tk-at it was to be regretted that the means at
tht disposal of the Department had not Been ample
for the season, tor if such bad been the case, he
sa> s a navigable channel could have been made
through the entire lower rapids. Tne facilities for
coat njmg tne vork, he adds, consist of a steam
lowboat, three keel b ats, smiths'-shop, laboratory,
&c. five transportation b >ats, two double crane
boats, one s ngte do. one current boat for towing,
platforms, drills, and stands sufficient fur one hun-
dred men, a supply of rigging, cables, blasting ca-
nisters, and pswdar.
So far, so good, said Mr. Y. Every thing pro-
vided and in good repair, a skilful engineer to
conduct the operations, and every indication fa-
