CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            283
now, and another feature was to be added to the
Constitution, never cou'empla'ed by ifc, framers,
bu , on the contrary, expressly rejec ed. All th,s
was to be done under the plea of necessity. Some
other argument for it must be given than that the
questicn was «ettltl. Hosv setded' By whom?
Who authorized th^m to settle the quest on for us?
To think for us? it had been settled by kgi latcrs,
judge , and Presidente, with whom we of the pre-
sent time had nothing to do. In addition to which,
it was said to have be n confirmed by public opi-
nion also. I', indeed, all the alleged decisions
could be es ablished, a high cas  of authority might
be made oat, but a closer examination wou'd show
that the power hid bren denied and lis exerc se re
pea'ed'y condtmned. It was due that Congress,
ia 1791, d,d charter a Bank— hat the question oí
power had been dr-cu'se i—and fhatsome nvm1 ers
of the convention who framed the Coastitution had
al-o been mf mbers of thit CVngiess There were
nine of tl em, ?nd wt.'e five were for the Bank,
four had been ¡?*au, t it, the weight of ta ent being
confessedly with ¡he lat er Anion  the oppon nu
had been th^ lllus'rrus Mjd son, wnose sp^ec'i
on that occasion was r-=ad, ad.airtd, and stadi^d 'o
this hour.
Under all the circuitls,í'nce<!, W . Saj^d-rs did
not consider this act of Congress as veiling so
much in the argument is it appeared to the gen le-
mán from Pennsylvania [Mr oerg a\t] to do
The Government was just going into operation,
an i the Bank i.as an experiment in 18II, C in-
gress came to an impoitant decision, which the
genllemm from P^nnsj lvama with hi-, u ual tact
had entirely pastea over The constitutional ques
tion had been raised and extensive y discussed
Could it be rnaintami.il that Jefter on and Madron
considered the ques ion a-, stt led1 They had a
majon'y in Congress m 1811, and jt. m that C n
gre-s the question was rai-ed and dec ded gga i?st
the Bank. A new Bank was chartered in 1316, out
then the circamstanccs were sach that the cons i u-
tional question was not raised. The Bank was
chartered from necessity, and under duress. No-
thing was then decided but the question of expc
diency. So, in 1832, when the Bank had yet four
ye us to run. The came the polmcal revolution of
1837 The question of Bank or no Bank had been
ra'sed during lhe e'ection of General Jackson, ana
again m the canvass of Mr. Van Buren, and both
times decided asairst the Bank by an mámense ma-
¡oriiy Th s r as an < ff et to th* ¡>u b n y oí those
d cisiors which were cl-mud on the o h°i side
So much f>r ihe ¡egi-lative action on trie eonsfiiu-
uonal question.
Then, as to the Executive deer ions, the name
of Washington had been used with great íorce,
but le' it not be ft rg^tten with how mu"h hesitA-
tion that great m?n had signed the first B^nk bill
True, Mr Jeffs son bad signed a bill for Ue New
Oilcans branch but then the Bank ivas already
estabh bed, and the op n ons of his whole life had
been expressly opprsed ,o n. It hid been si d that
Mr. Jefferson wou'd have s'pied a Ba dr. bill if
presented to him. But bo-' could tars Le kniwn,
it was mere conjecture. Mr Madison had t lso
signed a bill m 1816, but his argum-nts m 1791
still remained unanswered and unanswerable. Xhe
e'ections of Jackson and Van Buren were st oig
expr-s ions of popular op n on ¿gain-t the Bar>k
And so, indeed, was that ft Gereral H=tru on, who
had given an express opinion tha* Congress had
no power to ch r er a B«k, vho had voted for
Mr Johnson's resolut on to i oue a. sene facial and
even to repeal the charter wit out it. And as to
we opinion of President Ty ei, i was know o be
deridedly aciinst the oonsuiuti, nal power of Con-
gress to establish a Bank The weight of Execu-
tive opinion, therefore, lay on the owe. bid ■
Mr. S n xt proceeded to examine the jud c al
autnonty in favor of a Bank, and he insisted that
the decision > of trie Supreme Court in its favor
were operative only during tbe continuance ot its
charter, bat hid now no authority, and tberefoie,
Congress might treat the question of charter or no
chtrter as an original question. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergeant] had said no-
thing of any deciaion m tbe opposite direction. He
took no notiee of the disclosures, in he late Madi-
son papers as u what had pas(edm the convention
when the proposal to insert a Bank power in the
Copstitut on was argu d and reject d
Gentlemen nsisted tha' pub'.c option no v
called for a Bank This *" t v rent was ev<--y
where urged, bat how was it 'ujp lUd? By the
issuer of th la e elections' Th y we e no teat, be-
cause m many of theSia'es the bank quest.on was
never rai>ed It hod not been raised in Nonh Ca
rolma; and Mr. Badger, in a public speech, hid re-
futed the assertion that General Harn on vt aj in
fa/or of a Bank, and denounced it as a false
charge. Mr S here qeo'ed th" speed of Mr.
Badger, and then the addres oí a Wh g Federal
rimmune, which dselt on lb  topics oí extrava-
g?uec, of a standing army, ¡end of the pu jbe land*¡,
but contained not a word , bout a B mk It could
not, therefore, be inferied tl at tne Whig vote for
Haruson was a vole ftr a Bank Beside-, when
the Legislature of North Cart lina had become
Whig, though res ¡titions were introduced to in
st uct S^notors and Representatives to vote f< r a
Ba> k, th^y were n«t ores ed, bt cause the party had
not power to cany then
Mr S inswed that whenever the question had
been directly p it t<- the people, tin y had always de-
cidid against a B^rSi, and even it public opinion
were the other v ay, it would not prove that mem-
bets ol Cingre«s had no power o think fnd act for
th°m elves If they bad a d/t i Jen opi non on tbe
cors'i Hinnal ques'ion, were tbe, not'o be allowea
to express n' It \ws a bold doctrine, not intended
to operati w.thiti, bat with ut the wa Is ot Con-
gre^ M . S lii-isttd he had a periect n^ht to
heat this as an original question and to act accoid-
mg to his own opinion He then entered briefly
into a consideration of the cor-tnutional qnes'ion,
stated the d^tmc ion between specified and implied
powers, and íes >tcd thf>! ihe Uttei rtsielup n
ib"ir being ne^es ?ry arl ,nd ^p-nso'o1, to ca ry
out the formal. Gemlaucn ~ re di pojed to jud¿e
ol the Con¡>tuu ion to'si much f )m Us own letter
as (rom the measures tiey wish to a ry ur Vr its
sanction Even tre alien and ^edi'ion laws had
once bfen considerad as consti'iiiiDnal, though
none would now venture to express such an opi-
nion.
The gen'leman fiom Pennsjlvama had referred
to the derision in 1701, and not to tbe powers in
the Consutu'ion. Mr. S he^e lead „n txtract from
the «-peech of Mr. Clay in 1811, sgamst the Bank
Thegenil man from PennsyH aoi«, [Mr Sí-Rgilant ]
vwh ¡us usu 1 tic1, had ref°rre i to a deception b>
the old Coil r-l;s t>ata Bank wa, mdi'-pi n=aoly
neec-sar, to cirrj on theGov-i¡ ¡n i t Buff tney
Ird been led to believe so by ¡ne re^t.1 sol f<e Re-
volu nn, «by btid trey n jt expressed that opinion
in the Constitution? It had been .wicp propo-ed
in the con^enuon, and twice rej^e'e^. Mr & here
quoted the Madison P<jp rs, to snow the opinions
oí 'Vlr Midism and Mr King.
He decli-ed tononing en 'he expediency of char-
ting the Bdnk, hut made some icmarks on the
pre pe. uf estab i h i>¿ a íi ral B ' \ in t e D strict
oí OilinKi i, rh c'< tie c n-, lend au .nsidious and
dn^jeroris mole ot eyadu g i"< co isu nt cnal c'lffi-
ciitf. Tne p )wfr of Ccngrc^ to 1 gi-, i t. exclu-
«iv ly for this District v a, r cily a municipal
po. e , ?nd could not be ex'enn^d in o the Stat s
An', even th s po vcr m < ' be ejerased m ci nfor-
nn y v/i'h the Cjrst tut on The bill a'loWcd Con-
gre"-s to hold Ipnd , tcreireni , ai d hc-edttamen"-,
f^r «*iicb there was no jiowci in the Cons i ution
It Congress couM legisla'i. ft r lhe St tes through
tKii D ctr et in o e c-se, it could in II cases. If it
could act in relation toaBt1 ¿, it c uld also in re
U ion to e'avrry It m,ght not oi ly set frteail
s1 ves ia ihe D stric-, but mmht decíase tnat all fu-
gitive slaves fr >¿u the States snobld bef.te the mo.
ment their feet touched the sv\ Tb s was giono'is
due'rme for Sou hern spntlemen to alvocate' lie
did not caarg" the majority with any such do>izr.
But let the principle once te ti ab i-^<-d, a"d put
into the hands of fanat'cism, and Us onward career
could ne?er be resisted He should resist it at
the thieshoid; and placing himself en the ram-
parts of tHe Constitution, he should cling to its pil-
lars with a death grasp, and if th y tell, was con-
tent to be crushed bsneath their ruins.
Mr. STUART spoke at length in fa.or of
the bill.
Tb  debate was continued to a late hour by
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana, in opposition to the
bill.
Mr. K   having concluded—
Mr  JOHN T. MASON obtained the fiVor.
Whereupon the committee rose and reported pro-
gress
Mr. MORGAN give rotice that he would to-
moriow introduce the fo^owi. g resomtton:
Ütsolled, Thai at 12 o'clock meridian, on Fuday next, tlia
6th in«ant, all debate in Comratteeuf the Wholeon the stale
ot ike I moi on the Sena'e hill No 5, shall cea e, and the com-
mittee t,hall proctetl to vote on all tmendments that may at that
time be pending and that m ty be ottered, and shall then report
the said bill lo the Hou«e, wiih such amendments as have been
agieed 10 by the coir mime Provided, That nothing m this re
solution shall piecludc the committee from reporting the Ml
at any time pilot to the lime above specified
Mr PROFFIT suggested (ironicilly) that the
gentleman had bettei so modify hit resolution as
to tike thi bill out of committee to motrow.
And the House adjnurned.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, A iguat 3, 1841
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial,
signed by 128 citizens of JSew York, askirg the
eEacmentof a geueral lankrupt 1-w.
The resolution submitted on Friday last by Mr.
Allln, to hold Executive sessions with open doors,
^wbeie treaties were not under consideration,) was
taken ti , wl en
Mi. ALLEN rose and spoke at some length in
favor of the adopt on 0t the resolution. In lhe
case of tieaties, be maintained, theie was a mani-
fest propriety in sitting nun clo,el dtors, because
with foreign powers the m eretts \?eie adverse to
our o jn But in lelation to nominations, to sit
v nh rlosed doors wa to treat nominees as enemies,
or as ihouüi they had no d iect agency in tbe wel-
lare oí tbe otutmy Sei atois were the agents of
the people, and had no right to hide from tbem
the affairs of the Government. He said the Ex-
ecutive officer whoaepaned from prmup e conld
be reached, and the power was vested abo in the
Government to reach he legislative delinquent;
and he shou d regard the man as a great benefactor
of human liberty v ho would find some means o
so w.'hont interfering with the liberty of the act.
He r-garded ^ecri cy as anti-American—as a bad;e
ol de^pütlsm, ard maintained that it was the right
ot the people to have all the business ¡n which
they «ere concerned open as the light of day.
What wa it tha' convulsed lh • country every four
years about the Piesiden'ial election Wai it on
account of s<>lectmg that t fiieer? No, but tbe se-
lect ons if individuals which he had the power to
make, and hence it was important that the cha-
rac'er of oil nominees should be scrutinized. He
wculdgo further, aid sciutmize manners as well
as moral*-, at d make th.m also a test of fitness for
office, Ue woud have tne officer treat the citizen
mtp oecjm rs respect. He bad seen petty officers
lieatcit ' «s wua contumtly aad sligh', thussour-
lpg the minds ot l, cUvitlaats acaicst ths Govern-
ment, wnen it ong^t to be aga rist the officer.
Mr CLiY rep el, m bntt, that he would not
en er in o the discii-sion then, thty vie.e assemb'ed
for the ptiiorman'-e of ui ponaat trusts, at an e:%ra
session, v.hirh wa , thej had ;ome reason to hope,
wituin tw cr th ee weiks ot i'« close. It was un-
di. Mich circumstances that the Stnatu frcm Ohio
had thought hi to sjbruit a propo ltion which went
io cnang" a ! abi  uat ha t 1 een continued f'om the
vc.v onm^nccment of ihe Government to tne pre-
tnt period, and to of t i the Executive business to
"II th t mi^ht bs p eased to at end. Th<> occ?sion
was not fioj-ei, aid the i  ,e had rot c rrc when
Mien cnanges were to beeffected. He c «id eafily
show, if be were so disposed, that 'he "^me pnnci-
ole was as applicable to nommstions as to treaties.
Wnst would be the effect ot such a step? Why
tha', m their investigations of character, individu-
áis might be exposed, which would be unpi asant,
to say the least, besides having a tendency to en-
large the debates to tn unlimited extent He ihe'e-
fore felt it bis duty to move to lay she resolution
on the table, and he would not withdraw the mo-
tion upon any solicitation.
