286                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      l
.....                                                                                                                                                                                                 ----------------------------------------—                   i                              —*-------"              -     ■       ■  ■       ——                                          ......           '       jiily
romirg million;, of money aid adding  millions of
taxes apon the people.
If there is any exis'irg emergency which de-
mand* this va5t increase of the expenditures, we
have aright to know it No such emergency ex
ists—noDe such is pretended. None of us appre-
hend an attack frrm any foreign power. There is
noihme in onr relations with other Governments
which jU3tifie-> trie apprehension t^at our present
state of peace will be disturbed Surely if any
difficul y with a foreign power were apprehended,
we should have had some intimation of thp fact
from the Executive The 'esnlt then it, that m a
state of pio^oand peace, with no cause anticipated
likely to d>s urb that peace, the War Department
urge-, us, with an empty Treasury, to authonz  the
expenditure of three times as much money for for-
tifications as Congress dcem°d suffict nt «hen they
had millions to give afpy to the Slates.
We have been told, Mr Presiden', that we movt
nseessanly rep we much confidence in the estimatts
and recommendalit ns from the Executive Depart-
ments I admit this to be true, as a general pro-
position, and confimnp myself to the reports from
the War Department, I shall mideruke to scow
that this addmoral approprianon is unnec««ary
But I must first remark that the p ililical fr em's of
the Secretary of War b°p¡n no to have rep «eil
implicit c nfidence in his e t mates and rt to in men
dation. He has estimated tint he can expend pro-
fitably and econom cally, durmg the present yeai,
{SI,485 500 upon the e $ ntial works cf defence, in
addition lo the appropriations ( ereto ore made for
th* same objects By jour bi!l>ou confide m his
estima e o ily «o far as to a propmte $1,019,000
Yon proposi to yield somethm  mere th n halt the
amount he demands lam otpo ed to yielding ?ny
thing, and I think i can ^how, frrmh s o*n íe, oik
that III thing csn be prr fnahly or r> rmimically ex.-
pended Turn n<r, tnen, Mr Pre iJent, to the se-
veral reports from the Wai IVpotment comeeted
with this bill, tr first proposition whuh ! sn>l
establish by ibein i , th t sum the 4th ofMaich
Jail the Secretary ot War has been pn hing the
work on the fornfications "with the utmost possi-
b'e vigor " So soon as he entered uptn his new
cflice, under the influence of the temporary panic
wh ch seems to have prevailed n some of the De
partments the new Secretary of War seems to
have i een looking outtoi a British flee , and m-
der that feeling, he gave immediate directions that
th° woik on the [ot ifi at oris >hou d be ca ned on
with all po^'ilil' di'iotn<e lh>* following i an
extract (rom ihe rep in of ih- S cutaij (t W,ir,
accompanying the Presidents message at the b -
ginning of thi  si sion
"The exponíanles i tin bt nrhoftho 9 ivi t li \t !j m
morei onsidet tblt, in the muni q intra thin u ¡1 il ¡ linnet
the aft lillon^i i| pr tpn u 1 s 1st 1 1 1 attain 1 ill 1 1 th y
wouldh 11 been tin Ik 11I11 ly ( 1 imitinfin il wthiihH
happened wilt be 1 \p! 1111 I bv ih I ct thi s on aliei ihe c
cession of yo ir im bc li it 1 1 Unit niel predices. 1 o I the
means at the disposal d tins Drpu hnPi t ire/e Incctedto
be employed upon the /oi tt/itat 01   an I ill pi irj /s foi  tu
?>roteelion of the Allan! c ftontiei in lite ininnei dp ned
test calculated Lo pi aduce the gieatest 1 odible efficicn y in
thp sho rest ti np lhiscoui^t tpi eir l > bo t it p 1 lor by th
unsettled and thitatenme; i^ieci doit foietgn relations
I desue to bt, un lersttol Mr Pits den , p- cist
ipg no censure u wn the Eoeretaty ot W,i> 'o' die
vigorous manner in wl ich he se fbou pre,n n,<
for a viMt from the Bn ish í¡ e' My pts non s
that4ie did his du*v, bis whole t!ut\, and rotnm„'
buthisduty, in oideun? the whole resouics at
his disfos."-!, to be \igorou ly sppitetl to the fort fi-
cations But as 1 am ol c tous to do th  Secreta-
ry of War ample justice fcr hi vigoro ¡s rVc irr>e
of duty on th  occ-  i >n iererred to,I \, ¡1 turn, next
touts lettei to h-liou e of Representatives of he
17m Jay, in which he again furnile-n \u h
strong decumen ary poof of the fid lit/ wi h
which he discharged hi? duties. In th it letter he
savs
s One of the fiist acts ofilK *> par ment aftet tilo í h of
March acting by the authority of the Pie tent was to dnert.
that the workson 11 the f ruiitamni vhich were tletmp 1 if
the first impoiun t stioill b ¡i^-r I ftrward with Titr:
ürMOST viooi AVn of patí n en nj ittlb c ir Ih ti c natu e and
requisite quality of Ike wmi '
Confining my^elt cn'irely, Mr. Piesident, to the
ofücial reports emanaüi g frcm the War Depar'-
ment, 1 have satisfied myself that since the 4th of
March last, the whole resources of the Depart-
ment have been devoted with untiring diligence to
the wrrk on the fortificat ons^ and that it has been
prosecu ed from thit day to tins wi h the utmost
v gor and in a manner to produce the s-rea'est effi-
ciency m the shortest time Sir, I am sati fied
from those reports that the Secretary of War has
done all that mortal man could do
Now, Mr. President, laving shown the energy
and vigor of the Secretary of War in pushing the
work on the fortification  s nee the 4th of March
last, I have b en curious to ascertain what progress
he his made m expending money Confining my
self still to the official reports, I fHd that on ihe
4th of Match last, he hrd available means at his
drposa! amoniting to about $850 000 apphcab'e
to tho e fornications Well, sir, he went to wc,rk,
as be himself informs us, with ail his energy, or-
dered "the whole of the resources at h s disposal '
(for hat is his laBguage) to be s ) applied as ' to
produce the greatest possible efficiency in the short-
est time," and on the 1st day of Apr 1, aftei one
month of hard work, he bad expended about
$80 000, leaving still at hi« i'sposal $784 025 87
But th1 energy and vigor of the Seueiary oí War
were not snfferej to sleeken, be pushed forwaid
with the ame Uudib e diugtnceduiing the rro llhs
ot ápn1, May an i June During these three firjt-
r-ite ttor'r ti" mon hs, he (alts us m his letter of .he
17ih July, hat heexoenied $,248 653 07, which is
equal to §83,884 36 per norm From the sane
effiual 'eiter «e learn that the Stcretary of War
had *till on hand unefpended on the 1st of July,
§535 373 80
Here, Mr PiCMdent, I must pause a moment
to remind ' enalo s of the important po it on wmca
I have lake > so much pams to c-t ibh u— bat dn>"
ing the ' itir months <f March, April, May and
June, undtr the u fluence f I ip threa'tn ■ a1-
ft't t-f our f< Riga r U i n , t^o Score ary of Wai
w„s most tioo-ni ly u ai-g oi I'se p^b'it. > o ks
on the 'bitifi'itions Nutv, sir, I must h re aKo
pay a me tI — I t mp'i iifnf t> ihe strict recite',
wl it h th St „ret.>ry b is shown for eton tny His
ex nthlures drum? thtse four good woikmg
months were only $82,884 3G per month.
I have no ", Mr President, one simple ques ion
to pnpound to Senators'? Do th'y b lieve that
tie Secretary of War could h&ve prosecuted the
works on the ftrtification  witn any .tuiie vigor
than he ha^ done? Is any one prepare 1 to que<s
tu n the vencity of 'Se S cretarj^ Do we repose
confidence m his report 1 To say thai he could
haye pu htd the w >ik fas er than he Ins don°, is
not only (o cha ge him with faith't^n ss in bis
t fli*o , ful to s amp nis official communications to
C mgiess wi h UKtiio d1 i «ill not sup los-ihat-iny
S n^toi is pre'■'red tidohtm si mu„t i jusiic
li th c, sir, the Stcre aty of War has hihtrlo
tin i" all wi hin his piver to advn,ce l'ln ok on
th fo 'i'iv,nti' n , I take it forg an ed ill t t j n^
the bine of the ven, his ex i tnstaii fTe,,' no
more h-n Ik/ hivt d inns; Ihe f >'ir mo- ' s m^n
ti ice1 V ing, ihei , his u mon v go , I am v ir-
'a it d et n 11 tin  tru.t h . ex, c ill ur- , f du« re-
gard is had >eoi om), ctm >tex""ed 4, 2 881 36
ptr m n h, frci tiv fi  t ol July o t*-e en ' m t c
vear At tut rale rf xpcrtl tu e 'cw tfxhcn ,
d irn i the s x n o i a,, from J ily o th-1 c 1 of the
jeai, |r)33 306 16, Lavig ismill bala ce of hn
p ese ii mem> unexpe"! 'ed C' ifi 1 n,> ip ih™ r -
pjrl cf the D putm nt, thtn, I im br -"ht nre-
si tahly to the eoeclus o  thpt ¡he S cre'ary no *
h?s in h s handi is i luch nionpi s he can exp nd
profitab'v anl ceo omciHv uur ng th  pie^ert
jear II my coiclusion i erron'ius I r-a/e been
led into the r ror b^ the Sept. ary 1 irn^eif, m t> -5
■> cp' ? 1 o 'ho v that he h's dnchar¿ed n s duties
with p t oiiar fi It lit/.
But, M- President we have alraidy been til \
that he Sec et^rv ot Wir recomm°nJs thu an to
puaiion, and thit he irfcms Congiess, vi one of
his official commu ncat'ons iha* the 11 ount a- ked
for can be pronuoly expended durm  ti p jeai It
i%true, sir, that the Sperct^ry Joes make 'h'-e state-
ments, an 1 in so doinf, places hims It in an awk
ward dilemma I rrly upon the experi neit made
by htm during four mcnfhs as more reinóle than
his estimates and conjectures for the next six
months I have this benefit of facts, whilst the
friends of this bill must disregard the facts and con-
fide in estimates and conjectures I state it to be
a fac, that during four months the Secretary hss
exerted his utmost vigor, and has expended but
&82 884 per month Sena ors who support this
bill must rely upon the onjecture, that for the re-
maining six months the Sec-etary can expend, pro-
fi ably and economically, $175,000 per month !
I  know he could expend that amount, and a great
deal more, but ceuld he expend it profitably and
economically?   That is the question.
But, Mr President, the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Evans] has advocated this bill upon the
ground that the appropriations will be expended in
the first half of the jeir 1842 Upon examina-
t on of the official documents before us from the
War Department, it will be found that there is
some inconsistency m iha different statements
therein made Upon a full investigation of the
«hole •subject, I am saUsfied thit these appropria-
tions are a^ked for 'he purpose of being expended
during this year. In his letter of the 17th Jul), to
the House of Repicsenla'tves, the last dtcament
from the Department, wi'l be found the fo lowing,
viz:
(The estimates in 1 stitements beietofoie transmitted to the
House from tins Depaitment, weie based upon the supposition
that the whole amount of foimet appropriations for fortifica
tion together wnh the incieased amount askel at the present
session of Congress, could an I proeabia would be jtjdi
cioloIV expended within the pre^bnt year consequently
it was estimated that the amount of forniei appropriations
would be exhati&ted befóte the close of the year
The Secretary ot War is sumcien'ly explicit in
thi j remmunica ion, far more so than he usually
is He tell> us di tmclly that his estimates and
su'ememo were based upon Ihe supposition, that
the whole pmiunt of former appropriations, t -
geth r witn that now a^ked, would probabiy be
( xoended during the i^a1-. In the same 1-ttei the
Ch ef Engineer, Col Tot en, hold  tie sime expli-
cit hrguafo.    He saj
The remaining balance of ^491 653 (on the 15th July ) un«
Icr tliemoi e fiieigplic piogrp^ which it is teemed to be so
imjoita ttogive to the woiks, may all be exp°ndid together
wi ¡i the grant  a ke t m the estimates now before Congress,
ant witli biuctattt ntion moreover to economy an 1 good ma-
na^ ment, before the close of the woi king season of the North,
and it an eaily day aftei the season shall hace opened at
the South
The S-cretary of War and the Chief Engineer
then cmcur in the declaration that the whole
amount of the old appropriations, and those now
asked, are expee'ed to be expended during the pre-
sent, year. How teis will coincide with the facts as
represented during the months of March, April,
May, and June, I shall not now stop to inquire.
My obj-ct now is to írquire vhelher both the Se-
cretary and the Chi f Engin cr have not b.p'd a
Giffcren* laij'iagein reference lo the'-e v ly appro-
p nt oís, li will be observed thit the le ter of
iheS c ctarv, to which I have just beei referring,
i  da el tn t t 17 h of July
The other let'cr from 'he Sccretaiy of War,
dated on tne 7th of July, holds this language.
' A 9/ on? reason for the increase of the appropi ations
f i ionizations and the other public wmks in this and every
yeit pit-cedn „ what to calkd tie ionij «sd^itnt of Congress,
will be p^ioeived in   he fact now welt established by expe
II   nee li tithe general ippiopi in'ion bills at such sessions
iipoci pa * miit fhecloseoj the session which is usually near
? 2? 1st mmei
Niw, Mr Present, I o s re 11 know if any
can nd man can read this st^enent oi ths Set re-
tai y o Wai w l^out coiiig to the conch non
ti at these a hut onal appr pnation wei  fim aslt-
pd to keep the work on tne fortifications n ope-
ration durms sx «nontis of tne j ear 1842 He
"■ays • i" p.ropnation b lis a>-e not usually passed
by Cotgress u il n ar rrid^ummei-, and this fact
futmshei ' a strong reasoi for ihe ncrease of the
app'cpiiationo " Mast he not h<"re designed to
u e ihe°e ine eaced appiopnafion^ until Congress
^hou'd pass the general appropriation bi'ls ne.tr
midsummer'' Yet, 'ir, on the 17th of the same
moi'h be says in another, crfim! le er, thit his
estimate? ma'c m hi" letter ol thp 7th July, weie
.naie upon the "jrpjMUo i thit a 1 the app'opna-
tion , the olu and tiie rew, prob bly would be ex-
pendpfJ during ire pie e t year. In which of
these ofhcfil letters are we to repose confidence?
Bat, sir, in this 'ame letter of the 7th of July
the Chief E^g neer also speaks en this subject as
Icllow :
' The present estimate foi 81 019,600 was made m the desire,
not only to augment our force ?« every way upon the more
