CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                        géj
important works, but also to have afunp upon which wk
CAN CONTINUE TO OPERATE TILL NEXT MIDSUMMER."
Here, sir, we have the admission unequivocally
made that this new appropriation was assigned as
a fund on which to operate until midsummer of
1842! A fund to operate upon for seven months,
during all which time Congress would be in ses-
sion ! To my m:ad, Mr. President, there is a shuf-
fling in this maüs-r uuworuiy of the head of a De-
partment. Why was the tone of tie Secretary of
War so decidedly changed from the 7th to the ]7'h
of July? Why does he call for this heavy appro-
priation on the 7th, and assign as "a strong rea-
son" that the general approoriation bills will not
pass until midsummer ot 1842, and on the 17:h en.
tirely omit this "strong reason," and ask the appro-
priation on the supposition that it would be all ex-
pended during this year? And why, sir, does the
Chief Engineer tell us on the 7th that he wants this
appropiiation as a "fund to operate upon until
midsummer" of 1842, and on the 17th that it can
all be economically expended "before the close of
the working season" of the present year?
I now asir, Mr. President, on which of these do-
cuments are we to rely? We are asked to vote
over a million of dollars, and ye. are presented
with two documents on whie'n our votes are to be
based, differing materially in fhe.r statements. If
we are to be governed by the letter of July 7:h,
then, sir, I say ihat the application is hule better
than an insult to Congress. That document calls
for an appropriation, upon the ground thst Con-
gress will fill, during six months at the next ses-
sion, to perform its duty. We are here, then, in
the dog days, providing against the nejleet of duty
bv ourselves at the regular session. Sir, I am not
surprised that the letter of the 17th held a different
language, but Í am surprhed that the ¡Secre'ary of
War should in that letter so far forg"t himself as to
say that his fcr.ner estiaiates vverj based upon the
Supposition that all tie appropriations would be
expended during this year, when he knew that this
new appropriatien was asked explicitly as a fund
to operate upon until midsummer of the next
year.
I take it for granted, Mr. President, that we are
not expected to grant this appropriation upon the
strength of the "strong reacon" advanced in the let-
ter of the 7th of July. Toe Secretary of War, in his
letter of the 17th July, abandons that'strong rea-
son," and demands the appropriatisn for the pre-
sent year. Here the question recurs, can this
immense amount of money be profitably and eco-
nomically expended on fcr'ifia'ions during this
year? If any confidence is to be reposed in the
official declarations of the Secretary a\ to the vigor
and diligence with which the works have been pro-
secuted thus fer by him, the answer is irresi-iible,
that he cannot expend the money profitably and
economically. The Secretary might "operate upon
it," (in the language of the Chief Engineer,) but
from the exoeiimcnts made, I should deny that it
can be profitably and economically operated upon
in our fortification defences.
The Stale which I have the honor to represent
has neither seacoast nor frontier; but still, sir, sh?
has an merest in common with her sister Sia'es in
having the whole country kept constantly in a pro-
per state of defence. There is not a mat wifun
her limit?, who has not a stout, heatt ar.d a faithful
rifle, ever at the service of his country, río Ten-
nesseean ever expects the soil of his S'ate to be
trodden by a foreign fee. Her interior simatu n.
and her na'ive chivalry, forfid such a ihorjit.
Our willingness to bear the barden of a system of
permanent deieuces, an?es from our attachment to
tae whole Union.
But, sir, we shall always inswt upon strict eco-
nomy in making the appropriations, and strict
justice in the distribution ot the exper.dimres.
Whilst millkns aie applied to the Atlantic sea-
boird, we shall insist on havin™ some attention
pail to ovk interests in thf West. So long as your
ex^enduures for public defences are reasonable and
fair, the people of Tennessee will acquiesce in
them; but when you ask money in such amounts
as tH3 bill proposes, so long in advance of thetiae
when it is to be expended, and when your distribu-
tion of it is so partial, I feel myself bound on their
behalf to resist this measure. This is.the feeling
which animates, the Western pe"p!e. Thev regard
themselves, the mil tia of the country as the great
foitificationa, andjtbey are always willing upon the
summons of their Government to defend any por-
tion of the Union. Still, sir, they are not opposed
to a system of permanent fortifications, which will
protect our important commercial cities from sud-
den attack; a system which will keep sn enemy at
bav, until the mtlitiacan reach the point of danger.
Beyond sucha system of defences, I am unwilling to
go; and ray preference is decidedly for that species
of fortification which is moveable for the ocean
defences. To my mind tlie idea of studding
such an exten; of seacoast and frontier as we have,
wiih fortificaúons sufficient to prevent a hostile
army from landing on our shores, is wholly pre-
posterous. There is no limit to the cost of such a
system, and after millions upon millions shall have
been expended, it will bs found to afford less pro-
tection than a small "Home Sqmdron."
Now, sir, it is woithy cf remark that the Secre-
tary of War has recommended the commencement
at this time of a system of land defences which is
estimated to cost thirty-five millions of dollars, the
completion of which would no doubt he found
really to cost one hundred millions of dollars. Of
the $1,485,500 which he asks to be appropriated
at this session, he proposes to exfend $46fi,000
during this year in prosecuting this splendid sys-
tem oí fortification defences. If we grant the de-
mands of the Secretary we shall thereby sanction
his grand scheme. At this extra session, with an
empty Treasury, I cannot consent by my vote to
sanction a system which must resul* in an expen-
diture ef one hundred millions of dollars. If such
a system is to be adopted, let it go over to the re-
gular srsMon, when there will ba full lime to sur-
vey it in all its magnificent proportion?.
Whilst this vast system, Mr. Presiden*, is re-
commended by the S-'cretaiy oí War, we are no-
tified by the Secretary of the Navy that, at the re-
gular ses-.ion he will propose a digested system oí
naval ¿«fences, lam for waiting until that sys-
tem is presented, and then to decide whether both
systems are to be prosecuted.
Por the present, Mr. President, I am satisfied
that the Secretary of War has as much money on
hand as he can expend judiaiously and economical-
ly until Congress will be again in session. No
danger of an immediate war is apprehended, and
if it were, the money which is now asked could not
be expended to advantage, if we can confide in the
representations of the Secretary, that he has been
prosecuting the worts with alf oo'sible vi< or, and
still has on hand one lia>f a million of dollars.' I
shall ther^fon- record my vote again  t the bill.
Mr. FULTON addressed the Senate with much
earnestness in favi r of the amendment. S r, (said
Mr. F.) I do not say that our country is in danger
of being immediately involved in war; but I do sa>
that the aspect of our aff.iirs is desided'y thrs-?t-
ening, and ihat it is our duty to piaee our borders,
whether Atlantic, lake, or frontier, in the btst s'ate
of defence winch our present means ard informa-
tion will enable us to aeomplish. Such has bien
the policy of the Government for some ¡¡Tie past;
and with this view appropriations w.-rc p a/e at
;hi last and at previous sessions of Congress for
the repair and eonstru.".tiofi i f fonifhatio'is in ths
various sections rf rts Union. The War Depart-
ment has been pres.sir.g < u ¡he works of defence for
some i¡nv ¡,a t; and the pre;est bill has been pre-
sented to the Senate with the vtt'w of placing the
Atlandc coast m a better state of defence.
Our complaint is, ¡hat it seems to be im-
possible io convince Congress th:it the i.ece;-
stty is not tquaay as great for placing the
lake costst, and partica'arly ihe Southwestern fron-
tier, in the best po.ss.b'e state sf defence. My pur-
pose is, sir, to try to convince the Senate thai it is
a great mistake to supp-se that the fortifications
uion the frontiers of Missouri and Arkansas, are
not entitled to be placed in the very firs*,class of
works o; defence. Wbat is the situation of that
fronde!? Why, sir, this Government has concen-
trated a large body of Indians immediately upon
the Western border of the State of Arkansas. Of
the numerous tribes collected there, nearly all of
them are even now almost in a state of hostility
towards our country; they are rankling in hate to-
wards our people, or indulging in smo hered resent-
ment for supposed injuries committed by our
Government. They are capable of bring-
ing into the field from fifteen to twenty
thousand warriors in ths shortest possible
time. They are well armed, and have a good
supply of ammunition, obtained mainly through trie
bounty of our Government. Before a sudden out-
break, they could lay waste and devastate our
State before we could get succor from any
quarter. The people of Arkansas are as brave as
any people on earth; we have as many stout
hearts as any other Slate in this Union, but we
are as yet but thinly settled; our population is scat-
tered over a vast extent of territory. The very fact
that we have been left in a ¿efence'egs condi-
tion, when the faith of the Government was
pledged to our protection, after settling such
a host of savages upon our border, has
greatly retarded the growth of our State; we
cannot, therefore, concentrate a sufficient force
at a moment's warning, and the consequence
would be, in case of a surprise or sudden incur-
sion, th"t our people would be murdered in their
dwellings, and our country would be deluged in
blood before we could oblaii a protecting force, or
e itbo.-y our own citizens for the purpose of re-
sistance. The Set ator from Kentucky spoke yes-
terday of the absurdity of the imputed danger
which seventeen millions of people could experi-
ence from a few bands of savages. The Senator
did not look rgh'Jy at the peculiar situation of
Missouri ?.nd Atk?n--i?. Those Stau-s are sepa-
rated by a great river from the other States; and
Arkansas has an almost imp&jsable swamp cf
so no fifty miles extent, which cuts off her commu-
nication w th her sister S'ate*. She weald have
to tely upon h:r own people alone, or mainly so,
in case oí a hostile incision. These s.'.vages are
not the cotitemp'ible foe which they are represent-
ed to be. Tha most numerous tribes are situated
close together, and their habits and secret means of
communication from tiibe to tribe are such, that
a combination amongst them could be effected im-
mediately; they could be embodied before an
alarm could be given, or any preparation for re-
sistance could be made.
¡n casa of a war with a foreign power, and par-
ticularly wiih that country, against whom our de-
fensive preparations are being made, these Indians
will be instigará to make war upon us. The first
knowledge that we shall have that war exi«ts, will
be the bloodshed and conflagra! on; which will
spread along our We -em border. Does not ex-
perience teach us that it is the policy of England
to bring down upon th? heads of the peop'e of our
defenceless settlements the murderous savago to-
m.ihask and scalping knife? The moment that
war is to be commencd, we will be exposed to the
indiscriminate massacre of all ages, sexes, and con-
ditions all ¡dor.g that homier. And tvhat, sir, is
orii' present condition with reterenceto that nation?
Are they not m pos°cs<ion of ( ur own territory on
ihe Pacific? Tney have sunh'an in'ercour^e with
all he wild tribes, anil fhtjughont the whole coun-
try, from '.he P-icificlo in: Hoclty mountains, that
the ni'st amph ir.eans of communication with all
the Indian tribes of the Wet is now afforded them.
Have we not reason to believe lha' t';e most of
these tribi s are always ripe for war apon ml In-
deed, sir, with the exception of the Ctuctaws, and,
as my fnerid from Mississippi says, 'he Chicka-
saws, I do not '¿now a sirgie tribe wncse friend-
ship c?n be calculated on in case of a "war with
Great B:¡lain. I fear thai the Creeks, the Semi-
no,es, and .he Chcrokees, are thirsting for ven-
geance, Nothing but prudence and poíicy, I am
led to believe, even now restrains them from acts
of hosli'ity.
Í regretted to hear the Senator of South Carolina
¡>t the head of the M Iitary Committee, say that ths
defensivo works on our Western border sjght to be
temporary, and that ihe Indians wr.uid soon be
driven further West; cr would voluntarily seek
new hunting grounds. In all this, I think that
Senator is totally mistaken. The reason why the
Indians have been driven from the States it, that
