CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30h
peared to him that the pending question now was
on the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN contended tnat the Chair hav-
ing decided against the motion to lay the appeal
on the tabie, the question of appeal came op and
brought with it the question of order which had
been raised against him by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which should first be decided. When the
Senator from Missouri moved to lake up the pa-
pers, he was called to order by the Senator from
Kentucky The Chair decided that the Senator
from Missouri had not a right to proceed. Prom
that decision he ?ppealed Ihe Senator from Ken-
tucky moved to lay the appeal on the table.
He (Mr. Calhoun) rose to show that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky to lay the
appeal on the table was not in order, when
that Senator called him to order He ap
pealed the Chair whether he was in order or not.
Tl>e Chiar decided he was
Mr CLAY of Kentucky observed that it was
not so He had called the Senator to order for de-
bating tha' the monon to uke up what had been
laid on the table was desatable
Mr. CALHOUN denied this. His point, he con-
tended, was, on t le ques'ion whether he was or
was not in order, in proceeding to show tnat the
motion of the Senator to lay the appeal on the point
of order on the table, could not be sustained by
parliamentary usage. That question he understood
the Chair to decu'e in his favor, but he had no
disposition to hold the Chair to a hasty decision,
and was quae willing to consider it as the point
now under consideration.
He then asserted that the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky to lay the appeal on the table was
not in order. He held the Parliamentary rule to
be ceitam, teat a question of order had priority to
all other questions, and must be decided before tne
que tion to wh ch i' is an incident, ard could not
be separated Iroja it by a motion to lay oi the
table or in any other modo. The rule is expressly
so laid down in Mr. Jefferson's Manual, on the
authon'y of Mr. Hatsel, and has been the invaria-
ble practice of the Senate ever since he (Mr C.)
was a member of the body. This is the very first
instance m which an attempt has been made to
deviate from it.
In fact, a question of order was not only 'a pri-
vileged question, but the highest of all the privi-
leged questions except that of an adjournment.
And he considered it as a fundamental rule that
no other question but (hit of adjournment conld be
received while it was pending
Mr BENTON asked for the journal to be read
a2am in relation to the order of the motions
made
The journal was again read as desired by Mr.
BENTON, who wished to know the deewon of
the Cbair as to the pending question.
The CHAIR said the peí ding question, when
t'ae morning hour expired yesterday, was, rn the
motion to lay the appeal on the tab e On that
motion the decision oí the Cha.1 now was, that the
motion to lay the appeal on the table was in or-
der. The Chair did no' understand that the point
of order on an appeal could be taken out of the ge-
neral rule, and made a privileged question, esta-
fa ishedby the rules of the Senate,or by parliamenta-
ry usage, and unless it be, the ground argued cannot
be sustained The motion to 'ay an appeal on the ta-
ble is one of the modes of sustaining the decision of
the Chiir It is the same as a niítion expressing
the sense of the Senate in favor of the decís on of
the Chair. It is in short, a declaration that there
«hall be no funher procedmgs on points of order
relative to the subject. Nothing is more common
than this method of sustaining the opinions of the
Ciair It is practised every day in the other House,
withm the last twenty four hours it had been acted
upon in ihat body
Mr. CALHOUN appealed from th- decision of
the Chair. He regarded the effects of the decision
to be to supersede ihe unquestionable right of the
Senate to decide in the last resort on all questions
of order.
[Here the Chair exposed a wish to explain
that it regarded the decis'on on the appeal to lay
pa the table, as a moide of deciding the question of
order on wrjich the motion to lay on the table was
made ]
Mr. CALHOUN said he could not so consider
it It wou d be jjei her more nor less than a de>-
cisión on the motion to lay on the table, and not on
the appeal Thaf would remain undecided Now,
suppose that the Chair should make a decision on
a question of order too glaringly wrong to be sus-
tained even by a drilled majority on a direct vote.
Is it not obvious, under the decision just made,
that it would be easy to elude such a vote by
moving to lay the question on the table, and
that there might be found those willing to vote for
such a motion that could, by no possibility, be in-
duced to sustain the Char by a dinct vole. He
regarded the rights of the body as involved in this
question The liberty oí debate may be controlled
by the arbitrary decisions of the Chair, without the
possibility oí remedy, should all appeal 'o Ihe Se-
nate be cut off That would be virtually the case
under this decision. And m whose hands are we
about to place so dangerous a poweil In that of
ons elected by the body, and responsible to it, as in
the case of the other Hiase, and most deliberative
bodies? Par otherwise It would be to transfer
the power to the Vice President, elected by the peo-
ple, ¿nd no way responsible to tne Senate m the
discharge of his du'ies, but through this very right of
appe?l, and to make his will, and not that of the bo-
dy, the rule of it  p'oceedmgs Against a doctrine so
monstrous and dangerous, he would appeal to Se-
nators, without distinction of pirty, to unite with
him in protesting, and to preserve the inde-
pendence of the body He hoped their votes
would show that they were not indifferent to tbe
appeal, but, if he siood alone, he would raise his
voice against it. Yield the right of appeal, give to
the Vice President tha final right of dec ding on
questions of order, and you will place m his power
a gag which <night stop debate wh-ne^er he pleased
We have resisted succeasiully ihe menace of a
gag in another forra during tne present session,
and he trusted that we would not quietly permit it
to be established in the odious way in which it is
now attempted.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to let the matter lie
over, and that the Senate take up the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Several Senators on both sides expressed a
strong desire to allow the matter to be decided at
once.
Mr. BENTON said if the Senate wished to take
up the unfinished business he would give not ce
that he would, to-moirow morning, call up the
que"- ion wh ch had bepn just under discussion
At the request of several Senators, Mr TALL-
MADGE withdrew his moví
Mr KING c=¡id it was p ain tint if the Chair de-
cides that an appeal from i's decision is in ordvr to
be laid o i the table without debate, and the Sena-
tor from South Carolina appeals frum that deci-
sion, and the Chair again decides that his appeal
may b  la d on the table by motion without debate,
an appeal nuy be taken against this third de
cisión, ard so on forevpr, witiout being able to
arrive at any stopping po nt. If app ai on
appeal can be pitad up m this way, how is it
possib'e to know when it is to end 'Ihe qje tion
tobed'Cioedby the vote of the Señale never can
be reached, lhi->, carried out, would iorogite
the functions of the S na'e, a'ld h nd ta m ovet to
the pre-iiing officer. He (Mr. Kino) wou!d ap-
peal to the presiding officer to It ok at the m^n
s rous posi i m thus assume!, a id 10 reconsider his
decision He hoped he w^uld not pui the Senate
to the necessity of re/usim  his decision If not,
he trusted t le Sena e would deride the appeal of
the Senator from South Carolina, and go back step
by step upon the preceding mod ns, until the whole
matter was set light according   o parliamentary
USgg .
Mr. BENTON addressed the Sena'e for som 
time, before he was disunotly heard m the ga'le y
He expressed his willingness at all tim s to con
form to the decisions of the Chair, and to abide by
the rules of the Senate. With tno.e feelings he
had sat downj yesterday when th* Chair decided
against him, and had left the debate to Ihe others
But he now rose to say, that if the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina was to be appealed
against by that Senator's next neigbor, and his
motion by his next neigbor, and so on round
the whole circle, it would at last amount to
nothing but a feoli h child's play, too ridicu-
lous to be considered consistent with the rules
or privileges of a Senate of the United S ates.
Whenever he (Mr. Bs.nton) should move to
take up these paptrs, he should do so as a
matter of right, not abrogated by any unconstitu-
tional drcisi«n In doing so, he would give his
reason? fully and fearlessly, but without departing
irom the rule which precluded him in that prelimi-
nary slep from going into the general merits of the
subject matter. If those papers had by regular mo-
tion been laid on the table, they were no more pre-
cluded from being taken up again, than messages,
Executive documents, resolutions, petitions, or bills
on their passage ¡rom committees. Nomatterhow
l"ng ihey are on the table, the motion to take them
up is in order He should make that motion to mor-
row morning, and he hoped yet he would be able
to convince the Senate, by good and substantial
reasons, that they ought to be punted.
Mr. MANGUM snd he regarded this matter of
no great importance in itself, but, as it involved a
very important point, which it was desirable should
be properly adjusted, he would be glid to have it
laid ovei for another day, at least. He would
there/ore move to go on with the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr BENTON said: Very well, it can be taksn
up coolly and calmly to-morrow morning, and fur-
ther considered.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stat s of America, tn Congress
assembled, That the Secreta y of the Trea ury be,
and tie is heicby, authorized to cause the light-
boai now stationed at Sandy Hook to be removed,
and to be placed near BartU.tt'a reef, on Long Is-
land Sound, and to cause the light-boat now at
Bartlett's reef to be removed and placed near Ex-
ecution rocks, in Long Island Sound.
NAVY PENSION BILL.
The bill making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of naval peisions was taken up, the question
being on ordering it to be engrossed for a thud
reading
Mr WILLIAMS offered an amendment pro-
viding for the repeal of the act of 1837, and went
at some length mo the reasons in favor of the adop-
tion of the a Kendment All adm tted the injuri-
ous tend'ney of the law of 1837, by which the
fund whn h had been provided by the bravery of
our gallant sailois for the relief oí tbe widows and
orphans of those who had beej killed in ba tie, or
died from wounds received while in the line of their
duty, had bc<n utterly exhausted, and his amend-
menf went to repial that law.
Mr. MANGUM hop-d the am-ndment would
not be adoj ted The question mvo'ved in it was
decided over and over again \e tcrday He hoped
no further amendments would be adopted, that ihe
system wou'd be allowed to remain as it was, tilt
ihe regolar session, when they would have ample
time 'u investigate the subject, whiJi culd not
aow properly Le done at this ii.h session No
ore Knew b tier than the Cirua that th's was a sub-
ject of greit complex ty, which required time for its
proper adj istm nt, and if at the next session the
Senat r iiom Mame would co opera e wi'h the
Commi tee on N iv&l Aff r , giving them the be-
nefit of his, great experience on this subject, he was
anthonz d to say that the commit ee were deter-
mined to rec'aim this wnole system to us original
purposes. If ihe amendment of the Senator was
now passed, it was equivalent to a repeal of all
pension law, and you m'ght as well pass no bill
at a'l
«r WILLI\MS understood the Senator frorn
N rth Carolina assaying that f they passed this
amendment, and thus repealed the law of 1837,
they repealed all laws which grant a pension for
disability. He referred to the law of 1800, which
was the original law, and pro/ided for pensions in
case- of disability.
Mr. MANGUM had said, if they repealed the law
