MQ                                       .    CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than any portion of the twenty-six States. If the
majority of this Senate are willing to act oat t'ueir
principles in good faith, now is the time for them
to do so.
Sir, another reason suggested in favor of the
passage of (his bill, by its friends, is that it would
aid the indebted States to meet their engagements,
and, sir, ihis reason, if it be a good one, applies
with equal or even greater force, to one oí tha
Territories. It is known that Plonda has con-
tracted large debt , and in the present stale of her
affair , wholly beyond ber ability t  pay. Her re
sources either present or in expectancy, at least
for some years to come, are very limited. If she
is to be aided by the action of this Government in
complying with her engagements, the present
would doub'less be esteemed a most appropriate
time.
Upon another reason urged why this bill should
p?,ss^thatit would contribute means for internal
iiupiovements ¡n the States, no one here can doubt
but that this reason must be-equally applicable to
theTerritones. Roads, bridges, public highways
by the improvement of rivers or otherwise, are in-
dispensable to the prosperity of every community.
These things amount to a heavy tax, either m la-
bor or money, upon the first emigrants who are
compelled from necessity to construct such im-
provements The General Government being
proprietor of the soil, and deriving large sums of
money from the Territories, from the sales of pub-
land, should be as liberal at least toward the citi-
zens of the Territories, as towaid the citizens of
the more favored twenty six States,.
If, therefore, the agrarian scheme for dividing
out the public revenue, is to be carried in Congress,
I ins'St that there shall be no partiality I insist
that all the reasons that can be urged for a distri-
bution, of the proceeds of the public lands among
the States, and the District of Columbia, are equal-
ly applicable lo ihe Territories of Wiskonsan, low i,
and Florida. N¿y more, sir, I insist that so far as
the principles of benevolence, or moral justice, are
concerned, that the Territories bave stronger claims
than the States, and that there is a higher obliga-
tion resting on Ci-ngress to provide tor them.
Among the objections to extending the distribu-
tion to the Territories, an otjrcuon made by the
friends, of the bill, is that, by the terms of ihe com-
pacts and deed's of cession by which this Government
acquired these lands, the Territories are excluded,
or, m other words, that Congress has constitut'onal
power to distribute the puct'edi o/ the pjllic lands
among the Slates ot the Union, and this Distrct,
bat that sh" has no consti'ut onal powei to extend
the distribution to Wiskonsan, Iowa, and Florida'
And Inn is the argument ol the Sena or from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Huntington ] and the Sanatoi from
Kentucky [Mr. Clat ] The latter, however, says
he admits that the District has been improperly in-
serted
Ye% sir, we hear gentlemen presenting constitu-
tional objections, founded upon the deed of cession
Deed of cession ! deed of cession ' deed of cession '
Why, sir, what deed of cession 1; appiicab'e to
the Territory of Iowa? Have Senators duly con
iidered the subject? The Teirilory of lowi was
puichased from France, issitua ed entirely without
the limits of what was the old Confederation; <>nd
no deed ofccsswn from the States has any applica
lion to it, or to th<- seven hundred and nine millions
of acres of land wilhm us limits.
Well, sir, how 15 it with Florida1 Is the d'spo 1-
tion by Congress of Ihe land in that Ternloty de-
pendent upon the terms ol a deed of cession') No,
sir, not at all. That Territory, like Iowa, formed
no part of ihe old Confederation. It was the pro-
perty of Spam until 1819, and none of ihe deeds of
cc «ion from the States of the Union, ha/e any ap-
p'icaüon to it. So far, theiefore, as Iowa and F o-
rida are concerned, the argumenisof gentlemen are
-uffiaiently ans vered Wiskonsan is the on'y Ter-
ritory to which any dted ot ees ¡oí ciuldapoly,
a°d I am clearly ot opu 1 n ihat ill  re is no force in
the objection even if Wiskonsan ha 1 been pau oí the
Lnd ceded by Virginia. I need not now enter into (he
a-gument The advocates of th s bill have them
sr,'ves included one Territory, this District, the bill
has passed the "glorious House of Representa-
tives" m this form, and it certainly comes with a
bad grace from that party to object to these three
Territories, which have as many and more claims
than tnia D.stnct. The power of Congress to ap-
propriate money to the Territories is undoubted.
And I regard the bill under consideiation as no-
thing more than a bill to appropriate three millions
per annum of the public revenue.
The next objection stated by the Senators from
Kentucky [Mr Clay] and from Connecticut [Mr.
HrnsTiNaTON] is, that Congress pa>d the civil ex-
penses of the Territories, erected their public
buildings, &c and that, tnercfore, they should be
excluded.
Well, sir, said Mr. McRoberts, is not Congress
paying these same expenses for tais District? Was
it not Congress that paid similar expenses for In-
diana, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, and Alabama, while they were
Territories'2 And are 3 ou doing in this respect,
any more for Wiskonsan, Iowa, and Florida, than
you did /or the Stater I have named' If it be an
objection to giving; an equal share of the proceeds
cf the public doma n to Wiskonsan, Iowa, and
Florida, because you pay their civil list, and
erect court-houses lor them, will not the same ob-
jection exclude this, District and the eight new
States I have mentioned upon the very same
ground?
Sir, Congress defrayed the expenses of the terri-
torial Government for that magnificent empire
which was once called Northwestern Territory, for
about fourteen year-; of Indiana for fourteen years,
of Illinois for nine years; of Missouri for seventeen
years; of Louisiana for nine years, of Arkansas
for sixteen jears; Mississippi and Alabama a
number of year« Now, sit, this will at once con-
vince every dispassionate man that Congiess ap-
propriated and exppnded much larger sums, be-
cause for a much greater period, for the above
Staler, while they wv.re Territories, than foi Wis-
ksns?n and Iowa, and nearly as great for several
of them as lor Florida.
What injustice is it, t'.en, to object to including
these three Territories, for a reason which, when
analyzed, is thus shown to be totally unfounded,
and which, if it had any force, would apply with
sull more force to exclude the above States and
this District, which thn bill makes the special ob-
jects of its bounty.
Sir, Senators could not have duly considered thi-.
ob'iga inn, or it is not poss bit that ihey wruld
txivi- in. de it T.ie t arty en th" o'her -lde ot the
Hcuse have the mrj my, pi d may vole down the
amen Imen , and exclude the curra s of the Territo-
ncfa from what is thor jmt right, but your whole
party cannot give one valil reason loi ihe act. I
am very willing that your reasons for votirg
against ihe Territories, and my rea ons for voiin°
in their iavor, shall go to the pub'ic as th y have
be;n stited, and by them we will abile the judg-
ment of our common constituents.
Your p irty has power, that is what you can
boast of. But it is power acquired by accident and
byasystemof deception which ihepublic now begin
to under Und. And let me tell you that power
abused and converted into an engine of oppression,
will not be hltely to remain long with its possessors
Mr. ALLEN hoped the Senator from Illinois
would mi dtfy the amendment so as lo include the
Territories that may b- hereafter orsanized, that
the benefits of this distribution might be enjOjed
by all. There was a mamfrst propriety m includ
mg the people of th«se Tirri'ones The people of
ins Territories «ere u uaby in humble circum-
stances They were induced to gu from tí e old
S'Ates lo the fcmtonei because, in general, they
we% poor. When they got there they had to
spend some time in clearing av ay the earth before
it i'made proactive, and they were put to tie
great expense ot travellia? o-ser an extensive space
of country, where are 1 0 road-, m order to get to
their seats of government, and their courts of jus-
tice. All these, and a thousand other hardships,
made their utuauon more ti y mg by far than that
of any oiher portion of the American people. He
did not, therefore, think, if this Govenment had
benefits to bestow, that it could bestow them on
objecs more worthy than the hardy settlers ot the
Territories.
It had been objected, however, that they had no
right to include Territories in this distribution.
Perhaps this was so; but, if so, it was because Ihey
had no right to make the distribution at all. The
ground on which it was asserted that these Territo-
ries were to be excluded, was, that the lands held
by this Goverment were so held by it in trust for
the States, as sovereignties. That, it was admitted,
did not apply to a large portion of the lands, which
were acquired by purchase of this Government,
and which are as manifestly ihe property of the
United States as the navy, arsenals, and armaments
are.
But lo take the question of the land which was
included m the deeds of cession. If it were true,
?s had been urged on the other side of the cham-
ber, not only in this, but in the two preceding ses-
sions, in which this subject had been diseussed,
that these lands were so ceded with a condition,
that atter the payment of the national debt, grow-
ing oat of the Revolutionary struggle, they were to
múrelo the Slates, he asked them how tl-ey were to
inure to the States? They were to mure to the
Slates, if at all, as sovereignties; and, if so, in
what proportion were they to ínaic' In an equal
proportion, as much to one as to another Stale, be-
cause of the fact of their sovereignties, without re-
gard lo the ratio of their respective population, if
it were true that the States were taken as sovereign-
ties, then they had an equal undivided interest m
this soil. And if so, then the princ p'e of distribut-
ing the proceeds according to their representation,
was a false prtncip'e, and a fraud on the small
States. Now, he would put the question, if, after
the pa;ment of the old Continen'al debts, these
lands were mttnded by tVe States to muie to the
benefit of the States of this Union as soveieignties,
where they got the rule by which they gave to one
of those s ivereigntios more of this land than
another? Did they find it m the deeds of cession'
Was it said in the deeds of cession, that when the
contingency should arise, to wit, the pajment of
the Continental debt, these lands were to mnre to
the benefit of the S'ates as sovereignties? Was it
said in what proportion thev should so murv? No,
it was not stated. If it inured to the States as sove-
reignties, then it inured to them in equilpiopor-
tions, because their sovereignties were equal, pad
made so by the Constitution.
But again, if this land, by the deeds of cession,
inured, after the payment of t. e Revolutiorary
debt, to those S ates, as sovereignties, then ic mured
lo them, on ihe payment oí the debt, without aa act
of Congress, and they had been usurpers m every
act for dis r.button subsequent lo that parod. If
the land-s so inured, the land, and not the money,
a<\sing from its sale, inured, and they had been
usurpéis in converting these lands into money, and
then dividing 11,per capita. Who authorized Con-
gress to sell these lands' If they inured at all, they
inured at the time the contingency happened, ai.d
they were then out of ihe power of this Govern-
ment; and every act of this Government, in rela-
tion to these lands, subsequently, had beon a baie
faced and inexcusable assertion of authority over
them.
There was an utter absurdity and folly in any
man'  'aymg that these lane's inured '0 ¡be S ates
after the payment 01" the old Continental debt, as
sovereignties, and were not intended to belong to
the peoph of the United States in their c-ípoeity of
a Union. Suppose they divided this mo, ey, ibey
divided it to Ihe Slates; they observed ihe federa-
tive feature of the Constitution m the division of
the money, and that federative feature m 'he exist-
ence of the States, as sovereignties; a«d notwith-
standing that, they took the pcpulaton of the
Stales as the criterion of the arrount that should
so mure. This argument was an utler falsity,
that tl e-e land  were tve! ceded w>lh an intention
of muring to the Stpte , as sovereignties, and tLere-
fore there was an utter absurduy in this claim set
up on the part of the States. If the Slates owned
this land, they owned 1! in equal psoportions, be-
cause their sovereignties were eqaal, and by our
Constitution, they came into this Union on the
footing of equal sovemgntics.
