CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
palming upon Ihis House a representation from a whole Mate
that had not been elected by the people
Ml STEENROÍ) next addresser] the House m an able and
argumenta ive speech, in opposition to the bit!, m the course
of which he showed the incons.stencies of the Whig party,
and contrasted then profession  beioie the late elections with
their practices sime Hetook a view of the abuses and cor-
ruptions of the paper system, and particulaily those of the late
Bank of the United States contrasting them -with the sound
and healthful opeiationsof the ConstitutionalTreasuiy, whuh
he contended had perfoimedall that had bten promised for it
A fullieportof Mr Steenrod's speech will be given in a few
days
He was followed by Mr H\STINGS of Ohio, who made a
speech on the same side
Mr GIOf-ilNGt, said that duung the last eight months
which this Iloutoe had buen engaged in legislation, moie than
two of those lnonlhs hid been spent in discussing tins question
of the Sub Tieasuiy and its antagonist measure in that time,
something moie than a hundred and two speeches, he believed,
had been made and published, and by hundiedb of thousands
sent forth to the people He believed he would now better
subserve the interests of ti ose who bent him hereby endeavoi
ing to bring the debate to a close than by making a speech He
thereforecaihd for the i revious question
Mi WEI LFR moved a call of the House
Mr JOHN T MA*Or\ moved an adjournment, but with
drew h
Mr HaL^TED renewed the motion, and asked the yeas
and nayo, which v.tio ordered, and, being taken, weie—yeas
62 nays 95
Bo the House l efused to adjourn
Mr LEWIS WILIIAM3 asked the yeas and  nays on  the
motion thatthcip he a call of the House, which were  ordered,
and, being taken, were—yeas 101, nays77
So the call was ordeied
And he loll bung called, 178 members answered to then
names
Andthe namesol the absentees having been called,206 mem
bers appeal ed to be pr«j=ent
All further pioceedings were then suspended
Andthequestionrecumngon seconding the demand for the
previous question—
Mr WILLIAMS of Maryland made the following point of
order
' lhat a due observance of parliamentary law and practice,
not lnconsiste itwith the standing tule-, of this House, requires
thateveiv bill s,ball be read through, by pai agraghs, for
AMEtsDMENT, u least once befóte the question shall be put
wfiethei itshall be lead a//iird time, and that the bill entitled
'An act to repeal,' &c not having been so i ead, the previous
question cannot note pioperly apply '
The bPE \KER ov-cnuled the point
Mi WILLIAMS asked if it wai in ordu-r to make some ic
marks on this point
The SPEAKER decided that it was not m order, the previous
question having tieen called
Mr W1LLIAM-5 appcaie 1 Aom the d«cis on
Which decision, by yea*. 119, n<iyb 20, was sustained by the
House
The motion foi the previous qut ^tio i wa" then seconded
And the mam question was ortLied to be taken
And the main question, being on agieeing to the amendment
of the select committee of this Hou e,  was deeded m the at
urinative
So the amendment ("of which the Rtportei has no' a copy) was
agreed to
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
And having been ordered to a thud reading now, the bill, by
the following vote, Has passed
YEAS—Mtssrs Adams, Allen I injilf W \nliews S
I Andrews, Arnold, Aycnes, Babcork, Baker, Bainaid tin
ton, Biulsey  Biafk Blan Boardi-inn Um en, Boil'. Uii« s,
Brockway, Bronson, M Brown, J Brown, Bui nel!, W Butler
Calhoun J Campbell William B Campbt I Thomas I Camp
bellr Cauithers Child-, C hittenden John C Claik btiley N
Clark Cowen, Cranston, Ciav ns,Cu-hiug CurutDavis, Wi
llamC Daw on Debeiry Tohn l dwards Everet I c—enden
Fillmore, A Lawience Ti stci Ihomas I Fostei, Gamble
Gen ry, Giddmsrs, Uilnvr, Go-gin PatuckG Goode, Giaham,
Gieen, Giei  Habershim, HU', Halsted, William S Hastugs,
Henrv Hivvard Hudson Hum, lame  Iivin, William W Ii
win, James, W C lohn-o i, I aac D 1 mes, John P Kennedy,
Km , Line, La\ leuie, Lmn Valloiy Thomas F Mauh II,
Samson Mason, Mathi t, Matlock-, «dwell, Maynaid Men
wether, Moore, Mors in, Moms, Mjirow Msl et, Osborne,
Owsley Pi irre, 1'endleton Po[ c, Powell PrUIit, Ramsey,
Benianun Itaodill Randolph il ij nor Ruicher liid^w íy
Rodney Rusill -altoustill segcan ¡sheppcrd ¡simonton,
Slade, smith manly Stokeley, Mutton Stuait, ¡summeis,
Tallafeiro, John B Thompso i Richard W Thomson 111
linguae lolaod 'lomhmsm Tii[ lett Tiumbull, Unoeiwood,
Van Rensselaei Wallace, Wurtn \\ a-hmston, E (ward D
White, lo^ephL WhlU Ihoma  \\ William- Lewis Wll
hams, Chnstopbci H Willians, Jo eph I Willnnis Will
tlnop  liorke Augustus ioung and J)hn\oung— 1J4
NAYs—Mes is A-imgton, Atherton Hanks Beeson l>a
lack Bowne, B yd, Aaiou V Blown, Challes Brown Burke
Sampson II Hutlei, Wilh?m O Butlei Green W Cd well,
Patrick C Caldwell Caiy Chapman, C ifiotd Clim in, ( o es,
Cross, Daniel, I! lohirdD Davi lohu B Dawson, Deai Dot
Doig JohnC Ldwuii= Jt>bert I em- I>h R Tlijl Cnules
A Floyd romance, William O Goo le, Guidon Gustine Hai
ns John Hastings, Hays Holmts Hipkius Houck, Hins on,
HuttaiiTHuutei Inseisoll, Jack, Cave lohnson, John W Iones
Keim Andrew Kennedv, Lewis Littleheld Lowell Abiaham
McClellan RobertMcClellau, McKay, Maichaitd Alfred Mai
shall John 1 hompson Ma=on, Mathews Mi Jill, Millei, Olivet,
Parmentei, Patudge, Pavne, Pickens Plumer Rfdmg,Rlggo
Rogers, Roosevelt, Saundeis, fthaw, shields Snvfler, bpugg,
steenrod, Turney, \ an Binen Waid Watterson, Wellei, West
brook, lamfs W  W l'h ims, and Wiod    S7
Mr  TJAlsTbD  mined a leconsldeiatlon oí   the vote just
tal en                                  ,                                               ,    „
>&Ml H said he had long been endeavoring to obtain to* rnor
in order to make some rem ii ks on the manner in which the
Sub Tieasui y bill had passed He wished to show to the coun
try that it was passed in consequence of the tyrannical act of
the maionty of the House depriving the legally qualified mem
hers of the State of New Jet se\  of their rights on that floor
Mi H was proceeding amidst repeated interruptions and calls
to older, when he finally yielded the floor, as he said, at the so
hcitation of his friends, and saying that he would take some
othei opportunity of speaking on the subject of the miustice
that had been done the New lersey ceitificate members Mr II
then withdiewlus motion for reconsideration
Mi SHIELDS ro e and obtained the floor, arid amid cues of
order, older, said he wished to ask the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr IIalstlo] one question, and would De obliged to
him foi an answer Would he rise up and say to the House
and the country, that he and his colleagues, who were tejected
by the House of Representatives, had been elected by a legal
majority of the votéis of New lersey
Mr HALSTED made no reply
Mr I C CLARK renewed the motion for reconsideration,
and demanded the previous question, which wassecooded
Mr CAMPBE1I of South Carolina requested the gentleman
from !NewYoik[Mr Clark] to withdraw his motion lor the
pievious question, in onlet thathe might make an inquiry of
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mi Halsted ] The Inquiry
which Mi C wished to make, was this Did not the gentleman
[Mr Halsted] and his associates, in the last election fot
Congiess in New Jeiscy, run behind their party, and did not
then competitors, the Pemocratir candidates foi Congress run
before tlieinl If this was the case, Mr C thought it afforded
dvery good coramentaiy upon the remarks which the gentle
man had just made and might be tegaided as a verdict of the
people ol New Jersey, in support of the final decision of the
last House of Repiesentatives, on the celebrated contested
election from that State
[Here the ci íes were so loud as to prevent Mi C from being
heard, and he took his seat )
The mam queslion (which was un the rec msideration) was
otdered to be taken, and, being taken, was decided m the ne
gative
So the vote was not reconsidered
And then, at hall past six, the House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, August 10,1841.
Mr SMITH of Indiana presented a petition of
captains, and owners of steamboats und others, in-
terested in the trade and prosperity of the whole
country generally and parfcularly of the Western
Stales, very numerously signed, in favor of the
improvement o/ the naviga'ion ef the Ohio river,
at the falls, by the construction ol the canal on the
Indiana side of the river.
Mr Smith said he had had the pleasure of sub-
mitting; petitions and reaolu íors at the la£t a id
present sessio s of Congress on the «ame subject.
The Senator from M ssoun [Mr Benton] had in-
troduced resolutions of inquiry in relation to ihe
improvement oí that < bstructioa, and much infor-
mation had been collected Mr. S. well knew
that nothing ct ull be done on the subject at the
present session, but he desired to lay tne petition
on ihe table, th it it might be referred, at the ear-
liest penod of the next session, to the appropriate
committee. He thougnt the object one of great
national inipor anee, as it was essential to the
prosp"rmt of Ihe commerce (f the whole West
that the obstruction at the falls should be effectu-
ally overcome, *i'h ihe least possib'e buiden to
th.it CO'ímeice, upon which, at this lime, the ex
actions are enormott-. The petition was, on his
montion bid upon ihe Lib e.
Oflimtton of Mr EVANá, two hundred copies
of House bill reiatirg to duties and drawbacks
wt re or iercd to be printed
Mr. TALLMADGE pre-ented a memoria!, (the
conten s of which wer  «ot heard )
Mr. BENTON moved to take up Ihe docu.ntni
pieseutn  oy bun so ue mornings since, conla mug
ihe pioceeiirgs ot 11 meeting at Fauquttr coun-
ty, which nad creaied the debate on iDe punt of
older and anpeeJs from ihe de'isicn ot the Chtir.
Th> motion having been, as-teod to —
Mr BENTON moved that it be printed.
Mr CLAY a ked the yea' and najs on the
question, and tt was decided in the negative, as
follows-
YE\S—\iessr* Al'cn, Anh<-r, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calnoun, Cay oi Alabama, Cuthbert, Ful-
lon, Km;, Lmn, McRoberts, Moutcn, Nicholson,
Sevier, South ot Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Yourg-22.
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bales, Bayard, Bernon,
Choate, Clay of Keniucky, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Hunting on, Ker, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Pnelps, Porter, Preston, Simm' ns, Smiita tf
Indiana, bouihard, Tallmadgc, White, and Wood-
bridge—23
The bill repealing the Sub-Treasury having been
passed m the House wnh amendments,
Mr. CLAY moved that the bill and amendments
be referred to the Committee on Finance which
motion was adopted, and, on motion of Mr. TAP-
PAN, the amendments were ordered to be printed.
The bill from the House of Representatives, en-
titled "An act to obtain the recovery of fines and
for.euures in and under the laws and ordinances of
Georgetown before jastices of ihe peace," was re-
fened to the Committee on the Distuci of Colum-
bia
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked ths Senate to in-
dulge him m taking up thejomt resolution relating
to the light-boats now stationed at Sandy Hook and
Bartlett's reet, as tt would occupy but a moment.
Tne motion having been agreed to, Mr. H. ex-
plained Ihe object of the resolution, which was a
mere change oí location of the boats on the recom-
mendation of experienced pilots and navigators.
Mr H. ihen offered an amendment, to come in at
the end of the resolution, which was adopted, and
the resolution ordered to be engrossed It reads as
follows-
Resolved by the Senate and Hsmse of Representatives of
the United States, of America m Congress assembled. That
the Secretary of the Tieabury be, and lie is hereby, authorized
to cauce the light boat now stationed at Sandy Hook to be re-
moved, and to be placed ntar Bartlett's reef, m Long Island
Sound, and to cause the light boat now at Bartlett t, reef to he
removed, and placed near Execution rocks, in Long Island
Sound, with a bell only foi the latter vessel, to he so fixed as to
'-beiung by the motion of the sea
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved to take up the
bill making further appropriations for the location
of military bounty land warrants, and was> proceed-
ing to assign the íeasons foi his «notion, when
Mr. BENTON called him to order under the de-
cision ot the Chair, that a motion to take up a sub-
ject was not debatable. He also informed the Se-
nator that the b 11 would be opposed, as this subject
had been open for fifty years, and it was time it
was closed.
Mr. SMITH then withdrew his motion.      ^
THE LAND BILL
On motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the Se-
nate proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being the bill to appropriate the  proceeds of
the public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights.
Mi. CLAY of Alabama moved to strike out in
the 4th line Jine of the 1st section the words "in the
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
forty-one," and insert, "next ensuing the complete
payment of the public debt that has been, or may
be heteafter, contracted under any act of the
United Slates. "
Mr. C grounded this amendment on the objec-
tions which he entertained ta any distribution of
the proceeds of lha public lands while the country
was in debt and bills for additional taxation pend-
ing before the Legislature
Mr SMITH of Indiana said the amendment was
fair and hsnesi—it was made with a view to de-
feat ihe bill, and the question was simply bill or no
bill, distribution or no distribution.
Mi. CLAY if Alabama said bis proposition did
not go to defeat of the bill, but simply to make it
take effect after ihe country was out of debt.
Mi. CALHOUN said it was estimated in de-
bate h\ she chairman of the Committee of Ways
s>nd M am n the o'her House, that the average
expenditures of ihe Government i-'urmg the pre-
sent Administration would equal $27,700,000 an-
nutlly. He also estimated on data furnished by
tht Treasury Department, that the receipts from
the imports under the bill which passed that
House, it tt should become a law would equal
about $18,500,000, making a difference of upwards-
of nine millions of dollars between the receipts
and ihs expenditures, to be raised by increasing
ihe duties om imports above 20 per cent, m di-
iect violation oí the compromise act. If Senators
would take the tiouble to examine the documents
furnished by .be Treasury Department, they would
find lhat to produce that sum, the duties would
have to be raised to at least 27 per cent This.
accotdmg to ihe eslimate of the high authority of
ihe chairman of ibe committee, must be the neces-
sary result should this bill to distribute tne p o-
ceeds of ihe public lands among the States bs
parsed.
He now appea'ed to Southern Seaator-,—Sena-
tors from the staple States—on whose constituents
this increased burden would principally fall. Are
they willing to give  tbeu sanction to a measure
