816
cíes only, would not exceed, probably, a million of
dollars; and not two millions, if it should apply
to the articles also which pay a specific duty
This would make an aggregate of twenty-three
or twenty-four and a half millions, and still leave
a deficit of eight to nine millions
The next year after, or in 1843, the duties would
be two and a half millions less—between January
and July"—and be increased more by the home va-
luation, from one to two millions; making, how-
ever, an aggregate less than in 1842
Some might compute the addition by the home
valuation larger, if they took the whole 20 percent,
addition, without deducting the charges of impor-
tation, which are now added.
It is to be remembered that the foreign valuation
is higher than it would be when the invoice was
almost the only test.
As the Senator from South Carolina has re
marked, 20 per cent was, in 1828, as m 1790, re-
quired to be added on goods beyond the Cape of
Good Hope, and ten per cent on those this side
This had the effect to raise the foreign value con-
siderably on all articles not free and not paying a
specific duty. But it of course had bo effect on the
value of the free articles, or on those paying a spe-
cific duty, which constituted, together, three-fourths
of the whole.
[In a subsequent part of the debate to-day, Mr
W. stated, in order to avoid error, a friend had
suggested that a different rule still for ascertaining
the foreign value was now in force. That a re-
peal of the additional per centage, in all cases.was
made after four or five years experience—and an
inquiry was ordered to be made by the appraisers
on evidence, &c. to ascertain the true value abroad,
independent of the invoice, and ta^e as a guide
the true value, whatever per cent, it might be
above the invoice.]
Congress had not provided how the home valua-
tion should be settled But whether in fixing the
home valuation we should adopt a general average
rule of 20, 15, 10, or some other per cent above
the actual foreign value, howevtr much above ¡he
invoice, or require the home value in each kind of
goods, and at each port to be tested, by evidence
before the appraisers, might be questionable, and
was jet to be determined What would be the
exact increase of duties collected in consequence
of the new system of valuation, it would be d ffi
cult to determine, with much accuracy, till the
rule for it was prescribed, the whole quantity of
dutiable imports seen, and the practice btcame set-
tled under the great change m our system
But give awa) the public lands, and allow yoiu
expenses for the current service to go, in 184í¡, as
high as they are pushed in 1841—as high as the
official organs aiidseveidl ol tneir friends seem lo
compute them, and as high as circumstances indi-
cate they H'e libe to range, and a dtficit it at
least eight mi'lions s ems to be highly probable
I shall be happy to find it made less by the Senator
from Kentucky. Now, to raise ¡his sum by the
tariff, and to pay ihs expense of collection, &r
attendant, the proposed increase ot the Unff to
twenty per cent, is manifestly inadequate It must
go still higher, and must reach near thirty per
cent on the necessaries, as well v% luxuries of
life, and the compromise thus be deliberately and
materially violated                                '                 I
Not only this oppression, sir, would then be in-
flicted on the poorer and middling classes of tax-
ing their tea and coffee, now free, and of raising,
beside*, their iron, sugar, molasses, and salt to
quite thirty per cent or half as high again as the
compromise, but you would open again thecca-
tnzed and dangerous wounds healed over so fortu-
nately by that compromi e You must see again
a whole region of coun ry agitaud with a deep
&en«e of injustice and wan on inequality—another
fraternal warfare excited, and the convulsions of
1832 and 1833, so alarming ther, so much to b1
deprecated always—wi nesseu again in the heart
of the Union.
Gentlemen may ask, how is it to be avoided' I
answer, first, by avoiding this prodiga1 donation, in
this crisis, of the proceed  oí the lands, whicu yo j
yourselves so imperatively ne>d. By avoiding
next, sir, that fatal increase of debt and expend ture
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in peace, which furnishes the apology lor this vast
augmentation of the tarifT.
Under the past Administration, then dsnounced
by its opponents as expending too much, only
twenty-five millions were spent in 1839—only
twentv-ihrte m 1840—only twenty were intended
in 1841—and only eighteen in 1842. Keep down
the sum to that standard—if not going down to
the fifteen and thirteen millions you yourselves pro-
mised. Keep down only to our reduced standard
—as the expense of Indian wars lessen—as pen-
sioners died—as public buildings were completed—
and we were enabled to, and did, lessen rapidly the
aggregate expenditure. Keep down to only our
miscalled extravagance, and you need not tax at all
the tea and coffee, which solace and render more
temperate all classes in society, and you may also
reduce the tariff one half, which is now paid on salt
aud molasses, the great necessaries every where of
the great masses You would thus do something
effective to relieve the real working people, for
whom so little legislation is generally attempted
You would rsrry joy into the most distant iarm-
house in the TJnien, and to the humblest fireside
This can be accomplished—if not lavishly giving
away the public lands, it can be done, without, at
the same time, raising higher the tariff on a single
necessary of life. It raising wines alone to 20 per
cent which all concede to be luxuries, a d raising
all silks to only 12i or 15 per cent, the whole ob-
ject is effected. The change in the tariff
would then look like old-fashioned times, and old-
fashioned principles, the poorer and midi'lmg
clasees, and the necessaries ot life, paving less, and
the rich and their luxuries paying moie Just let
me give, m a few words, the details of such a
plan.
Thus, reduce our current expenses
to only    ....   $18,000,000
Add the interest on your new twelve
million loan, but nothing on that
fot a Bank, till we see it it be not
vetoed                  .           .           .          660,000
Add, also, an instalment to help pay
off that twelve million debt in sea-
son          .           .           .           .3 000 000
Aggregate expense of all kinds,           $21,660,000
Receipts from lands, it sales aie ad-
vertised, as they should be          .        3,500,000
From the tariff m 1842, under exit-
ing laws, after the two listreduc
tions, rate yearly .           .           .      11,000,000
Add tion between 1st July and July,
'42, before ihe last red  tion        .        2,500 000
It the tariff be kep I ow, imports will
increase over the Secretary's esti-
mate 20 per cent yielding m duties
at least     .                                           1,500 000
A v'eclara'ory law, correcting draw
backs and errors in judicial deci-
sions, would yield             .           .       2,000,000
Home valuation yield foi half the
year, at fifteen per cent.   .           .          800 000
#21 300,000
This would leave a deficit of only $360,000
That could be made up by ra sing the dutv on
wine* to 20 per cent and on silks to 12¿ or 15, so
as not only to discna'ge the deficit but yield
more than the amount of the reduction of the duty
on both salt <ind mol sces which I cVs>re to be as
low as only 10 per cent, if they cannot be free
It woula also lea/e tea and coffee as l ft by the
last Administration, en'irely free from any duty
whatever.
This is my plan—and to aid in accomplisl mg it,
I should not hesitate to adopt the motion now be-
fore us, and not part with the lands at least till
our debts are all ho<jes!ty and promptly pa d
The question was taen taken on the amend-
ment and decided in the negative an f Hows.    _
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhonn, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberis, Mouton N.cholsor, Pierce, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticat,Tappan, Walker, Wilbams,Wood-
bury and Wright—19
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bales, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans-, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Merrick, Mil er, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Tallmad?e, Whue, and Woodbndge—87.
Mr CLAY of Alabama then moved to amend
the bill by inserting m the 2d section, line 10,afier the
word "States," the word*, "and such sums as may
be paid to any Indian tribe for the purchase of any
pprtion of the public lands "
On this amendment the question was taken with-
out debate, and decided m the negative as fol-
lows-
YEAS—Messrs, Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier, Smith of Connect cut, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
White and Woodndge—26.
Mr McROBEaTS moved to amend section ten
by striking out the words "and which has been, or
shall have been, surveyed prior thereto "
Mr. McRoberts, m support of his amendment,
procseded to say that the section of the bill under
consideration was the one containing the pre erup-
tion clause It provided that every person, being
the head of a family, or widow, or single man over
twenty-one years ot age, &c. who has made, or
shall hereafter make, a settlement on the puohc
lands to which the Indian title has been extin-
guished, and which has been, or ¡hail have been, sw-
veyeiprutr thereto, &a. shall be entitled to a pre-
emption. I have been thus particular m stating
the substance of ihe section, that the object of my
amendment may be the mr re readily understood.
That the Indian title should be extinguished be-
fore settlements should be allowed, so as to autho-
rize pre-emptions, is right and proper. The law
has never bee  otherwise But, su,continued Mr.
McR is it right and proper to exclude pers-ons
from the right of pre emption, who settle upon the
lands before the surveys are made? To retain this
provision m the bill, would defeat the great and
paramount object of Government in granting pre-
emptions It would exclude the pioneers who
first cultivate the wi'derness, and therefore have
the strongest claims I have therefore moved to
strike it our, s,o that the actual settler, whether he
«hould build his house, and plough his field, and
planr h", corn, either befoie or after the land was
surveyed, wou'd still be entitled to a pre emption
But the injustice of the provision as it now stands
in the bill, will be at once perceived, when the
fact is recollected by the Senace, ihat this Govern-
ment has never oeen able to carry on its survejs
so as to keep pace wnh the population This
branch oí the public service has alwa>s been m
arrear of the public wants. The inability of the
Government to hasten the surveys, ought not to be
taken advantage of, and Irons that cause refu-e
pre-emptions to actual settlers upon the land. But,
sir, wa- such a provision ever inserted in any pre-
vious pre emption law? JNo, sir, no This is the
first instance, and I hope it may be the last
As a Senator from on3 of the new Stales con-
taining the public lands, ltt me tell yon, st, tne
consequences of this feature m the bill. There are
hundreds, and possibly thousand , of citizens of
Illinois, now residing upon public lands m that
Sta*e, v hich have not to tms day been surveyed—
1-nds upon w hich the Jacrbs'aff was never erected.
Mea, and women, and then little children, have
Heme, in that great S^te, beyond ih limits of the
public urveys. Sir, we ha\e hid counties orga-
nized—counties thickly populated too, upon the
public domain And, sir, let me say further, that
no population upo i this earth, is more just, more
uprigh', or more hospitable, than that population
Honor, integrity, and chivalry, are iheir birth-
right The whole of thj denunciations of the set-
tlers on public lands, so far as Illinois is concern* d,
are onlv evidence o' the ignorance of men who
make them.
Sir, it has been said that to allow pre-emptions in
