CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31?
advance of the surveys, might interfere with the
1 6th section reserved for schools. This ís'a mis-
take, because section six'een is exp'estlv re«erved
to each township by the ordinance of 1787, and it
i* also from abundant caution, because it wa<i un-
necessary, again reserved in this bill.
Why,  tr, a large pottion of the great valley of
the Mississippi has been settled and improved be-
fore the surveys weie made. I hope that a pro-
vision, so manifestly unjust, may be stricken from
this bill. Not only this feature in the bill, but
other parts of section ten, show thit it was con-
ceived and wntten m a spirit hostile to the growth
and prosperity of the West.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said it was a practical
question whether settlers should be permuted to go
on the public lands> before they were surveyed.
The House of Representatives had come to the
conclusion in advanc  that they should not. He
had always voted in fa ver of pre-emption, law and
pre empt on clairn«, and was Mill in favor of them.
He thought, however, thee rush! to be torn" limit.
The sixteenth section w"s iest?rv<«d by compact for
the use oí schools; but it it were dec'ared m advance
t iat lands t^ay be set'led on before they were sur-
veyed, the settler could know nothing of the six-
teenth section, ard his title might conflict with the
reservation, and they would have to grant him a
float or deprive him of the benefits of his improve-
ments, which he (Mr. S.) w?s not disposed to do.
There was no danger of that time ever coming
when hnds sufficient could not be surveyed. He
was in favor of pre-emption rights, but h? did not
think they ought to go in advance of the public
surveys.
Mr LINN said the whole body of Missouri had
been settled by a hardy and enterprising band long
before the lands were thought of being surveyed.
It had always been so, and always would beso,
and if, after these people had settled on the public
lands, and made their improvement^ anv attempt
was mad.  to put these lands up a' auction because
tbey had not been survyed, it would compel these
people to coaabme and orive off intruders with their
r>fles.
Mr. YOUNG insisted it was the first time that
any iuch principle had evei been engrafted on a
pre-emption bill. If pre emption rights were not
to be granted until after surveys were mad , there
might be excepted four organized counties in the
State of Illinois, wher' mere were' thousand vo
ters. In the samr section, tío, he found a clause
excluding aliens from the right of pre-emption—
an invidious distinction, which had rever before
been made.
The debate wai further continued by Messrs.
SMITH of Indiana, PORTER, and YOUNG,
when
Mr HUNTINGTON argued against the amend-
ment He said the Senator from Illinois seemed
to view the subject as though th" rights of no other
parties were to be consideied but those of the set-
tlers He thought enough was done when the set-
tle- was secured in his preemption right, after the
land had been surveyed. To strikeout the clause,
which the Senator had moved to do, would be at
all times to invite intruders on 'he choicest spots
of the public lands in advance of the surveys.
Mr. WOOD 3RIDGE thought th* whole West
ought to s'and by the p'e-empt'on principle, and
that the public surveys should be finished wi h as
much rapidity as possible On fie wS ole, how-
ever, he thought evils might grow out of the amend-
ment.
The question was taen taken on the adoption of
this amendment, and decided in the negauve, as
fo'lows1
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cnthb-rt, Pultoi, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Porter,
Smith of ConnecMcut, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tap-
pan, Walker, White, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright  and Younp—23.
NAYS—Messrs Arrhrr, Bates, Bayard,BeM^n
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, "¡Ivans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Merrick,
Miller, Morehcad, Phelps, Prentiss,Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, and Wood-
bridge—24.
Mr. YOUNG then moved U stuke out that
clause whi"h related to the exclu-ion of aliens.
Mr. SMITH of Irdiana explained that the hill
simplv required the alien to have filed his declara-
tion of intention to become a citizen, as required
by the naturalization laws, togivehim all the rights
under the bill.
When the question was taken on the amendment,
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Beaton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clav of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, M< Robers, Mouton, Pierce, Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker,
White, Williams, Woodburj, Wright, and Young
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
nen, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans. Evans, Graham, Hi ndcr^on, Huntington,
K>r, Merries, Miller, Moiehead, Phlps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of In-
diana, Southard and Woodbnd^e—25
Mr NICHOLSON then moved to exclude the
proceeds of the sale., of the vscint and unappro-
priated lands m the State of Tennessep, relmqui-h-
ed to that State on certain conditions
After some remarks from Messrs. CLAY,
WHITE, and NICHOLSON, the question was
tat en, ard the amendment was decided in the neaa
Uve, as follows"
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan <"'al-
houn.C'ayof Alabama, Cuthbert, Faltón, King,
Linn, MeRoberts, Mruton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevic, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbndge, Woodbury, and Young—
21.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Baj ard,
Berrien, Choate, C'av of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Merrick, Mi.ler, More-head, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Pieston, Rive=, Simmors, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, T, Umads-e, and Whi e—27
Mr. GRAHAM then moved to amend the bill so
as to place among the deductions from the neit
proee ds to be distnb ited "any sums apparently
due to the Uni'ed States as balances of debts srow-
mg out of the transactions of the Revolutionary
war "
This proposition was debited at some length h/
Me srs. GRAHAM, CALHOUN, CLAY, TAP-
HAN, TALLMADGE, and others, and the ques-
tion bang taken, it w?s. decided m the affirmative,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evan% Grahim, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Merrick, Mil>er, Morehead, Pnelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, TaSlrnadg , White, and Woodbndge
—27
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Pulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberk, Mouton, Nicholson, Piprce, Sevier, Smi'h
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, and Woodbury—19.
Mr YOUNG then moved to add to ttvbi'l addi-
tional f. etions, embracing the gradnation princi-
ple, and the right of ihe States to tax the publ c
lands when sold, mstea 5 of allowipg tnem to be
exempt for five }ea's, as they are under the present
compact.
This was debated at some length by Messrs
WHITE, YOUNG, BENTON, and others A
motion was then made to adjourn, but failed—aves
18, noes 19.
The debate was further co-itinurrl, f nd then the
Senate adjourned without taking any question.
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES,
TlESDJH    A'KMlstlO   1841
The Ton mat of yesterday was rea 1 and approved
Mi WI^E lose, and íeqiested the House to feimit ii m to
recotd his- vote m favoi of the bill which passed this House
yesreiday, providing for the lepeal of the b 11 commonly known
as the "nib lrea«uiy law
Objections being made  die vote wis not iccoided
BWKRI PT UW
Mi BERNARD moved that the II>ii lesnHe i'se'i into
Oimmittee oí the Whote on the ' e of ib, Union with a
view, he said, to resume the consideiaiioii of the bankiupt
taw
Mr WISE asked Mr   Bakn4.bd to wine that motion, 10
enable him to report, from the Committee on Na^al Affairs,
J the Senate bill pioviding for the payment of l\avv pension-
l>  ers, (which had been íeturned from the Senate with amend-
1  meuts)
Mr BARNARD asked if the gentleman from Virginia [Mr
Wish) was going to presa the consideration of the bill at thia
time?
Mr WISE was understood to say that there were some
amendments- which he desned to be acted «poo, but which he
presumed could not occupy any length of time
Mi BARNAIiDdeclmed to waive his motion.
Mr ROOSEVELT inquired of the Speaker if it was in order
to move so to amend die motion of his Colleague [Mr Baknaed)
as that the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the Union
be diachaiged from the further consideration of the bankrupt
law, with a view to us being acted on in the Housel
The SPEAKER It is not m order^to move that or any other
amendment to the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr -Barnahd ]
The motion ot Mr Baknabd, by ayes 77, noes 67, was then
agreed to
¡So the House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, f Mr Tilmnohast of Rhode Island in
the chan >
Mi BARNARD moved that the committee proceed to the
consideration of the Bankrupt law
Mr UNDERWOOD moved that the committee take up the
District Bank bitl
The CU AIRMAN said that when the committee lastróse,
they weie upon the consideiation of the Iiankruptbii! Amo-
tion h id been made by a gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Biuggs] to lay the 'iitl aside, and that was the pending motion.
Mr BRIGGS w lthdrew the motion to lay the bill aside
fIne committee then íesumed the consideration of the bill
from the Senate to establi&h a uniform sysiem of bankruptcy
throughout the United Sutes
The bill, having heretofore been read through, was nowjtaken
up hv sections
And the first section having been lead, and the question being
on affieeing thereto,
Mi BV.RNARD (chairman of Ihe Committee on the Judi
ciary) opene 1 the debate in a speech m which he gave a concise
sketch of ihe bistorv of the present bill He explained its pro-
visions, and commented on the nature of the obstacles hitherto
piesented to us passage, and concluded with an impressive de-
suní *ion of the embairassment and distress prevailing through
out the country amongst that unfortunate class whom this bill
could aioneret eve
Mi ISl^liE I spoke m favor of the bill
Mi GORDON of New York said, that there could be no
doubt that Congi ess possessed the power to pass a bankrupt
law, bu< it did not lollow because it had, that therefore itshouid
exercise it Congre&sm IsOO did pass an act, which was to
expire bv its own limitation m five years, but was re-
pealed m 1S03, and fiom that dav to this nume-
lous eifoits had been made to pass anothei bankrupt law, but
they hadalt failed And why he woulc1 ask, had they failed!
It was because the people had given their Representatives in
i ongtess to und rsiand that sueh a measure would be lmudl-
cio us ami unv. lse Now, what evidence was there that the people
were, at this time, in favor of the passage of a bankrupt law?
'Ihe chairman of the Committee on ttie Judiciary had made
a veiy able report on the subject, and also a most excellent
speech, but still he had failed to convince him Mr O that the
opinio is winch he had forrred were enoneous It appeared
fiom what the gentleman had said that there were 600,000
bankrupts in the United States but that45,000 only had really
petitioned for the enactment tor a bankiupt bill. He, Mr G
should think that this fact alone went to piove that the people
at laigehad not asked ior it He conceived ibis to betlie best
evidence that could be adduced to show that the law was not
desned oy the people So much lor the populanty of this sub-
ject Mi O went into a bnef examina ion of the constitution-
al questions br-anng upon this subject, and then proceeded to
argue, from someol the piovisions of thishill, thautwasnot
Uniterm in its charactei, and that it would work unequally both
as regarded individuals as welt as States He complained that
there had been incorporated m the same bill a bankrupt sys-
tem and an insolvent system, and he asked what power Con-
fess had to pass an insolvent law'' Whilst he admitted its
I ower to pass a bankrupt act, he denied it had a right to enact
an insolvent law
He enteied into m explanation of the meaning and distinction
of the terms 'bankrupt" and "insolvent," as understoodin Eng-
land, and contended that these t<rms were conlounded in this
bill, when theic wasabioada'id palpatio distinction between
the two classes of debtors He argued that this was a propo-
sition to vioiate the obligation ol contracts, and interfere with
the insolvent laws ot the several fetales He admitted that Con
gress possessed die powei to pass a bankrupt law, but that law
must be piospective and not tetro active, and ii must operate
upon all debtors alike He contended that under tins bill the
banks and other coipnratlons, such -is the Bank of the United
States of Pennsylvania, included m 1U pi ovisions, as other-
wise they would go to iavor, in very many cases, a set of
swmdleisaml rascals, at the expense of the community gene-
rally Hi thouidlt that speculatois and others, of loose moral
piiiicip'e would take adiantaee of the law, and sacrifice the
innocent, lue honest, u 1 the upright, to carry out their own
se1 s|i ii, i dis ¡onest purposes He nest showed that the ope
raiion i tint bill would be hi hly injurious and oppressive to
the creditors in the several states, who, in order to substantiate
their claims against an individual residing in another, and, per
hd[s, distant State, might be compelled to tiavet some thou-
sands ot miles to do H The opeiation of the act then, in vast
many instances, would be, <hat the debloi would get on, in con-
sequence ot the creditor being reduced to the necessity of tra
\ llinsthuo far to the gieat neglect of his business and other
dt mands upon his time and attention at home He concluded
withsaylo that tu hoped some moie dble members than him-
ell wlo hads udiedthesubject more thin he had done, would
sus mi the motion to to stuke ou   the enacting clause of the
bill                                                    ,                                     ,   .
if Mr ROOSEVELT referred to the vinous specties which
had been marte on on both sides of the quesdon, and to the uu
n.iojspeutlonus who«e memouals Iwdcome up to Congress
both for and aeainst the bill Among those in favor of it he had
halthehonorof presenting some fiom his own city andamong
ihe -iimeis would be found not merely those v, lio had been ra-
thei lightly spoken of as speculators and bankrupts, but men
of substance, men oftaige means who weie far above the
suspicion of having any personal interest m the passage of the
law   such, for example, as William P, Astor, whom no one,
