CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            élfr
present, in moving that the papers wh'ch he had
presented be printed. He requested the Secretary
of the Senate would have the goodness to read
them.
The Secretary of the Senate then read the me-
morial and resolutions, of wh'ch the following is
ai abstract:
At a meeting of a large number of the cituens
of the Lie of Wight, Josiah Holliman presided,
and W. H. Jordan acted as Secretary The meet-
ing was addressed by Colonel Arthur Smith,
and by Joel Holleman, esq. Resolutions were
adopted unanimously, that Congress has no power
to create a National Bank. That should Con-
gress pass a Bank or Fi-cal Agent, it is the opt
monot i he meeting the char er may be rightfully
repealed. That ihe distribution cf the proceeds of
the public lands, with a deficiency m the Treasury,
and an assumption of the debt* of the States, is in
v o'ation of ihe right"! of the States, and a dauge
rous encroachment upon the liberties of tie peo-
ple. That Congress has no p iwer to lay and co1-
l<ct taxes, except to pay the debts of the General
Government, and to provide for the common de
fence and general welfare, and has no power to
lay and collect taxes, &c. with a view to the pro-
tection of any interest, either manufaetuiwg, com-
mercial or agricultural. That the donation made
to the widow of the late President of the United
States, wa< a palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion, and an unwarrantable wa te of the public mo-
ney. That copies of these proceedings be forward
to the Hon. John C. Calh ün and Hon. Thomas
H.Benton of the Senate, and Hon JihnW.
Jones of the House of Representatives, with a re-
quest that they present them to the Congress of
the  United Sta'es.
After they were read, Mr. CALHOUN renew-
ed his motion to print, and called for the jeas and
nays.
The question was accordingly put, and negatived
—yeas 19, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Pulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, and Wright—19
NAYS—Messrs. Bates,Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
xnadge,  White,   and  Woodbridgp—20.
Mr CALHOUN s,aid ih s was th  first time he
had ever known .o revieellul and unexc<ptionable
an expression of the opinions of a large and respect-
able meeting, to be letused the usual courtesy of
being printed It was the first tune since the be-
ginning of this Government that a general gag sys-
tem was attempted to be extended to the excision
of public opinion. Here waj the opinion of a
large and respect, ble public meeting shut out
from publicity, and from the common courtesy of
printing, by a bare majority m favor ot this gag
system. Let it be told to the people that they are
no more to remonstrate; but will that efiect the ob-
ject of the gentlemen? They may gag this
body, but they cannot gag the people? Do the
gentlemen think by silencing such memorials
and resolutions, the can escape public comment?
If they do, they deceive themselves this is but the
muttering of the thunder, and the gentlemen and
their measures wul h* swept before ihe coming
storm as the chaff before the whirlwind. With
these remarks for the present, he would nos* move
to lay the papers on the table
Mr. BENTON requested Mr. Calhoun to with-
draw his motion to lay the proceedings on the tabic
for a moment, and Mr. Calhoun withdrew his mo-
tisn.
Mr. Bent n then went on to ^ay, that, having
confo*med to the decision of the Sena'e m moving,
without debate, yesterday morning to takt up the
Fauquier proceedings, he would now take the op-
portunity to say somethi ig of those resolutions,
and the reasons which were urged for lefuMng to
print them Tht«e reasons may be comprehended
under h'ee heads- 1 That they related to subjects
which had ¡assed by, and wi'h which the Sraa'or
hid nothing farther to do    2   That they were dis-
-----------------------------------------------■■, '-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
respectful in their language. 3. And that they as-
serted the r'ght of repeal m relation to the Fi-cal
Bank. These were the objections; and lo 'hese I
answer, that the first and second objections are un-
founded in point of fact, and so shown to be by
the resolutions One of them applies to this extra
session itself, the cal'iog of whieh it condemns,
and I think most justly. Tne session still con-
tinues, and the resolution denies the wisdom
and economy of this session—condemns l's
call, and its objects—and considers its existcnc
a public injury. In all this I concur with the
meeting, and as the session still continues, this re-
solution, of course, applies to <i measure which
has not passed by, and, therefore, the objection to
it is unfounded. Another resolution applies to tbe
new tax bill—'he tea tax bill—wh>ch it utterly and
most righteously condemn*, and that bill is still
before us. A third measure to which the resolu-
tions apply, is tne lanl distribu'ion bul, and that is
still before us. They also apply to the Bank bill
whicn was still in the other H( use when the reso-
lutions were offered, and whic'i may be before th 
Senate again Tnus, three of the subjects men-
tioned m the resolutions, were, and are still before
us; a fourth was, and may be, b'fore us; and
all of them were before us at the time the meet-
ing was held. Tne objection, then, which ap-
pl.es to the past by, or gone by, character of
the measures, is unfounded in point of fact.
With respect to the next objection, that the reso-
lutions were di<respec'ful, Mr. B said that this
objectitn was cne which was susceptible of a dec-
sive answer. The resolutions would speak for
themselves, and show their own character.
They had been read in this chamber, and
seen to be peifectly rfspectful. They will
be published, and the public will judge. The
public can judge as well as we, and, to help
out their judgments, ! shsll mere'v refer ihem to
the character of the menona's and resolves sent
to ihii. chamber by the Bank party during the pa-
nic session, lavishing every odious epithet on Pre-
sident Jackson and the Government, and the whole
of which were received here with so much honor,
commented upon with so much zeal, and printed
with so much haste, and dow forming six volumes
of documents on our shelves. To the third objec-
tion, no question of fact is raided. The fact is
admitted. One of the resolutions declares the íe-
pealabihty of this Fiscal Bank, and the duty of
Congress to repeal it. This is admi'ted and justi-
fied. I nay th" people have % right to ask for ihis
repeal, and to be respectfully tre<i ed when they do
ask for it. It is tneir righ ;and it is for thp«nselve 
to assert that right at home, and for their rr pr '?n-
tativcs to vmdi"atp it here What' D > th *e who
advocate abolition peli'iom—who want them re-
ceived and respectfully considered—do they object
to a repeal petition as disrespectful' If sj, let the
people know it.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky begged leave lómate a
single remark
Mr. BENTON conceived the pending question
was on th? motion to lay the pipers on the table
Mr. CLAY. But, sir, they are not laid on the
table vet.
The CHAIR was understood to say that the Se-
nator from South Carolina had suspended his mo-
tion to allow the Senator from Missouri to make
his remarks
Mr. CLAY. Now, sir, who wants iO suppress
discussion? What I was going to sv¡v was, that
we had heard with great p-uience and respect the
papers read; but we do not see any necessity for
punting them; thev have been published already I
saw them in a Virginia p?per this morn ng—on
the score of publicity, there is no occasion to print
them I now mo/e to lay the resolut on on the
wble.
Mr ARCHER. I hope the Senator wi'l suspend
Ins motion for a moment.
Mi. CLAY. No, s.r, I caniot wi'hdraw my
motion.
Mr. WOODBURY cat'ed for the yeas and nai,s
wh ch were o Jered, and th^y were—21 i=as, 91
nays, anl so th  motion of the Senator fr< m Ken-
tucky was ncafved
Mr.  ARCHER then explained, that what he
wished to say when the Senator from Kentucky de-
clined giving him an opportunity, was that he was
absent from his ieat when the vote was taken on
the motion to print. Had he been in his place, he
would have voted for the motion. The memorial
and resolutions were from a portion of his consti-
tuents wi>h whom he did not concur in political
opinion', but they were couched in respectful
terms, and he had ever acted on the pnnciple that
in such cases the courtesy of printing and consi-
deration was due to any respectful expression of
opinion coming from any portion of the people.
This wa i the explanation he wished to make when
he asked th? Senator from Kentucky to suspend
his motion
Mr. CLAY of Alabama made a few remaiks
not heard m the eallery.
Mr. CALHOUN said that it was due to the Se-
nator from Vngima to state, 'hat the presentation
of petitions tikes place immediaiery after the read-
ing of the journal in ihe morning, and that he bad
de.ayei the presentation of the proceedings till the
last moment, wif^-Mit losing the onportunity of pre-
senting them to day He ("VSr C.) had intended to
make to the Senator ftom Kentucky the very reply
which the Senator from Virginia had. It is am-
ple, without adding a word, and he adopted it as
his own.
The course of the Senator from Kentucky in op-
posing the printing, is in keeping with his entire
course dunng the present session. After gagging
the Houie, and attempting to gag the Senate, it
was buf to be expected that be should next attempt
to gag the people—to stifle their voice in their own
House. The attempt was m vain. The public
indignation is ri*m.  The voice of the people, if
suppressed here, %ou)d next be heard through the
ballot box. We already hear the rumbling of the
distant thunder. The s orm was approaching,
which wo lid sweep away tliooe who had betiajed
a confiding pe pie, and with them the doings of
th s long to be rememb red session.
Regarded in any other light but that of disrespect
to those whose proceedings he bad presented, he
had no cause to complain of the conduct of the Se-
nator m refusing to print them. It afforded another
proof of the reckless violence that marks the con-
duct of that Senator. His hobby, which he has
spurred and ia-hed so unmercifully, is panting un-
der him, and this last blow wi'l bring rider and
hobby to the ground.
He would now renew the motion to lay the pro-
ceedings on the table.
¡Mr. CLAY ma'e some remark fiom his chair,
not distinctly h-ard
The proceedings were laid on ih" table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of
a largs- number of a izens, resident of our North-
ern frontier, in favor of defences on that frontier,
setting forth the importance of steam power on
the lakes; and communica'i"g some important
f"ets, not before made publie, wi h relation to
British movements on teat frontier; which was re-
ferred to ih- Cnmmit'ee on the  Militia.
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky, from the Committee
on Finance, rep rted the bill for the repeal of the
Wo-Treasury, with the amendments from the
House, with whi-h th  committee recommended a
concurrence. He moved to take up tbe bill
now.
Mr. WRIGHT suggested that the bill be post-
poned as the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives]
was not present, who had taken an interest when
the bill was bcfoie under consideration, in the
subject embraced in one of the amendments
Mr. CLAY would be very happy if the Sena-
tor and all others were present; h"e thought it was
important, at th<s stage of the session, to take up
and pass the bill now 11 was well known that the
President had before him ano'her important mat-
t"i immediately connected with tms subject, and it
woiH be ued that both matters snould be before
him at th" same time.
Mr KIN'S sud it was certainly de> rabie thai
the Senate should hsve time lolock into and de-
'iberaie upon the amendments made by the other
House Hosv can the Senate be p epared to act
npon the.e amendments Without having an op-
portunity of examination?
