asó
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BENTON considered this subject one which
could not with propriety be pressed on the Senate
without time being given (or deliberate action.
The amendments of the House were important,
and would require caution and deliberation. He
hoped the matter would be laid over
The CHAIR explained that this was not a mo-
tion to take up the bill, it was a motion to consi-
der the report of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LINN wis-hed to ask the Chair a question,
which was, whether, if the Senate went into the
consideration, at the expiration of the morning
hour the subject could be laid over by motion
The CHAIR said it was not strictly the business
of the morning hoar, and could only proceed by
consent. If so permitted, it would be in order
after the morning hour.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that, as the Chair
had stated, it was not a question to take up, but a
question for consideration. The remarks of the
Senator from New York were sufficient to «how the
propriety and necessity of postponement. It the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives] were in his
place, he would probably be able to satisfy the Se-
nate that ihese amendments should not be concur-
red in. It was well known that that Senator had
strong objections to one of those amendments As
to the argumnnis, urged by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clat,] that there was an absolute ne-
cessity for Ihe immediale concurrence of the Se-
nate, in order that the bill might go before the Pre-
sident of the Unitsd Slates while deliberating on
the Bank bill, he (Mr. Clay of Alabama) consi-
dered them any thing but satisfactory or persua-
sive If the President should decide against ihe
Bank bill, it would cenainly be then necessary 10
take into consideration the propriety of repealing
this Independent Treasury bill, and thereby ieav
mg the Treasury without any safeguard or regula-
tion by law If, on the oiher hand, the President
signs the Bank bill, that will, in itself, be a repeal
ot the Independent Treasury bill; so that, m any
case, there can be no necessity, while there i<- ma-
nifest impropriety, in the present course. He would
now move to proceed to ihe orders of the day
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. Very well, sir, I
now move that the Land bill b* postponed, and
that we take up the report oí the Committee of Fi-
nance on the House amendments to Senaie bill
No. 1.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama raised a point of order,
contending that the tegular order** could not be laid
on the lab e till announced by the Chair
Mr. CALHOUN sustained the punt of ord r
raised by Mr Clat of Alabama.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky I now r s", sir, f< r
the purpose of coming to the point, and withdraw
all my molion=; let the orders of the day co ne be-
fore the Sena'e.
The CHAIR then said the order of the day was
the uofimshed business of yesterday—the Dismbu-
tion bill
Mr CLAY of Kentucky. Well, sir, I now
move to lay that bill on the table
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 23, nays 22,
as follows-
YEAS—\tessi* Archer, Bates, Savard, Btrnen,
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evuns,
Graham, Huntington, Vernck, Miller, Morehend,
Porter Prentiss, Presión Simmons, Smith of ¡ml 
ana, Southaid, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge-23
NAYS—"Vfi ssrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Fulton,
King, Lmn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smiih of Connedicut, oliirgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Wil lams, Woodbi r , 4Vnght
and Young—22
And so the Distribution bill was U í n the
taMe.
Mr. CL*.Y of Kentucky I now ra.ro take
up the report ¡f Ihe Finance Cxrrmttee on t e
House amendments to thp bill repealing the Sub-
Treasury
Mr. KING objected that it wa> no ihe next
thing in order. The other orders of the day had
precedence.
The CHAIR «aid this bill h?d precedence on
the calendar in the regular orders of the day.
Mr. CALHOUN. Where is the revenue bill,
and the other bills sent here from the House?
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky.   I moved to lake up
this bill; on that I hope the question will be taken.
Mr WHITE asked leave to read from Jeffer-
son's Manual one of the rules bearing upon the
question at issue
Mr CL&Y of Kentucky. I have moved lo take
up the repeal bill, and that question I now require
to be put
Mr LINN wuhed to know of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. White] whether he referred tooi-e
of the parliamentary rules, or a rule of the other
House—the British rules, or the American rules'
He thought the gentlemen on that side had repudi-
ated all parliamentary rules.
Mr WHITE.   Allow me to read the rule
Mr. CLAY ot  Kentucky.    I rise to a question
of order, sir   There is no necessity for the Senator
from Indiana to read any rule   I have made a mo-
tion, and let it be decided.
Mr WHITE  I too, sir, make a point of order
Mr CLAY of Alabama made a few remarks,
not heard in the gallery
Mr. WHITE withdrew his point of order.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then explained the point
of order which he had made    It was, that all the
business on the table coming within thp orders of
the day should be taken up and pos poned before
this bill could be acted on     He coitended that it
was not entitled to precedence.
The CHAIR took a different view, and ex-
plained
Mr CLAY of Kentucky. My monon is to take
up this bill in preference to any orders ot the day
which may 1 ive precedente.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked, was there ?ny ar-
psal from the decision of the Chatr that th  motion
was in order'
The CHAIR ¡-aid he had decided that the motion
of die Senator fro n Kentucky wps in order
Mr CLAY of Alabama rem rked that, if neces-
sary to test the point, he wou'd appeal from the
decision of ihe Ctnir
The appeal, after a few conversational remarks,
was withdrawn.
Mr. SEVIER made a few observations, not dis
tinctly heard in the gallery
Mr CALHOUN, observing that the S^a or
from Virginia [Mr Rívks] was not in hi^ place,
would ca I for the yeas and nays on the motion ot
the Senaior from Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were orde'ed, and the mo-
inn was carried—ayes 26, noes 21, a? follors
YEAS—Messrs Archer,Barrow, Bales, Bayard,
Bernen, Chi ate, Clay ot Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Simmons, Smith oí Indana, Sojthard,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridgr—26.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Claj of A'abama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce. Sevier, Smith
of Connect cut, S urgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
The bill was th^n taken up, Ihe question being
on concurring m the amendments of the Touse of
Representatives
Mr CLAY =aid the Committee oa Finance re-
torsmenderi   the   adop'ioT   of    the  amendments
They were but two, one t> repeal what Wris fami-
liarly oiled the pet bank system, wuh  the exeep
tion of one tí i s provisions, the other was  to re-
peal ihe   law when   prohibited the Gove nmen-
Irom paying no es of less denomination ih^n twen
ty dol ars    The Bank bill provided for an is ue of
notes of five dollar —this aci  was th ret >re use-
less.    He h p'xl both amendments wmld b  con
curred in.
Mr CALHOUN said this bill to repeal tie Sub-
Treasury w^s either ns°'e s rr wrong Fne bill
now he'ore he President superseded th s b II, and
provided for ihe 1> eping of lh° Treasury in
another manner. The provisions of tnp Sub-
Treasury act would, thertfore, be superceded, if
the Bank bill became a law. If the President did
not sign the Bank bill, it was wrong to pass this,
as it left no security by law for the Treasury. He
would go further, and «ay it was indelicate It
must bear on the d cisión of the Cmei Magis'rate
on the Bank bill They interfered, then, with his
right of deliberation. Not content with gagging
the House, and attempting to gas the Senate, here
was an attempt to coerce the Executive They
presented the alternative belore him, that if he did
not sign the Bank bill,, the Treasury womd be left
without legal protection.
This was, m short, the que«tion, and he moved
to postpone the subject to Saturday next He had
seen it no iced in the papers that the Chief Magis-
trate intended to visit the ship Delaware on Satur-
day, and he [Mr Calhoun] cok it for granted that
he would dispose of the Bdnk bill bifore he made
the trip Trey owed it to themselves, to the Chief
Magistrate, and to all concerned, that this matttr
be postponed On this motion he called the yeas
and nays
Mr. CLAY said u the Senator meant to erect
himself into a tribunal of decency, he [Mr. Clay]
would plead to his jurisdiction, and deny that he
was competent to judge of what was decency on
his (Mr Clay's) f art, or on the part of Senators on
that side oí the chamber. What had been h¡s ob-
ject .n moving to take up this bill1 He had had no
desisn cf connecting the two matters. He should
think that it would be agreeable to thp President to
have both subjects before htm a. once. Congress
were to goo--, and pass bill after bill, and it a
number came before the Pre* dent at once, it would
enable him to ?ct more undeistanflmgly on them.
The gentleman had said that in a certain contin-
gency, this law was wrong. He (VIr. Clay) be-
lieved, whate/er mi^ht happen, ihat their respect fo
the wishes of ihe people would i iduca them to re-
peal thr Sub-Tiea u y, pi «iny rate. As to its being
superseded by the Bank, it was true that som« of
the provis on of the two ac's in erfeifd, and som*
did not, when this was ihe case, die Bank bill would
•uperser'p th( oner They should actou matters
that came before them, and wi'h all due respect
send them to ihe Executive, without leference to
the fact ot others being before hnn
Mr BENTON ro<e to offer an additional reason
for poslpon ng this bill until Saturday—it was,
that the imendmeni from tne House of Represen-
tatives not only provided for lepealmg the depo-
site act of 1836, and thereby placing the s ord
aud the purse in the hands oí the President—a
conjunction lo which he has heretofore shown gre-at
antipathy, but also repsals the twenty dollar limit
on Goveinm-nt payments in bank notes The
additional reason which I offer fi r tins postpone-
ment is thi ■ The amendment repea t the prohi-
biten on the use oí small notes—notes undei twen-
ty dollar—which was imposed on G-ivernment
payments some years ago, and which has opeiated
so beneficially in keeping this trash out of ihe pub-
lic Treasury. The reason lor the repeal given by
the Senator from Kentucky ( vli Clay) is, that
ft new Bank bill authorises the usue of notes as
low as five dollars. Now the ready answer to this
reason, is that that Bank bill is not yet a law' and
may not be' aud, therefore, the amendment turns
upon a reason which does not exist' which may
not exist' and which many believe ¡¡will not exist.
Tms is an additional reason for a few days' delay
—for not embarrassing the President with the al-
ternative of leaving the public moneys without the
guardianship of l<w With respct tt the Inde-
pendent Treasury system, it is now working well
No one can show an objection to it It is doing all
thit its friends claimed for it, and it is doing the
good work, besides proving every day that there
it no necessity for a National Bank, and that the con
stilutional pretext for tt is dead
Mr PRESTON said ihe Senate had acted on
this subject about twj mortis since They had
made it the first act to eomply wuh the expressed
opinions of the people, ard tad repealed the Sub-
Treasury. Tren, as now, us friends cried "give
us a few days ioiger before this is repealed," aid
now ihey en treated th-rn to spare this cherished ob-
jpet a little longer Did any body doubt trie ge-
neral seninnents on this measure, when they con-
sidered the unqualified condemnation from the pen
pie, when they considered the action oftheoiber
