BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                            ---------WEEKLY--------                         50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSIOH.
27íh Cons..........1st Sess.                                FRIDAY,   AUGUST 20, 1841.                                   Volume 10...........No. Ski.
Continued f,om JVo. 20.
House, and this Hou^e, on this subject 1 Did any
man doubt the opinions of the Presidt.ni, and with
what deep and heartfelt satisfaction he would sign
the death warrant of this od.ous act 1 Now, its
rejea' was obj-cted to a? "indelicate" to the Whig
President, and that by these who did all they could
in prev'enlir-g this indelicacy, by the defeat of his
election They now eowe forward to protect htm
■ rnrn the injuries his friends would if-fliet on him.
It remindel him of the ancient maxim—"Time9
Dañaos et dana ferenies " He was a friend ot the
Prts'dent, and inclined to respect all his. feelings,
> jliticil or oi'nerwi-,e. He would vite for sending
thi-. ba! to !>im now, believing that in the act they
PT-fcrred 'he will of the people of the country,
a-id i or whic'> the Presidet t would thank them.
He hid had no comtnui ioation With, the President,
b it believed he would sign this, whatever was dore
viiL. tne bank bill. It no other measure were
adopt«j, be would sanction this measure. Why
r <=. <•!.? Where was the indelicacy or embarrass-
ment to the President? This, if feigned, became a
Jaw to-moirow. Would the people object to it if
the Bank weie no' es'ablr-hed? Tne issue wa-s
made bptwten the Sab-Tr ssury and ?ny other
sy-temof revenue. H (Mr. P.) would prefer any
uberp'an to this-, i' hid been decidedly condemn-
ed, and '•b.oul' now be repealed.
Mr BENTO V sa.d the anc ent maxim quoted by
the Senator ftom S >mh Carolina di i rrot apply It
vis fur the Premdest io obj-ct to ruraij,and not
fer tho e to object \- ho are pressing upon hi-. . He
and they may view our aid in a very different
Ivii. The Seiitoi has carried me back io the
Tiojiu horse for a maxim. He cannot object to
mi if Í carry nim back to a more remote time for
an example—or.e more appropriate, and equally
c ¡?ss c. I allude t> the famous feast of the La-
fnhce and Centaurs—'hit feast which began in a
wedding, at.d en 'ed m a fight, and to which Ovid
hn given immorta'i'y. There is a certain other
least (which wo all know of) which may end in
t! e •ss. ao manner, a '0 m which aid to one of the
r-i.ues may be voiy weleome Before the tn erthin-
m-ut is over.
Mr. PRESTON.   Net so; no fight among the
Wh gs.  Their feast b'ga t in a wedding; and, like
other weddings, it will end in a muluplifLa ion of
tie specips
Mr BENTON.   In b'ocdy roses rather.
Mr. PRSSTGN.    No; increased progeny.
?-Tf BENTON. Tueaweehallhaveagreat bfOid
of tOJt>g Cejtiii"!.
M' PviVESsitd be was not in bi¿ place when
the d bate cocawnced, an I bad not he. td ttse pre-
vious remm ks tf gentlemen. For himself, he saw
'..ore.v.oaaoie onsideir-'iou for postponing any Ac-
tion oa th s -uoject «t*i noat anj comiuauKt'on
*• ith th  P e- d it of the Uni ed' State-, he (Mr
R. bel.cved be would tuve no ob,ection to having
h in measures befóte him; unJer a^y ci'cum-
s'ances, he Aoali ¿y his uaty to the people of the
Ui.t'ed S'a'es. H* did pot see that it was a n^ceo-
• jr ' c n-> queue, it m^y aced on this suoi. c ,
t a in-1 ir\i-.idem tf tbj United Sutes wou'd be,
nt.J,|DPtii'g on another m-asuie, wi h«ut any
alter, att.c o.it i * adoption. Gentlemen seemed to
>'.u f 'ii .t the amauramb of the Oiher E<"ute
\ oi-'d be adop.ed as a matter of erurse. Was
tha co? Gentlemen would recollect, vhen the bill
v is, pas-ed, a prcvi'iur. rf a similar chtraci'r v.ss
a, ed on by the St.ia'e a id rejected. Fh°y wo'ild
i o" a-cept of the Su^-Treasury *bich their oppo-
nents had held oat in their hands as a plank to save
t >e pr.ri', now in poner from the shipwreck which
they ant'cpated for tbeca; hi believed neither the
Piesident or those who acted with him, would ac-
c pt rf so slippery a plank as this. He (Mr. R )
should vote S3 ha had done before, and if the ma-
jonty of tbe Senate voted as they had done, they
would s;tLply repeal the Sub-Treasury, which had
been condemned by an overwhelming majoiity of
the people of this country. If this were so, the
President was not left with the single alternative
of approving the bill now in h's hands. What
ever he would do, no person was less informed of
than he (Mr. R.) was; he would s'ate frankly that
he had no knowledge, directly or indirect!?, of the
coutse of the President; but from his knowledge
of the man he would say, that in whatever state
of things this ma'ter was presented to bim, be
would do his duty to h's country. He thought,
threfore, the course was plain—that was, to set on
this nvasure. They acted on it in obedience to
the will of the peoole, immedia'ely after they met
it had been kept HI this time in the House,rand
now they should, in the same spirit of expedition,
act on the amendments.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had moved the post-
ponement, that the President might not be embar-
rassed He took it for granted that the Prest-
df-nt wiuld not wish to have Ihe Treasury of the
United Sta'es in £>. own hinds. There could be
no harm in this short delay; and they would be
better pieoared to acton ihis, after the disposition
of the Bank bill The Senator bad said the amend-
ment?; might be reieccd, If ihis was probable, he
would win'raw his motion; bu> he expected a
d'ff"rent rrsuU.
Mi'. PJVES said while gentlemen claimed to act
in a spirit oí ^acabar kindness towards the Presi-
dent nf ihe United S'a'es, he was induced to think
ihs.t they were sct'np for another object, for ih<
preset vat'on of ihnr scberno. In a cenliuperioy,
winch no man knew aoout, but if the contingency
should snse, that the President should feel it a du-
ty to the country and tbe Constitution, to return
the btil which is now in bis hands, with his ob-
jections, they '"ould be ready with th«ir Sub-Trea-
sury to stand on thnt, and keep it still the law of
the land, notwithstanding tbe overwhelming majo-
rity against it.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
Hotm] thought that theie was a great deal of inde-
cent haste in taking up this bill; but it «earned to
hiwCVlr.it.) that this was not an unusual baste.
The bill was returned to tbe Senate, a few days
ago, with the amendments, and had been referred
to a c mm't're. Was it not the ordinary course of
this body, when a import was presented, to act on
it? But 'he S-na'cr bad styled th-s as e'tber unne-
cessary or tr-eltss, or absolutely wrons; and impro-
per. He bad said, va the supposition of the appro-
v&lof h' B.nkb.l', ilu* wo dd be u«eie"¡. But
was there in this bill any clause repeating the Sub-
Treasury? He believed not. There were, doubt-
kss, many provisions of tie Bank bu! mcornati-
tle wit i the "revisions of th:; Sub-Treasury scheme,
so far, this wou'd optr-i' - pro tanto for tbe repeal
of'he ¡".uo-TiPa'-uiy. 3ms me v/ere ¿ot morn
n-i ule; and *-ü íi-r, !b" Sub-Treasury w uld i'and
af er thecs ^''l^hmen* of a Bink. How did 'he
gentleman maK o  lite •'ifr brstich of Uealer-
nativ, that in tte contingency of a veto, or return
of trie Biiilr bill, the action on this s ibjnct now
would bi wio'it, o- .mproper If they acte-1 on
th.s, confining t'iem=c!v<?s to tbe «imph repeal of
ihe Sub-T.easury. then we were ilKovn back for the
keeotng of tne pnb'ic moneys, to the Deposite act of
1836 Gen'ieman hi"! to ngnt to anticipate a
diffeient aetion froTi t.iat before taken on this
subject. P ¡r ¡vms^lf, he thoalJ vote m th: same
t.ia.mer no,v s h> ha! done, and he presumed th 
nnjonty would. Suppose the" did, and then the
Sub-Treasury and the deposite set of 1836 sto id
rop'iled, and ihe Bank bill wer  rejee'ed, would
i hat preclude O-mgr- ss from passing a special act
for the temporary regulation of ihe revenue? Cer-
tainly not; and he should then favor such an act,
for he was now, as he had been before, decidedly
opposed to leaving the public moneys under the
control of the President; not because he had any
want of confidence in the Chief Magistrate; he had
the most unqualified confidence in the integrity and
fidelity to his trust, of that distinguished indivjdu-;„u)
a1; but he was opposed to tbe principle of, leaving"
the public money to the Executive discretion. It
seemed to him, therefore, arrived at this stage of
their labors, when it was the expectation through-
out the country, that two weeks more would close
their session, when every individual here was anx-
ious to be discharged from his pa nful and weari-
some duties m this chamber, that they should dis-
pose of this measure now.
Mr. CALHOUN observed (hat tbe Senator bad
said ihe temporary measure could be pawed forthe
r< gula'ton of the revenue in case of veto of the
Bank bill, but in the mean time, our Treasury
would be in a stale ot confusion; it would ba fir
better to pos'pone our action till Saturday.  • '
The question was ihen taken on postponing the
bill to Saturday next, and lost by the following
votf:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Kmgr Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21, i
NAYS—Me «s. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, K-r, Merrick, MiUer, Morehead, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons,Smithof
In-iiana, Southard, Talltnadge, White, and Wood-
bri 'ge—23.                                                          i
Th.-* qutsiion thrn rectified rn the first amend-
ment ot the Hou^e, which repeals the act of 1836,  '
'■to regulate the deposites of the public money,"
except the 13'h and 14th sections.
Mr. MERRICK had voted against a similar
amendment when the bill was passed. He did it
however under different circumstances; there was
then no law, as hid since been, as far as thejir ac-
tios went, provided as a substitute for the Sub-
Treasury, and be was prepared now to change his
vote, and comply with the existing circumstances.
T*e questim was then taken on the amendment,
whidi was adop.ed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates,Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, K*r,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, TjtU-
m.ídge. While, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messr '. Allen, Archer, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Caihoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pul-
ton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tanrpn, William*, Woodbury, Wright, and
Yoa'-g—33
Th.' qutst,oi was then on the second amend-
ment, w iicH teoealb so much of the act of 14th
Apri', 18S6; piakin  eppr -pridttons for the pay-
men! ci R-'voljtitina'y and o her pensioners, as
provMes ti-at, after the 3 I M*rch, 1837, no note of
les cíe oTica'i >n iban ten dollar* shall be offered
m payment by the United States or the Post Office
Department.
This was adopted, without debate, by the follow.
ing vott:
¥E\S~M"fsrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choa'e, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
D.ion, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Men ick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Simmons, Smi'h of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmaugi, White, and Woodoridge—526.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of A'abama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pieree,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—23.
The title of the bill having been altered so as to
be for the repeal of the Sob-Treasury law, and
