M.y.a)1.",.,.:,1^.„,/::       .......r"  ?'—*-"r '-"I'r^±=
«ntemned court. Yes, sir, and that Siate will
take- sport itself all the consequences of that course
which this Government shtll leave to rest upon it,
while it will not, at any lime, be insensible to the
delicate questions of a national character, which
may connect themselves with  or grow out of its
«ourse.
I do not, nor woold I for any earthly considera-
tion, intima'e an opinion as to the guilt or mnc-
«encijof McLeod. I hope in my heart he is not
guilty of the crime with which he stands charged,
and if he be not guilty, I believe he will meet a
•cheerful acquittal at the hards of his trier', and
that every citizen of this whole country, whether
living upon tbe fron'ier, or in the interior, will re
- joice to know that the crime of blood is not upon
farm If, however, his gudt shall be clearly shown
to the minds and convictisns of an intelligent and
impartial jury, they will surely pronounce it, and
the "sentence of the law will follow. Then, in my
estimation, when the trial shall have been had,
and the judgment of the law thereupon pro! ounced
without apppai, the severe gnty of the State, the
integrity of its te'ritrry, and the supremacy cf its
laws, will have been ful'y asserted, and the ex^cu
tion of the venaeanee of that law, in ca-e of cor -
vicuon, i  all that will remain That wi 1 rest in
the hands of the Executive of the Stat -, and be
subject to his constitutional power t« sirred that
execution for any causes wh ch may appear to h m
to call for his interposition.
All who will reflect for a moment as to the pre-
sent location of the political power of that State,
mast know that I venture any remark here without
book and without authority, but I will not permit
myself to doubt that the Executive of that State,
if this high and solemn responsibility shall be cast
upon him, will approve himself a statesman and
wise magistrate; that he will cheerfully open his
mmd to every fact and consideration, national or
otherwise, which should influence his conduct, that
he will prove, so far as a discharge of h s high du-
nes a e concerned, to his own conn'ry and to the
world, that hisg State h-s «ought to preserve its
own sovereignty, not to pursue vindictive pas
eion; to sustain the supremacy of its own
law, not to rush improperly or blindly upon
the vengeance of that law, to assert the integrity
of its territory, not to pursue to the death an ob-
scure individual, if wisdom and patriotism shall
demand the exercise of his prerogative of mercy.
Still the pendency of this exciting case cannot
fail to increase the desire and the interests of the
State of New York, in the diiect and prompt in 1
effic ent application to the publ c defences of all the
means which this Government cm «parr for hat
branch of expenditure I s termination may p o
¡duce consequences not now foreseen, or antici-
pated; at d, in any event, so far as I can form an
opinion, the permanent and las'ira interests of
that great commercial frontier an 1 exposed S ate
will be much more essentially promoted by the ap-
proputtion of thepioceeds of the lands to th  na-
tional defences, than by their distribution to the
States, even if the small spots upon our h r zon of
peace were to be now removed
Mr. TALLMADGE replied at large, contending
that the true mode of providing for 'he defences
was to pass this bill and let the money go to tbe
States foi internal improvements fhree millions
ipeat this way„were worth twenty millions spent in
any other.
Mr. WRIGHT said if the argument ot his col-
league was sound, the cojniry had an easy waj to
wealth If taxes imposed to the amount oí three
millions, were wcrth twen y millions, of dollars to
the country, how much would (en or fifteen mi lions
be worth?
Tne qaestion was then taken on Mr Linn's
amendment, and decided m the negative, as fol-
lows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Esnton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRo-
berts, Mouton, Pierce, Sevier, Tappan, %Valker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—18
NAiS—Messrs. Archer, Barro <r, Bate ;. Bayard,
Bemen, Buehan*n, Choate, Clay of Kentuck},
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hunting-
ton,   Ker,  Mangura,   Merrick,   Miller,   More-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
head, Phelpi, Porter,Prentiss, Rives, Smi L of In-
d'aoa, Simmoi", Southard, S urgeon, Tahmadge,
and White—28
Mi STURGEON ol Pennsylvania, after stating
that he wss mstruc'ed bv bib S ate Legislate 'o
support a distribution of the pioceeds of the public
tends on certain conditions, moved an amsndment
of the bill in compliance with the instructions.
The amendment proposed to strike out the ten per
cent, given to the new States.
Mr. WALKER resisted this amendment with
much earnes'ness, ard demonstrated that the new
Stales were entitled not only to ten, but to twenty
per cenf. from the rapid increase of their popula-
tion
Mr. BUCHANAN said he «hould vote for the
amendments proposed by his friend and col'eague,
[Mr Sturgeon,] and if they were adopted, he
should then vote for the bill in obedience to the in-
structions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania
These instructions were plam and explicit on the r
face. There could be no doubt about the import
of the language which they employed. Mr B.
then read these instructions., as follows
"Resoliedby the Senate and House of Representa/líes
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General Assem
bly met That our Senator^ in Congress be and they are here
by nstructpd in 1 oui Representatives requested to íesist any
ard all atturi| ts, undei what pietence soe\ ei (he same may be
made to deprive the people of this State of their ¡iti>t pro
portion of the common inheritance m the public lands
■uvithattbey be and are hereby further instruct? 1 am! re
quested to introduce and advócale the passage or a bill piovid
mg for the distribution of the piocefdsofthe same among the
several States m the latto of their federal repi esentahve
population undei the census of one thousand eight hun
dred and forty "
They were thus commanded to resist every at-
tempt to deprive Penis; Ivania of her just propor-
tion of the public lands And what was that just
proportion? She had stated it m olear ard expli-
cit terms, and had as<erted her claim, in tbe mest
solemn form, to such a portion of the proceeds of
these lam's l.s her Ftderal representative ponn'i
lion would bear to tt-e Federal renre en alive f>o
pulation of the whole Union, under the late census
Was this bill, then, in arcordance with these in-
structions? Most cer'amlv it was not On ths
question there could not be two opinions. Tne po-
pulation of the whok  Unten, under the census of
1840, a little exceeded seventeen millions. Tint
of Pennsylvania was 1,724,033. According to tbe
instructions, therefore, she would be entitled to re-
ceive one tenth of the proceeds of the public lands
Did the bil' give her that proportion, or any thing
like i i because he wou d not cavil abotu trifles
In the first place, it save (o eaeh of the n w Sta es
mw m existence, or which might hereafter be ad
mitted into the Union, ten p?r cent of the nelt pro-
ceeds of the saks of the pub'ic lands \  ithm it  (wn
limits, before any divi 'end c u d be made of the
remaining nme'y per cent, a"d in addit on to this
it granted fUe hundred thousand aces to each of
these S ates for purrosesof mter"al ltfiprovemen',
Tbe manner in which the^o provisions would ope-
rate, could be best illustrated b> an example LetUs
take the Sta'e of Arkansas There were «jthin
her limits 26 5(10 000 acres of pub'ic land reram
in unsold Her Federal rtpiesen'atite popula-
tion was 9? 574 or about the on<--fiRh eenfh of the
Federal representative population of Pennsylva-
mx Under this b li, instead of leciving but one
acre rf the land wiihm her territory for every
eighteen to which Pennsjlvania was entitled, she
would receive 815 000 acie^ mere thsn Pennsjt.
vania A fedenl representare popu a >on of
97 574, coisttiu ing the Sute <f Arkineas would
receive of tne lands in that S lie, 815,000 acres
more than a Federal representative population m
Pennsylvania of 1,724 033 Th s f-ct was est?
bhshel by figure-, who could not he To Ar-
kansas there was granted under the bill
One-tenth of the land, or rather nett
proceeds of it, wahin her limit?,
equal to     -                                        2,650,000
Donation of  ....      500 000
3 150 000
Pennsylvania will receive as follows.
Whole number of acres   remaining
in.....h     ir      in «inmnnsunri.  i               ......■......,..^.
unsold m Arkansas             -          - 26 500,000
Fr( m which deduct the before men'ion-
ed donation to Arkansas    -           -   3,150 000
23 3.0 000
Pennsylvania would receive under the bill ose-
tenth of the remainder—or 9,335,000 acris -, and
this would b° 835,000 actes le«s than the grat t to
Arkansas. He admitted that this was the strongest
case of inequality which could, at present, be pre
sented under 'he bul, but in all the new States this
inequality existed in a g'eater or less degree, as
their populat on was moie or less numero  s H
every ne>v Stae wh ch might hereait«r be •  1
m tted m'o tbe Union, this intquainy would be
even grea er than in the case ot Arknasa* He
stated these facts merely for the purpose of show-
ing that to vote for th's bill in its present form
wt uM be an express violation of his ins'ructions,
which required h'm to support a bill providing ¡or
th  dis> r button of the proceeds of the«e !?nds
amorg the several States, not accordirg to the rule
which > is own discretion might diclai", but " m
the ratio of their Federal representative population
under the census oj ove thousand eight hundred and
f rty " Should the bi 1 be *o amended as to con-
form to this instruction, it should receive his vote,
but not otherwise
Instructed as le was, and unable to expre-s has
own opinions without viola ii g thf-se instructions,
he h^d piiifo-ely foiVrne from enter ng ' 'o the
general di<.cussi(n He wuuld, however, submit
an )ther remark vhioh might explain his future
votes The Legislature h?d h s'rocted h'm to resist
all attempts to deprive the people of Pennsj iv* r 11
of the r ju t orooortion of th  public lands With-
out atry mstrt ion, he sho M ha/e acted in t> s
manner and he mu^t say that, if the bi 1 now be-
fore the committee were unequal and unjust, the
amendment wh.ch the Senator from South Caroli-
na [Mr Cílhoun] had given no'ice 'hat be wou'd
offer, to cede the public land^ to the new S Pte° < n
certain condition", was s ill mo'e «neqaal a~>d un-
just towards the old S'ate , and, with or -v thout
instruct ons, it shou'd meet bi> decided n<-g¿t ve
Had he been at liberty to actucon his own judg-
ment, he shou'd have most cheerful y voted for he
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, [M¡.
Linn,] pledg ng the proceeds of these bp's, a
sacred fund for national defence Tberf -m¡, a
peculiar propriety in devoting these lands v h ch
had been purchased by the valor and b,ood of our
ancestors to the maia'enance of tbe nati )r=il saf ly
¿iid national giory cf the r d =cer Jants Wi n ibis
moieyjoj m ght increase your na y, compl c
your foi tífica lions and prepa>e fir war, ard jou
wou'd t! u dis'libuie 1 s benefits more equa ly and
justly among the reople, iban ycu could do in a y
ofier man'ier. He was sorry, therefore, that 11-,
lQairuciions had compelled a-m to vo e against this
amendment.
Mr. WALKER again addressed the Sena'e in
opp mon to the amendment, and tvs follow-
ed by
Mi SEVIER, who delivcied bis views a' con-
siderable length m opposition to ihe distribuí on -c-
1 c, in g neral, and the intendment in par^cut^-,
Mr CLAY entreated ^e Se ators from t-Yr-n.-
sylv ti'a, to recomí ler thf deci i^n, and ■- e it ney
wojld, in reality, comp y with the mten* nas ,£
their Legislature m ruling agam't th° bi J. D d
that Legula ure contemplate <o injp-"c¡icab¡p a
bill, as tb* e «uaetdmento t ould render it, w.i<*a
they kquired th„m to support a dis nbu ion bill?
He moreover called on them to recors tier their d .
cisión, as be was a'raid the bil would be kst vith-
out their votes, wneieas, w.th them, a m ght be
passed
Mr BUCHANAN said he had turned to his
friend from Missouri [Mr. Linn] jast before the
Senator iiom Kentuck) had r sen, and expressed
hisastonshmentthathepvi , Clay] should lose
perm tted any ]>gis]atiy/> nstruc  ons to be pre-
sented to the bo ly, wh ch he might suppose to be 
disagreeable to the Senators instructed, wi hout in-
terposing his opinio" aid ad ice He behevad
that the Senator had never suffered such an occa-
sion to passi without interfering in this manner be-
