CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
335
the same to the consideration of the committee, whenevei it
might be m older to do so
Mr W went into a close and critical examination of the
provisionsof the bill, pointing out the numerous ertois they
contained, and then aigunig that the measure, asa whole,would   !
be found to woik, instead of beneficially foi   bankiupts, most  I
injuriously not only ro them, but to the public geneially    He   .
insisted that creditors would be m a much woise situation un
derthisbill than theyareunderthepresentinsotvent laws    He   I
complained, too, that the c trBoiationo, particularly of a money    |
ed charactei, had not been included m the bill, and concluded
his remarks by intimating that at the propel time he would offei
an amendment to it, caiiying out his view 
Mi SOLLERS replied He said that the constituents whom
he hadthehonoi to lepresentonthat flooi lelt a most deep in
terest in this bill, and, although he had not been instructed by
them asto the com e he should pursue in tefeience to It, still
he could not but feel, as every humane person would do, when
appealed tjmthe hope that he would lend his aid m the cause-
of suffering hum unty What was the lact* Why that tittle
existed no actol unlloun h inkiiiptcy m the countiy, in 1 that
it stood in great want of such an act Hence, a great numbei
ot petitions had been sent hcie fiom all putsut the United
States, asking loi tht passigo of abankiupt Ixw to remedy
the evil He would loiiow the etami leof his colleague, TMi
Williams] and go into an examination oí the details of the
bill
Mr S contmui 1 biMemaiks Willi inurh earnestness m leply
to his colleague, [Mi Williams J Strange things occurred in
this world, and one 01 those strange things was Uiat Ins col
league stood on that flooi toulknotol the uulounuate debtor,
but of the unfoilulate cieduoi, and he also spoke of whit he
designated as the fascinating title of the bill 11 he lecollected
rightly,theie wasanoihei bill, tlsowheie, which hada fascmat
ing title He meanla bill lnuohleed by his colleagueinto tin
Leglslatuie of Maiyland,some yeais ago, the fascinating title
of which was 'A bill abolishing linpnsonment foi detain the
¡state ol Maiyland" Now, he [Mi Solixrs] would like to
know in whose defence he sfood up theie Was it not foi the
debtoi, and not the creditor! Certainly it was lie then siood
up in defence of the unfoitúnate debtoi, but now the genileman
had shown himself the champion of the ci editor ' Now, did his
colleague suppose that, m following out this course of reason
ing he could show his consistency( He would contend that he
could not do it
Aftersome fuitliei íemaiks Uom Mi S
Mr WILLIAMS rejoined by saying that, m oidei to show
that he was sinceie when he said that I e wouldoflel an amend
mental the propel time, he would now tell his colleague [Mr
SoLLERfe] that, when in ordei, he would move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insei t the following
'' That every peison seeking the benefit oí Ihis 1 iw, who shall
make application therefor to the district couit of the United
States, loi the fttate oi HistriCv m winch such person shall have
resided when he last obtained or shal obtain under the laws of
a State oi Ten uory of the United Slates, a persona'release as
an insolvent debtor, shall be deemed bankiupt, and lie may, on
the hearing of saidapplicatio t, be so declaied, and oe iree]y
and fully discharged from all Ins debts, contracts, and engage
ments that existed at the time ot his obtaining such peisonal
lelease Provided, That it shall appear, to the satisfaction of
said couit, that he shall have given notice foi at least thiee
months nexl before the time of making such application, of his
intention to api ly for the benefit of this law, which notice shall
be published in two newspapers that publish ihe laws ol the
United States,punted at oi ucaiest to the city ot town wheie
" the said couit may he held, and, also, that he shall have ixhi
bited on file, in said court, lot the same length of time previous
to said hearing, an official ceitilieateofhis final discharge as an
insolvent debtnt tinder the 1,-Ws of the tolate 01 leiutoiy m
which he resided, oi shall íeside, at the time o'su h di chaige,
togethei withdulyaeitifiedcopiesoi the inventory or schedule
of his assets, and of his debts and habilites, to which suca dis
charge íefeis, ot may hate i elation, and an official copy of the
bond of the trustee or assignee ol said insolvent debtoi
' And be it fui thtr enacted. That if thei e ohall have been
filed msaid ( ouil, foi the space of thirty days next belore the
time ot the healing ol said application for the benefit of this
law, any allegations, made unuei oath or solemn ami mation ol
a el editor or creditors chaiging said ipplicaut, notwithstanding
the puma facie evidence exl íbit" t m his behalf as aforesaid,
with having commuted fiaud oi a wilful eoncea'ment ol pro
perty,orauy undue piefeience of cieditois, ihe said u'k^ations
shall be/lis/lie nd, a id be detenu med el her by the sal 1 court
summarily, oi by ajuiy, wluchthe said couit shall cause to be
summoned tor tnat purpose at the option of thebankiupi, and
if it s tall appeal, to the satislaction ot s-ii 1 court, oi ol said] m y,
as the i ase nay be, that the said bankiupt has been guilty ot
fiaud, wilml concealment of his property, orany unlawful pie
leience, to the mjuiy of his cieduois, he shall bedepnvedof
all benefit ot this act, but, ll no allegations shall havebeen fikd
as afoiesaid, oi ll the deleimination of said court oi jury shall
be ift tavoi ot said bankrupt, then it shall be the duty ol the said
court to decieeafiee and full discharge e 1 all his dehfs, eon
tracts, and enga;emeots, up to the time ol his personal lelease
as aforesaid, oi dlschaige as an insolvent debtoi, and a cei tifi
cate thereot shall be gtanted by and couit, which certificate
shall or may at all nines be pleaded as a complete bal to all
suits bioaght, oi to bobiought, against said bankiupt, on ac
count ot said debts, contiacts, or eng igeinenis, in any couit
whatever "
Theamendment having been lead—
Mr W said that he would put it to the petitionee foi a bank-
rupt law whethei they would m t much i athei have his amend
ment than this bill
Mr HOLMES obtained the llooi, but yielded to
Par UNDER.WOOD, on whose motion the committee rose
and íepoited progress
CENSUS BILL
On motion ol Mi   UNDCRWOOD, the Committee of the
Whole on the   state of  the Union was   discharged fiom   he
further consideration of the Senate bill m relation  to the
Census
And the bill beingbefore the House-
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS ot Maryland it was amended
by providing for the binding of the Compendium
Mi. RA.ND\LL of Maiyland moved that the bill be further
amended by pi ovldmg for the pilntinsol 20,000 copies of the
Compendium instead of 10 000
Mr R  stated that there had been already appiopnated up
wards of #700,000 for the expenses of taking, &c this census,
ihat by this bill 10,000 copies of the census at laire, and 10,000
copier of the Compendium, were directed to be printed 'J he
object of his motion was to mciease the copies of the Compen
dium to 20,000
This Compendium had been piepared in the office of the Se
cielaty of State, m folio form, and contained, arranged by coun
ties anil cities, all the statistics of the census at large
The increase in the popu'ation and intelligence of the coun
try, the numbei of universities, schools public libraries, Ax
lequued that this numbei should be printed, in order to secure
the proper cnculation of this valuable document at present,
and toietam a sufficient number foi future cnculation
This was no ordinary document In addition to the most
detailed descuptions ol the population, it contained, among
othei things, much valuable infoi mation touching the various
products, <fec of the countiy It was not like many of the do
cuments published in numbeis quite as great by this House,
meiely foi a temporary use This would be impoitant through
out ail time, as tht only coitect sou ce horn which the stalls
tusofihe countiy could be obtained It was due also to our
countiy that many copies of this census should be sent abload
to loieign countues,i i oidei to extent coneet mfoimation on
these important subjects
AsthlB immense expense had ahealy been mcu'ied, it was
suiely worth the additionil amount lequued, t ibout §7,000,) m
ordei lo have the number of copies of this valuable document in
ciessed one half
He legtetted that the committee should have declined to ac
cept his amendment when the bill was before them, but duty
compelled him to luge it igam upon the House
1 he imendmcut was adopted
Mi RaNDa! Lalso moved to amend the bill by inserting a
new steuoit jaovi ling loi the letakuig of the ctnsus in Montgo
mi ry county, Mnyland
Mi R made some evpliitaioiy icinaiksin iclation to this
amendment
The unen iment was pioposed I y Mr   ROOSEVELT    The
punting ol   the census, he  said, would be delayed  lor five
months    He demanded the previousquestion
And there was a second
And the main question was ordtiedto be taken
On the   suggestion of Mi lvLNNLDY/ ot  Maiyland,  Mi
RANDALL so modified In   amendment as to piovide that ihe
|n luting ol the census should not lie delayed   by Ihe opeiation
of the amendment, but that the additional statements should be
printed scjiaiately
The mam quesiiui (bemsr first on the amendment) was then
taken, md decided m the affirmative—ayes? 1, noes 48
So the amendment was agieed to
And the question lecturing on engiossing tie amendments
anil oidenng Ihe bill to i thud ic ihng
Mi CHAI'MAN asked the yeas anil nays, which weie oi
dered
Iiut pending this question, the House adjourned until Mon
day moining at ten o'clock
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 14, 1841
Mr ALLEN moved to lake up the House bill
repotted yesieinUy Iroin the Committee on Public
( amis   relative   t>   the   Vtiginia   military   land
claims
Mr CaLHOU^ t uscrvi rl thtt mere was not a
quoiurn present, and it would not be proper lo pro-
ceed without pot
The Sejatc remained without a quorum until
Mr DmiN entere ¡, and made '>-e number of Sena-
tors, present twen y-six, when ihe Chair announced
Ihat there was a quoturi..
Mr. K'NG ¡jevgeote 1 to his lucid from Otno,
that, as there was a very th n att-ndance ot Sena-
toii, an i obviously a minority on the other side, it
theie wai any thing oí a di«pu'ed nature in the bill,
it would be but courier us to lay it ovei til! Mon-
day.
No obj'tXon being viali Irom ihe friends of tht;
Administration, the bi i was f>nen up; and Mr
ALLEN explain' d that its object wa< not to m-
ciease the number of outstanding land warrants,
but to ex'end the time loi locating those alreauy
existing.
Mr. PRENTISS suggested a slight veibal amend-
ment, \vh ch was expíamed by Mr. SMITH oí In
diana to b- a mere m'spnnl, and then the bill was
read a third time, anil pass-d.
Mr. Linn's resolution relative lo the Oregon tei-
retory was ihe next Unrig in order, but, at his re-
quest, ni consiquence oí the thin attendance of
Seuatus, the resolution was passed over infor-
mally.
Mr, LINN submitted a resolution of mquny re-
latn e to the post routes m Missouri, and calling
lor infi rmation why several of these routes have
been discontinued.
No objection being made, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
The joint resol't'ion from the House, regardm?
the dt mbution of the printed returns of the census
of 1840, was read a third time, and parsed.
The resolution offered  by Mr. Hendehson of
Mississippi yesterday, was adop'ed.
The resolution heretofore submitted by Mr. Clay
of Alabama was next in order, calling on the Se-
cretary of the Treasury to report without delay
wby the resolution adopted last session, calling for
information relative lo military land scrip had
not been report '<4 upon to the Senate at this ses-
sion.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he was net
before aware ¡hat any such resolution of last session
remained unanswered. Scrip had been issued to
the amount probably of a million of dollars. It
was all, of course, assignable, and to give a list
of all the transfers would be a work of labor, which
H «ould not be well to impose on the Depart-
ment, unless there was some good cause shown
tor making the call If any cause could be shown,
he would waive his objection; but he would re-
quire «-orne modification of the language. He did
not see why the imputations of blamable delay
should be m the resolution.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama observed that the re-
mití I- of the Senator would have been more in
place if made at the last session. If he had then
obj cted to the resolution on the score of the labor
it wt uid throw on the Department, it would have
been all very well. But he had made no such ob-
jecnon 'hen, and the resolution was adopted. He
(Mi Clay of Alabama) had waited patiently for
the last two months m expectation that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury would report to the Senate in
compliance with the lesolution; but he had waited
in vain. The call, now ihat the session was draw-
ing to a close, was evidently neeessaiy. There is
nothing extraoidmary m i'; there weie many pre-
cedents lie quoted the ease of the call made
upon the foimei Peslmastei General by the Sena-
toi from New Yoik, [Mr. Tallmadqe ] The in-
formation now sought for wa. of gt eat importance.
There had be" i, within the last iew years, three
successive is^ueo of scrip, to the amount oí about
halt a million each, and ihere was a peculiar pro-
priety in the inquiry, what had become of it? It
seemed as if there was to be no end to the demands
foi such scrip, as fast as the old claims were ex-
tinguished, fresh claims sprung up: it was abso-
lutely necessary to know on what grounds, and to
what amount The object of the resolution was
avowedly to know what became of all the scrip
issued, Is it no' leasonable to make the mqutr)?
Is i not rea onabie that it should be answered
prompt!)? The simple question now raised is,
whether ihe Senate has a right, which the Senator
Irom K'i turfes seems to doubt, to call upon one
of the heads o< Departments to know why he does
not comply with a resolution calling for informa
non at Ins hands. If this is too Herculean a labor
for the Secretary of the Treasury, let him say so:
let him give an answer of some kind.
Mr. BERRIEN did not see any impropriety ex-
cept thai on >hc faie of the resolution imputing de-
lay. He conceived it was in ihe mmd of the fra-
iler ol ihe rt solution lo call for the information at
Ihe luxt regular se sion—not at an extra session
not known at the time ct writing it.
Mr. CLAV of Alabama was surprised at the
ícixiar'-s of the Senator, lie goes into the scruti-
ny oí intentions which it was t0 be supposed none
but the writer could know any thing about. He
couid iell the Senator that the wnler of that reso-
lution was one who seldom used language which
left any douot ot what he did mean What else
could he mean by "the next session," but Ihis call-
ed session, lor, was it not very well known, from
the announcement ot the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mi. Clay,] very early m the last session, after-
wards followed up by the declaration of the then
Pies dent elect, that there would be a called ses-
sion'' Was not this, in powt of fact, the first ses-
sion of the twenty-seventh Congress, and the "next"
afier 'he session which terminated on the 4th of
Mai ch, and was there not sufficient time between
the two sessions for the Secretary oí the Treasury
to make the inquiry and the report' If the Secre-
tary of the Treasury wants time till next session,
let it be shown.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky contended  that there
was nothing but an expression of opinion as to a
called session before ihe adjournment in March.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama contended that the an-
