i ONfwRESSíOX 41, &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
WEEKLY
------------------------------------------------------------------                                                            ,   1   ..............J
50"CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.

TUESDAY, AUGT'ST 24, 1841.
Volume 10>--No. 22.


Continu d from No 21.
for them. He detailed bnefiy the circumstances
which conduced to the importanc  oí this territory
and held that settlers there should be prot'-tttd
He would not thurst the condition of things en our
Northwestern frontier so obtrusively into the pre-
sent condition of negotiations between the two Go
vernments. For th-purpose of full deliberaron,
he would suggest thai the matter b° referred to the
Committee on Foreign Editions, that they make
a report on it.
Mr. LINN made some fur her remarks He did
not wish to see action on any cause of collision be-
tween the two countries suspended, because every
moment it was suspended, the claims of our adver-
sary grew stronger He looked at this matter of
difference with a degree of almost certainty that a
war would take place; and he wished to see our
country m a state of defence.
Mr. BENTON expressed his intention of offer
ing some remarks on this subject, and it was laid
over
The resolution of Mr Sevier istructing the
Postmaster General to lay before the Senate infor-
mation with regard to the changes, it any, made by
him in the transportation of the public mails in the
States and Territories was adopted
The Senate then proceeded, as in committee of
the whole, to the further consideration ot the land
distribution bill.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to strike out the
provision that no person shall receive the benefits
of the pre-emption who has abandoned or quit his
own residence on the public hnds After some
conversation on ibis, it was passed infnrm-illy
Mr. CLAY of Al .bama moved to ins rt, at ¡he
12 h line, first section, a provision that nodistnbu
lion shall take place when there is not in the Trea-
sury a surplus, equivalent to the amount of the nett
proceeds of the public land-, afrer meeting all de-
mands against the Treasury, and leaving, more-
over, in the Treasury a reserve fund of two mil-
lions for contwgenc es.
His object in offering this amendment was to
guard against taxirg the people from time to time
for distribution, and that distribution should take
place only whrn there was a ■surplus in he Trea-
sury equal to thr land fund, and a íeserve fund of
two millions besides
Mr SMITH of Indiana said the amendment
was directly opposed to ih bill, it rtpudiit^d l! e
whole principles of the measure, it was a quesiion
of "bill or no bill " So long as they looked to \he
land fund as a portion of the ordmaiy sources of
revenue, there ncv^r would be a surplus collec ed
from other sources He considered if this amend-
ment prevailed, distribution would be at an end,
and he hop^d it would be voted-cn in that manner.
Mr. CL4Y of A'abama briefly fuither exphmed
his amendment, and repudiated th« idea of dis n
bution, when it was to be sustained by taxation of
the people.
Mr BENTON held the b.ll to be the most un-
constitutional that was e*er presented to the Se-
nate; in that respecf it was entirely unprecedented
He did not now oppos  it as a di->tnoutioi of ihe
proceeds of the punlic land , but a, an insidious
attempt to seize on the ciisiom house revenue. He
contended that the b ll was mimfes'ly unequal in
its operations, casting gr at and dispri portunate
burdens en the export'ng S *te . He -poke at
1'nath agamst the bill, and gave no ice that he
should offer amendment on iien'ment till the
principles of the bill were fair 1 y understood
The mes age of ihe  Pie loent of the United
States returning the F^eal Bank   b 11   with objec-
tion', was here reeved, and  'he land b 11 was
passed over informally.
The messigp was re d, as follow*.
MESSAGE  OF THE PRESIDENT,
Selunwig, with his objection!, the bill ty incorporate
the Fiscal Bank of the United States,
fo the Senate of the United Slates .
The bill entitled "An act to incorporate the sub-
scribers to the Fiscal Bankot the United States,"
which originated m the Semie, has been consi-
dered by me, «vit\ a sincere desire to conform my
action m regard to it, to that of the two Houses of
Congress. By the Constitution it rs made my du-
ty, either to approve the b,ll by signing it, or to re-
tura it with my objections to the House m which
it originated. I cannot conscientiously give it my
approval, and I preceed to discharge the duty re-
quired of me by the Constitution—lo give my rea-
sons for disaoprov ng
The power of Congr-ss to ceate a National
Bank to operate -per ie over the Union, has been a
question of dispute from ihe origin of our Govern-
ment. Men must justly and deservedly esteemed
for their high intellectual endowments, their virtue,
and their patriotism, have, in regard to it, enter-
tained different and conflicting opinions. Con
gresses have differed. The approval of one Presi-
dent has been followed by the disapproval of ano-
ther The people at different times have acquiesced
in decisions both for and against The county has
b en, and still is, deeply agitated by thi« unsettled
question. Ii will suffice (or me to say that my own
opinion has been uniformly proclaimed to be against
the exercise ot any such pewer by this Government
On til suitable eccas ons, during a period of twenty-
five years, the opinions thus entertained have been
unreservedly expressed. I declared it m the Le-
gislature of my native S'ate In the House of
Representatives of tie United Slates it has been
openly vindiea'ed by me. In the Senate chamber,
in the pre<ence and hearing of many who are at
this time numbers of that to Iv, it his bepn ?(firm-
ed and reaftrmtd, in sp°fcbes and lep rts there
made, and by venes ihi-rc recor ted In popu ar
assemblies I have unhcsita ingly announced it, an!
tne last public declaration which I mar^e, and that
but a short time be'ore tne late Presidential e!ec-
tun, I referred to my previously expressed opi-
nions as being tnose men en eriamed by me; with
a full knowledge of the opinions thus enterta ned,
and never conce .led, Í was elected by the people
Vi"e Pr «idem ot the Unued States. By the oc-
currence of a contingency provided for by the Con-
stitution, and arising under an ímprfssivf dispensp-
t'on of Prov dence, tsjee^ded to n  Presidential
office. Befurc entenng upon thr dutins of that
offic*, I took an oath that I would "pr <ervc, pro-
tect, aod defend the C institution of the United
States." En ertainmg ths opinions • lluded to, and
having tiken this oat), the Senate and the country
will see that I could not give my sanction to a
measure of the character described, without sur-
rendering a'l claim to the respect of honorable
men—all confidence on ihe part of the people—
all self resppet—all regard for moral and religious
obligations, w thout an observance of which no
Government can be prosperous, and no people e^n
be happy. It would be to commit a crime which
I wouid not wiltully commit to gam any ea'thly
reward, and which would ju tly subject me to the
rid cuie and scorn of ad v nuouo men.
I deem it ent rely iinn pessary at this time to en-
ter upon the reasons vnicn have bn ught by rnnd
to the covietions I fte! and enterta n on this -jb
ject They have b"en over and ovr again le-
pcated. If some oí thnsp v ho have preceded me
n this h'gh office have enttriaintd and avowed
diffei^nt omaions, I yield all co"fdeiee that their
conv etions wrc sincere. 1 ciaim only *o have
the sajie meisure meted out to myself Without
going further in o ihe argument, I v ¡<\ sa  ihit, in
liokmg to the powet-s of this Governor rt to col-
lect, safely keep, and dislate lb- pi bl c r< verue,
and mcid f 'i, t0 regula *. ib> eom-nerce aid ex-
changes, I have not D8Pn able to satisfy my>e f hat
the establishment by mis G vernment ot a bank
of discoun , in the ordi üry accep ati n of that
term, was a necessary means, or one demanded bv
propriety, 10 execute ibos  powers. What can the
toe J discount, of ihe bark have to do with ihe col-
lecting, safe-keeping, and disbursing of the re-
[ venue?   So far as the mere discounting of paper is
concerned, it is quite immaterial to this question.
whether the discount be obtained at a State bank
or a United States Bank. Th-y are both equally
local—both beginning and both ending in a ¡oeal
aceomnodation What influence have local dis-
counts, granted by any form of bank, in iha regu-
lating of the currency and the exchanges? Let the
history of the lat" United S ates Bank aid us in -an-
swerng th's inquiry.
For several years after the establishment pf that
institution, it dealt almost exclusively in local dis-
counts, and during that period the country was, for
Ihe most part, disappointed in the consequences
anticipated from its incorporation. A uniform curt
rency was not provided, exchanges were not regu-
lated, and little or nothing was added to the general
circulation; and in 1820 its embarrassments had
become so great, thit the diree'ors petitioned Con-
gress to repeal that article of the charter which
made its notes receivable everywhere inpayment
of the public dues. It had, up to that period, dealt
to but a very small extent m exchanges, either
foreig  or domestic, ard as lats as 1823 its opera-
tions in that line amounted to a little more than
seven millions of dollars per annum. A very ra-
pid augmentation soon a ter occurred, and in 1833
its dealings in exchanges anfounted to upwards of
one hundred millions of dollars, tnfltlding the sales
of it* own drafs, and all these immense transac-
tioni were effected without the_ employment of ex-
traord nary m ans The currency of the country
beca ne sound, and the negotiations in the ex-
changes were cai ned on at the lowest possible rates.
The ci culatiun was i cr ased to more than |22,-
000 000, aud the notes of the Bank were regarded
as equal to specie all over the country; thus shew-
ing, almost conclusively, that it was the capacity
to deal m exchanges, asn not in lncal discounts,
which furmshtd these facilities and advantages.
It may be remarked, to->, lhat, notwithstanding the
immense trarsaciions cf the Bar.k in the purchase
of exchange, ihe los es sustained were merely no-
minal, while m the line of disccuntr the suspended
debt was enormous, and proved most disastrous
to the Bark and ihe country. Its power of local
di count ha?, in fact, prove! to be a fruitful source
of fa/ontism and c irrup ion, alike destructive to
toe pub'ic morals and to the general weal
The capital invested in banks of discount m the
United S ates, Cieated by the States, at this time,
exceeds $350,000,000, and if the discounting of local
piper could have produced any beneficial effects,
the United Statts ought to poss«sthe soundestenr-
rency m the world, but the reverse is lamentably
the fact.
Is the measure now under consideration of the
ubj-ctionable character to which I have alluded? It
is clearly so, unless by the 16h fundamental ar-
u le of the 11th section it is madeotheruise. That
article is in the foi owing words
"The directors of ihe said cotporation shall esta-
blish one competent office of discount and deposite
in any State in which two thousand shares shall
hav been subscribed, or may b- held, whenever,
upo appl.catir n of the L-gislamre of such S a!e,
Congie s may, by law, require the same. And
the said d reet rs m iy also establish one or more
compele nl ffiees of discount and deposite in any
f i mto-y or Di ir ct of the United States, and m
any Suit?, with the assent of soch State, and when
es¡ dished, the said offko or offices shall be only
withdrawn or removed by the said directors prior
'0 t ,e czp rrt on of li-is charter, with the previous
?s ent of Cunes . Provided, In respect to any
Siate «hell shall not, at the first session of the
Ligsiaure thereof held after the passage of this
ac by resolution, or other Bsual legislative pro-
csedirg, urcon monal y a mentor dissent to the es-
tibl shoiert ci such office or ofh-es wilhm it, such
ass nt of the sa>d State shall be thereafter pre-
su ned Jlnd provided, nevertheless, That whenever
it shall become nece&sary and proper for carrying
into execution any of the powers granted by the
Constitution to establish an office or offices"  any
