CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           339
manifestation of approbation in the gallery, of
whicb no notice was taken. He believed on the
present occasion theie was approbation as well as
bifses; but both were instantly suppressed. He had
dis'irjct'y beard both. No doubt it was the
promptnes. w,:h which his colleague had got up to
check iba di-turbance, ishich had prevented it
from going further. He had no doubt some law
ou£,ht to be passed making it punishable to com-
mit any outiageof this kind on either Houss of
Congress.
Mr. MERRICK thought with the Senator from
Pennsylvania thñt thn was a very solemn occa-
sion. There had been tokens of assent and dissent.
The President of the Senate at 'he moment rapped
very hard till order was restored. The disorder
was bat momentary. He trusted some allowance
would be made for the excitement to natural on
the occasion.
Mr. KING suggested the difficulty that might
arise out of pm-iung the matter further. He had
witessed something of the kind once before, and
when the offender was brought tu ¡he bar, gieat
embarraesment w&i created by not knowing how
to get rid of hita. He thought it would be better
to pass over the mautr and proc;cd to thec-nñ-
deration of the message, or to the appoint.;,cut of a
time for its consideration.
Trie CHAIR txphintd th-ti having heaid some
noise, without, considers ig whether it wis approba-
tion or disapprobation, be had call :d the Senaie. to
order; but could not ;?} that he had of had not
heard his'es.
Mr. R1VE3 cxpk.iaal that he did n->t mean to
say tie Senator i rom tvlis^ouri did not hear the
hisses, but that he In.riseii did not hear ¡hem, and he
believed many s;eat,e;r.ea around him did net hear
any. But as the S.-n ip r fiorn Mi.-soori had avow-
edly come prepared .0 her them, no do-iht h • did,
moresensilivtly U.::i! tt e.'s. He wo-ald s, k the
Senator to be . it: -fi. d \."iiii the cubh which l-e
mother of moristeis had gut, and not to bt&r too
hard on the solitary ban1; rufiU.i, to us" h.s own
expression, who ha: dev.pprovd of me M'.nsiec'a
fate. He hoped the Senator wouid withdravs" the
miiion.
Mr. LINN obseded that the Senator from Vir-
ginia, by his own remarks, iimbnng that there
v ere any hisses, had fore, d the Senator from Mis-
souri to persist i ■ havmg the proot. However, he
now understood that pont was settled; ai.d ihe ob-
ject being iiccomplishM, lie tv ped Lis colleague
would withdraw his i*¡ ilion.
Mr. P8E3TON again expres.-ed his concurrent-"
in the propriety of ihe ¡net: n, and hoped pf.¿.'.i.¡Kl
steps woti'd be taken to p ev_nt tue recarrd.ee o,
such a scene.
Mr. ALLSN made soran appropria e remark0,
and conclude'! by íi.i.ng ifcat he understood the
offender was in <e.s oly, and rxprewd his forro ■'
for having; done whit li" wa* no at tne tir..e a «vare
was an offence; as, therefore, all ¡be ends hail been
accomplished wuf in; friend had in view when.
he refused to witudiaw his imtion, he hoped he
would now « it! drdW 11.
Mr. WALKED said,when the S-n tor from ll's-
souri [Mr. Bí.ntcio] plerhed ivm-ea  l.-jt to with-
d'awhts motion to ane^ ihe individual who had
insulted the Senr.te and the co"-nt'y by hiss-ng ihe
message of the Preiide.it 0! the United States, that
pledge arose from  the doubt expressed by the Se-
nator  from Virginia,   [*r. Rives]  whether the
hissing had  taken  place.   Tba'. doubt was now
solved.    When tne Si.-a or f; oro Missouri appeal-
ed to his friendá a • to  tü; ir :lh < f 'he fact stated
by him, he (Mr   Walker) had tl en,  ?.nd piintcd
to that portion of t'--; gallery from -.nich Uie hissirg
proceeded.    Oar Assis ant Sergoant-at Arms had
proceeded to that quarter of  ihe galWy  desígna-
le 1 by him, (Mr.  W ) r.ud f-..s officer had now in
his pos-es-ion one of the effend-r,--,  way acknow-
ledged his indecent conduct, and who was pre-
pared to po nt out many cfthoie who h.tdjon ued
him.   The obj c of the Senat r w.<s, ¡herefore,
now accomplice';  the fact of the ind conim wa->
established,    am   the    offender,   a>   moved   by
the Senator from Mirf.ou.i, was new in custody,
This      Mr.     W.     hoped,     would     be    suffi-
cient'    punishment,    especially     as     Mr.   W.
understood the offender expressed his peni-
tence for the act, as one of sudden impulse.
As, then, the formal trial of this individual would
occupy much time, Mr. W. hoped the matter
would be dropped here, and let us proceed, as
required by the Constitution, to consider ihe mes-
sage of ths PtesWent returning the Bank Mil, with
hie objections. This message, Mr. W. said, he re-
garded as the most important whieh ever emanated
from an American President, and under circumstan-
ces the most solemn and imposing. The President,
in perfect and glorious consistency with a long life
of usefulness and honor, has placed his veto upon
the charier of a Na'ional Bank, and, Mr. W. said,
his heart wa-s too full of gratitude to the Giver of all
good for this salvation of the country, and rescue
of the Constitution, to engage in the business of in-
flicting punishment uion an individual, stud to be
respectable, and who had id part atoned for his of-
fence by the expression of his reptntenee. Let
him go, then, and sin no more, and let u-¡ proceed
to 'h~ consideration of that Veto Mess.ige, which
he, Mr. W. had confidently predicted at the very
commence r.ent of this session, and recorded that
op nion at its date in the journals of the day.
Many then doubted the correctness of this predic-
tion, but he, Mr. W. whilst he stated at the time
that he was not authorized to -pf-ak for the Presi-
dent cf the United States, bf..sed his conviction up-
on his kno'-viedge of Mr. Tyler, as a irían ?n 1 a
Senator, and upon hi'- Inns and cor'-istent opposi-
tion to the creation of anv such Bink as w¿5 now
proposed to be established.
Mr. BR'SiTOoT said he hid bcen informed by one
of the officers ( f the Sena'e   [Mr. Bsaw] that one
of Ihe perfon  who made the disorder in  the gal-
lery had been seized by him, and was now in custo-
dy, and in 'he room of the Sergeant at-Arms.  Thii
tne officers ha'1  very proierlv don" of their own
motion, and without wario:.' to* Ihe S-na'e's order.
They had der e t:>e:r duty, and his motion had ii'.us
been executed. His motion was to feize the disor-
derly, ind brins them to the bar of the Sen?te. One
h .d been seized; he was in custody in an adjo'ning
room; and if he was still ac.tina contemptuously to
the Sena'e, he should  move to brine: him to the
bar; but that was not the case     He was penitent
and contnte.    He exposed hi? r.rrow  for what
he had  done,  and said be rad ac'ed without ill
design, and fn m  no feelings of contempt to the
President or Senate.     Under these circumstances,
all was accomplished  that   his motion intended.
The man ii in  en-tody  and repentant.    This is
sufficient.    Let him be discharged, and th^re is an
end of the affair.      His mo'ioa  now   was that the
Preside •< direct  h.m   to   be di'chsrged.    Mr.   B.
s.iid he  bad ac(e<1  'rem.   rpflectinn. and  not from
impulse,  in  tí.is  whole affV.ir.     H" expected ths
Prc«iden¡ to h^ insa'tcd: it vías inc,'d*-n' to the le-
gislation on National Bank chai ters.    When they
wi re on the carpet, ¡he Senate, the President, and
thi  American  people   must all  be insulted if the
Bank m' rmi'ons are disappointed.     He told his
faraih- bef'ie h .■ left home, thai .he Senate and th=
President wnul! be ir.sult d In hissis in he -iallery
tl.ii Hay, and íH¡ hv wo ltd no' ht it rías?—th 't if
won Id he tin ípmiI', not meri ¡v I   the President and
Srna'e.bu1 to fee whole Am- r'cau peopie.and to tL-r
f.'tm of Oovrni-n" nt—and th.it it should not pr^s
He came h.'re 1 elennintd to nip tb'S business in
¡he bud—aid to pre e;;t an insult to the Presiden'
in this chamber'rom being made a precedent for
it elsewhere.    VW aU know ihe iu.olence  of the
National Bankpirty—" e Uno'v the.  insolence of
'heir Eiryrrriidoris—we knew lutt President Tyler,
-1 ho has íixried this veto  mets.ige,  is subject  to
their insu'ts—-1 eginnmg here, and  following him
where'-er he gr-e-i.    He (Mr. B) was determined
to protect'"in here,  and, in doma so, 10 -<;-t the
example   which   would   be   el-ewhere   fol'owed.
He repeated: a 1 it.su't to the  Pres'dent   for   an
official act, w.-s not an in^u't to  the   ¡nsn,   but
to the wh'de Ameri-an people, and ¡0 their form of
Governmeut.    Wuuli thes- S?nk rnvrmtdo'is in-
sult a king, snr-oneded bv his gualda   N- t a1 all.
Then they should not m.nlt an American Pri'fi Imt
wi'h impneity whereior he   was pre :rt.    In 'he
Sena e or out of it, he would defend the President
íííltt pcwoiwl oatragc  and indigaity.    As to the
numerous and respectable auditory now present,
his molioi did no: reach them. He had not rnovsd
to clear the galleries; for that would send out the
respectable audience, who had conducted them-
selves with propriety. The rule of order was "to
clear ihe gallmts;" but he had purposely avoided^
that motion, because the disorder came from a few,"
and the respectable part of the audience ought not
to suffer for an offence in which they hid no share.
Mr. B said the man being in custody, bis motioa
was executed and superseded; its object was ac-
complished, and, he beiag contrite, he would move
to discharge him.
The President of the Senate ordered him to be
discharged.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that, as a message
had been received from the President of the United
States-, returning to the Senate, in which it bad
originated, a bill for ihe charter of a Fiscal Bank;
which bill, having been passed by the other House,
had received the ci ncuirenceof both branches of
the Legislature, and been piesented to him for bis
signature, he presumed it was not the intention of
the. Senate lo go into ihe consideration of that com-
munication at this moment. It would scarcely be
treating it with the gravity and respect due to a co-
ordinate branch of the Government, to enter upon
such a discussion before the paper had been printed
and time had been given for that deliberate consi-
deration of its contents which obviously ought to
precede such a debate. The Senate had been
sufficiently familiar with communications of thi 
kind to know what course it was proper to pursue,
even had the Coustiiuion 1-ft it without any direc-
tions. But that instrument had prescribed Ihe
course to be pursued, it directed that, when, a
.nil should he returned from the President,
with his ohj'-c'inn-', the objections should first be
r cor'ed up .n the journal, and then the body
shouU pn ceed to recon-ider the bill; that, if should
ree-iv? th? '.'.sen! of two-ihirds of the members, it
should bt sent to the otb'- House of Congress, and
if if obtained .1 like majority there, it should be-
come a law, the President'-' objections notwith-
standing; but if not, the bill was rejected, and there
was an end of tne nuasuie He had risen to move
thai the Senate wruld, to-morrow, at twelvs
o'clock, proce-.d to reconsider the President's ob-
j.-cdons to the bill; and that, in the mean time, the
Executive communica'ion ju*t received be laid up-
tie table and primed.
Mr. KING surcg-sted tha% as the consideration
of the President's objections must be taken up be- -
lore the Seríale cool i proceed to any other busi-
ness, ihe hour had better be fixed at ten ins'ead of
twelve o'elork. He was in favor of the motion to
print. The dncatiiect was a highly important one.
Kvery Senator was bound carefully and seriously
to examine it for himself, and it ought, without
delay, to ro 10 the people, that they might be ena-
ble-; to judge of the Presid;ni's course. He there-
fore, moved ¡tv punting of five thousand extra
conies i.f t"e mes ge for ihe use of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY said he could not '-atirely agree with
the honorable Sena or from Alabaraaas to ihe pro-
priety of cha !~ir,5 the ¡¡our to ten o'clock, nor did
hecrincuf i'i die opinion tir.t the Senate could pro-
ceed to no 0 her business until they had disposed
•.: this bid. In a sun lar case in 1832 the Senate
had received the veto of the President on the 10th
o" July and decided upon it on the 13,h, and it had
no' been tal'en. up tul twelve o'clock on the d.ty
v cv its reception. He must adhere to his motion •
frr twelve.
Mr. CALHOUV  concuned with the Senator
r om Kentucky, that   ihey were not  bound, under
the   «'¡1'ustlunon,   'o  proceed  to   the  immediate
eon=i lee.mon   of  trc   measure; en   the contrary,
t e G i.-.stitudon pro tided ¡hat the objec ions should.
Left ■•si  recorded  at  length on  the journal of the
3- e-.t'. which  wt aid  require some time, at least.
He siso preí<-<-re.i tw.-lve o'clock to ten to-morrow,
which would eive  thern more time for the con-
¡deration oí she ; nbject, as they wouid not proba-
bk-  rec.ivf the nnn ed meisige ti'd .hat time.
^  Jlr. RiVES susgested 10 ¡he Sens'or from Ke .
tuckv, that eleven "o'cl .ek  won id he a preferable
aourto which to postpone the consideration of the
bill; as their moruing hour expired at that time.
