Of this bill with more solicitude and deeper concern
than to any other legislative ¿ct which this Con-
gress was likely to pas? Their petitions ^erchere,
sigued by upward* of seven tnousand persons
many of whom were m a slate of helpless insolven-
cy, and were men ot character, integrity, and en
terprise. They had been mined, in a gfeat mea
sure, owing to ihe wretched and miserable policy
ad ptetl by the late Administrations m reference to
the currency and other prominent and important
subjects
¡Vlr. H having concluded,
Mr. BARNARD sail that, if there were no
other gentlemen desirous to speak, be would move
that the committee now rise; giving notice, at the
same time, that he would to morrow introduce a
resolution provid ng that ail debate on the bill
should cease at 12 o'clrck, m
Mr WiSE inqu rpd of the Chair if the mo-
Uon to n*e was amendable If <o, he would move
to amend it by adding the words, "and report th •
bill "
The CHAfR decided that the motion was
not atnendab e, that motion, m committee, Vicing
equivalent to a motion for adjournment in the
House.
And the question being taken, the motion, by
ayes 79, noes 60, prevailed.
And ihe committee rose and repor ed pr >gi> ss
Mr. BOTTS said he had rec ived from the Mar-
shal of the District the accounts and vouchers for
the funeral expenses of the late President oi the
United Sla'es, (General Wihtim Henry Harri-
son,) for whici no appropriation had yet been
made.
On motion of Mi. B. the same were referred to
the Committee of Ways and Mean^.
Mr. FILLMOIE pres med a communication
from the Secretary of the Navv, in re'a ion to
the statute of Washington , which was referred to
the Committee of the Who'e on the state of tae
Union having charge of the bill on diat subject
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted a motion that
the Hnuse resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Stale of tbe Union, for the purpose
of taking up certain bills (heretofore reported) from
the Committee on Public Land*, m relation to mi-
litary bounty land claims.
Pending which motion,
Tha House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, August 17,1841.
Mr. BENTON offeied a resolution of inquiry
as to the amount of public lands in ma-ket, the
quantity offered for sale by proclamation of the
President, and the advertising of such sales during
the present year. The resolution hts over one
day
'Che resolution submited some days since by
Mr. Linn, in rela ion to the joint occupation ot
Oregon, was taken up, when
Mr BENTON rose and delivered hi  views in
relation to the importance of this TeiWory He
said the subject had a quired an ad litional degree
of importance from the fact that Ootumb a nver
was the only port Vy wlrch the Territory could te
sately approached, the coast being iron bound a id
perilous in all directions save that, wr rh was the
great gate thrrugn which the «d', was opened to
Ihe Pacific. It was a place where vest's roidd be
refitted, and in time of peat.e «could b mvatuable
to our shipping interest, vbde in time ot vías >t
would be mdndcnsable. He "aid out coun ry
looked to the accomplishment of a great navy as
oar best means of dei-nce, and >et, mstei d of oc-
cupying that poMtion, whicn of light belonge'to
US, we bad allowei the only power to ¡alie it mat
could use it to our disadvantage. In ca e of war,
instead of having this a«s a harbor for our ships
they would have to run a gauntlet oi 20 000 m les
before they could reach their home. Tbe Bri i«h,
discerning its advatages, had taken po:sc<sion and
held on to it.
Mr. B then fclanced at the right on which the
claim was founded, first, it had been di-e vered
by the captain of an American vessel in 1790,aho
had taken possesion in the name of his eountrt-,
and had given the river an American name   Again
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in 1804 and 1805 it had been exp ored under Ihe
administration of J ffepon by Lewis an 1 CUrke
Mr B continued until the miming hour had
espired and gave way, to conclude his remarks
hereafter.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mi BENTON thought, asan hour only would
intervene between then and the time agreed on for
taking up the veto message of the President on the
Bink bill, the intermediate period had better be
occupied m sma'l ma'ters connected with ths busi-
ness of the Senate. And he moved to lay tbe bill
on tbe table for the present.
On th s motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed, and the vole stood as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Caihoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Ktne, Linn, McRobens, Mouton, Ni-
cholson, P^rce, Rives Sf-vier, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wuhams, Woo oary, Wright and
Young—23
NAYS—tlessrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Chtak, Clay ot Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kcr, Mangum,
Merrick, Mil er, M rthea 1, Phelps, Porter, Pres-
tan, ¡Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, and
White—23.
So the motion was lost.
The Senate then proceeded to the conside'ation
of the general erder of ihe day, being the distribu-
tion and pre-emption bill; the motion pending be
lag the amendment of Mr Clay of Alabama, that
the e should be m the Treasury, at tic time of
siich in tr bution, a surplus equal to the amount of
si id neit proceed--, after meeting and satisfying all
dema n -, against ihe United Sta es lor current ex-
pendes and appropriations, and the necessary pro-
vision for the pajment of any poition of the public
d bt wbrh may tail due.
Mi CLAY tf Alabama submitted a slight mo-
dificaticn, at the suggestion of his triends.
The amendment, as modified, wa« then read.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was a simple naked
ques'ion whether money would be raised for the
purpose of distribution; and where, in the Consti-
tution, did they find the power to do so? He did
not thmk it pos'ibie that any Senator would con-
tend for such a principle.
Mr MERRICK did not consider it a question of
raising money to distrjoute, but whether they gave
the mi ney to whom tt of right belonged.
Mr. ARCHER considered the amendment an
important one. The question was whether we
should distribute the revenue derived from public
lands, win e the Trt-isury was in such a condition
as to compel a violation of the compromise act in
o der to raiso ihe mtans for the current expenses
of the Government
Mr CLAY of Alabama said if the surplus was,
above all the current demands, equal to th  nett
proceeds, then it might be distributed; bat as the
Bill now stood, the whole amount of the sales of
the pubho lands eould be distributed if there was
not a do lar in the Treasury. Now he asked if
tnere wai any man, friendly to Ihe compromise act,
tha  co^ld for a moment object to 'he pn position
wt ich he had submitted? And he hoped there would
be a maji n y found in its favor.
Tha aue tun vías then taken on the adopt on of
ihe «metidtient, ard decided m the negative, as
lot'" .'
YEAS—Me srs Al'en, A'cher, Benton, Cal-
houn, Cay ot Alaba eta, Cüthbert, Pulton, K'i)g,
Lin , JAr-tu^er s, Mjuton, Ntchol on, Pierce,
Rives, aevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, WÜ
li.ns, Wi gbt and Youn^—22
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Ba'es, Bayard, Ber-
neo Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, D,i( n, Evans) Graham, Huntington, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelp , Porter,
Prentiss, Pieston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, White and Woodbndge—25.
Mi BSNTON said He d"">ir d to know now it
was that the District of Columbia was m^er ed in
tne bill, and the Territories «ere not. Did Con-
gress not make the rosds, bridge-*, and bui'd court-
houses and jaws for this Distria? He wanted some
reason for the tSmg. Ths only reason he could
see w„s, that (he District   ra  here on the spit,
041
-■-■-■--   ..... -.:i..:v.."." . '--------......               ■   :afe=
while ¡be Territories were five hundred or a theu-
san 1 miles d wan'. He should, therefore, more
an amendment giving to the Teintories of Florida,
Iowa, and Wiskonsan, ten per cent, on the nett
proceeds, in ordf r that they might bare a prelimi-
nary slice fc themselves, and on thus motion ne-
demanded the yea - and nays.                        ,,.
Mr SMITH of Indiana had not a word to say
against the amendment He concurred with the
Senator from Missouri that there was no good rea-
son why the District of Columbia should be in-
cluded, and not the Territories. He thought it
unjust. This bill had been reported in the other
House. He had no hesitation in saying that all
ought to be placed on the same footing, and it «ras
left to tbe Senate to do so.
Mr. WALKER was sorry to hear the remarks
of the Senator trom Ir-diana. He could give a
very good reason why the District of Columbia
might be included, where the Territories were not.
They could become States, wh'le the District never
oould, ?nd heie w s a proposition to save ten per
cent to the Territories, while the District was to be
excluded The Territories were to have ten pn
cent; in addition to which, they would receive five
hundred thousand acies on admission into the
Union. To stake the District out, under such
circumstances-, would not only be injustice, but
spoliation and robbery, D.d not the people of the
District pay a large amount of duties into the
Treaiurj; and, while such an amount o£ duties Was
received from them, it would be an act of high-
handed injustice to exe'ude them from the benefits
of tbe bill.
When the subjec1 was before Congress in 1836,
he had himself movtd an amendment to include
the 10 miles square in that act, but it bad been
voted down—#1 h what reason or justice, he could
never conceive. Another reason why the District
should be entitled to all the privileges of this bill
was, that ihe land was denved from Virginia, a
State that 1 ad given two-thirds of the land that we
were now about distributing among the States.
Let the District have its share, and let it be set
apart for the glorious purpose of education. He
hoped yet to see the time come that it would be re-
nowned for its schools at d its works of science
and art, and become an example to the surround-
ing States, and that foreign ministers and others
might be enabled to judge of the people by what
they saw
Mr. MERRICK followed, hoping the District
might not be deprived of it« appropriate share of
the proceeds of the public lands acquired by the
common blood and treasure of the whole country.
Mr. BUCHANAN would remind Senators that
the proposuion of the Senator from Missouri was
not on striking out tbe Dutnct, but admitting
tbe Tern ones to the privileges of the bill.
Mr McROBERTS was gratified to learn that
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] though
voting with his party, bad admitted that the Ter-
ritories o 'ght not to be txcluded. Certa.nly there
would be net her justice nor equity in such a pro-
ceeding He con-idered tbeir claims even strorger
than tnose of the Distr ct, because they were out of
I the hunts of tbe twenty-six States, and were the
early p cneers of what w.s to follow It was the
inhabitants of those Ti.ru ones that fir t filled, tha
forest and let in the glorious sun upon the Lnd.
A"d shoJJ tbey be neglected or cut off? He
thought every Senator who mvfstiftated the subject
must see ire moral right and j«st ce of including
'hem in the provision, of the bill
The hour of twelve having arrived—
i Mr McROBERTS yielded th? floor for the pur-
pose of pioceeding to the consideration of the spe-
cial order—the veto menage of the President.
Mr. BENTON then suggested tbat the bill now
beft i e the Sena e be passed informally, for the pur-
pose oi proceeding to the consideration of the spe-
c at order of the day.
The CHAIR (occupied by Mr. King) havitg
propounded tbe question, announced that it was
carried in the afhrmaave.
The Whig Senators having voted in the nega-
tive—
Mr. HUNTINGTON eall°d fcr a division.
Mr. BENTON asked it fie rat ssise of tbe Pfe-
