•%
344
that bankrupt laws were designed, not to
give relief to the debtor, but to give a more effi-
cient remedy to the creditor. Did not his old
friend John &oincy Adams know this? We twice
(said Mr. S ) had a bankrupt system m this coun-
try—first, when we were colonies dependent on
Great Britain, ard afterwards when a bankrupt
bill was enacted in the time of the first Adams, who
was a  honest a man as ever lived, and did not
put his veto u-pon it when Congress, parsed it.
This bill, he said, was not wanting in his State, for
he repeated that there was not a country in the
world where there was a better system for the en-
forcement of obligations than in Kentucky, and
he couid not consent to let his Yankee friends
make laws for her. He nould not consent for
New York or Massachusetts, which still loleritrd
imprisonment for debt, to legislate for Kentucky
Ha would tell the people of the West, that the ob-
ject of this bill was to bring them under ihe sur-
veillance of New York and New England. Pass
this bill (said Mr. S.) and you will soon have the
question raised whether this Government can re-
lease men from the obligation of contracts—a
p'incipla that he never could give his con-
sent to. By this bill, a contract made in Ken-
tucky m good faith, might be annulled, if the
man who made it happened to owe a debt in
New York and Boston. And all this (s^id
Mr. S.) comes from the land of steady habits.
He thought tbe Yankees were the last men in ihe
world who would ask the Government for telief.
He ihought they were prudent, industrie us, and
thrifty, and that they managed their affairs too
well to be in want of the relief afforded by bank-
rupt laws. Mr. S here referred to the relief laws
passed in Kentucky in times of unparalleled dis-
tress—laws, he said, not to violate contract or to
relieve the debtor from his debts, but merely to
suspend compuhory proceedinas t< r two years,
and yet the merchants ( f the Atlantic S ates en-
deavored, by the aid of th- Federal courts, to -et
asme these law , and subject the cit stent, of Ksn
tucKy to imprisonment.
The CHAIR here interrupted Mr S and m-
form d htm that the hour had arrived when debate
must cease.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the commi'-
tee, in pursuance of the order of the House of this
morning, proceeded, without further debate, to vote
on the amendments pending, or that might be of-
fered.
The question was taken fin ton the motion of
Mr Goam n to strike out ihe enacting clause oí the
bill, and by ayes 79, noes 90, it was ltjecied.
The first section ot the bill being under considera-
tion—
Mr ROOSEVELT move 1 to amend tbe same,
by adding to the end ihcreot an additional proviso,
"that no petition under ihis.ut "-hill be presented
oi filed before the 15th day ol February next,"
which amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved an amendment, that
nothing contained in the bill should be construed to
altei o repeal any State U  for tbe relief ot in-
solvent debtors, or to alter or repeal any such law
exempting; certain goods or chattels trom attacii-
ment, execution, or di tre ■, which amendment was
rej cted
Mr ROOSEVELT offeted to amend the section
by inserting "that every corporation 1-- utng notes
or bills to be put in eireu'auon as  moncv,  and
which, after the------day of------next, sl-aJl fa.i tor
thnty days to redeem suchnote* or i it's aceorc' ng
tenor and legal i fleet thereof, shall be deemed
bar krupt "    Rejected by aves 5fi, ni es 80
Mr RANDALL ot Mary! «id n o/e1 to amend
the bill in the thirty-eighth l.ne, by iti ertini; artpr
the wo-d "tenements" th ' word ' rights or credit  "
Rejected
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to a-nend iho bill
m the forty-ninth Ire by strik r  out thf word
"gieat,"and in erttng "greater distan e thap th rty
miles "   Rejected
Mr ROObEVELT also moved several verbal
amendments to the section; all of which were re-
jected.
Mr. HOLMES moved to amend the section by
adding, as an additional proviso, "that nothing m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thii act contained i-hall have a retro.pective ope-
ration, or be construed so as to impair the obliga-
tion ot contracts "   Rejected.
And the second section being under constdTa-
tion—
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to amend it, aftei the
«ord "lien," in the thtrty-fifth line, by addtngjthe
following: ' Except attachments heieafter made."
Rejected
The t fleet of the amendment would be to dis-
solve attachments m<tde alter ths pas«a^e of the
ac', and subject ihe whole properly ol the debtor,
not exemp ed by law, to a pr0 rata distnbution;
whereas, tne bilí now allows one creditor to attach
all the debtor's property and retain it, if his olatai
is sufficient, and turnb him over to the other credi-
tor!- a bankrup , urinped oí all his means.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the sec-
tion in tre nineteenth line, by inserting "notice of
the petition" in place of tin, \, ords "more than two
months "    Rejected
Mi RANDALL moved to strike out Ihe last
word  of the section, to wit- "and which are not
inconsistent with the provisions of (he .econd and
fifth sections of this act "    Rejected.
Mr SPRIGGr moved to amend the section by
striking out the folio wirg proviso:
Provided, That the othei paity to any such dealings or
tiansactioiishad no notice of a pi lor act of bankruptcy, or of
the intention of the bmkiupt to take the benefit of this act
And 111 case it shall be made to appear to the court, in the
com se ol the proceedings in bankruptcy that the ban kiupt his
ipplicitton being voluntary, nas, subsequent to the first day of
January last or at any oihei time, in contemplation of the pas
sage of a bankrupt law, by assignment or otheiwisc, given ot
secured any piefeience to one ere Iitot ovei anoihei, he shall
not receive a disoblige unless lliesime be asstnled to by a ma
j irity in mteiest of those of his cioditorswho have not bi.cn so
pieferred
Rejected.
And the third section being under considera-
tion—
Mi HUNT moved to amend it by inserting af-
ter Ihe word "children," in the 35th line if the sec-
tion, as follows "And aKo the printed books of
such bankrupt, not to exceed in value, in any case,
fitly dollars "   Recced
Mr. RANDALL of Maryland moved an amend-
ment, (not heard by the Reporter,) which was re-
jected
And the fourth section being under con ldera-
tion—
Mr. PAYNE of Alabama offered the following-
"Pionded, hotceiei Tli it this act shall not be so construed
astoiulhon/e the ihichuge of any persoi 01 persons who
mtytcind I < d to any out oí me states, 01 to any I) ink, the
( u il tl ol wliii fi is owned wholly 01 in f an by a ¡state, with
o it Ihe consent ol such Mate expi sscd by the Legislmue
thereof, oi in eoiiloiunty with the laws of s ich talate noi shill
it beso consulted as to autlioii¿e the dlschaitte of any prmcl
pit debtor, witiioutthe o imentof his 01 hei secunde*, 01 en
d users, until such seunlties 01 endoiseis, dso snal! have been
tit ch irged oi íe'eased li mi all li-ibihues on account of such
securilysbip or endorsement oi shall tiavc filed theii consent,
in wilting, to such discliai Te '
R jecled
Amendments there'o wpre also offered by
Messrs RANDOLPH, FILLMORE, HOP-
,KINS, UNDERWOOD, RANDALL of Mary-
land, and B1RDSEYE, all of which were re-
jected
Mr PROWiT moved to amend the section by
mserang an additional proviso that no member of
tne pre ent Co'igiess shall be en'itled to ihe benefit
of tais ?c, which amendment, by aje 69, noe  81,
was rejected
Mr LINN proposed ao adduonal section, to
ciion in < s set tn n five, v web vas rej c ed.
/ni tbe fnih e^tion Leing under considera
tion—
Several amendment-! wet offered bj Mr. HA-
BERSHAM, w   .A w re rejected.
And the s.ifi sect o.i U ng under con i 'era-
tion—
The follovvirgamendment wis nropi ei bv Mr.
LINN
Mi) to heGliseonn altei lie won! 'banknijjlty,' in Ule
231 lile a* follow  ' except (hit rotning in this act contained
shall take from the romts of ihe several Mates, who would
oth rwi eh-ivoj'uisdiction of ihe subject mattei, iuir=diction
overall c lies and controvel es bplweei such assignee and the
cieditm oi crechtois of the estate, or between such assignee and
Ihe deb oiordebtoisof theestate '
Rejected
Mr. UNDERWOOD also proposed an amend-
ment to this section, which was rejected.
And the eighth section being under considera-
tion—
Several amendments were offered by Mr.
BIRDSEYE, all of which was rejected.
Mr EASTMAN offered the f Lowing as a new
section, to be numbered 16 which was rejected.
"And be it fuither enacted, I hat all coi porations fhrough-
outthe i nited Slates shall be subject to provisions of this act
in the same manner as individuals "
Mr LIN.N offeied the iollowmg as a new section,
to come in as section 17
Andbe it fm ther enacted, That nothing in this act contain-
ed shall prevent any of the peisons aforesaid, owing debts
which shall h ive been created in consequence of a defalcation
asa publ c officer, 01 as executoi, admimstratoi, guardian, or
tiustee,oi while acting in any othei f dueiary capacity, who
"dial!, by aid with the consent, in wilting of the creditor or cie
ditors to whom such debts ate owing present his petition as
aloresaid, from obtaining the dischaige iiom his debts as afore
said Prond°d nevett/ietess thatsuchcieduoi orcredltois, on
proving thtii debts as afoiesa'd shall leceivea distributive
shaieof theestate of such bankiupt, and piovided also that
the effect ol the discharge in the cases piovided for in this sec-
tion shall only extend to discharge the peisons so applying
from debts other than such as he shall owe in such fiduciary ca
pacity as aforesaid.
R jected.
And the 17th section being under considera-
tion—
Mr. BARNARD moved to amend it so as to pro-
vide that ihe bill shall take effect on the 1st of
February, 1842, instead of tbe 1st of November,
1841.
Mr. MAXWELL moved to amend the amend-
ment by substituting the 1st day of March for the
1st day of February.    Rejected
And the amendment of Mr. Bernard was then
agieed to.
Oh motion of Mr. ADAMS, the words "and not
sooner" were struck out of the said section.
Some further arm ndmi nts were offered by
Mes-r-. ROOáEVELT, BtRDSEYE, and RAN-
DALL ot Maryland, all which were rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS ot Mary land offered th« fol-
lowing as a substitute for the bill.
"Stri! e out all after the enacting clause, ar d insert the follow-
mD Ilia every person seeking the benefit of this law, who
shall make application thereti r to the district couit of the
lb He t Slates 101 thetotateor District m which such person
shall hav e resided wtiei he last obtained, 01 shall obtain, undel
tht laws ol a fet tte ot \ ei ntory of the United states, a perse nal
releí e as an insolvent deb'oi, sl^ll be deemed bankiupt, and
he m ly on hearing of paid af plication, be -,0 decjared, and bo
lietly did tul'y dis barged from all his debts contiacta and
engagements [hat existe 1 at the time of his obtaining such per-
sonal relea e Pioadtd That it shall appear, to the satlsfac
tionot slid court, that he shall have given notice, foi at leasd
thiee mouths newt before the time ol making such such ap
plication, of his intention to apply far the benefit of this taw,
which notice sbal' be published in two neW&papers that publish
the laws of the Unlteitbtates, punted at or nearest to the city
ortown vvheie ttie said couit may beheld, and, also, that he
shall have exhibited on file, m said court fot the same length
of time ¡irevie us to said htaring an official certificate of his
final di charge asan insolvent debtot under the laws of the
state or Teintory m which he resided, or shall reside, at the
Hire oí such discharge together with duly lertified copies oí
the inventory or schedule o! his assets, and of his debis and
liabilities to which such discharge íeíers 01 may have relation,
and an official cop\ of the bond of the trustee or assignee of
sai i ins i'vent debt n
' And 1/e it fui tha enacted, Thatif theie shall have been
filed m said court, [or the space of thirty days next before the
time of the hcaung of said application for the benefit of this
law any allegations made under oath orsolemnarhimation ol a
ciethtot 01 cíe litois c'iargii g said applicant, notwithstanding
the prima facie evidence exhibited m his behalf as aforesaid,
vMlli having committed frmd, orawiliul concealment of pro
peity, or any undue piefeience of credltois, the said allegations
shall be rrstheard and be determinedeithei by the said court-
summarily, or by a jury which the said couitshall cause lobe
summoned for that purpose at the option of the bankrupt, and
if it shall appear, to tte satisfictlon of''aid court oi of said
jury a-, the cise maybe that the said bankrupt has been guilty
if ñau! wiltul concealment of his propeity, 01 any unlawful
piefeience, to the mjurv of Ins eieditoi0 he shall bedeptived
ol all thebeneht ofhNict but it no allegations shall have been
filet 3S a icsald or lft e deteimi latltu ofsatd court oi jury
shall he in t nor ot said bankrupt then if ^hall h° the duty oí
tie «a d court 11 deeiee a free an 1 lull cilsehaige ol all tus debts,
ceniiacts and ci gdgements up to tne time oí his, rsonal re
leise is a! ii t-s nit oi discharge asan i ¡solvent debtoi andacei
tíntate theieoí si al! begianted by s^id couil yhioh ceitificaie
sh tl! oí n ay at all times oe plea led as a cúmplete bar to all
suns biought, oi lobe biought, against--aid bankrupt, on ac
count ol said debts, contracts, or engt^ejaients, m any court
whatevei "
Rejected.
After wn'ch, on reotirn of Mr. BARNARD, the
committee rose and reported the bill, with the only
amendment made, to 'he House.
And the question being on concurring in that
•amendment, which provides that the bill sbonld
not go into effect until the 1st day of February
next—
Mr. CLIFFORD renewed the amendment of-
fered by him in Committee of the Whole, and there
