CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$4*
rejected; offering it now as an amendment lo the
amendment of Mr. Barmed. Mr. C* proposition
was m the following woids:
" Provided,further, That nothing m this act contained sha1!
be constiued to alter or repeat any Mate law for the íe'iel of
insolvent debtors, or to alter or lepeal any such law exempt
mg certain goods or chattels from attachment, execution, or dis-
tress
Mr. BARNARD moved the previous question.
And there w as a second.
And the ona'n question was ordered, (being first
on the amendment to the amendment)
Mr. CLÍFFORD asked the yeas and nays,
•which were ordcrtd, and, being taken, were as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amngton, Athertoo, Bankv,
Barton, Birdsbye, Both, Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Burke, Burnell, Wiluam Butisr, Wat.
O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, P. O Caldwell, J
Campbell, William B. Campbell, Cary, Chapman,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cros-, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, J. B. Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig,
Eastman, J. C. Kdwaid-, Ejoert, J. G. Floyd,
C. A. Floyd, Furnance, T. F Foster, Gerry, Gos-
gm, William O Goode, Gordon, G'aharn, Green,
Gustine, Harris, Hasting', Hays, Hoime-, Hop-
kins, Houck, Hou-ton, Hubard, Hunter, Jack,
Cave Johnson, J. W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Lewis, Liltlefield, A. McClelUn, R Mc-
C'ellarj, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Mathew),
Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Newh^rd, Parrnenter,
Payne, Pickens, Plomer, Pope, Profit, A Ran-
dall, Reding, Renehei, Riggs, Rogers, R.is t-H,
Sauford, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Snyoer, Sui-
te's, Sprigg, Stfpnrod, Snnimer^, Sweney,Turney,
Wal'aep, Wattrrson, Weller, Jame-. W. Wf-
hams, C. H. Williams, and Wise—99
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L W. An-
drews, S. J. Andrew?, Arn Id, Ajcng? B^bcn k,
Baker, Barnard, Black, B'air, Boardinan, Birden,
Br'ggs, Brockway, Biooson, M lion Bro*i Jp-
remiah Bown, Calhoun, T. J. Campbell Chi'Js,
Chittenden, John C Clark S. N C arl-, Co*tn,
Cransion, Cravens, John Edward?, Everett, Fes-
senden, Fillmore, Gamble,- Greig, Habersham,
Hall, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Han',
Ingersoll, James írvm, Wm. W. Irwin, James,
John P. Kennedy, K ng, Lane, Linn, Thomas F.
Marshall, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meri-
wether, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne,
Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Powf.ll, Ramsey, B.
Randall, Rhett, Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, Sal-
tons'all, Sergeant, Simonton, Siade, Smith, Stan-
ly, Stratton, Stuart, Tiliaferro, Jonn b. Thomp.
son, R. W. Thomrison, Till nghast, Toland, Tom-
Imson, Tnoleit, Van Rensselaer, Ward, Warren,
Edward D. White J. L White, Thomas W.
Williams, J L. Williams, Wmthrop, Yorke, A.
Youn?, and J. Young—96
So ilie amendment lo the amendment was agreed
to.
And the qaesiion recurring on agreeing to the
amendment as amend"d—
Mr. UNDER .¡STOOD (for the purpose, he said,
of testing the sense of the Hjuse wheiher this b 11
should be laid over to the next -es-ion or nol)
moved io lay the bill and amendments on the
table.
Mr. WELLER asked the yeas a d nays, wh.ch
w re ordered, and, being taken, were as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs L. W. Andrews, Amrgton,
Atherton, Banks, Bario, B dlack, Eird-eye, B It-,
Bow.ie, Bo>d, A?ron V Brown, Charles Brown,
Buike, William Butler, William 0 BuUer, Gietn
W. Caldwell, F. O. Caldwell, John Campb-11,
William B. Campbe'l, Th .mas J. Campbell, Cary,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cro-, Dan el,
R. D. Davis, John B. Dawson, Dean, Doao,
Dois, Eastman, J. C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferri^,
J. G. Floyd, Chas. A. Floyd, Fornance, Tnomas
F. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Gog-
gin, W 0 Goode,Gordon, Graham, Green, Gas
tine, Hams, J. Ha>tmgs, Hays, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hun'er, Inger-
soll, Jack, Cave Johnson, J. W. Jones, Keim,
A. Kennedy, Lew, Littlerield, A. McClelian,
Robert McClelian, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,
Thomas F. Marshall, Mathews, Mattock , Me-
dill, Miller, Newhard, Owsley, Parrnenter, Payne,
Chittenden,   John
Co#en, Cranston,
Dawson, Deberry,
enden, Fillmore,
Pickens, Pope, Profht, Rjmsay, Alexander Ran
dall, R'dm^, Renchei, Rhe t, R>g«s, R^ers,
launder-, Sriaw, Shepperd, St e ds, Snyder,Spm g,
S eenrod, S uari,Smnmers, S i'pney, Triple , Tur
ney, Underwood, Wallace, Waitersnn, Weller,
Westbro It J. W. Williams, and Wise—110
NAYS—Messrs. Adam , Allen, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Babcock, Baker, Bar-
nard, Black, Blair, Boaraman, Borden, Bnggs,
Brockway, Bronsjn, Mi'ton Brown, Jeremía!'
Brown, Barnell, Calhoun, Caruther% Chiids,
C C'ark, Staley N. Clarke,
Craven-, Ct."hiorr, Wm C
John Edwards, Everett, Fes-
A. Lawience, Fo.ter, Gieig,
Habeisham, Hall, Hoisted, lienr/, Howard. Hud-
sou, Hunt, James írvm, Wm. W. Irwin, Jame3>
I D Jones, J. P. Kennedy, King, Line, Linn,
Sam on Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, MawiMf1,
Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Nisbet,
Oaborne, P^rdleton, Plumer, Powef), Benjamin
Randall Randolph, Ridg way, Rodney, Roosevelt,
Russell, Salionstaii,Sanloid, Sergean', Siraoniou,
Slade, Smith, Sollers, S &uly, S'ratton, John B.
Thompson, Richard vV. Thompson, lillmghast,
Toland, Tomlmson, Van Rens'elaer, Watd, War-
r> u, Edward D. Wane, J. L. Whi e, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Wil'iam-, Christopher H Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop, Wood,
Ycrke, Au^ustu1  Youne, and Ji bn Yuun,;—97.
So the bM and amendments wae lud on tht table.
And, on motion oí Mr. HOL VIES,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wfdnísday, August 18, 1841.
The OHAIK 'aid before the Sena e a communi-
cation fr&.n tro Secrrtaiy of lb? Trea'U.y c it'i r-
mir a report fr in ihe Commis-i uer of tie Ceneral
Land Office, m idr in c uiplmiic, <u h a re ohuion
of the 12 list nt cab tig lir •><> nu nber ot aadi-
tui «1 clerks appointed to th„ Latí 1 Omce since ihe
4 h ui Msrci last, wan the salaries icceived, &c.
Ordered to lie en ihe table and be printed
Mr. t_.LAY presented a memonal from the ma-
nufacturers of chemical ana dye stuff-, a king ihat
crémor tartar maybe admitted free of duly. Laid
on thp tabie and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KER, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
repotted ¡he amendments, made b> the Hou'e to
the bill to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for ihe taking the 6 h census," wita a recommen-
dation (hat they be concurred in.
Mr. K. nu ved thai toe amendmen's bo then con-
si lered, which motion \.as ogreed to.
Tne arr.endmen s re'ate to th ■ priming of 20,000
copi-sof the cjnsus irturns, and binding ihe same
in some cheap and subsiantial manner, provided
that the cost do noi excted fifty cents per copy, and
piovid'n.- also for fie taking oí returns of Montg< -
mery count), m Maryland, a ,d ¿tiding ihe same
to ihe enarneration of the State of Maryland.
Mr. CLAY o' Ai ,b" na obj-cted to ihe umend-
men s. St ho mi ¡ook no., t'ieie was a proposition
to aite. the namber of copie- to a veiy great
amount. What ucre alie, uy pnnkdwtuid, he
IhoJght, besjfficienr. Ac ouing to he rate &^íú
for dis rioution amon  fcS alt-, what came to the
sha-e of A abama would be c,o- h .< r ad praeii-
cal purposes. Wah u«.vd 'o the fifty ceri's, per
copy for bin t.ng, be thought no p lee should be
set, as, ho .ever much r"  ner the work might be
done itwcnMnevci be iixui at a less r<te than
that 'nefltioned.
Mr. CL4YION understood th  bul to provide
for the binding of the cop.ps of tbr census, which
would be oi 1'lie use except substantia'ly though
plainly hound
Mr. CALHOUN ms. >ed there was a propo-
sition to print ex ra cop.es, or his ea-s 1 ad de-
ceived Ian, and called íer Use iea írg of the
amendments
Tie amendmerts having been read, M'. CLAY-
TON mjved to recommit the bilí; wb.ch motion
uas agiefd to.
Onmot.onof Mr. BENTON,
Resolved, Ihai the fct-cietary of the Tiea^uiy ne directed to
mfoim the senate vvhd.t amount ol public land  aie now suive>
edandprepaiedfoi market, ano winch h?ve not yet besn adver-
tises! for sale, also, what amount of public lands have been ad-
vertised for sa'ft since the 4th day of Match last; also, what
amounts of land have been heretofore advertised tor sale by
proclamations issued Irom Maich to August, inclusive, during
the lai,t four years                                                         *
Mr WRIGHT submitted the following:
Reaoloed, That the Cmimittee on Naval Affaire be instruct-
ed to inquneioto the expediency of providing by law for th 
appointment of the commissioned officers employed jn ihe re-
venue cutler service of the United S ates by the President and
Senate in the same mannei that commissioned officers in the
nival service of the Unued States are appointed, and also of
prescribing by law ajubt and ptoper lank as between them and
the officers of the Navy when bom are employed together upon
the same service, and that the committee report by bill or
otherwise at the neja session of Congress
Mr WOODaLRf snbmiued the following,
wheh was ordered to lie on the table and be
punted-
Resoiced, That the Committee foi the District of Colum-
bia be mstrucied to inquire meo the extern and chaiaoter of
the diotui bailees in the gallenes oi the Senate on two occa-
sions ai (he pre^ei trxtiasession—one on the final passage of
the bill fo a r seal Bank of the United ¡States, and one on the
leading of the Veto oi the said bill, and that tney report whe
thei any, and what, fui thei Ityi&la ion may be necessary to pre-
vent oi punioh similar mteirupuous of the public business
heieallei
Al-o, that the said committee inqune and report m respect to
the d stuibancesat or near the President's Douse on the mght
ensuing the said velo, the description and object thereof; the
numbei and names of the persons concerned in them, so far as
can be ascertained, the punishment if any, to which they have
been subjected by the civil authorities for a hrf ach of the public
p ace, orforiiotous and tumultuous behavior in that occasion;
and io recommend any additional measures, of a lesiilative cha-
racter or otherwise, which may, in then opinion, be proper for
the protection of the d ffeient blanches of the General Govern-
ment fiom violent molestation, distuibance, and interruption,
while engaged in the discharge of their public duties in the city
ol Wablungion And saiJ committee is hereby authouzed to
sent! lor persons and papéis
Th-CHAIR announced the order of ihe day.
Mr CALHOUN hoped the/ would not proceed
With the order oí ihe da>, there was but hitle pore „
than a'i hour before they would hsve to proceed to
the consideration of the special order,  being the
bank  bill and  the  accomptuyirg veto mts-age.
He thought the land bill a measuie of too much
magnitude to proceed with  at  short interval*} he
would, the efore, move to lay  it on the lable, and
proceed to the small business on the docket.
Mr. MANGU'vI a«ked the yeas and nays.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired if th.re was any
othpr businp-s before the Senate 1
The CHAIR answered there was not.
Mr. KING sa.d there  were certainly several
matters on the labltf which ought to be taken up.
Tnere was the bill to extend  the lime for issuing
military bounty land warrants.
Tne yeas and nays were withdrawn, and the land
bill passed over by common consent.
The bill cxtendi"g the time for issuing military
bounty land warran's was then taken up.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana proceeded to make
some explanations of ihe object of ihe measure.
lie said it was simply to enable those persons who
had proved themselves entitled to the warrants, to
obtain them, the time for i-suing them being limit-
ed io the law, and having expired.
Mr. CLAY ot Alabama, after some remarks as
to the impropriety ot consi 'ermg the subject at the
p e^nt fine, moved to lay the whole ma ter on
the table till ihe *ext se«sio,i
Mr. BENTON iaid, fifty-six years ago this bu-
sme-s besan, and it has been getting worse and
worse every day, the time being nom time to lime
extended by rronths till 1805, when Congress found
it would be whipped, and concluded to go by indi-
viduals. Finding that would not do, Congress af-
terwarls fell on the plan of going by quantity; and
from bme to time fbat.has been mcieased, all of
wh en hf attributed to the nrgo'iability of the war-
ranis, members of Congress who contributed to
pa-- the b Its, fi'unog largely m the traffic.
fit SMITH had no feeuog m relation to this
subject, but to discharge bis duty as chairman of
the committee, bv which the bill was lejected. He
explained at *,ome length the necessity for its pas-
sage, and referred to a letter received from the
War Department m explana.ion.
Mr. PIERCE opposed the passage of the bill.
He sail it the limitation originally fixed had been
adhe-ed to, more justice would have been attained
than by the extension. Tne claims were not found
in the hands of the families of the soldiers, but m
the hand  of speculators, and were, almost in eve-
ry instance, fraudulent.
Mr. McROBERTS said tbal for all good and va-
lid claims that might yet be oatstanding and wi-
