346
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
satisfied, if there were any, he woa'd most willing
ly make provision Bat he said he could not con-
sent to vote for a law in general terms, like the
one under consideration, without our knowing the
extent of its ope-aiion ; it was under these general
laws that frauds were committed upon the Go-
vernment. He said if the committee would report
a bill setting forth the names of thon entitled, the
pre of being made to the committee, he would vote
for it—it was the only way to avoid imposition
A great error, and one for which the Govern-
ment lias paid dearly, is, that Congress had of late
years permuted these claims to be assignable. It
was not so originally. Mr. McRobebts Itere took
up a volume of the land laws, and read various
passages, among «hich was an ordinance of Sep-
tember 20th, 1776, which provided ' that Congress
will not grant lands to any person or persons
claiming under the assignment of an officer or sol-
dier." He also read from an ordinance of Con-
gress of Ju'y, 178S, directing the Secretriy of
War to issue warrants for bounties of land to the
several officers and soldiers of the late continental
army, who might be entitled to the same. He
also read from an act of 1809, which directed the
Secretary of War to issue warrants for military
bounty lands to the two hundred and fifty tour
persons «ho have produced satisfactory evidence
to substantiate their claims, &e. Mr McRoberto
said these acts showed the wisdom of the original
legislation upon the subject It refused to recog-
nise an assignment, and the grants were made to
the particular persons who had beforehand pro-
duced sufficient proof that they were entitled. The
time for issuing and locating these military land
warrants, had been extended from year to >e?r for
more than half a cermry. He thought it «as time
to pause, he believed the «afe mode for ihe
future would be to make po grant or less sp*ci illy
eiammed and reported upon Ly a committee
Under laws passed a few years ago, ihe"e land
warrants were convertible into sciip, which was
made receivable for public lands Scrip answer
ed every purpose of mone>, and this one consi-
deration multiplied h temptations to < biain fh se
land warrants by unfair means I ihmk sir, aftei
a period of nearly sixty }e.irs, we «houl I rtgtrd
with piuv these c'ainv, and allow tho*e only
which are t lab'facd by full proof, and the aetot
Congress ailowu g such O urns, should specify the
particular persons or their h ns
Sir, allow me to call the attention of this Senate,
to instances of deusption, which wcr at'emp'cd
only a ytar ago, by which to obtain large
grants of public land At that time my p Ntion as
solicitoi of the General Laud O/Iice, mile it my
duty to examine inrt n port upon, claims to
land, forwatdel through the G-nenl Land Olfice
to Congicss, tor conlmna nn At on tmit, sr,
I received a large nambtr of cl um , I think two
hundred, and lor tracts from one hunlred to ten
thousand acres, they were examm d ,md a report
made, and which the Secretary oí the Tie.i ti.y
transmuted to the House of Representativ s And
what, sir, do you suppose the invest gauon of ihese
claims disclosed? Why, sir, that a 'arge number
of them had been presented between twenty ai d
forty vearspg i, hal been uives lgited and i j ct-
ed by rom mttees of Crngte s, or by commission-
ers appointed to exánime tliTi And alter the
generation of men iaa p^sse 1 away, who had re-
jected these illegal claims, they were revive' .md
brought lorward, and manv oí them allowed by the
district land officers, tl ey n« 11 avmg acces, to tV
records of former decisions, which we have h*ie
Furlher, in the two hundred claras referred to,
there were found upwards ot fl'ty which
were forged in the names of tne Spanish
Governors of Loui°ians>, when that Territo-
ry belonged to Spam A' t e General Land
Office, mosi fortunftely, tbet*. is 'humear" o' de-
tecting coun'erfti** It was ov th s tho.t Property
worth hundreds of thou and of dollars was saved
to the people of the United States
But, sir, there was one deve opment made 11 the
investigations of those claims that J must rrenuon
to the Senate, because it shows the danger of fraud,
and therefore the great ca*e which should be ex
erened in legislating upon the ancient land c'aims.
You are aware that the writing paper used m the
Spanish provinces, forty years ago, was very dif-
ferent from that now now in use The authors of
the«e frauds, therefore, found it necessary to have
Spanish paper. Yes, sir, they must have Spanish
paper, and that, too, with he ol 1 water marks of
1789-99,-91, and 92 For this* purpose, they
obtained a few sheets of Spam h paper, and took it
to a paper maker on the Ohio river, who, for fifty
dollars, made them a ream of real, genmne Spanish
paper, and that, too, bsaring the water marks of the
years I have named It was upon thin paper that
the spurious deeds were wnt'en Fortunately the
General Land Office had a few sheets of the «awe
ream, and it was one of the means ot detecting
the imposition and frauds I h?ve been noticing
The^e things should admonish us to use all pro-
per caution in acting upon these ancient claims
connected with the pub ic lands. I will vote for
any claim that is clearly made out, but I cannot
consent trovóte for a law that may be so readily
abused, and which ma/ ooen th° door to imposi-
tion and iraud.
Mr. SVIITH of Indiana replied, and the bill was
passed over mforma'ly, and the letter received
from Mr Gordon, of the Bounty Land Office, or-
dered to be printed
The hour of twe've having arrived, the
President proclaimed the order of the day,
which was the consideration ot the objections of the
President of the United Slates to the bill chartering
a Fiscal Bank
[The gallenis and lobbies were crowded, in ex-
pectation of the debate which had been an'ici-
pated ]
Mr BKRRIEN rose and «aid fhat,undei a sense
of Hut,, e was nduced to move l' at the conside-
ration ot the Executive message accompanying th°
return to ihe Senate of the bill to establish a Fiscal
Bink be further postponed until to morrow, 17
o'c'oi k
Mr CALHOUN sa d he did hope that the con-
sideration would not be potsponed He did not,
indeed, insist that th Consuiutun riqured that
the Senate ■=boul 1 pn c ed to ^uch consideration
immediately A reasonabb time ought to be al
lowed, but it was due to the Chief Magistrate ¿nd
to the Senate that i lonse.r postporemeit «hould
nnt be nermitte-l T\" President's messace con-
tnint g his objections to the bill had now been in
possession of the Senate and on fie tables of me*n-
bds tor two davs Suif y there had been suffi-
cient mm to rtflect upon i', yet now it was pro-
po ed sti'l lorger to defer action upon it He
asked the honorable Senator to a^simi some reason
lorthepiodosed delay
Mr  BERRIEN  lepVrf,   Mistt wl^n  the S'nato-
from South Oirnlmi  co-ceded iha'  there   was no
mimed at    constim  onal   i   cessit,   for al in? up
*Pp *nr<   i«e h     oneeen I  a I tnat vas necessary to
covr ihe  motion      V/t " the S nator r-xp ess d
hi   oers, i, 1 conviction thit lime enough hid been
al'owed f  • ret'ee i n on the mtssage, he expwei
wiat wou'd no doubt regula'e his persona! ei r- j
du-i, but when Mr B. stated  that, under a sen^e '
of duty, he  h„d asked lor further  litii', he  had '
staiei his own conviction in regard totnecmre ,
«hi"h ought to oe put sued.   S-ru'orb wt u'd decide
for mem c.U s w'i ch opm>cn was to prevail
Mr. CALHOUN rq >med ?'' e Senator bad
admiued that he ronsiierations on which he bad
c me to the conclusion men loned were confined
to his own breast, and, n so, how were other gen-
tlemen ¡ojud'-e of their ft re1 We e th  mouves
such 2S co ild not be publicly looked a 1 Were
they fi unded on m^verrents external to that cham-
ber? It was certain y due to the Senate that a rea-
son be given, n was quite novel to reius , some rea-
son was always givei ,he haf never known i* to be
otherwiss                                                                 ¡
Mr ^ERRIEN sard that tWe S na'or was at h j
ben' io ugat't <v a'e/cr he m ght thmk proper, '
bat that ¡ahiuU no' conclude Mr B as having
made a mo'ion here for reasons which he could
not disc'ose. He submitted to the Señale that
there were, upon the face of the paper itself, am-
pie reasons, from the importance of its subject mat-
ter, why it should be maturely considered.   If the
Senator thought otherwise, he would, of course, re-
sist the motion to postpone.
Mr CALHOUN said that, as this was a very ex-
traordinary motion, the votes ot Senators upon it
ought to be recorded, he would, therefore, demand
the yeas and nays
They were ordered accordingly, and stood as
follows
YE %S— Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Por'er, Prentiss Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith
of Inriana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and
Wood bridge—29
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal
hou , Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
So the consideration of tne message was post-
poned tul to morrow, at 12 o'clock.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the genei&l order, being the distribution and pre-
emption bill.
The amendment of Mr. Benton was •still pend-
ing, viz to strike out ten per cent to the new
States, and insert twelve and a half
The question was taken on this amendment with-
out further debate, and decided in the negative, as
fo low*
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bentcn, Clay ofAlaba-
rni, Fulton, Luin, McRoberts, Mouton, Porter,
Sev t, I'allmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
briW  and Young—14
NAYá—Messrs Ar< her,Barrow, B^tes,Bayard,
Berrien, Biuhanari, Cay of Kentucky, Clayton,
D.tod, Evans, G>*ham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, M iHgum, Merrick, ¡Vii ler, Morehead, Ni-
cho on, Phelps, Prentis , Simmons, Smith of In-
dian's, Sturgeon   While, and Williams—27.
Mr FUt/TON then moved to amend ihe bill so
that the dis nhutton ot the nett proceeos of the
public lands should be in accordance with the re-
pic-entaiion of the several Sutes in Congress.
Mr SMITH of Indiana ^aid the amendment
would change the p meip e on which the bill was
placed What wouid tbey do, undtr this amend-
ment, wi h the Disinct of Columbia and the Terri-
tories, which had no Senator ? He contended that
the oil1, as it now stoo1, gave equal justice to the
new Stales, and hoped the amendmtnt would not
be adopted.
Messrs BENTON and WALKER briefly advo-
cated t> e amendment. It was peculiarly proper
that the apptftionmetit should be made acoordmg
to the ri presenta'ion ot Ihe States here. It would
benefit eighteen btates, whi e it would, ill some de-
gtee, (•umtmsh t ,e shares of the other larger States,
and m te out ju nee to all
Mr WHITE opposed the amendment. The
bib propo cd the distribution accord ng to Ihe re-
sDective pi pula ion, and on the same principle as
di ect taxation would be levied. Ihe amendment
seemed to have an appearance of plausibility on
lb fece, but tne provisimsor he bill were strictly
equal He itou^ht the b 1' had been under consi-
dcrat o  a sumcient time. Amrrdments were now
offered of the same principle as nad been rejected,
and they should no ,v proceed to voting, rather
thai furniei discus Ion The session bad been
piolcrg-r nearly to the ex'ent of"endurance, and he
hope!, as well as believed, tint th' bill would psss,
and it would not pass alone, but be accompanied
by other measurrs
Mr BENTON thanked the Senator from Indi-
ana for this avowal, it was a confirmation of what
he well knew before—hat measures, at this extra-
ordinary vision, were not passed or rejected upon
their mer is, b ji made to lepend one upon another,
and the wht le upon a thud ' It was all bargpm
¿n<\ o>lc A't w i coni'o*nerited into cne mass,
and aiu t >o teethe* or tall together. This was
the d"c ee ou' ci doors When the sun dips below
the horizon, the fate of the measure is decided, a
hurdle ate tied together, and, while one goes ahead
as a bait, another is held back as a rod And does
not this extend to other measures besides bills?
Here Mr. B. by his looks and manner, evidently
