CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
alluded tu the batch of po-tponed Abolition norn>-
nations, and went on to dilate at large upon ihe
enormity ot the principle upon which mee -res were
got through—bills, parsed—delayed—taken up—
laid donn—flattered with j passage, or threatened
with rejection—j^st as diciaeot the other me?
&ure& s-emed good or bad Mr. B understood
that a Bank \tas now to be caattered, and lemind-
ed his friends that he bad warned taem to look to
the repeal, and not to the veto—.Lai i ws-, now
avowed that mings which cannjt go per se cm go
inter aha'
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said tha* f'ey had had
a lecture on th cotisa'vip,iori oft ma, ?nd had been
told by the S'na'oi from Indma [VIr White] that
the minority ought to withdraw, and !e the vviiigs
proceed in the r own way. The Senator said that
those who off red arn^nd f nis did --o for th" pur-
pose of killiu?'ime Nov, he would ask tor th 
grounds upon via ch the ,i«"-eition was predicated,
and why it bad bem made'
Mr WHITE did rol say what tlv> Senator im-
puted to him H s remark wa>, 'bat Senators
a^am moved amendment-, afier a  expression of
the Senate had been elicited upon them.
Mr. CL4Y of Alabama said that they had done
no such thing, and had not c /en made at attempt to
do so As for mmee'f, l>e hpá sjbun'ted no amend-
ment wliUi he did not think consis'ent with the duty
wh ch h  owed 10 h   o ja S , i> as we! a5 to the
Union, and non" cf hi-, trier ' rnd submitted pro-
position-, to conni ie tine They kn°w perf ctly
well that that w*s not the wa/ to de eat the mea-
sure, and tha' if it could not Oc a me by appealing
to tie sense of j is'ite of tho ° <vho supnortel the
bill, it coald not be done at all The Scaur
from Indi n« hi I sa 1 'hit ¡Hi vt s l ke a revenue
bill, wh ch. had b=en rcojrt d o the House, arU
the'efore me y ctig-u nit to am •«ad it, but le it pa s
as it was Now he wou]d like to kn >w wher  t! e
Senator got tits idea Had they c me to 'h s,tha'
the services of t^e Senate coald be dispensed with
in these matters' Were they to be deprived of
th- right of modifying a bill wnenevcr they maht
think it proper, and be com-e led to take it for
gran'ed mat ill was ngW He was not prepared
to swallow dc-tnnes of f"s kind, nor was h 
prepared to take ttie feenaiorS worJ that mmori
ties should submit, am1 tut, therefore, ihs mi-
nority m this chancer should subisa Did
the Senator inean ,nat ibis bill shoalu p ss m
connec'ion with other measures, and that, because
a party, being a majority, met m seen t, and de-
bated tlit constitutionality of measures, and deter-
mined that all modification should be rrjected,
that tney wen to --it m quietly fj-ir p'fees and
wait for g^nt'emen to do that vh ch tiey had
agreed ur )t. n ecr ' T'be Sena or b?rl-<4i<! t^it
the majoiit) woj11 pi s, n"t on / tus, S„t o her
measure , he d<.ik bill and , ,1, aia hrd m nnatel
that opposition was n vair, at,<' tha',' 'egKd
natured ieilo^ s, X it. minouiy sbou d ^u1 ca. t ard be
quiet Bathe was iiotpteputl to confirm to the
course pr s<n 'd fo- h m, at d he wouut, when-
ever it snouid be prop r as ert the ngh s of nis
constituent and oí the Sip, an 1 would it all
times be prepared to d'iend th 11 B^fe'e he
took his seat, he wou'd oxrress h s 'rope th?t the
amendment wiich h->1 ' p"0 oTefd by th<" Sena-
tor from Arkan".u would b^ ador e '.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky concurred m one id^a
of the Se >a or fro a indiana, mo 1 deeidedii, «.nd
h" ei treated Senators, on <-ll ides of tie House,
to coniidT it—he aiíuJed to the dcsuetiat this
bib should be brought to a cloe, wba'ever might
be the result, it had bein so ion,; before them
There laid behind it another i~pjriant measure,
wiih wh ch the honoi and character ot me country
were most 1 irnrdiately connected, and whi a ht
hope1 wcüd be token u->, and passed unmeaiate y,
atter the decision of thf bill no* be ore them He
a'luded tc tne measure, which it was necessary to
adopt thr? si ss on, otherwise, be'ore th  midd e of
December next, the Government and the coun ry
would be "aground," unless they resorted to some
other loan bills. Ha hoped, therefore, that they
■would proceed with the bill    He did not ask gen-
tlemen to prore<-d with precipitation, but h° en-
treated tf-em to consume as lii'le time as possible,
and allow the bib to be decided
Mr. LINN observed that he would not have
fe't it mcessary to spy one word on the present
occasion, had not the remarks of 'he Senator from
Indian- [Jlr. "«"hits,] carried with them an U"der
current of ímplitd censure to operate out of doors
asatnst the minority m the Senate, that opposition
amendments to the Distribution bill bare been got
up and persisted m, for the purpose of consuming
time, a id not with any sincere desir? if impr^v-
mgtHe hi11, or an \ po sible hope of'd*featinE; it Not,
h , Mr L ron'd not suffer any impu a 10ns f-o no-
foundf J and unjust, to go before Ue country, wi h-
out ct nlraliction He would not permi anv mis-
rep esenta ions cf the motives or conduct of him-
self or of those with whom he had ihe honor and
pleasure of acting, to go abroad, while he was pre-
sent to íefute ihem. What could be more disingenu-
ous than to place the delay of this bill m passing
throug 1 the Senate, at the door of the minority,
when it was notorious that, with n the last week, it
bad been repeatedly told to the chairman of the com-
mittee who reported the bill [Mr. Smith of Indi-
ana] that the Senators on the opposmon «ide of
the chamber were ready and willing to go to the
vote, and it was equally notorious that the chair-
man and his 'nends declined the proposition, be-
cause it would not have been prudent on their
part, as they '-etmed to think, t^en to test the ques-
tion? Was it not a gross m sreptesentiti n to
chaige t^° minority witn delay, whf-n u was fie
gen lemen thenas'-lves, who wanted to be sure oí
cirrying their bill, ti at consumed time, 11! ail their
measures, of wh>eh this was but ac ncurrent part,
were ready2 The g ntlemen therncelve¿ were not
prepared to take the vorr; but seemed very anxious
to «-hift the re 0 n^i^n y of de'av ut/jn those
who bad inimftst-d t¡'e utmost will ngness to
put 1 lo tV test -1 any tne Sj it was
with their darling measure, Ihe Bank bill—that
panaca which was to work such miraculous cures
for a 1 the ills and complaints  f WbigTy. When
that bill wao oa i's progre , mo t of the ameni-
men's suggest-J by 'he Opposi ion were oppo=wd
01 ihe around*, of beiog intended for facti m« de-
lav But these imputations wee p^omp'ly re-
pelhcJ, inl yh°n hi« fr.eiid the Senator frjra Ala-
bama, [VEr King ] on the Tau^day of that week
offered thit tbe vote should be taken on in" suc-
ceeding Saturday morning without debate, the
pi of osit on was declined, but the admission was
extorted 'hat -orne further delay was necessary for
the friends of the measure Yes, Jelay was then
convenient, (or iha* b'H could no' have betn
passed, gieat as was the charm it was to have in
curing all the aiimenti of the country, without a
muster of ¡osees. That -as not the only instance
during this extra sess on of iheconve uence of delay
to llie m?,in y, and the urcand d att'tirK to shift
t'ie rt-pori h i iv on tbe n' on'y. T't"s arlifi es
grow out of the syHem ad' ptcd fir cprry . g thrr-ugh
mesures hat m- ve" cnul 1 he ca-ned th'ot gh 0 her
than by rick anu ar The majoaiy «■ h eh bv
*orce, ->nd not by rrgument, ho to carry th ir
meisbr^s, mn-t m^e m secret to t"h( era e upon
when it r¡ tafe to i'ike a s'ep forwid, an ' when «f %i
p udenl totxl e 1 it   bwkwri. wiie 1 lo íií'.í up, and
vAtn, ío Í11/ «own* vh n o krc nit 1 e to ir me^-
sur s, and when to hold 'hem bit.'. Tney have
the po-"fi to meel a' w at Iioji their please, sit a?
1 >ng as thev p' «se ai.d ddj ium at their own time.
Tne mmori y has no such power It is necessaril 
compel ed to take whatever time is < pen to it for
offering; and ad/oea ing such amendments a the
safety rf the conntr) demands If more time we e
required by the mmori y ihan by tho«? who had
tl e powr te operate by num'iers when argument
failed, it was rea^nable tW t me should je giv n
B^it even <b s poor privilege h?d nf t been etnmed
L^s , ms'e 1 of -nore, time vz« ronsumed ly the
miftfrity thar. by them?jori y, vet lit !  a  was that
t me attempt-, were m'de to ""ifl" onprs'ion by
charges of fartous delay, witfn ut a shadow of
foundation. There had bee/i enov^h of fabehood,
misrepresentation, and delusion. The country was
awake to these impositions, and required only to be
¡ informed of the movements 01 the wire-workers to
know how to appreciate their measures. And the
pe pie should be informed As far as it was pos-
sible for him and his friends to lay that informa-
tion before the country, it should be done Every
man ía the community must be told how this
Bauk bib, vvuich was in'cnded to rule the country
wi •* a monejed despotism for years to come, hid
been passed—how a national debt was entailed up-
on the cosntry—how this Bankrupt bill was forced
through, as he (Mr Linn) now understood it was,
by a in? jority of five votes, in the other end of the
Capitol, many of us Wh g opponents dodging be-
hind the columns, and how ihis land distribution
bill was now m the course of being p«\o.sed, and
the tricks resorted to to effect its passage. U was all
part and parcel of the same system winch was
concocted m Harnsburg, wrought «,"uh such
blind zeal at the Presidential election, and per-
fected by being compressed into a Congressional
c\ucus, at an extraordinary called, but uncalled
for, session Yes, the Harnsburg nomination
system has now come back, and the way is
smoothed for its secret and silent action. All was
well till the veto on the Bank bill cheeked the
dream of altimate success- and then the salvation
of the party was to be caucused. The Harns-
burg nomination system was again to be the last
hope, or they wouli have to give up their extra
session, and go back to their homes without even a
fig le-if to hide their nakedness. If they could but
get a few rags—a suit of old clothes to cover them
goirg hor^e, it would be a great godsend. Well,
as they cannot return home m all the gay trappings
and decorations which hey promised their frif nds
in the shape of an old fashioned Bank, let them in
chanty, caucus for the suit of old clothes. And
they are now caucusing for the «uit, and will get
1 Let it be ever so much diminished of its fair
proportions, they will have a Bank bill—such as
t ie) can get, they v¡ ill get. They wtllkctvr their suit of
old clothes—for taey never could go home with
n lining but n single fig leaf. With this
motley suit they can misrepresent and bam-
booz'e, and begin over again But their mis-
representations are made manifest The false-
hoids the Whigs jld about the last Admimsira-
ti n having left the countiy forty millions of dol-
lars in deb , have been exposed^ It is known that
thry v ere obli"ed to come down from forty to thirty
millions—totnentj mil'ion^—and, at last, one was
found to say ^>e would fall as. low as nine millions;
but be could tall no lowei. Like the man who
swore he had killed a wagon load of snakes before
breakfast, when they eme to be counted, there
might be a half dozen, these m srepresentations
about tne nalionai debt, and all the other misrepresen-
tations which they bad made their stepping stones
into power, had b^en knocked from under their
feet, and tb y were now obliged to stand forth in
the r own diminutive s>asure They wanted one
t iino- e( o ltf'them out cf the si^ugh of despond,
rid tney won d tiy hard for u—and a lame one
they w -e U^ely <o gel They v anted a Bank
b 11, swh as ihe Fxteu'ne will sign, Tne gentle-
men .vere «tkoae to such a one as they could
g t
ihaoppos ti nnadbeen tauntei with havingexult
ed to) soon over the President's veto. For one, he
hal exa! e!, nay, rejotc* i at 'he preservation of
th' Cons 1 ution Dy the Fxfcutive from the grasp
cf 0.1 ovei hadowmg rcnneyed monopoly, which
was .nterded to be fastened upon the country at
the exp-nse o' 1 s dearest ngh s And although
the fnend. of a Na • nal Bank here, may work
up something the President will sign, it wnl be so
m 1 fied an 5 sho-n of its strength, as to render it,
pen.^ps, a comparatively hatmless affair. Be
t-is a it may, he returned thanks to the Presi-
de! t for v hat he had done
Mr KING ooserved that it was obviously the de-
s gp of the mover of this measure not to jdmit of any
amendmen -, even th ugh they shoul 1 be for the
better Senators on the other s<d<> a irmt that they
cannot entertain the amendments otf-red from this
side, even though, in their hearts, they know many
of these amendments have much to recommend
them. They acknowledge that such amendments
are desirable, hut they cannot vote for them, be-
cause their adoption would endanger   the  bill.
