CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bl$
to repeal this bill. I would be exceedingly popu-
lar at its first "go off," and if this bi 1 passeo he
hoped that none of his friends would auempt to
repeal it. It would, if permuted to work, prodace
its legitimate effects, and was enough to detroy
any Admimstratioii. He saw that this was a
doomed Administration. It would not only de-
stroy them, but blow them "iky high "
Mr. PRESTON said his feelings had been very
much against the bill. He had voted against the
engrossment, but this amendment was good in it-
self, and he should support it.
After iurther remarks by Messrs CTJTHBERT
and CLAY—
Mr. ALLEN said be did not rise for the pur-
pose of protrac'in? this di=cuss>on, bat to make a
motion. The effect of the amendment to this bi'l,
adopted by ihe House, was to pistpone it* opera-
tion until the lbt of Febnia'y last. Now, one < f
the reasons given fey the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr Walker] for moving to lay the Land bill on
the table, and calling up this bill at this particular
time, was that the unforti na e persons who expect-
ed to find relief m this bill, migat have that relief
instantly, and not sleep another night without it.
The bill was taken up with the view of imparting
to these unfortunate beings the certain knowl dgc,
that they were to be relieved by this bill. After it
was taken up it was found that ti e object of the
amendment was to postpone the relief for a longer
time. And the reason given for the amendment
made by the Hou e, was to allow a subsequent
Congress the onportnn.ty to amend it, or ?l together
repeal the bill Tae reason, therefore, for the de-
lay in the operation of this bill, gomg along with
the bill itself, so far from carryng a certainty of
relief to the sufferers, weuld cury a rn re tan'a-
lising hope, that as the happening of a contingency
the rebel is to be administered. TV objeci of the
intendment itself, as stated, viz: to give a fntii"e
Congress an opportunity to review this act, was a
declaration to these bankrupts that they were not
to be relieved till a future Congress should bave
reviewed this act. He was not prepared to say
that this mode of legislation would not, as a gene-
ral rule, be well, if universally adopted; on the
contrary, it would be far better for the country if
all the laws which would deeply and permanently
affiCt the country, were required by the Constttu-
tion to be passed by two Congresses before they
went into operation. He believed it would be a
wh desome provision with respect to all kw>, ex-
C-pt those which might be neec^ary for ih' ue-
fene ef the country; and a? the Sctatir from
Kentucky had ascertained thi* principle to le a
De.nocranc principle—to silo  lite people t'm  to
re-examine our acts, and communicate to a subse-
quent Congiess the.r decision—he thought he
would do justice to h'tn-elf if he won] 1 extend
this principle to th  Land bi'l, and vo'e with him
(Mr. Allen) to postpone its eperfion to the first
of February next. This would see-  to be no
more than right, because it was said here tha' one
of ihese bills was made dependent on the other.
It was by log-rolling that thi&e bil' were to be
passed; and it these contacting part es m'ended
to deal in good faith, 'hey should make bo h ends
of the contract take effect at the same time, a d
depend on ttte same contingency, bj giving to this
Land bill, as to the Rankinpt bill, a &nsp"nsioi of
its opera ion till the fi"t ot Febiuvy.-w tint 'hep
should be no opportony fcr one pa tj 'o r'e'i.de
the other; he meant the partes to these two con
tracts.
It was th  object of this bankrupt bi'l not to re-
lieve immediately the present sufferers bu s mpiy
to go before the couD'ry with ¡t, and ltt it be de
cided on; and as this was the ct e, he proposed to
lay it before them in the form ef a "bill," and rot
a "law" He therefore moved the postponement
of this (the bankrupt) bill till the first of Feoruary
next.
After some conversation a? to rs be>ng in order
at this stage of proceeding, to lay a b 11 on the „■
ble, the question was taken and the motion rejected,
as follow s:
YEAS-—Messrs. Al'en, Archer, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alahama Cuthbert, Ful
(on, Graham, King, L nn, McRooers, Nicholson,
Pierce, Prentts , Preston, Rives, Sevier, Sturgeon,
Tappan,   Woodbury, Wright, and Young—23.
ÑAY3—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Cay ton, Dixon,
Evans, Hei.der.oii, Huntington, K>r, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Mouton, Phelps, Por-
ter, Simmons, Smith of indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, Walker, Wh'te, and Woodbndge—26.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives were con-
curred in without a division.
On  motion  by Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate then adjourned at 3 o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Weq\fsdav, August IS   lfiU
Trie intima! oí yester fay was it id and apt loved
11AMIRI.PT LAW
Mi GAMBIT rose tod moved a ieoonsidnration of the vote
ofyesteidav, by which the bill 1 rom the senate to establish a
'nil ii m system of bankruptcy throughout the United States had
been laid on the table
Mr G proceeded to remark tha' he was one among the num
ber of those who had no scruples—
The SPEAKER    1 he question is not deb nib'e
Mr GAMBLL I moi c the previous itesuon on the motion
to leconsi ier
The SPEAKER said there wag no necessity so to do, as
the motion lo leconoldei d vole laying a subject on the table
(which latrpi mo nn admitted of no discusión) was not de
1 ha'able
Mi '\ELLER moved a i allot ihe House, and asked the yeas
andnav which were i rleie 1
Mi CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the mot onto leconsider
on the tab'e
The SPEAKTO decided that the motion foi 1 call of the
House ha 1 pteredence
An 1 the question was then taken on the motion of Mr Vvpr
IER (hit here be acillofthe House, an 1 was decided in the
iífirma to   >ea¡, 170 nays 7
bo a call of the House was ordeiel
And he Clerk having called the roll, 19b members answerc 1
to thtu names
The names of the absentees havm" been again called, °0G
members appeared to lie piesent
The doors and the windows of the ha!! were then < osed
And the names oftheab^en'ee weie ague called, and excuses
weie receive!
Mr At rORD wasevcuse ¡ont ic sioiini of indisposi ion
H,  BUlfON wool >w cille >
Mi XiOI l^movel tha he he excuse I upon account of ill
health
home convention took place s«veial members asserting
that they had seen Mr H in the Halt this morning
Sir BO FT  said that his colleague had ittired by reason of
indisposition
"Mi hlANLi sailthat to his knowledge Mr Barton was
quite indisposed and had h el no all the morn n"
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS asued the yi as and nays on the
motion to excuse Mi Baktom, which wire oideied, and, being
taken were—yeas lit navs/t
So Mr Barton was e\cu td
[Mr HOPKINS befoie voting, rose and inquired vvhethei
Mr Barton had not been in the Hal! and voted on the moviott
that there be a call of the House
The Clerkmlormed the- SpeatsFp (hat Mr Bapton had so
vo ed
\\ ieieu¡on=e\( tl "citYmen woo had vo e I m t^e afhrra
live ch toged 'lieu votes 1
Mi Bi twsTEK was excused, on mouon of Mr B1ÍIGGS, be
cause ah ent f(om thi  t1 y
Me srs S II Hi Tt.FR and Tas Cooper \ ere \ruedonthe
ground of m lispusition
Mr Dimock wa& excused on the giou id (of sickness m fa
mily
Mt  Gates on the ground of irdisposnioi
Mr Giddpngs gene home
Mr Gilvier iffeltd no excuse
Mr Ilts-tck--------
l\,n hng a moaon by Mr IIOLviES that Mr IIostlr beex
cuscd—
Mr LOTTS sail that Vlehevcu mo't <f the ah ent mem
hers were at the dooi ahlhewou 1 then fore movethatali'ur
thel pn ceedmes on the call bt d spot se t with
Mr sTEEMÍ/)') a k I the in ant rmson that mot on
which wtie oulereil and, be n laistn v etc—yea 11!, nays
7b
So all    irthei pioeeedings on tie ca'l ver5 d spensed with
\n t the doors, &c   ol tht. lia t vere,e }   nc 1
Anlthe question ihen ri.c rung on tienotion ofMi V v\e
7oh\so\ to lay i i the tab ethc mo ¡ n of 't'l <>A"'rP"r" ti re
C "insider the volt bv which llenan r^. bh liadbiei 1 lid on
the f ble vt   cdiv —
Ml OWE IO1INS0N a'ei the \ "as a id im< whci
wcie irdeied   md  btingt ken i    uttei as h I! ov =
"\ ¡As—Mt rs \ul gt n \thtr -m, B ¡ k B eson P "
laik Biwne liiyd / 11 m V Brtv\t Chatlts Brown B lie,
Win O Boiler Gretn \V fan well, P ( Caldwell I Camo
belt, \\ i li mi I1 Campbell C 11 > t lapmao Cn^oi 1, (I 1
too, ( ole's, iioss, Dlniel i 1> D vis J)hn B Ihftc
Dean Hoan, D iff, La tman T C IdwauH, Tgbert lenis
J hn G Floyd Chirles A I iovd I ornancc IhotntsF Fost r
Get trv Cem Goj^m i\T Ü G >je G ihi Gieen Go ne
Hirrs Irhu ila lings, ííavs Filmes H puis Tfott k llj 1
ton, Hi hard In  isoll 'ic ( ve I ihn on John \% I if,
Keim sndtew Kei ifdv Ltwi Lit lei Id Ai hrniVK 1
Ian B Mel lellan Mth v \ ailoij, Maichand "v'Ht e \ Me
dill Mil er Newnaid, Pirmenttr Ptvu P ens Pu ier
Pine Ptorht Re ling Itenchei, Rhe Risr^s K i,tt ■> aw
s,n pi erd Shic' ' , -nv Ier s eenrod -.weney luí  v Í it 1 r
wood 'Van 1 men Vvaid, W titer  m, VVeller V es ¡noos
and I   W   Wit iams-9'
-^^^i __Me sis  A am°  411en, bherlocn T   Vo |ptvf   Unn",
Aycii <  Bib ork, Bakei Banal 1 Bu Wvt Black, Blair
Boardman, Borden, Botis, Bust's, Rrcckway ünnsnn, Milton
Biown Jeiemiah Brown, Butnell, C&'hoiai, Thomas J Camp
bell, Caruthers, Childs, Chittenden, J C Clark, S N Clark,
Cowen, Cranston, Ctavens, Cushmg, G Davis, William O.
Bawson, Deberty, JohnEdwards Fverett, Fes&enden,Fillmore",
A Lawrence roster, Garrib e, P G Go de, Greig, Haber'
sham, Hall, Halsted, William & Hastings, Henry, Howard,
Hudson, Hunt, James Irvm, W W Irwm, Jamca, Win C.
lohnson, I U Iones., J P Kennedy King, Lane, Lawrence,
Linn, Samsem Ma^on, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meri*
welhei, Mooie, Moi^an Morris, Monow, Ñlsbet, Oaborne,
Pean e, Pendleton, Powell, Kamsay, Benjamin Randall, Ales-
atidei Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodney, Roose-
velt, Russell, Siltonsial!, Sergeant, onnontoo Slade, Smith,
Soils re, Stanly, Stratton, Tahafeno John B Thompson, Rich-
aid W. Thompson, Till.nghast, Toland, Tomhnson, Trum-
bull, Van Renspelear, Wallace, Warien, Edward D White,
Joseph h White, T W Williams, Lewis Williams, C
11 Williams, I f, William"!, Wmthrop, Wood, Yorke,
Aigustiio "ioung, and lohn Young—III
S > ihe motion to reconsider was not laid on the table
A id the queslion recumng o 1 the motion of Mr Gamble to
reconsidei the vote by w Inch the bankrupt bill and amendments
had beenh.d on the table—
Mi PilOFFIT asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
and heme taken, vere as follows
lEAS-Messis Adams,Allen, S I AndieRs, Arnold, Ay-
ctigg liabcoc , Baker, Barnard, Black, Blair, Boardman,Bor-
den, Pug' Biockway, Bron on, Milton Brown, J Brown,
Burne 1, Calhoun, 1 I Campbell, Ciruthers, Childs, Chitten-
den, John C í laik, fc ahy N Clarke, Cowen, Ctanston, Cia-
vtns, Gushing, Gaiictt Davis, W C Dawson, Deberry, John
Edwards, 1 v< rett Fessenden, I lilmore A L Foster, Gam
ble, Gates, Paníck G Goode, uieig, Habersham, Hall, Hal-
sied W S Hastings, Hemy, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, James
Irvm, W W Irwm, I unes, W C Johnson, Kaac I) Jones,
lohn P Kenneuy, JKing, Lane, Lawreme, Linn, S Mason,
Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan,
Moms, Mot 1 ow, Nisbet, O&borne, Pearce, Pendleton, i owel),
Benjamin Randall, A Randall, Randolph, Raynor, Ridg
wav, Rodney, Roosevelt, Russell, Sahons'ali, Sergeant, ÍSi-
montón, siade ¡smith, Pollers, Mainly, Mration, Taliaferro,
Ricbaiil W Thompson, Tillmghaet, Totand, J omJmson,
Tiumbult, Van Rensselaei, Wallace, Warien, E D White, J
I \\ hite, T W Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H.
Willi uis, loseph L Williams, Wmthrop, lork, Augustus
"i oun", and  lohn Young— 1ÜS
I\A\&—Messrs Arrmgion, Atherton, Banks, Beeson, Bid-
lack, Birdseye, Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Charleo
Biown, Burke Wm O Butler, Gieen W Caldwell, Pa
trick Ú Caldwell, I hu Canpbell, Wm B Campbell, Gary,
Chapman Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Richard I)
Dav is, lohn B Diwsou, Dtan Doan, Doig Eastman lohn C
Elwaids, tebiit Feins J G 1 lovd, C A I loyd, romance,
1 F Tos ei, Gently, Geiry, Gnggin W O Goo e, Gordon,
Gus ine, Hams, I Hastings, Hays, Ho'mes, Hopkins, Houck,
Hitibtm, Hulalt iiuntti In£trsoll, latlt, Cave Johnson,
T ihn W Ijiils, Ke m A Kennedy, I ewis, Litttefield, Abram
Vtl kllau 1'obtrt MeCleilau, VIchav, Maiiory, ¡ Marchand,
Mdtiiewa Medill, Mdlei, t\t whard, Pal menter, Payne, Pickens,
Plainer, Pope Piofhl, Ramsey, Reding, Reorder, Rhett, Riggs,
Rogers, Saunders, Sliaw, Sheppeid, bhields, Snyder, Spngg,
hleenrod, toweney Triplet!, 1 urney, Underwood, Van Buren,
Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, James W Williams, and
Wi e—98.
ho the vote was leconstdered
Mr toOLLLRS lose and mquiitd of Ihe Speaker whether,
tht vu ( having' en reconsidered the question leuirred on the
motion to l y ti e lull and amendments on the tablei
Ihe '-PEA.h.LR Yes, Uri ess the gentleman who made that
motion with haw  it
Mi SOLI IRsdesiiediomquireofthegemleman whomada
the mot onLM   UNDERVvOOo]whethei he pel sisted in his motion
( 1 wllhdiew u
Mr IfNDEilWOOD said he was wli ilg to withdraw it for
Ihe pin pose of odeuitg an amendment, it he could do it at ihe
«ame time
¡Cries of l<j\o no '—"Hold on ho11 on "]
Hit SPEAKER It is not in ihe power of the Chair lo make
contiactsof tint kmd
1M1 ITNDHíWOODsul he d d no( wish to do so All he
wi tied to kno v was, whether, if ne with irew 'he motion, ha
could at the same unit , tier an amendment?
Ine fsl'LAhJR sud lie was ol opinion that the gentle-
man couli no di so, the previous question having been de
m 1 de 1
~>i he mo ion wis not wi ihavn
Adtie jo ,tloir 1 ipüo tha mohoi,(to wit, to lay the
bi I an lain. 1 dm it'ti  hetibi->)—
Mr B VRN AllD tski d tt e > e is and nays, wmch w ere order-
ed  ^rdb   is  iktn wtu ,is olli ss
\i (V-.—\i, bts a ling on, Atoerton, Be, 1^ Beeson, B d-
lark ISndstye B snt, B d, Aaion V Biown CharlesBrown,
'itlke Willian it tici, V, il lam O Bullti, Green W Cald
wtl 1 tt-ick ( I wel , I C mr.bed, William B Campbell,
(aiv,lrap lai r lloru Clinton Coles Cío s Daniel, Rich-
i! ID Dav í i 1, Dawson, Dean Dom, Doig Eastman,
lohn ( r \i 1 E=t-i Ftin l)h G Hoyd, Charles A
I lev t Filia r **<• ma F I osle , Gcnv Gt 2gm William
O G ol G11 Gt stine. Ha us, John Hastings, Hays,
Horn s I (¡k 1 luin ¡Tu s on,Hul aid Huntei, Ingeisoll,
laCK t ivc t lu o JüiinW T ncs Ivtim Andrtw Kenntdy,
Tivvis 111 ph ibiahem M Cle' an, Robut MiClellau,
M Ka\ Mt! it dtrch e' Tliüinas í ^ar&lnll Mathews,
Med! M lei N nurd Piimcmor Pajne, Pickens, Pinner,
Pole, Pi 11 lv nsey, Reding Lencher, Rhelt, Rlggs Ro-
il r -s ur leis bhait, '-heopeid, ¡shields Snyder, Sprigff,
■slee rot swencv, I uplett, Furnev Cndei wot d Van Buren,
W ir     " alter on, We ier, Wes broak,   lames W   Williams,
md   Vtt"1                                   ,.T1,            .,,
^iV1-s—Ms-s ulams, Aben £• I \ndiews, Arnold,
V>r           Bt        k   Biker   Ci-laid   Back   Blair   Boardman
Kor  o 'bo > lili --  Biockwi) B arson, M Biown, Jerenn
ih B ov\ L 1 til Calhom, Thomas J Campbell, Carmher ,
( il's t ttnden John G Cla-k, «ate} N Claik Cowen,
tian-toii avns Cushm , Girrett Divi~ V  dham C Daw
son Debém lohn t-dwarns Everett, Pts enden Fillnote A
laiv.enct Fos er, Gamble Gates Gtlmer Patrick G Goode,
Greí- Habersiam, Hall Halsted, William S Hastings Henry,
Howaid Hudson Hud, Í ime  I vin, William W Irwm,
lame W" C Johnson, I aac I) lines T ¡hn r lumnedy,
Kn" Lane Lawienre, lion, Sam on Ma«on Mathi t, iV,ax
wef,1 Maynard, Menwethei, Moore, Morgau, Moms Morrow,
