CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEBKLY-
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27th Cong..........1st Sess.
FRIDAY,   AUGUST 27, 1841.
Volume 10™........No. 23.
Continued from JVo. 22
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Oa motion oí Mr FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Commit'ee «f the Whole on the
state of the union, (Mr. Williams of Maryland,
in the Chair,) and took up House bill No. 8, en
titled "A bill making appropriations for various
fortifications, for ordnance, and for preventing and
suppressing Indian hostilities, which bill had been
returned from the Senate with certain addition-
al items, to which items certain amendments had
been moved by the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House.
The amendment were as follows:
SENATE AMENDMENTS
Page 3 of the engrossed bill, after line 21 insert—
1st For defensive works and bai racks, and pinchase of site
at or near Detroit, Michigan $50 000
Add to the end of the bill the following
2d Por surveys in reference to the military defences of the
frontier, inland and Atlantis, $30,000
3d For arrearages due for roads, harboi s, and rivers, where
public works and improvements have hitherto been made,
and for the protection of public pioperty now on hand at
these places, and for arrearages for surveys, and completing
maps authorized by act of March 3d, 1839, 840,000
4th For defraying the expenses of selecting and purchasing
a site for a Western, Southwestern, or Northwestern Armory,
to be selected by the President of the united States, thesumof
«75,000
5th Tor tne construction or armament of such armed steam
ers or other vessels for defence, on the Northwestern lakes as
thePiesident may think most proper, andas maybeaufhori
zed by the extstm<* stipulations between this and the British
Government, $100 000
To which amendments of ¡he Senate the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House proposed
the following amendments
The committee recommend that the House concur in the
first amendment, with the lollowing amendment
Add thereto the following words
For purchase of &ite, an 1 for bai i acks and defensive works at
or near Buffalo, New Yoik, SoOOOO
For fortifications at the outlet of Lake Champlam and pur-
chase of site, $75,000
For defensive works, barracks and other necessary build
wgs, and purchase of site for a depot at or near the junction
of the Matawamkeag and Penobscot rivers, Maine, $25 000
The committee also recommend a non concuirgnce in the
iecond, third andfouuhamendmi
currence m the fifth amendment
second, third and fouith amendments of the Senatí|^inda con
'«"
The amendments were discussed by Messrs.
DAWSON, FILLMORE, CLIFFORD, PENDLE-
TON, IRWtN, C BROWN, PROFFIT, HOW-
ARD, S MASON, and SPRÍGG.
Mr. SPRIGG moved that the committee rise,
on which motion the vote stood—ayes 24, noes 23:
no quorum vourg
The committee then rme and reported the fact to
the Hoviie
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the House,
which was ordered.
And the r ll being called, 108 members answer-
ed to their namei.
And the names of the absentee;, being called, 160
members appeared to be present
All farther proce dirss in the call were then,
on motion ot Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS, dispensed
with
The House again resolved it>elf into Committee
of the Whole on fie state of the Union, (Mr. Wil-
liams of Maryland m the chair )
Mr. FILLVIORE suggested thai the committfe
should pass upon the amendments, so taat the bill
might be brought into the House, ¿nd the whole
day not be lost m íiscu  ion
Mr W. C. JOHNSON thought that a suggestion
made by the chairman of tne Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, [Mr Dawson,] to commit the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs should be adopt-
ed It would be an economy of time, and he
(Mr. J ) designed to move such a reference, with
instructions. He was free to confess that the bill,
in Us present shape, could not command his vote.
He was in favor of diminishing the amounts ap
propnated lor the building and construction of
ferts, and increasing the appropriations for the pur-
chase of ordnance. Mr. J expressed his views on
the subject at some length, and entered into a
statement of facts for the purpose of showing the
propriety of the mstructiens which he was about to
move.
Mr. J. then moved that the bill be committed to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with certain in
strnctions    (Not read )
The CHAIRMAN said such a motion could not
be made in committee.                /
And the propriety of a commitment to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was spoken to briefly by
Mr. FILLMORE and Mr JOHNSON.
Mr. J. then gave notice that he would submit
his motion whenever it would be m order for him
so to do.
The amendments were further discussed by
Messrs. RHETT, EVBSplTT, CUSHING, SAL-
TONSTALL, ALLEN^TOMLINSON, SPRIGG,
and TILLINGHAST.
Mr EASTMAN said, that as he had voted
against the passage of  bis bill before it was sent
to the Señale, and should probably vote Egainst the
•proposed amendments, by which the appropriations
would be increased about half a million of dollars,
he desired to state very briefly the reasons that
governed his action.
[Several voices here exclaimed, let the bill go
into the House, and make your remarks there ]
Mr. Eastman No, Mr Chairman, I cannot
consent to do that There is no chance for the mi-
nority there I cannot trust the assurances of gen
fiemen; for no sooner is a bill reported to the
House than the previous queslion is moved and
carried, and all debate, however necrwiy and
however proper, is a' once cut off Freedom of
speech, sir, no longer exists in the American House
of Representatives It is> now h*ld, not as the
fathers of our Republic designed, not by the tenure
of the Constitution, but by the desperate will of a
desperate majority. It is in the Committee of the
Whole alone, that the people and the people'  re-
presentatives have any chance for a hearing
Even here is that chance but small and contingent,
liable at any moment to be cut off by the "same
desperate will. Sir, I believe I do not err when I
assert that, during this whole session, not a single
bill has been reporttd from the cemmittee to ihe
House that has not at once been subjected to ihe
immediate action of Ihe previous question No,
Mr. Chairman; gentlemen must excuse me. I
cannot consent to waive the present opportunity
for one of such doubtful expediency But I assure
gentlemen tnat I shall detain them but for a mo-
ment.
It has been charged, m some of the Federal
prints of ihe day, against my colleagues and my-
self, that because we voted against this bill we are
opposed to fortifying the country against foreign
invasion It is true, sir, that this charge proceeus
from from a source entitled to but little considera
tion, when the position of those who make it, m re-
gard to this very subject of fortifications, is taken
into view It proceeds from those who steadily,
inflexibly, and must obstinately opposed every ef
fort to fortify the country during the last war, from
those who oppos-d all appropna'ions for the rais-
ing of troops, for the pay ef our soldiers, and the
furnishing of supplies. Ii proceeds from tho e
who discouraged enlistments—wno threwevery ob-
stacle in the way of a successful prosecution of
the war—who ridiculed the struggles ot our army
and navy—who rejoiced at our deteats—and who,
to crown the infamy of their course, united their
efforts to get up the Hartford Convention, to shat-
ter to atoms this noDle Republic. And, si>-, if our
vote upon this bill, in a time of peace, cannot be
justified, how can the course of those men, in a
time of portentous war, when the dark clouds ot
adversity were lowering over our country, admit
of even the slightest palliation? And with what
propriety can they charge upon us, for opposing
this bill, or accuse us of a want of patriotism in so
doing?
But, sir, I pass the charge, and those who have
made it, and proceed to give the reasons for op-
posing the bill. At- or near the commencement of
the present,session, the honotable Secretary of
War sent us his report, by which it appeared that
the appropriations heretofore made by preceding
Congresses had not been expended; and not only
so, but that they would not be expended during
the present year. Congress, by the requirements
of the Constitution, will assemble on the first Moo-
day of December next, months before the spring
works can commence. It is difficult to conce.ve,
then, why these appropriations should be demand-
ed at this extra session. The moneys already ap-
propriated have not been expended, a  this official
report shows They are ndw on hano; nor will
they be expended till after Congress shall be toge-
ther at its next regular session. And yet, sir, by
the provisions of this bill, over two millions oi dol-
lars, which will not be used till next session, are
to be appropriated, and if these amendments suc-
ceed, another half million is f>till to be added. I
ask, then, sir, why these appropriation  at this
time? The money is not wanted—it will not be
used till next year—it cannot be used, without ex-
travagance and profligacy. If needed, it can be
appropriated at ths next session of Congress, long
before it can be expanded, and I look in vain
among the arguments of gentlemen for even a
plausible reason for the pisspge of this bill
Sir, there is another reason for my opposition to
this bill at this extra session You have passed
your loan bill—you have authorized your Secre-
tary of the Treasury to bonow twelve millions of
dollars. Pais this bill and amendments, and you
appropriate two millions and a half, and your
Secre.ary of the Treasury forthwith borrows
this amount to carry out the objects of the bill.
Not only so, but it will be m his power to scatter
it to all the various points of the country where
the money is to be expended, to some forty-five
nlaces, aecordmg to the provisions of the bill,
th*re to he in the hands of disbursing agents, to be
u«ed or dbus d, or lost, perchance, before n can be
expected Sir, I have no doubt that those two
millions and a half would be a very convenient
political fund for partisans at these dif-
ferent points to operate with, at the coming fail
elections. Whether the Secretary of the Treasury
would be very scrupulous in that respect, I do not
pretend to know. Of that I leave the public to
judge from his past political course.
But, sir, in addition to the abuse to which this
money might be put, and the risk which the people
would run in having it transferred from point to
point, and placed in the hands of disbursing agents,
there is another suggestion coniee'ed wi'h it, not
unworthy ot consideration No oorer is this bill
passed than this money is borrowed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Ii canno* be used until the
next ssason—for at least eight month  to come—
and thus s>haU we pay an imerest upon this mo-
ney, for these eight months, amounting to the round
sum of one hundred thousand dollars And this,
ar, for the glorious satisfaction of doing some-
ttvng at this extra session of Congress, called to
' relieve the people "
But, sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fillmohf] who resides at Buffalo, and who has
got an amendment to this bill for fifty thousand
dolkrs, to be expended at that place, very mgem-
uously costends, that we may have war—war with
Great Britain But the gentleman know  full
well that if the appropriation 13 made now, it can-
not be expended till next season. He knows also
that it can just as well be made at the next session
if it shall be found to be needed, as at the present,
and the country suffer m no respect whatever by the
delay, but be the gainer, as I have before shown,
in more ways than one. Still, the genueman, who
is a skilful tactician, and who is, always for strik-
ing when the iron is hot, would no doubt consi-
der it a most desirjible attainment, should he get at
