354
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this extra session fifty thousand dollars for his
flourishing city—and, sir, he very shrewedly talks
about war. But, sir, I can tell the gentleman, from
New York, and the country too, that we shall
have no war with Great Britaia for t< e present
Sir, I assume this position for more re isons than
one. But I am satisfied that so long as tae pre-
sent Secretary of State shall fill the office that he
Bow does, so long as he shall manage our foreign
affairs, and control our foreign negotiations, so
long shall we have peace with Great Bniain. Sir,
this nation will be made te submit to almost any
indignity in the opinion of honorable men, before
that officer will suffer a war with that ccuntry.
Look back to the last war, and see what his course
was then? Sir, the records in this Capitol show
his recorded votes against measure upon measure
which it would be supposed that every patriot
would have most cheerfully supported.
On the 7th January 1S14 one of the darkest periods of the
•war, and after our gallant little navy had covered itself with
f lory, he Toted against an appropriation foi defraying the ex
penses of the navy.
On the 10th, he voted against a proposition moie effectually
to detect ard punish traitois and spies
On the Uth, he voted against a bill making provision to fill
the ranks of the army
On the 22d he vo.ed, in a minority of seven, against a bill
¡authorizing the enlistment of troops foi fiveyeais, 01 dunng
the -war
On the 25th, he voted against a bill forenfotcing the non im
portation laws
On the 8th February, against the bill to raise five legiments
of riflemen
On the 25th March he voted against the bill to rail fotth the
militia, to esecule the laws of the Vmon, and lepe, mvi
sum
On the 1st of December,only a few ilaysbefore the sitting of
the Hartfoid Conve uion, he voted against a bill to ptovide ad
ditional levenue for defraying the expenses of the Government
and maintaining the public credit
On the 10th, he voted to postpone, in lefi iitely, a bill an ho
rizing the president of the United teiatef, to call upon itiesev^
ral States ior their respective quotas of miluia to defend the
frontiers against invasion
On the 13th, he voted against the same bi ¡ Ho ahj voted
against the bill to piovide aldmonal ic*enue loi the suppoit oí
Government and maintain the public credit, tnd  ilso against
AN APPROPRIATION   EOR  KCB1 ILDISG THr  ( APUOt. AtiP PI B
LIC OFFICES WHICH   HAD BLEN DESSThOYED BY THE ENEMY
Such were his votes and such his course when
this, country was engaged in a mo t oesdly struggle
with the English nauon. Nor, sir has >h- public
career since that eventful struggle b°sri m many
respects less exceptionable with íegard to th.it na-
tion. I do not purpose to go into it Wai.y have
charged that he is British in hu feeling , and B .-
tish in iiis principles. But, sir, 1 make no suih
charge My intention is to do him no injustice. 1
sit in judgment upon no man'  motives I speak
only et his public acts They are fan matter of
comment, and, as a public man, he cannut except
to it. Sir, when I look back upon bis p-t t his ory,
when I call to mind his recent couise with
that nation jn regard to the case of McL c< —
when I reflect upon the crouching «er^ility
which is manifested in his mstructii n  to the
Attornsy General in that ca-e—ooi*nng bim
forthwith, in hot haste, to the S ate ot New York,
ihata British "pirate" misht receive no indignity—
1 assure the honorable gentleman from New York,
that so long as he can manage to keep the hono-a-
ble Secretary of State in his, present pi si ion, o
long shall we have no war with Grt.-tt Bruam
American rights may be surrendered and the
American spirit crushed, but there will be no wa ,
and the gentleman need not urge that ¡>s an argu-
ment to obtain his fifty thousand dollars
Mr. Chairman, at a prober time, at the next sea
sion of Congress, I will go with gentlei en into a
lull examination of the details ot this b Í!, and will
rote with them for whatever sums shall Le deemed
necessary for Dutung the country in a propei stic
of defence. Sir, I am not opposed to foi locations.
My constituents aie not opposed to them They
are ready with their money, and, if ne.>d be, with
their men, to defend the right's and hour t of thur
country. But, sir, while they would go as far as
the farthest in this respect, vthile they would jus-
tify their representatives upon this floor m maku g
any appropriations which their judgr.^ nis might
dictate, they would never excts3s th«.m ior vutmg
for an ill-digested, premature, leg rol! r g bill like
the one now under consideration.
Mr. CROSS moved an amendment , ppropnat-
t)g |3i),000 for Port Smith, Arkansas.   Lost.
Mr. OLIVER offered an amendment appropri-
ating $50,000 for Sackett'a Harbor.   Lost.
Ann then the amendments reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means to the amend-
ments of the Senate were agreed to.
And, on motion of Mr. FILLMORE, (for the
purpose of having a vote taken in the House,) the
amendments of the Senate were concurred in.
And the committee rose, and reported the bill
and am nriments to the House.
[A message was received from the President of
th> United States, by the hands of John Tyler,
ji. his Private Secretary informing the Houce that
the President had approved and signed a bill au-
thonzmg the recovery of fines and forfeitures un-
der the charter laws and ordinances of George-
town before justices of the ptace.
Abo, the bill to extend the time for locating
Virginia military land warrants, and returning the
survey? thereon n the General Land Oflice.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, August 20, 1841.
A communication from the Secretary of tie
Treasury conveying a leport from the Comrpis-
siener ot the L?nd Office in answer to a resolution
of the Pénate calling for the rames ot persons 'o
whom jcnp ftr land claims hud been transferred,
was read, requiring time for makm? out the re
turns Th commtin catii n and leooit were or-
dered to be prmtid and laid on the tfble
Mr. BUCHANAN presented « memorial from
the ííoard of Trade in Philadelphia against the
pre eit Bankrupt bill, and in case it should pass
Conert s, suggesting future modifications The
irtmnr ?1 was ordered to b¿ printed and laid on
the table.
The yenaiebill, for the charier of the six banks
of the District of Columbia, with two amendments
from ihe House of Representatives, came up for
concurrence in the srneudmen's
f'r MfcRUiCfC said the amendments were so
obvious y necessary, tlw he hoped her  wouid be
no delay m adniting t iem. O > was to allow tbe
ban h-, 11 issue notes of intermediate denominations
between five and ten d-dlaro; the other was ver-
bal.
Mi BENTON observed that, tr flirg as the Se-
nator from Marylard c< nside'ed tn e amend-
•vni , tiiey just ?mounted to tue same thiig as
i i<3 'u.g ihe barks to issue shnplaiters of auy
iffiourji;-   p'ea e'. He called kr die yeas and
nays
Mr MERRICK felt astonished that gentlemen
on ihe other sid  should persist m charging him
and hu> fnen is wim any ue gnofput onzing these
D oi ict Bark  io issue an uiedectuab currency
of ¡blindasteis—wor h'ess tiash tf , ¡e loroma
tion OiM ■>nd .' fourth en s,and sj L ¡p. There
u<is no utndesgsi—noting in 'ni o" cauiend-
men' j íshfiea t^e ussuinpt on. Tre >t leriy 'o t -
sue n i < ot *  , en n, eigh , or nine dulUrs, w, a
not Oi iiat character—it v as necessary 'o jDan-
teract the issues oi olhei lanks current in th- Dis-
trit i of the s?me denominations
Trie question was then taken on the amend
menu, whi h were concurred in, by a vote of 24
yets, 14 *:?vs a  follow*
YEAS—Messrs Arc'oti, Ba fs,B°riieii, Cb.ots.te,
Clay <f Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Hunting or-, ííer, Margum, Merrick, Millsr,
Morehead, Pneips, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
S,rcruuns, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
{ n Í Wh, c—94
NAYS— *ít srs. Alie", Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
bama, Fulton, L'nn, Mi Roberts, Pierce, Sturgeon,
Tsppar , "'alk"r, Wilhams Y/oodbury, and
Wi &h -14
Mi CALHOUN said tnai he rose to present, by
reauest, the r teiuibie and resolutions of citizens of
the coun*y ot Go'chlard, on the i"npjrtant ques-
ti ns mnich h^ve b:en agitated in the Sena'e cur-
ing ihe present session The resoluuons condemn,
m strong and just term", Bank, Distribution, Ta-
riff, and the tvho'e oi ihat batch ot measures
Among the resolutions, there is one paying a high,
a'id, ia tus opinion, deserved compliment to the
painotic conduct of Mr. Wise, Mr. Hunteb, Mr.
Mallory, and Mr. Gilmer, during the present
session, and another, which warmly approves, m
advance, the veto on the Bank bill. On the last
of these resolution* he hoped he would be permitted
to indulge m a few remarks. He concurred hear-
tily witn the meeting in the approval of the veto.
It wou'd do much good. It has destroyed the
Bank bill, and, he trusted, would prevent the crea-
tion of-any Bank hereafter, which would, indeed,
be a great deliverance. He went farther. He not
only approved of the veto, but concurred with the
President, that in vetoing this bill, with his opi-
nions of the unconstitutionality and inexpediency
of the Bank, long en'ertamed, and often and fully
expressed on many and solemn occasions, he but
perft rmed a high act of duty, both to the Consti-
tution and himseK, for which he is entitled to the
thanks of the country. As an act of justice to
the President, he would go farther—even at tie
hszard of bPing rebustd by tho«e who assumed to
be his mends, as he was when he in erposed in his
favor on a late occasion, and say that the case of
Mr. Madison, in aporoving the Bank bill, is not
at ail similar to his vetoing this, to which the Se-
nator from Kentucky compared it 11 his remarks
yesterday. Itiswe'l known that Mr Madison,
late in lite, gavt m to the most unfortunate and
dangerous doctrine, mat the Supreme Court was
the interpreter of tne Constitution in the last resort.
With this op nton it is not ex'raordmary that he
should feel hunself puihor zid to ppprovc tbe Bank
bill, under 'he f >ree of precedents and the decision
of that Cou t. The case is different with Mr. Ty-
ler It is unders'ood that h- does not agree with
Mr. Madison, as to the autnori'y of the Supreme
Court, m dectd.ng on constitutional questions; and
with this diffeienc, it is not surpris ng that the con-
sutu'iunal sciuples ot the one could be silenced by
the decision of thf court, backed by precedents,
while that of the othei coul I not.
And here he wou'd avail himself of the opportu-
nity to make a few íemarkson 'he veto power. He
did not repaid th't power with the aversion it was
viewed on the opposite side ot the chamber. On
the contrary, according to nis opinion, it was a high
conservative power, intended not only to guard the
rights of th- Executive av\ that reserved by the
Constitution to the States and the people against
the enott)' chment of Congres , but ?lso the weaker
ínteres* of th- community against the oppression
and plunder ot the stronger. It was, in this view,
a high and salutary power, which, from its nature
as a negative power, was almosf incapable of
abuse.
Having now expressed his opinion of the veto,
he (Mr. Calhoun) felt called on, in candor, to
•ay th?t he was not pt' paied to g ve a full appro-
val cf the veto message. There was a part Which
ht d d not oroVs to understand; he alluded to that
wmch spoke iavotably ot the functions of banks
as regulating exchange , but, if the construction
which was intimatea jesterdaym debate, by the
Senator from Kentucky; be tbe one intended by
the President, he would not sive it his approba-
tion. That Senator intimated .hat his fnenos con-
\ itmplated the miroductiou of another Bank bill,
to deal in exciianges, in co.i'orm'ty with what
was. supposed to be the views of the President.
In his opinion, such' a Bank would be every
wav as objectionable as the one which has been
vetu^d He could see no substantia difference
between discounting promissory noies and bills of
exchange, oxcept that m the foimer, the banks were
res'r."u_d by the usury laws of the States where
they weie situated, wbile m the latter th"y were
not. Buthetrustedthattheinterpretation attemp'ed
to be put on this part oí the message was not the
oae ímenaed vy the President, and that if a bill,
MScd ou such consfrucnon, should be pres"S>ted to
him, that the -ame high consideration which con-
trallen him m ve'oing the one which he has, will
as imperiously control bim also in ve omg such a
bill. As to h mself, h  wished to be distinctly un-
derstood, he w„s opposed to the creation of a bank,
or corporation of ?ny forra, as the fiscal ajent of
the Government He believed, however modified,
or wherever located, it would be alike unconstitu-
tional aid inexpedient I, (said Mr. C ) having
now expressed my opinion of the veto, and the mes-
