360
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And so the Senate refused to adjoarn.
Mr, WALKER explained and advocated his
amendment at considerable length, and with great
ab.ltty.
Mr. TALLMADGE observed that the amend-
ment was in principle such as he had always ad-
vocated as the best policy of his own State. He
gave it his hearty support, and would have great
p'easure in voting for it.
Mr. BARROW made a few observations, ob-
jecting to tbe application of the grant to Louisia-
na, which
Mr. WALKER answered by modifying the
amendment as above pnnfed, and,
Mr SsSVI ER having expressed his warm acknow-
ledgments to the Senate* from New York [Mr
Tallmad«e] for h>s liberal views and support of
the ju-t claims of the new States, moved an ad-
journment, which was negatived—yeas 23, nays 27.
Tpp déoste on Mr Waiker's amendment was
then con'inued for at least tv o hours, by Messrs.
WALKER, SMITH of Indiana, MANGUM,
L1NV, WOODBRIDSE, SEVIER, WHITE,
YOUNG   and ALLEN
And t'ie question being taken on the adoption of
th" amendment, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Clay of
A'aoama, Pulton, Linn, Mouton, Pierce, Porter,
Sevier, Talimadge, Walker, Woodbndge, and
Young—14
NAYS—Messrs Bajard, Berrien, Clay of Ken-
tucky, ©a.,too, Dixon, Evans, Gfrahcm, Hunting-
ton, Ker, Mangum, Mernck, Miller, Morehead,
Fae'ps, Premiss, Preston, Rives, Smith of Indi-
ana, Sout sard, and Sturgeon—20
Mr. BE Si ON offered the following amend-
ment:
' Tha t thii ict shall not take effect for the purpose of rl istri
bution until there sh ill be refunded to the public Treasury the
whole amount of moreys paid from the Tieasury ft r the pur
chase of puh¿|c land"*, either from foreign nations, or for the ex
tine ion oí the Indian titles '
Mr SMITH of Indiana 'aid an amer-dment si-
milar in sab-*ance bal been rejected already He,
hn-rever, w< ul ! waive that obj°ction, ard htped it
would t e voted down
M' KENTON' de ired the amen liien' would be
read, wh oh w^s done, .tnd he then showed .' was
rot th° sain" ?« mat offered before He called t r
the yea  andr^ys.
Th> qtits'i n was turn taken, and resulted—
YEAS—Messrs Alien, Benton, Calhoun, Cuth-
bert, Fu'ton, Lirn, McRoberts, Mouton, Ptprce,
Sevier, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright
—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Clay
of Kentucky, Ctajton, Dixon, Evan% Gfrahat ,
Henderson, Huntinnon, Ker, Mangum Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres
ton. Rives, C'n nil of Indiana, Sou hard, Tali-
madge, 5   hite, and Wiodbndge—25
Mr BEN TON said he had another amendment,
which (ad the same object in view, namely, to
keep me gentiamen'o bands as long as possible out
of the custom boo e, for purposes of oistribution
He wou'd call for the yeas and nays on this
amendment too     It was as follows:
Add to 3d sec nn,
' P> o%id°d, Tiatno distribution of money shall be made
under thn ai t while any hlnff la due to the Indian tribes, or
any of them, foi lands putciiascd ofthem "
And th° quest on being taken, resulted—
YEAS— W<kts A 'es, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabara?, Cutbber, Ful'on, Linn, McRoberts,
Mouton, P erc=, Seviei, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury, an 1 Wr g"t—15
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Clay
of Kentucky. CiaUon, Dixon, Evans, Graham,
Henderson, JIunting'on, Kw, MaigtiTi, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps Porter, Prentis-,, Pres-
ton, Rives, S-nith >f In b?n?. Southard, Talimadge,
Whi>->, an i Woodbndg-—25.
Mr BENTON moved to amend the 10th sec-
tion, in m co an attempt had been already mad 
to amend the bill, brn had failed. He moved to
strike out fr m the 10 h line the words "prior trea-
ty " It would be found in the bamboozl ng sec-
tion On this amendment he called for the yeas
and nays.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Linn, Mc-Ro-
berts, Nicholson, Pierce, Porter, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evan ,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tali-
madge, White, and Woodbndge—25.
Mr SEVIER moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following provi-
sions from the bill submitted last session by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr Benton ] viz:
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Representatives
ofthe UnitedStatesof AmericamCongressassembled, That
from and after the passage of this act, every head of a family,
every widow, and every single man over the age of eighteen
years, who shall make a settlement on any of the public lands
to which the Indian title has been, or shall be, extinguished,
whether the same be surveyed or not, or who may have settled
on such land since the thirtieth day of Tune eighteen hundred
and forty one, and who shall inhabit and improve the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, shall be entitled to a pre emption
m the purchase of one quarter section to be paid for at
the minimum puce of such land at the time of paying for the
same
Sec  2   And be it fuither enacted, That wheie the lm
provement and the settlement shall be on different quarter sec
tions, the settler shall make choice of the quarter he will take,
piovided it can be done without prejuaice to the rights of
otheis
Sec 3 And be it further enacted, That where the quantity
ofonehundiedand sixty acres cannot be obtained m one entire
quarter section, the deficiency may be made up out of any con
tiguous vacant ground
Sec 4 And be it further enacted, That in the execution
of this act, and m making up the qumtity of one hundred and
sixty acres where the same cannot be had entire, the entries
may be made m tracts of eighty acres, or forty acres, or m frac
tions and where the fraction shall be more than the quantity
required to complete the pre emption the excess shall be paid
for, and the pre emption right shall extend to the whole frac
tion
Sec 5 And beitfurther enacted, That where two or more
persons shall have settled on the same quaiter section, the same
shall b" divided between them, and the deficiency made up to
each out of the contiguous vacant ground, but no wilful intru
tier on the known claim of another shall be entitled to any bene
fit under this section
Sec 6 And be it further enacted That all legal reservations
of public lands for my purpose whatever, shall be exempted
Irom the operation of thu act so that no right of pre emption
shall accrue on any such reserves
*fc 7  And beit furthei enacted That all questions in lela
tion to pie einption claims, 01 bttween (laimants to the same
quaiter ipction <ihall be settled summaulyand definitively by
the register and lereiver ofthe district, under the instiuction of
the Commissioner ofthe General Land Office
Mr SEVIER made a few remarks in suppoit
of this amendment, on which hs called for the
yeas and naya
And the ques ion being taken on its adoption,
resulted:
NAYS—Messr= Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fnlton, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Ñichohon, Pierce, Sevier, Walker,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16
YEAS—Messrs , Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
MiPgum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,Smith of Indiana,
Southard. Tallin tdge, White, and Woodbndge
—26.
Mr McROSERTS offered an amendment, the
purport of which was understood by the Reporter
to be, that the distribution to the States should be
apportioned at any time required in the ratio of
the then exis'mg census, as ascertained by the re-
turns made by the Governors ofthe respectue
States
Mr McR. expla ned th" object of the amend-
ment, and showed that if it was not adopted, some
of the new S'aie, would not be in receipt of half
their just proportions for some years before the
next gener.l census would be taken. Oa this
amend nent h  demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr ALLEN advocated the amendment n a
speech of great power, during hilf an hour
Mr BENTON observed, that the night being
far advanced, he would move an adjournment,
on which he called for the yeas and nays
And the question being taken on tre notion to
adjourn, resulted
YEAS—Messrs Alien, Benton, Ca'houn, Clay
of A'abama, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts,
Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Rives, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Walker, Williams, Woodbndge, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choale, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pieston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Talimadge, and
White—23.
And so the Senate refused  to adjourn.
Mr. BENTON moved a call of the House, and
called for the yeas and nays, and the question be-
ing taken, resulted —yeas 22, nays 27.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that this was truly a
novel scene. He kne,w of no amendments offered
from this side of the House, that were not offered
in good faiih and for the obvious improvement of
the bill. Now, when the amendments were nearly
through, he and his friends only asked for time to
express their sentiments on the general principles
of the measure. The gentlemen opposite say "no,
we will hold on and vote down your amendments,
and admit of no debate." Very well; he would
say to his friends hold on, too, and never surrender
your rights for any personal inconvenience. You
have as much physical strength to resist oppres-
sion as they have to impose it. And he would
now tell the gentlemen opposite, that th« longer
they kept the Senate in session, after the usual
hour, the more they would cau«e lh« attention of
the people to be roused as to the means by which
they were carrying their measure . The gentle-
men themselves had every thing to lose—the op-
position, nothing. It is in vain to attempt to gag
the opposition in this way; it must and shall have
a patient hearing. That was all it claimed There
was no intention to consume time. Let an ad-
journment take place, with the undeistandmg that
the Sena"e would go out of committee in the morn-
ing, and take the vo e on the amendments. That
could be done by 12 o'c ock to-morrow.
Mr MANGUM observed that it was not the in-
tention of his side of the House to prevent the gen-
tlemen opposite from offering their views on the
bill. It bad been under discussion m that chamber
for more than a fortnight, and he would appeal to
the gentlemen themselves to say, if he and his
friends had not sat most patiently bsiemrg to the
denunciations of a measure winch they believed
necessary for the good of the country'' Thecourse
adopted by big friends was to let iheir measures go
before the people as a set off against ¡he denuncia-
tions of the opposition. The people would have
the measures to contrast wiih the gentlemen's ar-
guments, and certainly the Senators ought not to
complain, if they had any faith in their own argu-
ments It was not twenty minutes since an over
ture was made to let the bill be jeported from the
committee, and the Senate would then adjourn If
other am ndroents were Reeessary, they could be
offered when Ihe bilí again came up.
Mr. KING thought the honorable Senator from
North Carolina had not stated the overture co'-
r ctly.
Mr MANGUM insisted that he had stated it
correctly
Mr. KING abserved that his understanding of
it was this: his friend irom Virginia had come over
to him, and stated that all the amendments that
were to be made should be gone through 'o-mght.
He, (Mr. Kino,) in reply, «aid, that on the part of
his friends, he would consent that the bill might
be reported from the committee, but whatever
amendments had yet to be made should come up
when the bill was again before the Senate. He
had said he did not know of more than one or
two amerdments that would hereafter be offered.
He would confine himself to one Tbe gentlemen
talk of their great forbearance rnd s lerce on the
subject of this bill, but over ook the longest «peech
made by any Senator since it was introduced, that
of the chairman of the Comtmtt ee who re-
ported it. The amendments offered by him and
his frends were important, and no more time was
expended on them than nece-sary m vindication
of their importance. Why did gentlemen I ring
forward such reckless and dangerous measures as
demanded vigorous opposition'? Why did ihey
place themselves in the position of having all their
measures questioned and scrutinized? Is it come
to this, that the representatives of sovereign States
shall be silenced by a physical majority?    That
