364
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendments that they might be laid before tbe
members of the House. And then, as soon as
that was done, he would ask the House to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Stale of the Union
for the purpose of taking up the subject.
Mr. WISE rose and expressed his wish that, be-
fore any action should be taken on the amend
ments, the gintleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ser-
geant] would state the contents of them as briefly
and succinctly as be could.
Mr. GILMER rose, he said, merely to ask that
the amendments might be read before they were
ordered to be printed. He would then be very
glad to hear any explanation the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Sehueant] might think proper
to make.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said that it would be
necessary lo read the bill and amendments from
beginning to end, before ordering the amendments
to be printed.
The Clerk then read bill No 14, wi'h the amend-
ments proposed by Mr. Sergeant.
Mr SERGEANT said that, as several inquiries
had been made nf him with regard to this bill, he
would now proofed to make a short statement, to
show in what respects it differed from ihat recently
before this House. Hs would say, first, that thsre
were two or three verbal errors m this bill, and
there were words, in two or three places, wmeh he
thought had better have leen left our, and which
were intended to have been omitted by the com-
mutes. There were several gentlemen in the pre-
sent Congress who entertained extreme hostility to
the word "Bank," and, as far a* he was concern-
ed, he felt every disposition to indulge their feel-
ings; and he had therefore endeavored throuthout
this bill to avoid using the word "Bank " If that
word any where remained as applicable to the bp-
ing it was proposed to create by this law, let it go
out—let it go out. Now the word "corporation"
sounded well, (laughter,) and he was glad to per-
ceive 1! gave pleasure to the House. At all even s,
they had a new word to fight agairst. Now the
difference between tin. bill and that which passed
this House some days ago, would be seen by com
panson. The pissent d ffered /rom lh' o her prin-
cipally in three or four particulars, and there were
some other pans of the bill which varied, in minor
particulars, from that winch had been before the
House a lew days ago. Those djffeiences gentle-
men would have no difficulty in discovering and
understanding when the bill should have been pant-
ed. He would now proceed to answer tbe inquiries
of gentlemen in refeience to this bill. Mr. S. then
stated the following as the ^ubstfniial points oL dif-
ference between the two b II
1.  The capital in the /ormer bill w.-s thirtv mil-
lions, with power to extend it  o h ymnlims In
this bill twenty-one milh >ns, which power to ex
tend it to thirty-five mdlions
2.  The tormer bill provid d for offices of dis-
count and deposite. In ¡b -t there are to be agen
cíes only.
3.  Tne dealings of tne Corporation are to be
confined to buying and selling foreign bids of ex-
change, including bills drawn m one State or Tt r-
ritory, and payable m another. Taere arp to be
no discount.
4   The title of the Corporatio t is changed.
Mr PROFPir berg^d 'o be {-"'mit'ed toast,
whether the absent of the S atrs was to be asked
before the establishment of ?genci°s wi'hm then
lima , but he was roared down I y cries of ' O-
dcr," ' Order, ' ' Order."
Mr WISE raised ibe point of order that this
bill was, m sub-tanoe, ih° sam- as that which had
yesterday been rejected, and th?t ¡t c mid not,
therefore, be takefrup, otbeiwise the constitution,* Í
provision might thus be evaded.
Afier some conversation, the CHAiRMATSr
overruled tbe objection, on the ground tha' in."
measures were not the Sime, though puts of th'tn
might be similar.
No appeal liemg taken, the mo ion of Mr Seb-
qeant was pat, and agreed to
And the committee rose and reported progress on
the bill.
Mr. SERGEANT moved that the amendment
effered by him in committee be printed.
Mi. WILLIAMS of Maryland moved to amend
that amendment by adding, "and that every part
of the amendments which is not literally contained
in the original bill proposed to be struck out, shall
be printed m italics "
Mr WISE moved to amend the amendmeit by
adding, "and that the veto message be printed for
the use of the members of this House."
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS said that the House
had not got the veto messaae, and could not, there-
fore, order the pnntm  of it
And the SPEAKER so decided-
After some conversation, Mr. W. C. JOHN-
SON moved the previous question on the motion
to print.
And there was a second.
And the mam questioa (being on tbe printing1)
was ordered to be taken.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was voted
down.
And the motion of Mr. Sfrgiant was agreed
to.
So the amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRONSONof Maine moved a reconnlera-
tion of the vote of yesterday by which the accounts
for the funeral expenses of the late President of
the United States, Wm. H. Harrison, had been
ordered to be printed.
Mr STANLY moved the previous questios;
pending wis ch,
Ths House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 21,1841.
Mr. RIVES presented  the plan of Alexander
Hamilton for a fiscal agency, which was laid on the
tabte and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial fr< n cti-
?ens of Lynchburg, remonstrating against the pas-
sag; of any bankrupt law; which was laid on Ihe
table.
Mr TALLMADGE prc-en'ed a memorial from
citizens of New Yoik, in favor of a bapkrupt law,
wh'oh was laid on the table.
Mr PRESTON, from the Comrm'fec on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the bill making appr^pna
turns (or fortifications and the suppression of Indian
hos'iluies, which had been amended in the Hou^e.
The bill was laid on the tabic.
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, mtro?ueed a j}int re-
solution to adjourn Congres., on Monday, th  30 h
August; which was real, and ordered to ? sicond
reading.
Tht resolu ion submit'ed by Mr. Li*in, request-
lig the President to give notice to the Urn sh Go-
vernment, under the convention of 1827, (or the
joint occupAUon of Oregon, &e. v as then taken
up
Mr MOREHEAD said there was one subject of
i rt it importance connect'd wi'h this nn"er,
wnch, st f prop r time, he meant to submit Hp
thougoi our Indian re'ations were beconvig of
mere and mme interest every day, and would re-
quire a separate and distinct department of the
Governn ent, in order that they migh b" exten-
sively and vanouslj conside ed.
Mr. M moved to amend the resolution so &s to
hrect ihe Committee on Foreign Relations " o m-
qaire into the expediency of requests the Pres -
dent;" which bavin  been acquiesced m by Mr.
Livh,  a> agreed to, and th- resolution was
adopted
DISTRIBUTION BILL
The Serale then p'oceeded to the ronsidera'ion
of the general crder, being the bill to di-inbu'e tbe
proreeds o' the pnbl e lards among th   Sutes
Mr SMITH oi Indiana, after reftrrmg t> the
disagreeab'e length of yes'erdij 's session, pr* posed
that the amendu en's should be e t 'hrpufh with as
little delav a possibe, that he wruli th^n move
that the amendmen s shou'd re en^ro-s^-d, and or-
dered to be printed, and that then in  qwsiian
wtulri come up on Monday on the engrossment of
the bill, when gertl men would have a full oppor-
tunity of exprés* ng 'heir tmnions on tb« rents of
the bill.
Mr. KING considered this proposition as fair,
proper, and liberal, it was what he himself ha i
proposed at 5 o'clock yesterday, and what he and
his friends had been ready, at any time, lo accede
to.
The bill was then taken up, the question pend-
mg being on the amendment of Mr. McRoberts,
(which was pending when the Senate adjourned
yesterday) to adapt the amount of proceeds to be
given to the States, to the increase or diminution
of their population.
Mr. McR. said that the Federal census was
taken but once in every ten years. Now, within
the next ten years there would be three or four new
States admitted into the Union. In the new-States
a census was taken every five years. And his
amendment proposed that, on receiving a copy of
the census taken under Stats authority, certified by
the Governor of the State, the Secretary of the
Treasury should distribute to said State theialable
portion to which she was entitled by the provisions
of this bill.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was disagreed to—a>es 13, noes 26.
Ko other amendments being propced, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the question on
concurring in the amendments of the committee,
coming up—
Mr. CLAY of Alabama suggested that the ques-
tion be taken on tbe amendments collectively.
Mr. EVANS wished to except the amendment
respecting the 2 per cent funds of the Stales of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama.
Mr. WALKER then asked ihat the question be
separately taken on each amendment, by ayes and
noes.
After some remarks by Mr. BUCHANAN and
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, asserting the justice of
the claims of the two States, and the propriety of
•■etthng it in tnis bill, Mr. EVANS withdrew his
proposition.
Mr. PRENTISS hoped the amendments would
be lead over by the Secretary; wtie1  was accord-
ingly ordered.
The Secretary then proceeded to read the amend-
ments marie as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BERRIEN offered the following amend-
ment
"Proiided, also, That if the rate of duty on im-
ported articles shall be so regulated by law as af-
ter the 20 h June, J 842, to increase said rate of
duty beyond 20 per cent, ad valorem, to be com-
puted according to ¡he provisions of the act of 2 I
March, 1833, the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands provided 1or by this act shall
ceas" during the existence of such rate of duty, anj
shall be renewed whenevei such rate of duty shall
be reduced to 20 per cent, unless prohibited by the
other provisions of this act'
Mi BENTON was opposed to 'egi lation by
Cocgresi tor hamp«*img itsplf Her was a pro-
posi ion which left it m doubt, whether it was in-
tended oy it that articles of every kind, or of any
kind, were to b" limited to twenty per cent, duty,
or whether an aggregate was to be taken, allowing
some to bs thirty per cent and some ten or some
forty, and oth rs tree. He w s oppowd to the
amendment a~ well as to the whole bill.
Mr KING thought that the amendment merely
said, in effect, that if the compromise act should
be departe t from, then the distribution of the lands
must cea= , and i'an amount of duty beyond
iwan'y per cent be levied, then 'he lands should be
•hrown into the Tre.vuiv.
Mr BATES sa d tht amendment of the Sena-
tor from Georeia made the distr button depeident
on the use and fall o* 'he Treasury thprmom ter.
But he Old not cens dor that tVre was gny con-
nection between the eormiomise act and the pub-
lic land*, and !.e did pot ehoose to consider one as
dependent upon the other, ^ut as separa e and dis-
tinct.   He w?s, therefore, opp sel to i'.
Mr. BKRRIEN differed from the Senator, and
cons dercd that, si hou?h the compromise act and
this bill were disunc n ihe.r legal provisions, they
run into the same confequenc s; and hence it was
that he hid offered h s amendment
Mr M4NGUM said he had voted against this
amendment ys terday, believing no specific limita-
tion was mentioned. That has been now explain-
ed; and, conceiving the amendment would be of
no practical consequence, one way or other, as the
