compromise act most be referred to for its own
exposition, he would vote with his friend from
Georgia
Mr. WALKER said it was asserted by the gen-
tlemen on all sides that they were opposed to vio-
lating the compromise act; then why pass a bill
which will inevitably lead to its violation? What
would be the consequence of voting down this
amendment? It would be considered as a solemn-
ly recorded opinion of the Senate that though by
carrying out this act, you will be compelled 10 vio-
late the compromise act, yet it will be carried out
notwithstanding such violation.
Mr. ARCHER was in favor of the amendment,
and he informed those Senators who were ihe
friends of the bill, that if they wished its passage,
they must adopt thib amendment. He spoke by
authority when he said so It they rejected the
amendment they defeated the bill, and the odium
would be ujwn their ownheid 
Mr. BA FES said he acted here on his re-ponsi-
bihty, and was prepared to take the responsibility,
and incur the odium of his acts, but for this amend-
ment, pass the bill or reject the bill, he would not
vote.
Mr BENTON thought that the tff-ctof the
amendment id its present shape, would be to de-
stroy all discrimination in levying dimes Articles
of prime necessity, such as salt, sugar, coffee, mo-
lasses, would be taxed at the same rates as wines,
spices, perfumeries, and othei articles of luxury.
To this he was utterly oppoied.
Mr. WHITE was struck with surprise at the
introduction ot th s amendment He protested
against being called upon to ratify an act ot a
former Congress, which stands like any other law
upon our statute book. If what was =aid by the Se-
nator from Virginia on one side be true, that the re-
jection of this amendment will occasion the loss of
the bill, on the oiher Mde, its adoption wi.l utterly
astound the friends ot the bill For one, he wouli
almost rather lose the bill than pa*s it with the
amendment.
Mr. ARCHER briefly renlied to Mr  White
Mr. MOREHEAD regarded this amendment as
nugatory, and as the consequence of its r jectio'i
would be the loss ot the bill, he should vote
for it.
Mr. PRESTON trusted that the friends of the
bill, who were now about passing it, would accept
the amendment.
Mr PBENTI8S said, though he was a friend of
the bill, he must go against the amendment.
Mr BAYARD would veta for the amendment
in order lo gratify a number of the fnei da of the
bill, who wished to express their opinions m this
form, without considering himself precluded from
taking hereafter any course m relation to the com-
promise set which he muht deem proper.
Mr. RIVES though* tie amendnien" m lis pre-
sent shape might be liable 'o misconception The
"rate ot duty on «¡portel articles" trngnt becm
stiued to mean the «iveiage rale of duties, so ^hat
some <utides imported might pay a duty ot five per
cent, while o hers would have 10 pay thirty five
per cent. Thus, a duty of five pet cent. mts>ht be
levied on articles consumed by manufacturer , £.nd
a duty of ihiny-hveper cent, on articles of the same
value of their manuiacture, and the duties on both
together would, on an averag , only be twenty per
cent —and yet the articles sold by the manufactu-
rer wculd be protected by a duty of thirty-five per
cent, and the articles consumed by him would be
taxed by a duty ot five per cent. In this way the
spirit ot the compromise act would be effectually
evaded, and a course of policy adopted so injurious
and oppressive to the South as to reprodoce those
dissensions whicu the paisage of that act had so
happily allaved.
Mr BERRIEN disclaimed having any such in-
tention, and thought that the Senator from Virgi-
nia had mistaken the scope of his amendment.
Mr. RIVES thought that to avoid all misunder-
standing hereaiter, as to the meaning of the amend-
ment, it would be better to be a little more expli-
cit, and for this purpose he would suggest the fol-
lowing modification ot the amendment: to strike
out all after the word "Provided," to 1833, inclu-
sive, and insert—"That if a higher duty than 20
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
per cent, as established by the act of the 2d March,
1833, shall be laid on any articles to be levied af-
ter the 30th of June, 1842"
Mr. MERRICK said he never would vote for
the amendment, if it was so modified. It might be
necessary to raise duties on certain articles by way
of retaliation for onerous dutws levied on our pro-
ducts in foreign nations.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he would not have
said a word on this amendment, but for the modi-
fication proposed by the Senator from Virginia.
He would not say that he would vote a¿ amst the
bill if it was incorporated into it, but he would vote
against the amendment if it was so mo titled.
Mr. KING said, if this amendment was not in-
tended to ratan what was suggested by the proposi-
tion of Ihe Senator from Virginia, it w ?s not worth
a fig. What did the South gam b y it, if it did
not? There was a good deal of « arlatamsm in
this, and if there was any mtentiofi to evade the
spirit of the amendment by its r>hraseology, he
would consider it not worth ha?;ysg, and would
vote against it. He wanted gentlemen to show
their hands on this subject The South had faith-
fully observed the compromise ad, while the
Nonh was reaping its advantages, and they de-
sired to know whether its violation was now con-
templated. He would say, in advance, that he was
wiping tu give the manfacturers of the country all
the encouragement under 20 per cent, which dis-
criminate n w thin that sphere will afford them;
but beyond that he would not go.
Mr. MERRICK said he was willing to show his
hand. He was for observing the compromise act,
but he was not willing to tie his hands on the sub-
ject of retaliatory duties.
Mr. BERRIEN was sorry that hts amendment
should be jeoparded by the proposed modificaron
of the Senator from Virginia, as he thought the
amendment was wholly sufficient. H*> was op-
posed to restuctmg the action ot Congress as pro-
posed by tne Senator from Virginia, as duties
higher than 80 percent, might be necessary tor
purposes of retaliation. He proposed to the Sena-
tor from Virginia to introduce into amendment of-
fered by him (Mr. B ) the word , "for purposes of
revenue "    Would mat suit his views?
Mr. RIVES expressed his dissent.
Mr BERRIEN then proposed that it should be
added to the modificaron which the Senator from
Virginia had suggested
Mr. RIVESstill dissented The compromise act
was explicit that no duty should be raised on any
article for any purpose above 20 per cent. The
stipulation is imperative He and the other
Southern Senator, had an interest in preserving
ihe compromise act inviolate under all circum-
stances; and under no olher aspect would he
consider the ami-nlment of the slightest value.
Mr. BERRIEN sa d the Senator from Virginia
had refetred to the compromise act. He would
refer h m to the history of the encumstances a 
tendm; Us passage. That Senator, myell, and
all other Southern Sena ois, are interested m pre-
ser/wg the compact, but an attempt to extend it
bejorni us legitimate operan  n, wa> the mo>t cer-
tain way of depriving the Sout i o. its benefits. He
desired to preserve the compromise act, but for
tnio purpose he wished to restrict it in such bounds
as would reiiuer it sacred in the eyes of Northern
Senators
Mr. CLAY of Alabama did not consider that
the authors of the tompromue intended tiut the
duties on all articles, such as sugar, fait, &c
s iould come up to 20 per cent, but that it should
be the maxmum which would be laid o¡. any arti-
cle. As to retaliatory dunes, it was the last sjs
tern be wished to see this Government embaiked
in. He « as glad the Senator from Virginia had
called their attention to the amendment, as without
the modification proposed by him it was not worth
anything. He hoped that the modification would
be adopted, or that the amendment would be
voted down.
Mr. WOODBURY said, that the amendment
was necessary, without any exception, either for
revenue, protection, or retaliation; else all the
limitations in the compromise act would prove ut-
terly worthless.
365
If you allowed duties to go above twenty p'er
cent, for revenue, which might be done if needed
for an economical adminwlration of the Government,
but not otherwise, most assuredly, the distribution
ot the proceeds of the public lands ought there-to
stop. You should then, at all events, apply<those
proceeds to the diminution oí the public burthens
imposed by the General Government, rather tbfSn.
let the tariff be augmented>again to 25, 30, or 50
per cent This seemed to be almost conceded on
every side. Next, let me ask, would you allow
the duties to be raised above twenty per cent, for
mere protection and not for revenue? Did the
compromise sanction that? Or did common
sense or sound political economy sanction it?
Certainly not. If, then, an exigency should ever
arise where more than twenty per cent, is de-
manded for protection, let the distribution at once
halt, in order that the community may be relieved
from greater taxation or other unprotected articles,
and the Treasury be supplied in part by the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands.
But, again, gentlemen seem much alarmed,
provided the tariff is not allowed to be raised
above twenty per cent, for retaliation, if not for
protection. Doubtful in utility as the system of
retaliation may be in its operation, I am not one
of these disposed to disarm Congress of the power
to retaliate by very high duties, whenever it shall
appear to be demanded by self respect as a nation,
or by signal mjusace persevenngly practised on us
by others. This last amendment, however, takes
away no such authority. But it merely provides,
that if you raise duties above twenty peí cent, for
any, even such retaliatory purposs, you shall at
the same time suspend the distribution; because
you impose very high duties on some articles,
which are intended as in a degree prohibitory, and
shall, therefore, make up from the lands any defi-
ciency of revenue likely to be caused by such a
policy. It must be remembered, likewise, that un-
less this course be adopted, ard an increase of du-
ties for retaliation, as well as protection, be ac-
companied by a suspension of the distribution, all
kinds of imposition can be practised, and the spirit
of the compromise violated daily with perfect impu-
nity; because, if retaliation lo any and every extent
is permitted, without any stoppage of the distribu-
tion, every increase of duly will be proposed and
defended on the ground ot retaliation alone. The
principle of the retaliatory system does not require
vou to impose a higher duty on the same article;
for, taking tobacco as an instance, we may wish
only to export and not to import it. Hence an un-
justly high duty on that article by some Govern-
ments on the continent of Europe would be reta-
lta'ed here, not by a higher duty hereon tobacco,
hut on wines, or silks, or linens, or hemp, or iron.
In ¡ hort, it would be on something to reach some
of our imports from the territory of that Govern-
ment. So if our gram is highly taxed, so as to be
¡¿early ex-luded iro<r England, we would place a
ret<ih<<ioiy duty, not on grain, which we seldom
in poi t irom any ot hei dependent íes, but on cot-
ton^, woollens, iron, or something else which she
produces largely. Do not Southern gentlemen see
that in this way, when protection and only protec-
tion was nweded on some article imported from
some foieign country, that article would be seized
on and taxed highly under the pretended ground of
retaliation? There will a'ways be occasions enough
fe r such disguises. Do not all see, too, that if per-
misión is granted to raice the tariff high for either
protection or reialiation, but not for revenue, with-
out stopp.ng the distribution, every increase of
the tariff would be called an increase for protec-
tion, if not for retaliation?
The difficulties and embarrassment , not to say
fraud , would, in. this system, be numberless. The
whole compromise would be overriden; and, how-
ever heavy our burdens might become, they would,
m such an event, never be be denominated taxes
for revenue.
How stands the original amendment, then?
Does it require this additional clause to prevent
evasions, and without any exceptions that might
open the door to a host of impositions? Most
surely. Why, sir, the original amendment woiild
allow increases in the tanfl, though not needed fqr
