CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           S6f
Mr. PROFFIT inquired if it would be in order
<      to amend the resolution by adding, "and that the
gentleman shall also nominate who shall be allow-
ed to speak."
The SPEAKER said that the motion was to lay
the resolution on the table, and that no amend-
ment was in order to that motion.
Mr. SERGEAN i then modified his resolution
so as to substitute "Monday" instead of "Satur-
day" at 4 o'clock.
And the question on the motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table was then taken and decided in
ths negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs \rnri£ton, Atherton Banks, Beeson,Bidtack,
Borden, Bowne, Boyd, litisgs, Aaron \ Blown Charles Brown,
Burke, William O Butler Green W Caldwell Patncfe C
Caldwell, John Campbell Caiy, Clifford, Clinton, Coles Daniel,
Richard 1> Davis Dean, Hoan, Doig, Eastimn, John C
Elwards Feins, John C Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Geny,
Gilmer, W O Goode Goidon, Gubtme, Hall, Hams, John
Hastings, Hays Holmes, Hopkins, Houok, Houston, Hubaid,
Hunter Inseisoil William W Irwin lack, Cave Johnoon,
John W Jone , Keim Andrew Kennedy, I utlefield, Abraham
McClellan, Robeu Mi C ellin McKay Malloiy, Marchand,
T F Marshall Mathews M<>dili Miller, Newhard Palmen
ter,Pickens Plumtr Promt Reding, Rnett Risgs Roosevelt,
Sanlord, Shaw, Shields sslade, Sryder Steenrod ^weney,
Turney, Van Binen, Waid, Wattersan, Wetlel, Wcstbrook,
James W    Williams   Wise and W sod—87
NAYS—Messi  Adams Allen, J W Andiews S J An
drews, Arnold, Ayeii^e Babootk, Baker Bunaid Bndseye,
Black, Blair, ii itf*=i Brockvvay, Bron=on, teiemiah Riown,
Wm Butler, W B Campbell, T ) Campbell, Carutheis,
John C Claik Slaley N Claik, Cowen, Cranston ( ravens,
G Divjs William C Dawson, Debeny John Edwards,
Everett Fessenden, Fillmore A L tostel Thomas F I us
ter, Gamble Gently, Goggm, P G Goode, Green, Greig, Ha
bersham, Halbtead, Willi un S Hastings Henry, Hudson,
Hunt, James Irvm, T-imes, Willnm Cost Johnson, Isnc D
iones, John P Kennedy King, Lane, Lawrence Linn, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Matt! c lib Maxwell, iMaynaid Moore Moisan,
Monow, Moms, Nisbct, Osborne Owbiey Peaice Pendleton,
Pow 11 Ransey Bcniamin Raiidall Alexandet Randall, Ran
doloh, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodn y, Ru&sell, baltonstall, Ser
geant, ¡sheppeld, "3 montón, South, Solleis, Sprigs Stanly,
titration A H H ^'uarl TolmT Stuart, Summers Tahafeno,
John B Thompson Richard W lhompson, Tillmghait To
land, lomlmson, Tnplett, Trumbull, I ndetwood, Wallace,
Warren, Washir - >n, J L W lute T W W hite, Lewib Wil
Uams C H Williams, J L Williams, Winthrop Yoike,
and John Young— 110
So the resjlution was not ia,d on the table.
And the qaestion recurring on the demand for
the previous, question, there «at, a second.
And the mam question (b< ing on ihe adopuon
of the resolution) was ordered to be taken.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON dsked to be excused
from votmg. The bill, he said, wa3 a new bill,
and had butjust been lail on ihe tables of mem
bers, and it was impossible for him, if the resolu
tion was adopted, io do justice to hib conuimems,
to the country, or to himself He hoped tne House
would excuse him, and he hoped that no true De-
mocrat would record his vote on a proposition of
this kind. If the minority had not nghls en that
floor—
Mr J was called to order, and some confusion
followed
A motion was made that Mr J. have leave to
proceed.
Tne yeas and najs were asked and ordered, and,
being úkín, were— eas 103, nays 84,
So Mr J. was allowed to proceed.
After a le«   further remarks from Mr. J   ihe
quejón was  taken, and tne House refused to ex-
cuse him liooi voting.
Whin the raw ot Mr.TRIPLETT%„s called,
that gentleman rose and desired to ask the gentle
man trom Tennessee [Mr Caví. Johnson] whe-
ther he had not voted foi a gag-law m tne New
Jersey case, when there was \v* imony to be exa-
mined to the extent oí 700 printed page*?
[Loud cries to order ] dues i< n not answered.
Mr CHARLES BROWN < f Pennsylvania now
rose to give hib reasons foi not voting upon the re-
solution He had no hmg to ask from the cour-
tesy of the House He did not wi«h 'o be pla< ed in
a fahe position He had heard no napropcr debatr
jet upon the "Fiscal Corporation," nor could he
tell, un al the debate proceeded, wnether he wouli
or would not lake the bill out of committee on
Monday afternoon.
He askea 'o be excused from voting on the resc-
indo i, tor reasons which be Trould give, if allowed.
Tne bill, which ihe resolution, as at first offered
by the gentleman from Pmladuphia [Mr Ser-
geant] proposed to stop all discussion upon at
4 o'clock this afternoon, and which is now modi-
fied so as to extend it one day longer, was only
laid upon their desks about half an hour before—
not ten minutes preceding the resolution prescribing
the time when it was to be vetfd upon, and this
bill contained thirty-eight pages.   No one had had
an opportunity to read it, or knew  what were its
provisions    It waw said to be a new measure—the
creation of a new speciet of institution, a Fiscal Cor
poratvm, hitherto entirely unknown in this country,
either in State legislation or that of this Govern-
ment    How, then, can any member now, before
he reads it, before he knows what it is, or what it is
not, say ihat he will be fully prepared ¡o give his
final vote upon it one or two days     Why should
he be made to say, before the discission h?s been be-
gun, before the first word is spoken, or  even the
bill l'self brought under ihe consideration of ihe
House, that he v ill, at a particular hour and mi-
nute, rote upon it.    Can aay one tell now that he
will then have fully examined,  not only the bill,
long as it is, but all the amendments that may be
offered to it'   They might as well have been a'ked
to vo'eon the bill jesterday, before they saw it, or
on any odvr bill that the m? jonty might intr oJuce, at
any time be'ore they were seen or known.    It was
absurd to a<k any one thus to commit himself, and
no one could or would do Uunlpss forced so to do,
who h lipved  himself to  be a being capable of
lrasomng and judging, and had the perceptions and
facul'ies usually bestowed upon man.   The ma-
jority, said Mr. B. could finish the delate at any
time they pleased; and if he found that it was un-
piofitabl  or unnecessary at any time, he would
vote for its closing; but if it was calculated to en-
lighten ire minds of members, to make the bill
better, or better understood, it ought not to be
supped at any given moment.   If the bill was to
be debated or passed upon as a measure of legis-
lation affecting the people of the United Slates, it
ought to be well considered; but if it was merely,
as was said, or supposed to be,a measure to "head
Cap'am Tiler"—
The SPEAKER called Mr Brown to order, be-
cause he alluded 'o Captam Tyler, a high func-
tionary of the country.
Mr. HOLMES of South Carolina propounded
ihe question to the Caair, whether a captain was
ahi°h functiomrv, although a general might be.
Mr. BROWN ¡¡aid a Captam Tyler commanded
a canal boat ihat sailed from Philadelphia to Pitts
bur?.    He knew no other captain of that name.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved that Mr. Brown be per-
muted to proceed morder.
Mr. ARNOLD asked the yeas and nays, and
they were ordeied, and were—yeas 99, nays 91
Mr. BROWN, therefore, continued his remarks.
He said he did not intend any dtsrpspeet to the
high functionary as assumed by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER said he had called U>e r/entle-
man to order for irrelevancy, and not foi dtcrespect
Mr BROWN said he vas glad of it, for, as. at
present advised, the high lunctionary alluded to
stood «econd ¡o no man in hib opinion.
Mr Bbcwn was called to order.
Mr RROvVN «aid if gentlemen would tell him
u hat he could say, and be in order, he would be
obliged to them When he was stopped he was
ende?voririg to show to the Hruse 'hat he could
not, know nglj or cor^o tntirmsly, v< te on the re-
solution, because, he did not know, n d could not
foresee, lihat course ihe debite would take—whht
was or mig'-t be shown to be the character cf the
bill, or of 'he araendmenb that migHt be offeied
He said that if the bill was a bona fide
measure of legislation to be passpd imo a
Uv?, to last for iwenty year'—to do all the
g od assumed by iu> mends, or the evil predicted
by its opp< nents—to afftct his cons iiuen s aiid ih 
county lor weal and for wo, it could nrt be ma-
tured in iwu uays, and, m this view of th* subject,
he would vote against the resolution But if v was
a measure mer ly to try the strength or deve'ope
the character oí frac ^ons of the domina t parti,
and the debate should be one of a meif political
pariy broil, he migDt be disposed k stop it oor,
for be could not agree that his time
should be wasted, and th  money of the country
expended to promote the vicwo of any political par-
ty or ambitious demagogue. It might turn out to
be a war between the Administration  proper, at
the other end of the avenue, and the Atlmimstia-
tion improper, at this end of the avenue; and there
was abundant evidence that this was the only Ob-
ject of the bill.   In this view ot the subject he—
The SPEAKER called Mr. B. to order for irre-
leAancy.
Mr BROWN said, if the Speaker would tell him
what would be in order, he would try to keep in or-
der. He was giving his reasons for desiring to be
excused, and he thought it was for the House to
consider ihe relevancy, not the Speaker.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must take his seat.
Mr. HOPKINS of Virginia moved that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania have leave to proceed w
order.
The SPEAKER said he would entertain no mo-
tion m behalf ihe gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buown] until he obeyed the order of the
House by taking his seat."
Mr. B then «at down
The yeas. ¡>nd nays were asked and ordered on
the irrouon that Mr B. have leave to proceed; and,
being taken, were—yeas 84, nays 106.
So Mr, B was not allowed to proceed.
Mr. BROWN said he would excuse himself
when the time came.
Mr. RHETT of South Carolina, now rose to
offer his reasons for asking to be excused from
voting. He did so with ail respect to the House;
and, lest he should forget himself in the excitement
of the time, he had written them down, and asked
the House to permit him to put them, upon the
journal    His reasons were:
1. Became the rule by which the resolution is
proposed is a violation ot the spirit of the Consti-
tution of the United States, which declare ihat the
freedom of speech and of the press ¡.hall not be
abridged by any law of Congress.
2   Because it destroys the character of this body
as a deliberative assembly a right to deliberate and
discuss measures being no longer in Congress,
but with the majority only.
3    Because it is a violation of the rights of the
people of the United States, through their Repre-
sentatives, inherited from their ancestors, and en-
joyed and practised time immemorial, to speak to
the taxes imposed on them, when faxes are im-
posed
4   Because, by the said rule, a bill may be ta-
ken up in Committee nf the Whole, be immediate-
ly reported to the House, and, by the aid of the
previous question, be passed into a law, with-
out one word of debate beirg permitted or ut-
tered.
5   Because free discussion of the laws by which
the people are governed, is not only essential to
right legislation, but is neces'sry to the preserva-
tion of the Constitution, and the liberties of the
people; and to fear or «uppress it as the characte-
ristic of tyrannies and tj rants only.
6. Because the measure proposed to be forced
through the House within less than two days'
consideration is one which deeply effects the in-
tegrity of tne C^r'ti uaon and the liberties of the
people, and to pass it with ha-.te, and with-
out due deliberation, would evince a contemptuous
d sregard of either, and may be a fatal violation
of hoih.
The vole was then taken upon excusing Mr.
Bhvtt, by teas and nays, and there were: yeas
82 nays 119
So Mr R was not excused.
Mr R asked that his reasons might be entered
on the Journal
The SPEAKER said it was not now m order.
Mr STANLY deseed to know whether the pa-
per ju*t read had the usual conciusitn, viz (hat
unlcs th s request v?as complied uith, the gallant
peip'eoi ''3eaufort and Colleton districts, m the
ovi-reign State of South Carolina, would dissolve
the Union " If this cmc'usion had been omitted,
"Vli S hoped that it would be entered on the Jour-
nal also
The SPEAKER said ¡bat Mr Stanly was not
in order
Mr RHETT said that he would answer any
question the gentleman might please to put.
After Mr. RHETT had read his protest to th?
