¿68                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resplntion, and requested that it might be entered
upon the record—
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky rose and asked him if
l>a had not voted for a similar resolution to the one
under consideration during the first session of the
last Congres..?
{Mr. Rhett replied: No, never!]
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana, asked to be ex-
cused from voting, and spoke as follows.
Mr. Speaker, in given my reasons to the House
for making this request, I have no disposition to
speak out of order. And as I shall not thank the
Chair, or any member on the floor, for calling me
to order, when I am not out of order, I beg leave
to refer to the rule of the House under which I
claim the privilege of giving my reasons.
Here the SPEAKER interrupted, stating it
would be out of order to read the rule.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, sir, I will state the rule
from memory, without reading it. As well as I
recollect, the rule says: "And any member request-
ing to be excused from voting, may make a brief
verbal statement of the reasons for making such re-
quest." Now, sir, I have a right, under this rnle,
lo slate in a brief manner, the reasons that induce
me to ask to be excused. I contend that I am not to
be confined to the statement of such reasons as
would induce the members on this floor, or ¡he
Speaker in the chair, to vote to excuse me. That
would not be a proper interpretation of the rule. I
would like to know how the Speaker in the chair,
or the members upon the floor, can know what rea-
sons induce me to ask to be be excused. I, there-
fore, contend that as long I confine myself to the
statement of the reasons which induce me to make
this motion to be excused, neither the Speaker
nor any other member, ha% any right to call me to
order unless they will undertake to say lhat m my
mode of speech I lack brevity, for that is the only
part of my speech of which they have a right, un-
der the rule, to judge?
Then, Mr. Speaker, I ask to be excused from
voting, because it is impossible for me now to say,
whether, on Monday next, I «.hall be leady to vote
on this "Fiscal Corporation," or whether, at that
time, I shall be willing that all debate shall coas 
on this new proposition. Such a vote was never
before asked of any member of a dehbrraiive body
on earth. Sir, this debate has not yet commented.
How, then, can I now say whether I shall «r shall
not, at that hour, be ready to vote on this question?
Again, I ask to be excused, because I learn, by
a publication, purporting to be written by a
member oí the committee who reported tins bill,
and printed in one of the daily paper  of this city,
that the Whig members oí this House, intended io
get up a proportion, winch proposition I suppose to
be this bill, fur the purpose oí heading the Pre-
sident of the United States.
Tne SPEAKER decided Mr Kennedy to be
out oí ordei, stating that all his remarks nad been
out of order.
Mr. KENNEDY appealed from the decision of
the Chair, <md asked to state the grounds upon
which he appealed.
The SPEAKEtt decided that the appeal could
not be argued, because the previous question had
been called, and ordered on ihe passage oí the re-
solution
Mr. KENNEDY demanded that the reasons
upon which he was ruled out ot order, should b.=
put in writing, and placed on the journal. This
was refused.
The question was then takon on the appeal by
ayes and noes, and the decision of the Chair sus
tamed by a party vote
A motion was then made that Mr. Kennedy
have leave to proceed in order
The question was taken by ayes and nays, and
liberty to proceed, refused by a party vote.
If he had not been, bj forceo, numbers, stopped,
he would haveta.J, ia kto oeexcused iiom voting
on this question, until lean learn what is meant
by this plan cf heading the President I want to
learu whether this is a means to be used to frighten
the Preside.it from his duty to the Constitution and
the country, tor fear he may be placed before ihe
people m a false position! as having vetoed two
$ank projects, when in truth, and in fact, they are
in subsiance the same? Or whether this threat of
heading is Jo be turned into a beheading. Again, I
ask to be excused from giving so hasty a vote on
this unheard of proposition to incorporate the Na-
tional T/easuryl Yes, sir, this bill not only con-
tains the enormous proposition to incorporate the
Treasury, but it moreover proposes to embrace in
this corporation a few favorite stockholders, who,
like rats, are to glut themselves andgrow/ai on the
people's money, until they have fairly eaten out their
substance. And, lastly, I 'ask to be excused now,
because your tyrannical rules, aided by the opera-
tion of this resolution, this is the only time I can
possibly get to raise my voice in giving the alarm
to my constituents, to look well to it time to save
those vampires from fastening like leeches to the
Treasury of the nation, from which it will be im-
possible to loose them, until they have sucked the
last drop of blood from the body politic.
Mr. BOTTS inquired of the Speaker whether it
was in order on this floor to refer to a private let-
ter, which had been surreptitiously obtained and
printed in ihe newspapers of the day.
The SPEAKER said the remarks were entirely
out of order.
Mr. BOTTS. Gentlemen may leave that sub-
ject >o me; I will take care of it
Mr. BROWN of Pennsylvania said the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kesnedy] had alluded to
a public paper; he mentioned nothing about a
letter.
The question was then put upon the appeal,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
m nt of the Hou«e?" and was decided in the affir-
mative by yeas 121, nays 60.
Mr. BROWN of Pennsylvania moved to permit
the gentleman from Indiana to proceed.
Mr. BOTTS wished to offer a general resolution
to excuse all who desired to be excused from vot-
ing on the resolution. Objected to as not being in
order.
The yeas and nays were now demanded upon
permitting Mr. Kennedy to proceed, and were,
jeas 83, nays 104.
So Mr K whs not allowed to proceed.
Mr PICKENS rose and said: "It is no% mani-
fest, from the votes which have been taken, that
the House does not intend to excuse any member
from vo'mg. And as enough has been done to
call public attention to ihe odious resolution pro-
posed to be adopted, our object will have been at-
tained; and I respectfully suggest to our friends to
go no further m this proceeding.
[C-ies of ''Agreed, agreed."J
The question on the adoption of the resolution
was then taken, and decided m the affirmative, as
follow.-
YEAS—Messr Adams, Allen, L \V Anditw-, Arnol I,
Ayougg, Baboock, Biker li irnaid, Birton Bndseye, illaük,
Ulan iiutdinin, Boü&, Jíioijíway, iironson, M Blown, í
lliovwi William Builei, William li ( amphi.il, T J Cimp
1>J1, Ciruthii.,, f hilds, Chittenden, I C Clark, Staley N
< ¡aike, Coopeí, < üwii] Cían-, on Cravens G Davis William
C "Divv on, l^an Dtbeiiy, J Edwaids, Everett, revenden,
Fiílmne V Lawicncc Poster, Gamble, Gates, Gemí y, Goggín,
Patín k G Goo U Gubam, Gieen, Gieig, Haberbtnm, HaUtcd,
Hem y, Howaid, Hudson, Hunt, J Irvm, James, ,f F Kenne.
dy, King, Cine, Lawrence, Lmn, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mat
t irks, !M twell, Maynarü, Moore, Moigan, Morris Mnrruw,
Nisbet, Oboine, Owaley, Peirce, Pendleton, Powell, Benja
rnin Randall, A Randall, Randolph, ílaynei, Rtdgway, Rod-
ney, Russell, Saítonstall, Sergeant, SEiepf erd,  imonton,
Smith, Soliere, fetanlv Stokely, Síiatton A lí H Stuart, J T
Stuart, Summeis, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, R W
Thompson, Tillmghast, loland, Tomlinson, luplett, Tium
bull, Undet wood Wallace Warren, Washington, E D White,
J I, White, Tho W Williams, I Williams O H Wil
liams Wmthrop, Yorke, A  Youns  and John Young—116
NAYS—Messrs Vmngton, Atherton, Bulks Beeson, Bid
hck, Bowrn, Aaion V Brown, iBtiike, William O Butlei,John
Cimpbell, Chapman, Cliff) I Clinton Coles, Daniel, Cross,
Richard I) D vis, John B Dawson Doig, Eastman, John C
Edwards fgheit, John G lloyd, romance. Gerry, Gilmei,
Gordon, Gustlne, Harris, John Hastings, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubaid, lngerooll, William W Irwin Jack, John W
Jmes, Keim Lewi" Littlcfield, A McClelian, McKay, MalJor),
Marchand, T P Marshall Maihews Medill, Newhaid, Par-
menter, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Ram=ey, Reding,
Renchu, Riggs, Rosers, Roosevelt, toanfoid, Shaw, Shield--,
Hade, Snyder Sprigg, Stefnrod, Sumpter Sweney, Turney,
Ward, Watterson, Welter, Wssthrook, J W Williams, Wv e,
and Wood—76
So ihe resolalion was adopted.
Whereupon the House, on mouon of Mr. SER-
GEANT, again resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the union, (Mr. Daw-
son of Georgia in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (No. 14) to incorporate the
subscribers to the Fiscal Bank of the United
States.
Mr. SERGEANT then offered the amendments
indicated by him yesterday, first moving to strike
out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. Ser«eant then addressed the committee in
explanation and support of the bill up to the expi-
ration of his hour.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee in opposttten to the bill, and on the
subject of the veto, the cabinet, &c< &c.
The hour having elapsed—
Mr. TURNEY rose and moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided that this motion
took precedence   over the  motion of Mr. Ser-
GBANT.
Whereupon Mr. WISE rose, and, being recog-
nised by the Chairman, was proceeding to address
the committee during a second hour.
A question of order arose, which resulted in the
decision of the Chairman that, the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Turney) being a
new motion, and the gentleman from Virginia
(Mr. Wise) having first addressed the Chair, and
been recogsised by it, the latter gentleman was en-
titled to proceed.
No appeal was taken.
Mr. WISE proceeded in his remarks.
After  Mr. W had closed,
Mr. MARSHALL of Kentucky obtained the
floor.
The committee then rose, and reported pro-
gress.
Mr. PROFFIT abked leave to introduce a reso-
lution, declaring that if Congress chartered a fiscal
agent, it should reserve the power to repeal the
same whenever it saw fit.
Objection was made,
And the House adjourned.
iEf" We are happy to state that Mr. James
Cooper of Pennsylvania, who has been absent
from this city foi some time past, in consequence
of sickness in his family combined with severe
peisonal indisposition, again appeared in h's seat
in the Hous>e of Representatives on Saturday af-
ternoon.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 23, 1841.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury, cover-
ing a report from the General Land Office, made
in compliance with a resolution oí the Senate of
the 18.h instant, calling for the amount of lands
surveyed and ready for sale, &c. since March,
1841
The report, in substance, stated that the quanti-
ty uf lauds surveyed and prepared for market, but
not offered for saie, amounted to 8,469,567 acres;
ihat ihe quantity wnich had been offered for sale
since 4th March last, amounted io 584,369 acres.
It further stated that ihe quantity ol public lands
offtred fo>- sal« in 1837 amounted to 133,180 acres;
in 1838, 19,135,773, in 1839, 9,739,512, m 1840,
6 141,983 acres.
Mr. BENTON observed that these returns con-
fiimed whar he had suspected, that the lauds were
kept out of market f«r the purpose of creating a
deficiency of revenue, to De supplied by loans and
taxes, and to create a larger fund for distribution
under tnt land bill, and that ihe distribution bill
was already virtually in force. The time for ad-
verting the pubuc lands was in the spring, and
the time for the sales was in the fall. Thus-, during
Mt. Van Baren's administration, the average
amount of the lands offered for sale from March to
August was about nine millions of acres; and this,
including the year 1837, the year of universal
bank suspensions, when the sales were conse-
quently diminished; exclusive of that year, and
ihe amount advertised for the three last years,
was an average of twelve millions of acres; now
the quantity offered during the same period is only
about half a million cf acres! About eight and a
half millions of acres are now ready for sale, and
withheld from sale, and that while taxing and bor«
rowing, and sending in Treasury reports to prove
