ttwiy¿ Bíaytan, Cuthbert, Faltón, Graham, Hen-
dersói, Ker,'J5aDg, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead,
Porter, Preston, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Talimadge, and Walker—24.
NAYS—rMessrs. Bates, Benton, Buchanan,
Choaief Dixon, Evans, Huntington, Linn, Miller,
PfenrjséfeSouthard, Sturgeon, Tappan, White,
Williams, Woodbridge, Wright, and Young—18.
MiUiilNN renewed his amendment, offered in
committee, to strike out the first nine sections of ihe
biU,''Which contain the provision for the distribu-
tion, and  insert a provision appropriating perma-
nently the uett proceeds of ihe lands 'o the common
defegee-of ihe Union, by fea and land. Ke ad-
verted to,his argumenis, before m^de, in favor of
this preposition, viz: the neces.'iiy for the defence
of the isóuntryat this era cal juncture, the consti-
tutionality otlhis mode of applying the proceeds of
the lands, and its adapteJn,-ss to avoid the agita-
tions-that-would arise between different interest?,
from any other manner cf their application.
Mí..SMITH oí Iudiana said the amendment had
been-folly discussed betoie, and he did not intend
to 'repeat .die argument or prol .ng the discuss.on on
the bill. Mrle-wo' Id merely say that it proposed to
change the entire nature of the bill, and he hoped
it would not be adopted.
Mr* >BENTON observed that this carried the
whole- ■question directly home to the gentlemen,
whether they meant to divert the publ.c land< from
the only legitimate and consti-unon.il application
of them—'he defence oí the country; or to distri-
bute their proceeds for purposes wholly unconsti-
tutional. He would call for the yeas and nays
for-the purpose of giving the gentlemen an oppor-
tunity of recording their names on this vo'e.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
neaative, as follow;;:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, B;nton, Calhoun, CI ly
of Alabama, Cuthb.'tt, Fuiton, Kins, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Pierce, Sevier, Tappan, Walk
er, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bariow, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Buchanan, Choatc, Clay of Kentucky.CJay ton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps'
Porter, Prenti-s, Preston, R,ve¿, Simmons, «mith
of Indiana, Talimadge, White, and Woodbridge
—29                                                                   8
Mr. WOODBURY offered an amendment pro-
viding that in case during the existence of this act
any necessity shall arise to borrow money to meet
the fiécekilies of Government, then ihe distribu
tion.-áball cease during the coiitiriu,ince of such
necessity, and till any debt ihus incurred had been
extinguished.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky sa.,1 the gentleman and
his friends had created a large debt, which it was
now incumbent on the present Administration to
pay, and it might be necessary to effect a further
loan in .December, to meet the warns of the Trea-
sury.   The amendment would destroy ihe bill.
Mr. CALHOUN wished the Senator, if he had
any information that there would be a necessity to
malte a further loan for the Tieasury, in Decem-
ber, to Uy U before the Sena'.e. Loins were to bs
made, and the public debt to be increased by this
"económica'." Administration, which would lead to
an infr ngement of the compromise act.
Mr. CLAY said, if the Revenue bill passed he
hoped there would be no necessity for a further
loan; and that in four years they would be able to
pay off the debts of the late Administration, and
meet the current expenses of Government under
the decreasing revenue. It might be necessary to
.make an additional loan of some five or six mil-
lions in September, to anticipate the revenue fiom
the Revenue bill     He hoped not, however.
Mr. WOODBURY said, although the extra ses-
sion was called to meet the deficiency of the Trea-
sury, estimated at six millions in September, and a
loan .had been provided of twelve millions, yet
no money had been borro ved except one million
anda,half. The expensa of the extra sesión had
been about a half a miliiot ; and thus it appeared
that there was a but a d<-heiercy of about one
million, about which sj ma h c:y of debt had
been raised.
Mr. CLAY wished to correct the Senator in a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
point of fact. The extra session was not called to
meet a deficiency that would exist in Septem-
ber. Tnere had been no such declaration n ade.
The proclamation convening Congress spoke in
general terms of the wants of the Treasury, and
the state in which it bad been left by the late Ad-
mjni-traiion, as the cause of the convening of Con-
gress
Mr. KING said if there was a possibility
of a necessiiy of another loan, it was another
argument agsinst the project of giving away the
proceeds of the lands, the deficiency caused by
which would have to be supplied by an increase cf
duty.
The question vi as then taken on the amendment
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Benton, C 0-
hourt, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Rives, Sevier, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wood-
burv, Wright, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messr?. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky. Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hun'insto , Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelp*, Por-
ter, Premi.s, Preston. Simmons, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Talimadge, White and Wood-
bridge—26.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to postpone the bill until
the first Mondav in December next, on which mo-
tion he demanded the yeas and nays, when the
vote stood asfollovs:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Ahbama, Cuihbert, Fulton,
King, Linn,McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tuppan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, Young—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bales, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Mi ler, Mori head, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Talimadge, White, Wood-
bridge— 29.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out in the
10th section, the provision that the pre-emption
should apply to "no portion of the public lands
that have been selected as a site for a city or
town."
Mr. SMITH of Indiana expressed his hope that
the amendments would not be adopted.
Mr. McROBERTS considered the provision of
the bill useless, as lands that had been selected
wore no longer public lands.
The am"ndm nt was rejected—yeas 15, nays 27.
Mr. BENTON had anoiher amendment to offer,
the object of which was to carry home to his con-
stituents the manner in which they had been treat-
ed by Iheir lord? and master? at tin'.- extra session.
He moved to strike out the provision that bad been
bambooztfd into this bill, that no hnJs shall be
subj-ct to pic-omption on which are known salines
or minrs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana wished the provision io
remain. It did n«t withhold such lands from sale,
but from pre-tmp'i^n. If it was ascertained that
3uch salines or mines added nothing to the. value
of the land, it would be exposed for sale like any
ether, and therefore the provision could at least do
no harm.
The amendment was rejected—yeas 17, nays28
Mr. SEVIER moved to strike out in the tenth
section, the provision that p e-emption shall not
apply to unsurveied land.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said the amendment had
once been rejected, and he hoped the vote would
now he ihe same.
After further remarks bv Messrs. CLAY of Ken-
lucky, SEVIER, asd HENDERSON, the amend-
ment, was rejected—y«as 39, nays 24.
Mr. YOUNG moved to strike out in the four-
teenth section the provision that "no parcel or lot
of land actually settled and occupied for ihe pur-
poses of tra^e, and not agriculture," shall be liable
to entry under Ihe pre empt'on provision.
Tni-i was rejected—yens 21, nays 23.
Mr. WALKER moved the amerdment effered
in committee, equalizing the grants of land to the
new States with that already granted to Ohio.
This was rejected—yeas 17, nays 23.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the provi-
sion that the distribution shall cease "when the
Uuited States shall become involved in war with
any foreign power," and insert a provision that it
shall cease when they have just cause of war.
The provision, as it stood in the bill, was bam-
boozling, as preparations for war should be made
before we were involved in war, without waiting
till the war had commenced.
The amendment was rejected—yeas 11, nays 89.
Mr. BENTON moved a provision to exempt
from distribution the lands now prepared for sale,
and nr t brought in'o market.
This was rejected—yeas 14, nays 27.
The amendments now having been completed,
the question \vas on ordering them to an engross-
ment, and the bill <oa third reading.
Mr. CALHOUN said as there were some mem-
bers who wi-hed ¡o speak on the bill, he would
move that it be postponed till to-morrow, and print-
ed, before it was en.-rossed. The motion was ne-
gatived without a division.
Mr. WOODBURY moved that the Senate ad-
journ; which was negatived—yeas 21, nays 23.
The quesion was then taken on ordering the bill
to an engrossment for a third reading, and carried,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, CI,y of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, Evans, Graham, He: derson, Huntington, Ker
Mangum, Merrick, Miil.r, Morehead, Phelps,'
Porter, Prentiss, Rives, Simmnns, Smith of Indiana,
Kouthatd, Talimadge, White, and Woodbridge—
23.
NAYS—Messr--. Allen,Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Presión, Sevier, S'.urgron, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Wondlury, Wright, and Young—22.
Mr. CLAY of AUbama then moved to lay the
bill on the table till tomorrow, and lhat it be print-
ed.    The  motion «as carrifd.
Oa motion of Mr. RIVES, then Sena'e then
went into Executive session, and soon after ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPKESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 23, 1841.
Mr. REYNOLDS of Illinois appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat.
The j'nrnal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. DEAN was understood to say thai m the
Intelligencer of this morning he found his vote re-
•coided in tie Eiffirmattve in the list of yeas and
nays on the resolution of thegentlemau from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. ShrgeantJ tafeitgthe Bank bill out
of committee. He desired to know how it was re-
corded on the journal.
Tne Clerk replied that the gentleman's name
was recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. DEAN said he had voted in the negative,
and he a^ked that the journal might be corrected
accordingly.
And it was so ordered.
Mr. PROFFIT said he believed that his name
was not recorded at all. If it was not, it oufhl to
be recorded in the negative, as he had so vo!,d.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made some motion or
suggestion in relation to certain documents in the
hands of the public printer, which he complained
there had. been great delay in furnishing. T:>e pa-
pers had reference, as the Reporter understood, to
information furnished in answer to a resolution of
Mr. J. on the subject of removals from office, &c.
Mr. BRiGGS of Massachusetts objected; and,
notwithstanding it was a privileged question,
The SPEAKER mled it out of order.
FISCAL CORPORATION. •   -
On motion of Mr. SERGEANT, the House re-
salved itself in'o Coinmtt'ee of the Whole on the
s ate of the Union, Mr. Dawson of Georgia in
the chair, on Ihe Hcu-e bill No. 14, being a bill to
incorporate sub^cibeis to the Fiscal Bank of the
Unhfd S.ases.
The pending ques'ion beif.g on the motion of
Mr. Turney to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL (who was entitled to the
