373
motion for indefinite postponement would now be
in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
And ite question on ordering the main question
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 120, nays 97.
So the House determined that the main question
should now be taken.    >
The House then concurred with the Committee
of the Whole in the amendments.
And the question being on ordering the bill
and amendments to be engrossed for a third read-
ing-
Mr. EASFMAN asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
123, nays 94.
So ihe bill was ordered  to be engrossed for a
third reading.
And it was. ordered to be read a th'rd lime now.
And the biil having been read by its title-
Mr. AiORGAN moved  the previous question.
Mr. WISE(who had endeavored to get the floor)
submitted to tne Speaker that the bill had not betn
read a third time.
The SPEAKER said that the reading of the bill
by the title had been called for, and it had been so
read accordingly.
Mr. WISE insisted on the bill being read at
large; after which, he said, gentlemen could start
fair for the floor.
And the Clerk then read the whole bill through,
which occupied nearly an hour.
And the question; being on the final passage
thereof—
Mr. A. L. POSTER of New York obtained the
floor, and moved the previous question.
Mr. BOWNE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, giving the floor to his colleague, [Mr. Fos-
ter]
Mr. DAWSON submitted that the proposition
was one which admitted of no appeal, inasmuch as
it was a matter which depended on the eye and ear
of the Sppakcr, and no one else.
The SPEAKER said in.-? House had a right, if
it thought pioper, to overrule the- decisioa of the
Chair.
Mr. WISE hoped, he said, that the gentleman
would withdraw his appeal.    All that he (Mr. W,)
h.id contended for, was a fair chance to contend.
After a li'lle conversation—
The appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN  inquired of the Speaker if
it would now be in order for him to  move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed  until
the first Mond?v in December nr-xi?
The SPEAKER said the motion would not be in
order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill «n
the table; and asked the yeasaiid nays on that mo-
tion; which were ordered,aid, being taken, were—
yeas 93, nays 126
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
And on the ¡nam question, "Shall the bill paw?"
Mr. STANLEY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordeted, and,  bsing taken, resulted as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L. W. Andrews,
S. J. Andrews,Amo'd, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker,
Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Black, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Botts, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson,
Milton Brown, J. Brown, Burnel), William But-
ler, Calhoun, Wm. B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, druthers, John C. CUrk, S. N. Clark,
Cooper, Ciansion, Cravens, Cushins, Wm. C.
Dawso-i, Deberry, J. C. Edwards, Evereit, Fea-
senden, Fillmoic, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble,
Gates, Gen'ry, Goggin, Patrick G. Goode, Gra-
ham, Green, Greig, Habersham, Hall, Haibted,
William S. Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Jame? Itvin, James, William Cost Johnson,
Isaac D. Jones, J. P. Kennedy, King, Lane, Law-
rence, Linn, Thoma5 F. Marshal!, Samson Ma-
son, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Moore, Morgan, Morns, Morrvw, Nisbet, Os-
borne, Owsley, Pierce, Pendleton, Pone, Powell,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Randolph, Rayner, Rencher, Ridgway, Rodney,
Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Shepperd, Simonton,
Slade, Smith, Stanly, Stokeley, Strattpn, John T.
Stuart, A. H. H. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro,
John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett,"Trumbull,
Underwood, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Ed-
ward D. White, Joseph L. White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, C. H. Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, Augustus
Young, and John Young—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Banks,
Beeson, Bidlack, Bowne, Boyd, A V. Brown,
Charles Brown, Burke, Wm. 0. Butler, Green
W. Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, John Campbell,
Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cross,
Daniel, R. D. Davis, J. B. Dawson. Dean, Doan,
Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferris,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance,
Thomas F. Foster, Gerrv, Gilmer, William 0.
Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Harris, John Hastings,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hu-
bard, Hunter, Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack,
Cave Johnson, J. W. Jones, Keim, A. Kennedy,
Lewis, Littiefield, A. McClellan, Robert McClel-
lan, McKay, Mallory, Marcnand, J. Thompson
Mason, Mathews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Par-
menter, P*yne, Pickens, Plumer, Redine, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford,
Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Steenrod, Sum-
ter, Sweney, Turney, Van Burea, Ward, Watter-
son, Weller, Westbrook, James W. Williams,
Wise, and Wood—94.
So the bill was pasted.
Mr. J. C. CLARK moved a reconsideration of
the vote just taken, and asked the previous ques-
tion.
And there was a second.
And the main question (being on the reconside-
ration) was ordered, and, being taken—
The vote was not reconsidered.
And the question then being on the title of the
bill-
Mr. SERGEANT moved to amend the same by
inserting in lieu of the present tille the words: "An
act to provide for the better collection, sake-keep-
ing, and disbursement of the public revenue, by
means of a corporation to be styled the Fiscal Cor
poration of the United States."
[Roars of laughter.]
Mr. Sergeant asked the previous question; and
there was a second.
And the main question (being: on the amendment
to the tile) was ordered; and, being taken—
The bill was amended accordingly.
Mr. WISE moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, by which the title had been amended; on
which motion, he said, he had a few words to
S3V.
Mr. W. then addressed the House (amidst some
interruption on points of order) for nearly half an
hour.
When he withdrew the motion to reconsider.
And, at seven o'clock, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, August 24, 1841.
Immediately after the reading of the journal—
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives by their Clerk, announcing that it
had passed "An ?ct to provide for the better col-
lection, safe-keeping, and disbursement of the pub-
lic revenue, by means of a corporation, to be
stvled the Fiscal Corporation of the United
States."
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the biil be now
read, for the purpose of reference; which was
agreed to, and the bill read.
The CHAIR then put the question, shall this bill
be read a second tim<i? when a majority of voices
seeming to be in the negative, a division and count
was called for, when
The Chair announced that there were ayes 18,
noes 17. So the biil was ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BERRIEN moved that it have its second
reading now.
No objection being heard, the Secretary was pro-
ceeding to read the bill, when
Mr. ALLEN interposed an objection.
The CHAIR decided it was too late.
Thisopinion was eoutro verted by Messrs ALLEN,
TAPPAN, CLAY of Alabama, and MOUTON,
and sustained by Messrs. BERRIEN, CLAY of
Kentucky, and TALLMADGE, and the objection
was eventually withdrawn, and the bill read a se-
cond time.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the bill be indefinite-
ly postponed, on which he demanded the ayes and
noes.
Mr. BERRIEN opposed this motion for some
time, when the question was taken on the indefinite
postponement, and decided in the negative—ayes
21. noes 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRobert*, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se-
vier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury, Wright and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Mansum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, and Woodbridge—24.
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the bill be referred
to a select committee.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky seconded the motion;
and after referring to the great amount of labor the
former select committee had with the Bank bill re-
ported by them, requested the Chair not to place
him on thp committee to be raised on the present
bill, as he did not wish to have any thing particu-
larly to do with it. Whether he should support the
bill or not, depended on whether his friends on the
csmmittee could present some practicable and use-
ful scheme of a Bank of the United States.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would vote for the
motion to refer this bill to a select committee. He
fc litoo great a regard for the Senator from Ken-
tacky to force this thing upon the Committee on
Finance, of which he was chairman. A correct
judge of human nature had said that there was but
one step between the sublime and the ridiculous.
The great Whig party had taken that step, when
they determined to create this being, called "The
Fiscal Corporation of the United States.'' If/his
thing had derived its name from its nature, it ought
to have been called "The Kite Flying Fiseality."
The great Whig party had descended through dif-
ferent gradations until they at lenghth s'ink to this
Fiseality; and he, for one, should certainly not, by
his vote, subject the Senator to the mortification of
becoming its sponsor.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
referred to a select committee of five, consisting of
Mr. Berries, Mr. Evans, Mr. Archer, Mr. More-
head, and Mr. Huntington.
The Fortification bill was then called for; but,
ihe chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs [Mr. Preston] not being in the Senate, it was
passed over.
Mr. KING, in the absence of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relation, [Mr. Rives,]
and in compliance with a promise made to that
gentleman, that he would move to go into Execu-
tive session at II o'clock, now made that motion.
A large mass of Executive business had accumu-
lated, and he hoped they would be able to get rid
of some of it which had been befoie them for a
long time.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky opposed the motion.
He hoped the Distribution bill would be passed
and returned to the House before the Senate went
into Executive session. There was no Executive
business but what could be delayed a few days
without detriment to the public interest.
Mr. KING had understood thst ihose Senators
who wished to speak on the Distribution bill were
not prepared to go on wilh the discussion to-day.
If he had been misinformed, he would most readily
withdraw his motion.
Mr. CALHOUN expressing his willingness to
proceed with the discussion of the Land bill,
Mr. KING withdrew his motion, and the Land
bill was taken up, the question being on its pas-
sage.
Mr. CALHOUN spoke for nearly two hours in
