CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BÍ3
opposition to the bill. His exposition of the origi-
nal sin in which this .measure has its birth, and the
fatal consequences with which it is pregnant, was
one of the finest, clearest, and most impressive ar-
guments which he ever delivered. He first entered
upon the constitutional topic, and this he illustrated
with so many original views, as lo give it all the
charm of novelty, although it has been repeatedly
illuminated by the first minds of the Senate.
He next argued the subject in all Us financial as-
pects. He showed that this land distribution was
now introduced to form a most baneful ingredient
in that system of prostitution by which, from the
beginning, the pure and simple institutions of
our country were to be worked up into a corrupt
mone)ed Government. He gave the outline of
this, mischievous scheme of overshadowing the
Constitution, from its inception in the first funding
system, associated with a banking corporation,
downt) the fatal explosion of the last. He de-
picted the long struggle that ha? incessantly agi-
tated the country from this cause, which, like a
volcano in his bosom, has given birth to all the
shocks it has felt from its infancy to this hour.
He portrayed the violent party rancor it had en-
gendeied, and the «ad melancholy depravation of
private morals, as well as of all the elevated
feelings of patriotism, which had issued from this
source.
In connection with this view, Mr. C alluded
to the proposition of Mr. Linn to dedicate the
lands to the defence of the country, instead of
surrendering it to increase the value of stocks
(having no claims upon it) in the hands of the
enemies of the country. He showed that naval
preparation was the great means of reliance in
maintaining our rights against the only rival
from which they have any thing to apprehend,
and he showtd ¡hat distribution operated by a
double process to weaken our naval arm. First,
directly, by taking from it the means which it was
proposed to appropriate particularly to foster and
maintain it, and next, mduectly, by rendering the
imposition of duties necessary, which, in imposing
restrictions on commerce, diminished our commer-
cial manae, and destroyed, in the cradle, the her-
culean strength which was thence, in time of war,
imparted to our navy.
Mr. Calhoun, from the recently published
documents derived from the inquiries of the Go-
vernment, produced >ome extraordinary facts to
maik the effects of high duties on the lonnage and
trade of Ihe nation. He showed that, from 1824
to 1830, which comprised the epoch of Ihe hiah
tariff, and the glorious days oí the United S ates
Bank, as they have been so repeatedly exto'led,
when domestic industry was so highly fostered by
the one, arid fore gn commerce by the other, both
our tonnage and trade had fallen off during the
whole period, although tne natural growth of the
nation had uecessa-ily greitly resiste! the declen-
sion produced by bad legislation. He then took
the peno i of disaster, as it has been called by
rteFedcM pacy—the epoch of the removal of
the deprs tes, the pet bank sjstem, and Sub-Trea-
sury, and of the ¡eduction of the tariff. The docu-
ments showed that msteal of falling off, our ton-
nage had increased more than a third, and our ex-
ports doubled The documentary facts exhibited
by Mr. Calhoün, mike it perfectly manifest that
all the wai^nss about the rum of the country, have
sprung from the imaginings and falsification of hy-
pocondnac Federalism.
Mr ARCHER lephed at great lengih to Mr
Calhion, and wuhuut concluding yielde„to a mo-
tion to go into Executive session, which wai
agreed to.
The Senate then went into Executive sess on,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, August 24, 1841
Mr. JONES ot Virginia, on  leav® graitod for
that purpose, offered certain resolutions ad^p edby
a public meeting of the people of Goocüantl coun-
ty, Virginia
Mr. JONES «aid that the preamble tc these reso-
lutions asserted that, in the opinion of the mee.ing,
a crisis had arisen which threatened the purity and
safety of the institutions of the countrj, by Cae re-
storation of that Federal misrule which proposes
the creation of a National Bank, the adjustment of
the tariff, with a view to the protection of domestic
manufactures, the creation of a national debt, &c
to be enforced by the application of the gag law.
They therefore resolved that the grant ol a charter
for a National Bank by Congress is a palpable vio-
lation of the Constitution, unwise, inexpedient, and
danserous to ihe liberties ot the peopJe; and that,
should such a charter be granted, they pledged
themselves to use all honorable means to procute
its repeal as speedily as possible. That Congress
has no power to impose a tariff for protection; ihat
it possesses no constitutional authority over the
subject oí internal improvement  within the States;
that the creation of a loan for twelve millions of
dollars was unnecessary and uncalled tor by a wise
administration ot the finances, that Congress prs-
sessed no power to distribute the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the States, or any
constitutional right lo raise money from any source
for distribution. In short, that the resolu.ions con-
demned, in strong term , nearly Ihe whole batch
of measures which had been introduced at the pre-
sent extra session o! Congress.
As these resolutions had been printed by order
of the Senate, and were now in the possession of
members, he would move that they be laid on the
table.
Mr. CARY presented resolutions adopted by
on« of the most respectable meetings ot citizens of
the town of Pe'ersburg, at which ihe venerable pa-
triot, Gen. Daniel C Cults presided, and Chas.
Campbell, esq acted as Secretary.
Mr C. availed himself of the occasion to ex-
press his entire approbation of the sound constitu-
tional principles contained in these resolutions, and
asked the House, and the whole country, to give
them the most profound consideration, fir, if they
were ' abstractions," they were >h  pure principles
of liberty, of the Constitution, of the Union
He asked that the resolutions be read by the
Clerk, laid on the table, and printed.
The resolutions were laid upon the table, but
the House refused to print them.
Mr. COLES asked permission lo present a me-
morial. He stated th«.t he was particularly de-
sirous to present it upon ihe earliest occasion, fce-
cau'e it came from constituents, the most of whom
were politically opposed to nun; and from its re-
spectful manner towards Congress, it was entnled
to every attention usually given to similar papers.
The memo!ial which he held m his land was
signed by a number of merchants, manufacturers,
and mechanics, of the town ot Lynciburg, in ihe
State of Virginia. The memorialists represent
that silence on the part of 'he people generally,
should not be conslrued into acquiescence in toe
views of those interested in the passage of a bai Ir-
rupt law; and that they view with alarm the ef-
forts which have been made ¡o create /dl=e impres-
sions as to the opinions of the people on ihi-s sub
ject. They remonstrate a;ain>t the passage of any
Lankmp'law at thiiex'ra session, wh re-c n uch
other business wnl prevent that deliberate exami-
nation due to so important a subject And they
entreat Congress, at least, not to p-ss aiy bank-
rupt law which shall nav a retrospective opera-
tion.
Mr Coles said that, if 1 e had received it at
an earhet date, he might have endeavored to oo
tain an opportunity to urge at somt lengih the lea-
sons which had induced his constituents nl xio*t
unanimously to be opposed to a bankrupt Id 
Btít as the subject had passed from this House, all
that it was proper for him now to do, was, to ask
that the memorial be received and laid on the ta-
ble.
ihe following gentlemen, and were appropriately
referred.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN of Pennsylvania presented
the memorial of John Graham and divtrs other
citizens of Boiler, Armstrong, Venango, and Cla-
rion countii s, baling the inconvenience which'they
suffer for the want of a post office on ihe road lead-
ing from Butler, m Builer county, Pennsylvania,
to Emlinton, in Venango county, in. said State, and
praying that the road between those two points
via North Wash ngton may be declared a post
road.
Memorial of Lewis Chambers and divers other
citizens, citizens of ¡>aid counties, to a similar ef-
fect.
Memorial of Messrs. Carltng, Robertson and Co
and others, manufacturers oí glass, m Alleghany
county, in the Corn «ion wealth oí Pennsylvania,
praying for the admission of soda ash and pipe
clay tree of uuty.   Laid on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY ot Maryland.
©a leave given, Mr. RODNEY offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, Tlut the secretary of War be'directed to com
municate to this House tne several icports made by Lieut
Emory, of the Engineer Corps, in idauon to the situation
and improvement ol the harbor at Newcastle, on the liver Dela
waie
On leave given by Mr. McKAY offered the fol-
io wing resolution, which was adopted:
Hesolved, Tliat the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he 13
heicby, dii eued to submit to tbisHoubeat tlie commencement
of th*-next session, an estimate of a sum of money winch may
be ntf-essary to defray the expenses of collecting the public íe
venue, that an appropriation lor the same maj be made by
toi £less
On leave given, Mr. MOORE of Louis-
lana, offered the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on tRe Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed lomqune into the Expediency of changing
the route between tsatchez, Mississipj 1, and Harrisonburg,
Louisiana, so a* to 1 un once a week by Waterptool Landing
and tewly I^'and, and once a week by F'owuy Mound and
1 runty, ano liso 01 establishing a pos luute on th„ west
side 01 t m uver >iisaia3ippi, m the State oí Louisiana irom
Fort Ajimsto Lake Piuvidinie ma \ idalia, Kichmorid, and
Milhken's Bend
On leave gi en, Mr. CO WEN offered ihe fol-
lowing resolution, which, giving rise to debate, was
ordered to I¡e over:
Resolví d, by Ike Senate and Bouse of Representa
Uves of the Umtcd Slates 0] America m Congress assembled,
'that the Probidei' ot the United "states be, and he hereby is,
reqttes'ed to tattse such uiquiueband examinations to be made
a=> no may dct-m ex\  diem to enable Congress to .ascertain the
rno^i fa/irtbie situ uoritoithe establishment 01 a westetn ar
motvin the V\ esltnt and c-outhwebtein Statis, andcummunl
cate the inclination collected by sai 1 inquines md examina
1 ions to Coogiess at the next session thereo!, and that the sum
01 five thoi iai ¡i dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropria
ted to defray the expeubes ol such inquines and examinations,
to be paid out of any money in the fteasuiy not otherwise ap-
piopricted
Mr. BOARDMAN,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings, and Grounds, made the following re-
port:
The Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom
was leferred the petition ol the stonecutters and otner workmen
on tlit, public bin dings at Washington, piaymg an approptia
tion for the continuance of said buildings, repolt That, agieea
bíy ti older, they have had said petition undei constdeiation,
and are 01 opinion that thepiajei theieol ought not to be grant
ei rlne committee are satisled hat the letitn neis tie piup^r
subjects 01 commiseration but it is not iletund a tvtbable to
grant them the rebel aske 1, because the dibit's for the works
bpokenof in the petition ate n )t coni| lacd mil approved, nor
the material ol which they are tobe constructed determined 011,
nor lb it probable they will be duting the piiau t sesión, the
1 tiles of priceedmg of thi¡> IIousi prohibiting the committee
fiom enteung upon the confederation of these uubjectb at pre
sent, because, if those deslgnsand plans were peifectcd and ap
proved and the material determined on, the committee are de
1 dedly ol opinion tiut ihe consti uction should be made by con
tract, as much the be t piar whl h has oeen 01 can he devised
for the construction of pun ic buildings It íosuie-. ihen com-
pletion at a much eatlier period, and at a modi less expendí
ture ol the public tita«ure The committee ash. to be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration ot the petit on
The report was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SA1JNDEES, from the committee on the
Judiciary, to whom had been referred the joint re-
solution from the Senate, providing for the distri-
bution oí the printed returns of the sixth census,
leported the same with an amendment, (in rela-
tion to the numaer of copies,) which was concur-
red in.                                                            ,
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed;
And the bill, having been ordered to a third
reading at ibis time, was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. BIJJLACK suggested to the chairman of
Mr. ADAMS said he had a few petitions in re-
lation to slavery in ihe District ot Columb.a. He
laid, as every body was praying for a redress 01
gnevances, he trusted lhat his correspondents' pray-
ers might be noticed. He ako presented a petition
from sundry citizens c£ New Hampshire, to ex-
tend ihe right of suffrage in the District oí Colum-
bia.   Laid upon the table.
On leave given, memorials were presented by
