§74                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Commit'ee on the P st Office a' d Po t Roids
[Mr.*Bü.t<ias] to move to go mío Comal t ee ot the
Whole gn the statu of the Union, for the parpo e
emailing up the bill inaluig appropriation*, for the
Poslpíice Department. He (\lr. BidlíCk] did
jjbt £e¿í exactly authorized to submit that motion;
thpugh he felt inclined so to do if the gentlsman
_4idio!.
Oft mot on of TILLINGHAST, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of tie who'e on the
stare of the Union, (Mr. Everltt of Vermont m
t&e chai')
Jklr. TILLINGHAT moved that the commutes
tafes up the j int resoluti n providing for the di -
tríbution ot the D gest of Paicnts
.Mr. BR1GGS moved that the committee *ake up
In? iill, making appropriations ior (he Pest Office
fctepartment
Mr. GILMER moved that the commiitee take up
the b'll providing for placing the Statue of Wa«h-
mgton in th  Rotundo tf  the Capitol.
POsT OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The motion of Mr. ESrigos having prevailed, the
,   committee proceeded to the consideration of House
bill No. 30, which is as follows
if'BtLI.to makeappropnatinn for the Post Office Department
Be it frtatied by the Senate and House of Uepi esenla
ttvesof the United Stales of Ame tea in Congress ass^m
Med, That the sum of f unbundled and ninety se\en thousand
six hundred and fifty seven dollars be, and the «ame is heieby,
S^pjopnated out of day money m the Treasury not otherwi e
impropriated, t0 enable the P >st Office Uepartment to mt.Lt
itserigagemcn sand piy its debts, to be accounted for in the
ntapnet prescribed tn the second section of the   act to change
the organization of the Post Office Dcj irttnent, andtoptovide
moie effectually for the settlement of the accounts theieof,'
passed July 2,183b
The bill having been read —
Mr. BRIGGS (from daia before htm, not in the
possession ot the .Reporter) explained the condition
of the  Department, and the necessity, with  refe-
rence to it, of granting this appropriation, upward-,
o£ two hundred  and sixty.seven thousand dollars
of which had fallen du   prior  to aid wulu i  die
quarter ending March 31st, bej'ond anv  means in
'the power of th >   Department   to   meet   the   de-
mand.
This, Mr B. believed, was the first time in the
hi tory of ihe Department when such an appro-
priation had been called for He did not know,
ííowever, but that such a bill (to an amount not
hsard by the Repotter) had betn reported some
year* aso. As a principle, he ihought that the
Post Office Department should defray its own ex-
penses, andshoudnot, as a matter of pnncip'e,
drew money fiom trie common Tieasury To
Charco the expensas of th  Department upon th
general Treasury would he believed, be a dan-
gerous prmc pi . But this was not f npo td to be
done.
The D°partment from time to lime, since it' or-
gan zanon, had pud into the cminon Treasury
one mil ion one hundred and lhr<e thou>andvd
sixty th ee do Urs, v nhout hi/ing drawn one cent
from if, so ihar, at this time, ihe Treasury of the
United S ates was ac ually indebted to the Po t
Office Department in iliat amount, a porti n of
which amount was now c 'died for to relieve lie
Department, and enahle it to mtet its, immediae
necessities
If any genleman ^id sciuples as to vo irg for
th's bill on the ground ihat the principle vas nen,
he could propc c an amendn cut, eiiher provi ¡i g
that th  De^arm-st «honld arcunt for thi  lea i
out of llsotfn funds, or from t e h-nt's ivretofote
paid ovtr by it m'o the JVca ury of the Unit d
Slates, out of its own receipts
The facts which he had Ma el wiu'd be suffi-
cs'nt, he though', to meet any objecti >n  wh ch
misht be urned "Vet even this appropriation he
'rou d not consent to make but toi U e p'e^s rig na
ture of the case, and for Ihe gio^s mju hr done
t) tre cred tors of t'ii Department. For ihese
re?sons, Mr B s rcng'y urg-xl the p^s sse of tb 
bi"
< 5r GILMER expre^rd hi concu iei ce m ih
v evs rf the gen ¡email frt m M > "--ch se ts (\jr
Ba.GGs) Tha' genii man ha! n a eon1 a clear
case of justice and neces  ty The only scrup'e
■which he (Mr G ) supposed any gentleman could
feel in voting for the bill, was that which had been
adverted to by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
n itnely he princ pit i f pe muting or ent ouragi )g
the Post Offic" Department to rely on the Treasury
Department for i s 'uopTt That Deaartm-nt
should «us am itself, it appeared, oowev^r, it haf
not do naso The debt f r which th s b !i provided
was due, ?nd if these means were not appropriated,
the 'ransmission of ihe mails in many pans of the
country would be retarled, if not prevented
But with a view to meet the objection which he
bad suggested, he would offer the following am-nd-
men , 'to c< me la after end of the bill )
'Pr )nrfed, That the money hereby appropiiated shall be
accounted foi by the P)st Office Department hereafter, when
the condition of its funds shall permit, to be refunded into the
Treasury oi deduc ed from any sums which the Post Office
Depaitmentmay heretofore havepatdinto the Tieasury "
This, Mr G said, wou d obviate any difficulty
on this point At to the naked justice of the pro-
position, no man, ha supposed, could deny it
Mr RCOSEVELT did not rise, he said, to op-
pose the bill or the amendment, bul to express bis
dissent from the doctrine incidentally la'd down by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Bkigg--,]
and concuried ib, as he (Mr R) unders ood by
the gentleman from Vrginia, [tVTr. Gii-mer ]
So ar from believing th  t the Post Office De-
partment ought never to draw on the National
Treasury, but ojght ex"lnsive!y (as he believed
had been urged) to sustain itself, he thought that
its butdens ough', to son e extent, to fall on the
National Trea>ury, and lhat, m part pt least, it
ought no! to sustain ltse'f The doctrine that the
letter writing part of the community ougnt to bear
the whole burden w^s, he hoped, about to be ex-
ploded. He hoped the day W3s soon to come
when we should adopt the improvements which had
lately been made m lhat cou try from which we
derived some of our best institutions—improve-
ments which, he contended, were founded in ius-
tiee aid sound policy, he alluded to the reduction
of the postage on priva e eouespondence He be-
lieve! that par of the burdens of the Post Office
Department should be thrown upon the National
Treasury He h >ped that ws should soon see a
change of opinion on this subject
Mr J G FLOYD ac'dnssrd the chair, and com-
menced by sayirg ihat the bid under considerat on
appropriated a fraction short of half a million of
do lars from the Treasury proper to the debts and
liabilities of the Post Office Department That, by
the Constitution, it was nece-sary that all bills of
this nature shou'd originate m thi  House, and
that it was accotrli.ig to ihe sunt of Fnglüh as
well as American I b rfy, ihat th° p pihr brincn
of t'je Legislature, composed of ih* more tmmedt-
at> reprts'nt'  i?«s of the p ople, ^hnuid have a
check u ion the other deosrtmen s of ihe Govern-
ment by being qble to grant or wit1 hold supplies
He certainly had no reason to expect that li-is most
silulary check, however it might Le r>e<-e^srry,
wiuld be in'erposed fey fhe majority cf tins House—
a Ho ise which, so far from being a barrier rg^i st
Executive ereroaehrt ent, he > oul 1 sa , if it were
not rroper by the rules th^r he shomd f at it with
resp"tt, h'd stultified it < 'f at the voiy commence-
ment of th  «PS'ion by a'opung a ru'e that it
w< uld transact no business eteept such as was re
cnmuiend-d by the Exemtive himself The con
duct of the m^j inly should not, bo «ever de er him
froei di chaigtng his duty, and he snould take Ibis
oneasmn to lmiu rehowfar theaitiiiitsirs'ionof the
Post OTi'-e DepTtmeU wj virtryol being sus-
tamed under t'ie pr snf ¿v pices, and, if the mi-
i -lgeirient cf the Departen nt la bal and it could
be reached b: no omer m"a<ureof reft rm,it would
bathe du1/ of tits House lo lo'nse to vo'e it fur-
ther m ais o' doms; i I The honorable member
from M s aefauset s [V? •• Brio s] t oittridaced
¡hts hil , oas uiVme h° H p m't tue ^j t O
ficr Deu^rim nt las b ue<to n (n|y v¡pportf,J
it elf b H ' as pa ' lh<- n of e n ''t'n of do|-
'ais, i ' urp'tis t.iinit < r inla> o/p it ex-
pers's, ¡n'o thegntr ! fn i , ?nd jef, at this
t m , «ben the busp-<■ oi 'h° <ovfury has reat y
ncr^a ed, vela e an app' cat oa f r h ¡fa nn1-
hon to Wp ihe D partment from bankruptcy
Mr F said he ha I no doubt that, had the laie
Pr s'mas'er General [Mr Ndes] been continued in
office, that, by a judici iu* sy,tem of curtailment of
mail service for a short pern d, all the expenses of
the Depanraent would ¡lave b en p id lrom its
own receipts, without any such application as ihis.
He brheved the prtsent Pcstmaster Gent ral to be
incompetent to discharge propyl? the legitimate
dunes of his-statun, and he lurther believed ¡hat
he had neglected thoce duties to a'tend to the po-
litical operations of the office—that instead
of applying himself to a careful management
of the finances of his office, he had davoted him-
self to the wretch d work of removals, of cutting
off heads Mr F did no'doubt lhat for the latter
branch of business he was abundandy competent,
for it was work, (lo use the Ipnzuage of a Presi-
dent of a Northern college, upon whom some
tnci had been played) «hie1! not require a Mo-
loch nor a Beelzebub, but rather soment'b, dirty,
spiteful devil. Not ot ly, said Mr. F does 'he
financial condi'ion of ¡he Deosrtmeot proclaim
the mcompe'ency of the incumber', but the power
of removal and appointment has beene-t-rcised m
a manner disgraceful to the coun'ry, ardso long
ps the duties of tha' office were discharged, or ra-
ther neg ected, and us powers abused, as they
now are, he wt uld not vote a dJIar for its support.
If ihe President disapproved of the cono'uet of this
member of bis Cabirft, it is his duty to di«ciarge
hn—'f he appr tes of it, thei there is a still
greater p'oprtety in withholdi ig th t appropriation.
Thete never was a time, said Mr. F since be had
known any thing of the acnon of tms Government,
when complaints of the ia fii'iercy of the mail
service «ere as loud and fieqtrnt as at the pre-
sent moment. It is so bad that even th  partisans
of the Administration are open mouthed against
H: and, as a single lis ant,e, he v/o^ld íeád a
short extract from the National Intel! gencer of
this morning, the oficial newspaper, in these
words-
" Itis cleai, from the condition of the Post Office Depart
ment that some radical refnm is necessary befoiethe service
em be well managed by the GoveiimuH and the llepait
ment"
What a commentary, Mr F continued, does the
Postmaster Geaeial furnish upon h's own conduct.
It is sa d that his rerruvals have avragt d one hun-
dred a"d thirly a we°k s-ince he has b e) n office.
And what reasm is given for this < ffie p havoc,
with which he has fed tat h s partj spitt 2 Why,
that the persons removed, difft-red politic i ]y from
the A ¡ministration. And now that it turns out
that the Postmaster General hiaitelf differs from
the Pie>ident upon what may be coni d°red the life
or death measure of his administration, do we
find that h'gh functionary fo'l iwins tne ruis he has
•pplifdwith so much rigor to o'l rs? Doe  he re-
sign? Nay, veniy,he r u ce his offices. 1 c'osef,
even with a dea'h sup
Mr. SALT0N3TALL vas surpr s d at the
grounds tiken against ihe bill. Here "ás an ad-
mitted debt due to innocent third parties, and a
g=mleman objected lo voting a do'Ur of it because
he had otj ct ons to the pies nt head Of the Post
Office D partment Vaosp ¿ ot was1 it? How
came it hert? Wh sc ,vas tht responsibilitj?
Why this tirade ¿¿a nst t ir Pt'1 ,ijs cr Ge^er il
because the Department had b ti lit n debt by
hio predtc'j or' Th" debt  yis ed, th" qj oiiull
was fthetaer it shou'd be '■¿iC'1 !t! rd bca mcui-
ted by the late hesJ ol the D pa «men , n„i by the
pre en , and because ihe ere htoro now ¡td fer
the r money, weie'he frt"nis ot !>e P^ ..master
Gentry to sit and h ar Lm attacl ed pt i v hhed
wnm he bal beenbttthret o fom ido lis in o{-
fi"e, becau e hehut1 ndd u co'omsrce t't eisc aige
ef his du i s with a heavy '"lit ?i haó}  ,i)ii t ¡,
hands'! J3U¡ ih-> ger It i in lad 'e  t e Holss
ki< \f hiso^jjct, it -¡is appi1- nt u t r / boty
th' gentU uwi's tlj ct vasto ma e a > o ent ¡>t-
tat ii on ihe Pestmasit > Ge t,rjl ft r eln*n t eenng
purposes, and fa'cai^e he haA 'e ovi from rffi s
some of the gentiermns oo t cm f íe ^ Hedi-
tued thtt the Pi <• master Cc J"i^i •-rid removed
officer^ but thos vfho t e- t ¡ i y, ^nl wno
h^d ncg ected their i1^ ¡«s o ,i en to elnc it neer-
in«. TRv only ju t gr u d oí co apiaim rn ihat
subject was, that he had noi rtiro/ed ntor^.
The geut'eman h)d referred to complaints of
p oscnptton, and had read to the Hou ea scrap of
a newspaper: but Mr S couid tell Sim that, m
Massachusetts, there were much greater and loud-
