376
who is capable in so shoit a lime of firming an
opinion whether the means of the Department
were sufficient to carv on its operations. Add to
this the fact, that this Department had never been
thrown on thegeaeral Treasury, from the beginning
of the Government till this day, and it would be
sufficient to induce him to pause before he voted for
the bill. He believed that upon no jost conside-
rations were they in a condition to take this leap in
the darksforno other reason, as iar as he could under-
stand^ than to'plunder the Treasury ior the purpose
of burdening the people with a load of debt at the next
Session of Congress. Whether the Pos'm aster Ge-
neral had turned his attention more to the decapi-
tation of his political opponents whom he found in
office, than to the dunes of hi* Department, he
could not say; but, said he, it is cur duty to ascer-
tain to a certainty what ihe. embarrass-m-iits of the
Department are, and whether it cannot, relieve it-
self from them by a prudent management of itsown
resources, before « e exhaust Ihe common Treasu-
ry by this largs appropriation. Mr. C. here ex-
amined and commented on thestatemen' iumthed
by the Post Office Department, and contended that
no sort of confidence could be placed in it. He
disclaimed the imputation made by the. gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Saltonstall] that he was
going to stop the wheels of the Government, be-
cause he had no confidence in the heads of the De-
partments. There was another reason why the
Postmaster General could not have properly inves-
tigated this subject. It has been said that lie has
removed from office about one hundred and twenty
persons psr week. He did not make the charge
that this was true, for he was sorry that he had not
authentic information on the subject, in conse-
quence of the Printer's not having returned the do-
cument containing that information, which the
House, nearly three weeks ago, ordered to be print-
ed; butif the Postmaster General had attended to that
duty, there was very good reason to believe that he
could not well have attended to any thing else. Ti:e
gentleman from Massachusetts justified the prosciip.
tions that had been made, and regretied that there
were not more of them, He remembered that ihe
Whig newspaper of bis town, in an article on this
subject, excused the Postmaster Genertl for not
proceeding faster with the work of proscription, by
showing what a number of cases he had to attend
to, and how impossible it was for him to get through
with them as fast as the expectant* required, brg-
ging them to be patient, as Ihe removals would all
be made in good time. All this was dune by a
party which professed, before the elections, to pro-
scribe proscription; which denounced the Demo-
cratic party as a prescriptive party, and promised,
if they succeeded, that no man ¡should be remo zed
from office for opinion's sake. According to the
doctrine of the gentleman from Mas-tchu.-et! ,
[Mr,. Saltonstall,] if the head of a Department
differs wuh the President on the-most important
political questions, it is tyrannical and unjust to
remove him from office; but if a clerk in one of
the Departments differs in opinion with lbs head of
it, it is right and fair to remove him. In the gen-
tleman's opinion, the work of proscription does
not go on fast enough. But go on, gentlemen; I
don't complain of proscription. All I complain
af is, the hypocrisy which professed to bo oppi^ed
to proscription before Ihe elections, and practises it
to the fullest extent ¡since.
With regard to the embarrassments of the ser-
vice, one way of getting over them would be to
Isssen the transportation. I do not know whether
the Postmaster General has resorted to ihis modo
of relief or noi; but it is probable he han not. I
understand he has discontinued the Sunday mail
between New York and Bos'on; but wi.eiher ¡hat
was done on the principle of economy or for ihe
introduction of another principle, which was- once
a subject of considerable controversy, an-! has re-
ceived the reprobation of the people, Í am not able
to say. The principle that ihe Post OJ1'- •■ should
sustain itself from its own resources, is a valuable
one, that ought not to be depaited ftoir, without
the most imperious necessity and :hd trust indis-
putable proof that the data on which tae applica-
tion is founded are correct.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr MORGAN made a few observations in sup-
port of the bill and in reply to Mr. Floyd.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that he would not have
said a word on the subject, if he-rnd not been a
member of ihe committee, and differing with a ma-
jority of it in regard to the propriety of the present
appropriation. Undsr these circumstances, it
would be necessary for him briefly 10 assign the
reasons which induced him to vote against it. If
an appropriation was to be made, he would prefer
that it should be made in the manner suggested
by his colleague, [Mr. Gilmer;] but be believed
that no appropriation was necessary. It had been
the settled pohsy of the Government from its foun-
dation to the present time to keep the expenditures
of ¡he Post Office Department within its receipts;
and it had sometimes occurred that there was an
excess of expenditure over the receipts, when the
expenditures were reduced; but on the other hand,
when there happened to be an excess of revenue
over the expenditures, it had been absorbed by in-
creasing the transportation. In this way the De-
partment got on very well, without cading on the
Tieasury for a dollar. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, said that ih« Department borro?/ed mo-
ney under Mr. Barry's administration, and that
the Government had to appropriate eight hun-
dred thousand dollars to pay the sum borrowed.
Thi.'i might be so; he would not pretend to eon ra-
dict it, but he believed the gentleman had been mis-
informed. On the contrary, he believed that Mr.
Kendall, who had been more persecuted by the
parly now in the majority on that fl.ior than any
other man in ihe Democratic ranks, had, by his
wise and prudent management of ihs Department,
not only paid off the debt created under M-\ Barry's
administration, but had left it with a surplus on
hand. Mr. H. atier passing the hish-st encomi-
ums on Mr. Kendall as a faithful and 'efficient
pitbhc officer, said he would invite that gentle-
man's persecutors to examine the books of Ihe De-
partment, and to institute the severest scrutiny into
his administration, paiisfied that such a scrutiny
would be sufficient lo demonftrate the correctness
of what he said. Under Mr. Kendall's adminis-
tration that Department would compare with any
Department of the Government. He would not
go into the subject of proscription, believing it un-
necessary to ihe present issue. He, however, con-
curred wuh Ihe gentleman from New Yoik that the
Execuiiw ought lo have around him his political
friends—men who agree wilh him in op;nion—'o
aid inir in the administration of Ihe Government.
Ho did'lot pmi'tss to know who were the Presi-
dent'! friends, but this he would say. that if he
will give us a Repchlican Government, as Mr.
H. b'lii-ved h-> would, he would stand up as,
the friend of John Tyler, if he was the only man
in the country to doit. G4r. H. then wnl in-o an
examination of the siatemenls of ihe Department,
coi.c'udwg with exptessing ihe belie i ihat it could
nave been carried on without calling upon ¡he
Treasury for a dollar, if the Postmaster General
had kept his tye on its receipts, ?nd kept i;s ex-
penditures within them.
ivlr. BOWNE, afier a few remarks, sa;d, that he
had no lanh in the head of this Department, and
he would give to the committee some of the rea-
sons why he had not. He ought to have said, in
the beginnim , that he congratulated his colleague,
[Mr. Morgan,] his Federal colleague from the old
Federal county of Cayuga, for having been safely
delivered of a speech, without having Colonel
Prentiss in it, F-?r once in ifaree years his col-
league had made a speech, which contained no
Apitefnl allusions to his (Mr. B'=) predecessor. His
colleague said that the charges miiie by another of
his col;  acues [ Vtr. Flovd] against the Pos'mister
Gene'ai were rude and unjust. Nor-, (?aid Mr.
B ) who it ¡ha,, eh- rges my colleague wlih rudeness
and injustice Why he who, a tew days ago,
brought up the nam: of the g nd-man, not then
prest nt, and with ihe grossest itiuVUc-.icy referred
to his priva'e tiansactions woh whi-h no one. had
any right to in'ermeddle. Ye?, this wis the con-
duct oi a gent.eman «ho now charge* farther with
rudeness and injustice for exercising th ; undoubl-
cd right of scrutinising the conduct <f a public
officer.
Mr. STANLY called Mr. B. to order.
Mr. ANDREWS trusted that the gentleman
would not be permitted to proceed without the per-
mission of the House. There was the rotundo
where gen decaen could go to settle their quarrels. .
Mr. BOWNE said, that when the Chair called
him to order he would take his seat.   INot till then.
Mr. STANLY said he never could bear to hear .
braying.
Mr. BOWNÉ continued. It gentlemen sup-
posed that by calling him to order, and applying
to him certain epithets which belonged to the voca-
balary of the all-decency party, they eould curtail
a single remark he intended to offer, they would
find tnemselves very much mistaken. Now, he
intended to proceed in order, and he was doing so
when interrupted, for he was replying to the charge
made by his colleage from Cayuga [Mr. Morgan]
against his colleague from Uttca [Mr. Flovd], of
rudeness and injustice to the Postmaster General.
He had good reasons why he would not appropri-
ate a single dollar beyond what was absolutely
necessary to provide for the presentjmperious ne-
cessities of the Department. The Postmaster Ge-
neral, on his part, had grossly deceived the people.
He went before them pre.vioui to ihe last election
with the doctrines of economy, retrenchment, and
reform continually in his mouih. He told the peo*
pie that proscription should be proscribed, while he
complained of the last Admmistratioa as a pre-
scriptive one. Like a certain notable personage
from ¡he State represented by the gentleman from
Massschusetts, [Mr. Saltonstall,] who spoke a
few momen's ago,he charged the late Administration
wish descending even so low as tide  ;aiters in their
removals; and what epithets were app'ied to them! _
ay, sir, such epithets as we have just learned from "
one of the all-decency party on this floor, "braying"
and the like choice specimens of tasie applied to
members of this body. They told the people, give
us but ihe power, and you shall have economy, re-
trenchment and rerorm; there shall be no proscrip-
tion for opinion's sake; no man shall be removed
from office for the honest exercise of his opinions.
They made the people b.-lieve it, sir. They ob-
tained the power ihey seugbt for; and what do we
now heat? The very moil ent they find them-
selves snugly sealed, they confess that all their
charges of extravagance against the last Admi-
nistration were unfounded. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] told you the other day
that there had been no extravagance on the part of
the last Administration, and that there had not
been a single dollar improperly expended by it.
Mr. ADAMS denied that he had used any such
language.
Mr. BOWNE. T! e gentleman from Massa-
chusetts might have intended to say what he says
now; but he was very unfortunate in the terms he
used to express his meaning. He is reponed in Ihe
public journals as having made the admissions I
quot'd, an 1 he never contradicted ihe report. But
to return to the professions and practises of the
present Administration. This party which so
strongly ieprobated proscription before the elec.
tions, now practices it to the utmost extent.
But thf gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Sal-
tonstall] now tells you ihat proscription does not
go on fast enough; and my Federal colleague from
Cayuga endorses the declaration. Now, here is
Whig profession belore the elections, contrasted
with Whig practises afterward?. Promises that
fell in honeyed accents from their lips to the dear
people from the rostrum and the stump—pro-
mises which they never meant to perform, and
which they now repudiate, ai i broken in every par-
ncular. Sir, do they believe the people to be fools?
ft would seem so, for ihey banded them out rattles
,-nd t>ys, as you would to children, to delude them.
Tue ver - tit-e of a bill had been framed to please
and delude the people dey so grossly deceived
¡"est fall. But the gentleman from Massachusetts said
tt.at Unworthy and incompetent men had been re-
novel m g,ve plsce lo men more worthy. He
would take issue with the gent'eman on that sub-
ject. He did no! pretend to know what had taken
place in Massachusetts, but he did know some-
hing about the proscriptions in his own State, and
particularly in his own county.    He also  knew
