CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.
379
clared himself against ii; aDd when any such
member should be appointed, he ought to avk to be
ejicu-ed fmrn service.
Under this view the Chair had' d.-cided, in'the
appo ntment of this committee, and the Senate
Would approve or disapprove that action.
, Mr. BENTON. That is the Lex Parliamentaria
of England from which you read, Mr. President,
and is no part of our rule?. It is English auihori-
ty—verygoid in the British Parliament, but not
valid in the Amer can Senate. It is not in our
rules—neither in the rules of the House nor m
those of the Senate; and is contrary to the practice
of both Houses—their settled practice for fifty
years. From the beginning of our Government
we have disregarded it, and followed a rule much
tnore consonant to decenry and justice, to pub ic
satisfaction, and 10 the results of fairlegisiation, and
that was, to commit our business to miied com-
mittees—committees consisting of fiiends and
fees or the measure, and of both political par-
ties—always taking care that the friends of the
mea>ure should be ihe majority; gnd, if it was a
political question, that the political party in power
should have the majority. Th.s is our practice;
and a w^e and good practice iy is, contiimng all
the good that there i-s in the British rule, avoiding
its harshness, and giving both sides a chance to
perfect or to understand a roeisme. Thi nature
of our Government—¡ts harmonious and succes-
ful action—requires bo'h parties to have a hand in
conducting the poblie business, both in the com-
mittees and the legislative halls; and th'S is the first
session at which commitiee busine-s, or legislative
business, has been confined, or attempted to be
confined, to one political party. The clause which
you read, Mr. President, I have often read mys?lr;
not for the purpose of sending a measure ¡o a com-
mittee of exclunve friends, but te prevent it from
going to a commit ee of exclusive enemies—in fact
to obtain for it a mixed commit'ce—such as th 
- Democracy has always given w ien in power—such
as it will again give when in power—and such as
is due to fair, decent, satisfactory, and harmonious
legislation.
The Senator from Alabama [ Mr. Kikg] so long
and so well acquainted with the rules and practice
of the Senate, has wetland justly objected to the
one sided ch trader of this committee. It is an
o'-'j-clion to it well taken; but it is also
oj.en to another objection, that of being
composed entirely of the junior members of
(he body. The whols five coiaurt'.ee men thus
appointed from the ranks of o ¡e party u take
chatge of this m >st important b li, are new mem-
bers, and who, by the piacüce of the body, should
bs placed on the committees of least importance—■
those which do riot ¡equire the greatest experience
and skill. Ttie Senators as they come in, and that
without any r'g>.rd to iheirage, talents, or charac-
ter, are placed en the small committee/—those of
Enrol'ed Bi'l-t—of Eigrossed Bills—of Contin-
gent Exp-nse?, &c. &•;. &c. The experienctd Se-
nators aie charlea '.vid) the «eighty subjects of
finance, foreign affairs, commerce, &e. &c. O.'aU
our committees that of Finance is the most im-
periant. it s.Kiids si the head of the list, and is
cbatged with the g'avest subjects, and is always
composed of experienced Sena'ors, and those who
have conn an aptitude aud capaes y f >r the iu-
t.ieats and weighty matters with which 'hey are to
be charged. To this committee has i.lwjys, before
this ¡.ession, gone the Bank question: now tint
committee, on which the Democracy has one mem-
ber, end only one. bit' one & ho ,3 too much for
many, [Mr. Woodbury:] ¡s supersede! by a spe-
cal committee; snd 'hat sp-ch! c;>te,>rutea c-n-i.'s
ni the five jani r. ore siCd ineuih-rs, w'dch sub-
jects it to on" anirn dvt IS'< r>, Duibll'.'^s
tha-t comra tiee a e very eo-epe'etit to 'he
rieal work wh-ch is cutnmiit"J to tHem. S;
Oicepiion is taken to 'heir skid, rar>ari'y,
ab'hty, a id eminent fitness in ever.- way, so Ur
astb'y are indivVua'lv and perionallv concerned,
for discharging ¡he hign duty to which they are
called to the excius on or all the old Senator;. But
that is not the thing. We have rules to go by, and
proprieties to be consulted, asd decencies to be
observed; and these rales, these proprieties, and
these decencies, require the younger Senators to
b? employed first in the minor business of the Se-
nate, and to be advanced gradually afterwards to the
head of iho<a which are most important. I do not go
for juniors being put over the heads of senior.', either
>n civil or military affairs. I am no friend to
"overslaughing," either in the Senate or in the ar-
my. I have no notion of seeing Majors put over
Colonels, or cadets fresh from West Point shot
ahead of veterans who have had the earth for a
bed, and the heavens for a coveting, for many long
years; and, upon the same principle, I object to
these five young Senators, who have just appeared
among us, being advanced to the place which fee-
longs of ngh. to ihe Sena'ors who have been here
many years. Tnese are my objections to the com-
mittee—all of ore side, and'all juniors. They
are emphatically of one side. I do not know
exactly how many sides our politics have at pre-
sen!; but, it if cer'ian Democrccy has no friend on
this committer; it is pretty certain the President has
none: and it is quite certain that the Federalists
have all. I venture ¡he a^sention that the Presi-
dent has none; my assertion subject to be corrected
by the developments of Ihe en«aing fortnight. A
fortnight will tell. In the mean time, I say, all
things considered, there should have been one mem-
ber upon it frien-% to President Tjler—one at
least for him—one for cs—and three for them.
Wiih this we would have b en content. Without
this we are discou'ented; and that, not personally,
but for the sake of fair pi-y and the public good.
I anneal to the public to say, if the Democracy and
th; President have been served right in this busi-
ness? Whether the country has been served right?
Whether the bink par'y has no; got an an vantage
in this commitiee which helps it, and hurts us?
The Senatnr from Akbaraa, [Mr. King ] to
whose attentive concern for the preservaron of our
rul:s ard ordsr--., we are md-b ed for the motion
he ha« j„"-t made, and the notice he has Ukeri of
this comadreo, has told us that on'y in a single
ca^e heretofore his a one-sided committee been ap-
pointed, and that for a special reason in relation to
the District of "Coliimbi-i. That Senator is very
correct at all time;; but he will not take it amiss if
Í shall suggest to him that he is in error now—
that there has beeen one o'hir occasion in
which a one-sided committee xvas employed—
and that in a very important case—con-
corning no leis a power than Mr. Biddle's Bank,
and even Mr. Biddle himself. I speak of Ihe
committie which was sent by'his Senate to ex-
amine ihe Bank of the United S'a'es in the sum-
mer of 1834, when charged with insolvency and
criminality by G-neral Jackson—charges which
lime have proved to be true—and when th<? whole
committee were oí one party, and that parly op-
posed to General Jadro'i, and friendly to the
Bink. And what became then of the rule of Bri-
tish parliamentary 'aw, •?. hiehhas jirt been read?
!t had no application ihen, thrush if wou'd have
c.-.t ■-£" every member of the coram i !ee; for not ;
one of (h;m was favor; ble to the irquiry, but
ihe contrary; and the thnj ended a  a!! esnee-i.
I mention this a, an instance of a oite-ss'" <] cm
¡"ii'iee, wb.ch the S-T.atrr (rom A'i>ba'na ha* o- er-
U.oked, and wh'ch eesetvs to be paitu-olsrly rc-
mernb ration ¡hií oecsioo, for a n: n which Í
will mention before I re-era" my -eat.
Ba!, to 'e'U'ti ¡;> our co-m,;;!. ,* of j-intoTs and ¡
exclusive;-: what is it nvh ■.•■'^[rh tV- a>e charm'"? ¡
That  tri.'a.uec  wh;<h   i=.   !!".?"."r";   (•< i. e.isotcs'n I
the eves t>C the  Fc'eial    .d.r>y—div   m ssu-e  f> r 1
i. ii'vh   i1 ; s-b'-i':i   ve.s  cl'i'' - .vnho'it r'andn '
wii'Ch we are po* ^ilov.p't io sep~i.-t'—^'.r balk r-x
w'-i.-h ihe P-ep'ileat i. to 1'? tiihors.;-'—¡u d  vhieh
(change ¡ts n • me n-   vois  p'c-e) is ,-t.ll  the ..'.me ,
ih'Ui—e, ^mioir.i Bar.k  f^ s*'/e  the D-inectary,   t - i
píiííid. i' ihv pco¡il;\ <i¡i-l íe bhul i.5 -o r.Hi'land     1'i'S  \
í.}""-'- rr¡ a-Ule   i".   í epiTietid  to :'-• ■  •ra'tooíi-
r,ii!! e.  e-oís    a    new     umt   rp"¡i    ''s   i id    o   d \
bir-zm  fo-e'ietd.      it   has   a   na.r.e   as   ro.-.-   a«
:,e   rao'al  la~;    half   íub T.??=■•' y    ar.d   half
Balk     It is called .3 bill for the ceZ.ve ¡>n, saftketp
iiig, f3*an'/*,r mul iVshunemzv.l cj thp, pvhlicm-:iiei$ by
means of a, Fi'Cil Corporaihncf'.he. UuveA Stales if
Jmsrica    Heave ?, what a name!   Too lo:>g! too
long! and fraudulent besides.   It wnl never do.
People cannot go through Sll that. We «lUsT-teSve
soneth'ng shoaer-^sotneihing that will dojor,every
day use. C0RP0R0S1TY! that woald be a great
abridgement; but it is still-too long. It is fivesylla-
bles, and people will not go above two s>;llabJes,,ot
three at most, and often bang at one, in names
which have to be incontinently repeated. They-are
all economical at that, let them be as extravagant
as they may be in spending their money. .T^iey
will not spend their breath upon long nameswliich
have to be repealed every day. They must bav«
something short and pointed; and, if you don'tgive
it to them, they will make it for themselves. The
defunct Fiscal Bank was rapidly taking the filies of
fiscality; and, by alliteration, rascality, and if it
had lived, would soon have beencompendioqsly
and emphatically designated by some brief and sig-
nificant title. The Fiscal Corporation cannot expect
to have better luck. It must undergo the fate of all
great men and of all groat measures overburthened
wiih titles—it must submit to a short name.
There is much virtue in a name; and the poets
tell us there are many on whose conception
Phoebus never smiled, and at whose birth no
muse, or grace, was present. In that predicament
would teem to be ibis intrusive corporosiiy, which
we have rece.ved from ihe other House, and sent
to our young committee, and which has mutation
of title without alteration ot subsar.ee, and without
accession of euphony, or addition of sense. Some
saya name is nothing—that a lose by any other
name woald smell as sweet. So it will; and a thorn
by any ether name would stick as -deep. And so
of these fiscals, whsiher to be called banks or eor-
poiaiions. They will still be the same thing—a
thorn in our side-—but a short name they must
have. This cotporosiiy must retrench its extrava-
gance of title.
Mr. WOODBURY said, call it the Botts Bank.
Mr. BENTON.    Very well; any thing, so it is
short.   I f<o tor short names, and will give reasons
for it.  The people wili have short names, although
they may spoil a fine one; and I will give yon an
instance.    There was a most beautiful young lady
in New Orleans some years ago, as tbere.aiways
has been, and s ill are many such.    She was a
Creole, that is to say, born in the country, of parents
from Europe.    A gentleman who was building a
superb steamboat, toek it into his head to honor
ihis young lady, by connecting her name with his
vessel; so he bestowed upon it the captivating de-
signation of La Feli-ts Creole.    Th s fine name
was  painted in  golden  letters on the sides of bis
vessel; and  aaay  the  went,   dih ihree  huadred
hor«e power,  to  Ken ucky and Ohio.   The ves-
sel   was   beautiful,   and   the  name was beauti-
ful, and the lady was beauufui; but all the beauty
on earth could not save the name from the catase
trophe to which all  lonu  titles are subjected.    It
was immediately abbreviated, and, in the abbrevia-
tion, sadly d.-teriorsjed.    At first, ¡hey called her
ihe bill— not the French ¡?sl/e, which signifies fine
| or beautiful—but the plain Engl.sh bell, which, in
m« Ho:y Scriptures, was d fined 'o be a tinkling
cymbal.   Tni< w?s ad enocah; but  worse was
erring.    It so happens that the vernacular pro-
nunciation oí creóle,  in  the  Kentucky  waters, is
1 cre-owl; so ¡hey tesan to call this beamitul boat
ihe cre-owl! but mingó did not stop here-    It was
t o extravagant to employ two syllables when one
I    wtu ti answer as well, rnd be so much   more eco-
1    noniica'; so Ihe first nal. i f the tir.me was; dropped,
i    pea i'.ie ie.-it ¡e'aii!. d; and thus  Li Btlle   Creole—
|   tli-bctutihilcKole—sailed up and down the Mis-
i   si^-i-pi all her life l>v tfae  name,  style,  title, and
•.-e.enp-i'"i of, Tits Owl I   ,(R...ars of laughing in
the Senate, wiih eiclamat'ons from several, that it
-. as ¡i ■.■nod nnree !,m bank—ihai  there   was an
|   Oal-Cfcck Bank in Ovo osee, now dead and in-
;   so!v->o', out, in its day, a- good s>s the best.)
:        Mr. B cor.tmued.    ! do ¡.ot knew whether owl
•   vdi do i-i ;h'3 ehi'dof !..ng name, and many fa-
1    th.-ts; bin w,t must hate a ea-ie, and must conti-
! noe úving tdl we get on-.     Let us i.unt far and,
i wicíe ' L=t us have lecourse to the most renowned
Esop and his fables, and to  that one of his fables
which teaches us how an old black cat succeeded
insetting at the rats again after having eaten  up
too many of them, and become too well known,
