S80                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.....    .,,                      w               ,                   ===
under her proper form, to catch any more She
rolled herself over in a meal tab—converted her
black skin into white—and walked forth among
the rats ,as a new and innocent animal that they
had never seen before All were charmed to see
her' but a quick application of teeth and claws to
the throats and bellies of the rats let them see
that it was their old acquaintance, the black cat,
and that whitening the skin did not alter the in-
stincts of the animal, nor blunt the points of its
teeth and «laws. The rats, after that, called her
the meal-tub cat, and the mealy cat. Muy we not
call this corporosity the meal-tub Bank? A cat-tsh
name would certainly suit it in one particular, for,
like a cat, it has many lives, and a cat, you know,
must be killed nine times before it will die, so say
the traditions of the nursery, and of all histories
the traditions of children are the most veracious
Tbey teach us that cats have nine lives So of
this Bank It has been killed several times, but
here it is still, «cratching, biting, and clawing
Jackson killsd it in 1832, Tyler killed it last
week. But this is only a beginning. Seven times
more the Fates must cut the thread of it  hydra
life before it will yield up the ghost.
The meal tub! No inbignificant, or vulgar name.
It hveb in history, and connects its fame with
kings and statesmen We all know the Stuarts of
England—an honest and bigoted race in the be-
ginning, but always unfortunate in the end. The
second Charles was beset by plots and cabals
There were many attempts, or supposed attempts
to kill him, many plots against him, and some
v*ry ridiculous, among the rest one which goes by
the name of the meal-tub plot; because the papers
which discovered it were found in the meal-tub
where the conspiratois, or their enemies, had
hid them. Now, between that meal tub plot
in England, and this corporosity conception in
America, there may be a similitude, and a striking
one (if you will pardon a pun) in this, that, where-
as, each had killing for their object ' the English to
kill a Ku?g, the American to kill off a Piesident'
It so, I hope the American President may have
as good luck as Charles the Second—I am sure he
deserves better—and escape all the machinations
of meal tub, or corporacious conspirators, whether
the design be to kill him off, or to chain him to a
bank car
Sir, I have given you a good deal of meal this
morning, bul you must take more yet It is a
fruitful theme, and may give us a good name be-
fore we are done wuh it I have a reminiscence,
as the novel wri'ers say, and I wi 1 tell it When
a small boy, I went to school in a Scotch Irish neigh
borhood, and learnt many words and phrases
which I have not met with sine, but whien were
words of neit piih and pjwei, among tie rest
shdke~p<-ke (Mr Akciius I never hcaid that
before) Mr Benton But you have heard ot
poke You know the ada?e do no' buy a pig
in the poke, that is to say, 11 the bag, f( r poke sig
nines bag, or wallet, and is a phrase much used
inihe noith of Edgland, and among the Scjich
Irish in America A pig is carried to market ma
poke, and it you buy it without taung it out first,
you may be ' taken m " Sn corn i carried to a
mill in a poke, and when brought home, gn unj
into meal, th' meal remains m the poke, m tie
houses oí poor fam lies i-ntii it is used up When
the bag is nearly ernp'y, it is turned upside down,
and shaken, and the meal that comes out is called
the shakt-poki', that is to say, the last shake ot the
bag. By an easy and natural metaphor, this term
is also applied to toe last ch Id that is bora m a
famil), especially it it is puuy or a i >c!<ay c^ic^ra
The last child, like the last meal is a le 1 a hike-
poke, and may we not call th\^ fiscalous corporation
a shake poke also, and íor the sime reason? It is
the Mm— he last at all eve its for ihe session ' it is
the last mea1 in their big—their shake poke ' and
it i> certainly a rickety concern.
I do not f re end t impce a Fame upon this
bastlmg- that is a privilege oí paiernity, or of
sponsorship, and 1 s and in ntither rela'ion to this
babe. Bit a name of brevit}—of brevity ana sig
mneauce—it must have; and, if the fathers and
sponsers do not bestow n, the people will for a
long name is abhorred and eschewed m all countries.
Remember the fate of John Barebone, the canting
hypocrite in Cromwell's íme. He had a very good
name.f John Barebone; but the knave composed a
long verse, like Scripture, to sanctify himself
wuh it, and intituled hims If thus —" Praise
God, Barebone, for if Christ had not died for
you, you vlouli be damned, Barebone " Now,
this was very sanctimonious, but it was too long—
too much of a good thing—anil so the people cut
it a'l off but the lust twp words, and called the
fellow "damned Barebone," and no hing else but
damned Barebone, all his life after Sj let this
corporosity beware it may get itself damned before
it is done with us, and Tyler too
But, enough. Let us give over names, and talk
about the new*. Have you heard the news, Mr.
President? It not, I am but a poor hand to tell it
to you, for I hear nothing but what I meet on the
pavement as I walk backwards and forwards from
the school-room of my children to the Senate
Chamber of the United States I hear but little,
but that I will give you. It runs thus Col. Dayton
is out of the Bank' He is out1 and you know how
much sorrow 1 expressed that a South Carolina
gentleman had gone into it Near three months
ago, in my nrst speech here, I expressed that sor-
row. He ¡s gone' BidMe is m' not corporeally,
for that would injure the corporation. But
he is in, and Samuel J anion was here, and
helped to write the charter of this Corporation
Fiscahty, and it is all a Biddle Bank concern !''
Look at the subscribers tor the stock, that are to be
See section 1, line 10 Corporaiions1 tbey are to
subscribe' and the Biddle Bank, and its a<fihations,
are io take the whole Tn plain English, we are
rechartenng the defunct United States Bank, mak-
ing it worse than ever, and giving it a charter for
nothing, which might be sold for five millions in
open market. Tms is the news, -sir' and here we
a'l are, beset and beseiged bv Biddle's Bank' a
thing loo weak to pay a dollar toa creditor, but
strong enough to imprison the Senate—to gag
the House—to menace the Pres dent with expul-
sion from office—and to hold Congress together
until it again takes the vote upon its imperious de-
mand for a charter'
And now, Mr. President, I have but one word
more to say, and that is to comply with my promise
to show the propriety of constituting this commit-
tee, to whom we have commit ed this Fiscal Cor-
porat on, on the same principles on which was
constituted the Bank Examination Senatorial Com-
mi'lee of 1834 Thn propriety is in ihj^ Both
institutions are the same I'h-y aie both the «ame
thing—Biddle Banks— nd both require the tender
care of kindly friends '
Mr ICING said the parliamertary law as reaj
by the President, had now been introduced into
nthtr Hou<t of Congres, but the praetice hüd, -\s
he had already stated, fstabhsl'ed a rule altogether
d front Mi" King said he had pecomphsned
li  ob] c(, no Sep? or bal atiemp'e-t to íusli y
the act,  he  o Id thertiorp withdraw his motion
Mr WALKER t ¡d not n=e to take exception to
the cot r>e of t^e President in this matter, but to
say hat the rule to which the Chair had referred
had ntvr been acted on m the Senate He re-
feried io various instances of appointments of
committees by the Senate, which were all adverse
to this c >urse, i d hoped ths Chair would recon-
sider the appointment
Mr SMI TH ot Indiana hoped the order of the
day v. onld now be proceeded with
Mr KING withdrew his motion.
The Distribution Lili w?s thsn again taken up,
and
Mr ARCHER took up his unfinished speech of
yesterday, and spoke about half an hour m  con
elusion
Mr WOODBURY opposed the bill at length,
as ^constitutional, inexpedient, and inconsistent
in ih cwnproMoions. He aisserM var ous argu
men s thit had b en made in favor of thi> bill,
du'ing ihe course of its discussion He hoped
th t such a violation of the Constitution would
not pass nere, and if it did, he ti usted m God that
there was another department in which it. would
be arrested; from the considerado is laid down in
the President's message, thi, act was as much a
violation of the Constitution as the Bank charter
was
Mr TAPPAN then responded m a few words
to the imputation of Mr Archer on the new
States, suggesting that they were inclined, and
would, at no distant day, seize the public lands,
and convert them to their own use, in defiance of
ngnt and the compacts under which they were
held Mr T said he was one of the earliest set-
tier* of the Northwestern Territory—that no man,
he believed, knew belter than he did the temper
and modes of thinking among the Western peo-
ple in regard to the questions touching the public
domain, and he felt himself authorized to declare
the statement of the Senator from Virginia a
calumny, although he did not believe it was meant
as such by the Senator. The body of the people
in the new States entertained no design of seiz-
ing the public domain, in defiance of law and
compacts.
Mr. ARCHER, explained, and as far as we
could gather from his indistinctly heard exprés-
sions, he said his remarks were but an inference
from declarations made on the floor by a member
representing one^of the new States
Mr. SEVIER said that he supposed the reference
was made to his remarks a few days since. He
repeated what he had said, and asserted that the
refusal to permit toe General Government's ofheers
to exe -uie the law  in his State, would only follow
from to'al violation of the compacts with States in
regard to such lands He said that on the fulfil-
ment of' xistwg laws, made to carry out the com-
pacts, thai e would alwavs be a hearty acquiescence,
and the re sistance he spoke o he only supposed in
cases of fl asrant and oppressive infraction of the
rights of th  new States, secured to them by all the
sanctions ot the Constitution, as well as the com-
pacts, 'ome of which he alluded to.
Mr Sevier then went at large into the policy
of the present measures, and placed them in new
and striking lights
Mr WRIGHT said, Mr President, if I could
look upon this measure in a less serious aspect
than that in which it has presented itself to me, in
every stage of its progress, from its first introduc-
tion into Congress, many years since, to the pre-
sent moment, I should not attempt to detain the
faénate row, at this late hour of the day, at this
protracted stage ot the debate, and ut der ihe lm 
patiei l feeling before me, with a single remark.
As it is, and viewing the bill as one of. the most
important which has ever met the final action of
„this body, while I must ask a {evi moments of the
time of the Senate, I will promise not to trespass
bevond the bounds o* a reasonable patience
I must, therefore, defend myself, at the com-
ment ement, by saying that I do not propose to
touch a 'ingle ground, constitutional or otherwise,
upon whi^h this measure has be n originally at-
tempted to be sust?med I consider all those
groun Is already taken from under it Nota sin-
gle vestige of the original distiihution principle, as
advocated here, whether as applicable to the land
revenue, or to a general surplus of revenue, re-
mains to those who now pre0s this policy. Yet
it is pressed, and various great and leading
posit ons, mo^t lnumately connected with it, are
lu ly admitted upon all sides of the House, and of
the argument These it will be necessary for me
to recall to the recollection of the Senate, before I
proceed to the particular provisions ot the bill,
which it is my main object to notice, though it will
compel me to a repetition of what has again and
again been sa d, in the course oí the tedious ac
non oí ihe Senile upon this deeply interesting
measure
Fust, then, it is admi'ted that there is now n<s
surplus revenue to distribute. That time has gone
by, and now an empty Treasury stares us in the
iace To shut us dotrs, we have aiready, during
tV present s ssion, author zed a loan, upon the
credit of the people, of twelve millions of dollars,
and yet we are told, almost daily, by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance of this
body, [Mr Cuy of Kentucky,] that a further loan
is expected tc be required betore this year shall
leave us, that before the month of December shall
have passed away, the wants of the Treasury alone
