S$&                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ally distributed; and three millions of dollars, there-
fore, is the sum to be annually raided by new taxes,
to Supply m the Treasury that deficiency which
this bill is to create. Take th-i S'ates of New
York and Delaware for the comparison Tne con-
stitutional rule for levying the taxes is that of Pe
¿feral representative population. By this rule,
when ihe ihree millions lb to be collected in taxes,
New York must pay forty dollar* where Dslawate
pays one dollar. When the three millions is to be
distributed to the States under ibis bil', for every
forty-two dollars w uch are paid to New York,
three dollars are to be p¿id to Delawaie. D la-
ware, th<=n, ab compaied with Nei/Yurk, contri-
butes to the (and as one to forty, under ihe rule of
the Constitution, and receives from the fund as
three to forty-two, under the rule fixed by the bill.
Can this be consu utionai? If Congress can con-
stitutionally make the distribution at all, must it
not be made by the same rule by which the Con-
stitution compels it to collect the money? Will
gentlemen contend that Qongress can constitu-
tionally compel New York to pay taxes, to accu-
mulate a fund to be given to the State of Delaware?
This bid will do so. Tnere is no escape from the
consequence.
And ano h r and more alarming consequence
must also follow If Congress can depart at a'l
from the constitutional rule of taxation in making
a distribution of this fund, it can depart to any ex
tent; it cannot vary the rub of taxation, but
when the money is collected it can give to each
State an equal -urn, it cin give the whole to one-
half of th<" Sia es, and to the oth-rs nothing; er it
can give the whole to a single Sia'e. If the rule
of distribution ií not governed by the Constitution,
but the mere discretion of Congress, there is no
limitation upon ihe inequality and injustice which
may be practised Under this bi 1 as it is, Dela-
ware compared with Pennsylvania con'ribule' to
the fund 10 b-- d, tributed as rnr to twenty eight,
and receives from it in the disuibuuon as one to
ten; and if this be constitutional, so would b« a
law which should compel Pennsylvania and Dela-
ware to raise a fund by taxation in the proportions
of twenly- tght to one, and when raised, to divide
it equally between taem Will any man stand up
and say that the Constitution of the United States
sauctions such injus ice?
Another provision of the bill is open to the same
objections, if possible, more strongly and palpably
exhibited.    I refer to the provision  which gives
to the new Suues ten per cent, from the entire fund,
before the generil distribution  10 all the States is
entered  upon,   'llrs provis on exemplifies prac-
tically   the sounlies, of  ote   of   the  positions
above taken     It is, in efT ct, ¡j raise a  fund
by   taxation,   accord ng    to   the    constitutional
rule from  all   ihe Stales,   and   give the   whole
money   to   a   part  of    them      Suppose   again
the whele fund Icr annual disiiibution, to be thr-e
millions of dollars     ihen, by ih-p-ovtíion under
consideration, three hundred thousand dollars of
the amount, ju*t one-ten h of the whole, are firs*
to be taken out and paid to certain S'üe-, n?mfd,
in unequal and arbitrary proportions, not accord-
ing to their population, or rep-esentation, or taxa-
tion, but dependen1 up n the location of ihe lint'"-,
which  had happen tu have been so'd for the given
year.    Hence i'   may well  happen  that som- of
these favore]  State*, tor some years, may not re-
ceive as much  fiom this te i percent funds as the
same  State   will  be   compelled   lo contribu'e  in
taxes, to make food  to  the Treasui y its subtrac-
tion   from  it.    Whether   this   may be so or not,
however, the ihree hund'ed   thousand  dollars is a
fund to be annually raised  in  taxes fr, m a'l ihe
S ates, aepíidmí to ihe constitutor al rule of t?-ra-
tion, for ih  sole ard excinctve u ■> of a "<nall nu-n-
berof de united  S'aUs     Of th>«¡ tund of three
hundred  tb <u->and  dollars, J>fe7  Y( rk must pay
forty parts ou ofn'o hundr"d and forty-two parls,
almost one- íxth 01 the i ho'e  amount,   and must
receive back no h¡ g     Sn?  must pay almost fif v
thousand dollar ?nn .ally to tit's fund, from which
she is to receue not one ctnt     Can the Constitu-
tion authorize such exuc >oas for such   u es?   Can
we compel ail the butes to pay taxes for ihe sepa-
rate and exclusive local use of a stogie State, or a
small number of the State 1 It cannot be. Such
powers are not given U h s general ¡igulatu'e by
that in*trument.
I have heard but one reason attempted to be ac-
s gned for this invidious 2r-i.t to a ew States, and
that one is, lh«U the new S ates ate so ripnily i i-
cteas rg in popula'ton, in companion with thy old,
that if the disnibution were by a umfoim rule
upon, eacn cen-us, before the expiraíK n of each
period of ten ye-rs, from one cen«u= to another,
tr.eir popu'ation would far exceed the distributive
share they would receive by the oM cnsiis, ?nd
Ik nee that this ten p r ca> per annum extraotdi-
nary up n d e whole fur d should be given to
ihem. Does th s argument avoid at al1 the consti-
tu'ional difficulty? Is • constitutional lule of
'axat on changed as to them, m eonseqience of
their change of populatt't? Certainly not If
Congress were to appoi'i"n the three mtllio is in a
tax, th  proportion for erch State wouli be ascer-
tained by the then l?st r ensus; ard although a
part cular State shoal i, in pcmt of fac havp
doubled its population after the taking of that
census, yet Congress could not consmuUopa ly in-
crease its quota of t>x bcond what the census
would impo e Take tha oilier side of the ques-
tion. Sappr&eone of the old States should have
lost a Urge sha'e of its population at the time of
Ihe imposition of the tax, cou'd Congress consider
it, and lighten its barden? Surely not. Its quota of
tax would be^ascertained by the then last census,
and no regard whatever could be cojstilutunallv
paid to any change of population subsequent to the
census. The Constitution has not only graduated ¡
leprescntation and taxa'ion upon pipulation, but j
it has fix d ihe periods when ihtt population shall
be ascertained, and knows no change between
those penods. If, then, this be the rule for the
burdens, so also should it be for benefi s; and it
would be as constitutional to cay that the re pre
sentat on of the new Sta'es ou;ht to be anpirtiened
more fiequently than once in ten years, an ac-
count of their rapidly increasing populalive, while
their liability to taxation should lemain stationary,
as to c intend that their d.stnbjtive shares under
thn bill should be increased beyond the ratio for the
other States, while thur liability for the taxes
which supply the fund to bj distributed is not
changed. This reason, therefore, does not help
out the case fiom the objection of prmcip'e, and it
is upon the ground of punciple alone that I hive
intended to discus* these two objvctionabie pro-
visions.
I vt i<h to be di incllv 'inderstood here. I do
not envy tho new Siates any thing t oy are to re
ceive U')c'e< this bill. I do not think they <*tt too
much for the sjcufice Ihey will be c m lel'ed lo
make, for I b"lteve in my heart it will b* one of
the most blunting mefsu-es to Ihem which was
ever pesem'dto Corgiess, orvhichthe wit of
man could devise against ihcir quiet ?nd prnspenty
Th"re is ¿no ¡,ei principle viola'ed by these p o-
visions ot tnis bil1, to w'hci I must give a moment's
attention     T.is uhnle pol cv if d striuutirg to ihe
Sute, th" [íoceedsot the sales of the public lands,
was oiigt \ally  re ted  up >n  the de ds ot cessi  n
fiom  certai i  States  ta the United S ates of thnr i
unlocated   domam    Th  Sa'e-, it was ad, hal I
made  t^ese colons for a particular pu-pose,  th  j
paymtiit of the debt ot  Revolution, a d that debt
being pa'1, that th* States themselves, aid n t Ihe I
Federal Government, shau'd enjoy the suiolus pro- '
cea U     Ail ihe 'resumptions have been, over ar d I
over a„atn,  shovin to   be unfounded in fact, and i
wholly  insufficient t  M's'am this measure, if they '
w re iseli fomd-d, inasmuch  es bul amere fríe   |
lion of tro land-  wh ch rema'n unsold are  wilhn
th  cededte-r" iv,but forth   purpo es of tl is argu- i
ment  I will     oppj e tint the=e positions are well  |
pssumed, anl  're Sti es  htve a right to ihe pr - i
Cceds oi ihe land   ceded, and vl.ich nm-tu unsoid,
by vi'tue oftho^i   de'ts.    Aid what are ih*   re-   I
snpc'ive lights of ihe  Slice,  as pjrprcssly defined
upon   the face of the de ds?    Th'y are to mtsrests
in  thJ  lands, and consequently in Ihe proceeds of
their sales, "according to their several and respective
propnrhms in   the. general charge and expenditure."
I quote  fiom  memory,  but  b-ievel quote  the
terms, certainly I do the snbs'ance of the deeds.
What were and are "the several and rcsp c rve
proporti ns in the geneial charge and expenditure"
rf the States of the Confederacy and Siates ot the
Union' The bability to taxation was the rule
unde- ihe anieles of confederation, snd is the rule
undei the Constitution
How, thea, do the provisions ol hie bill lo which
¡have referred, square with the deeds of cession?
It was s-id, at our last session, by a dis mgu'shed
lawyer whose seat was before me, [Mr. Crittek-
dfn of Kentucky] that he could, if the United
Stau s were suable, b/ a bill in Chancery, i eco ver
these ceded Jund-, or the proceed  of them, in favor
of the S'ates agiiiist this Government. In what
"proport'ons" would his recovery have been made?
"According to their several <ind respective propor-
tions ir the general rh^rge and expenditure." Is
there any ten per cent to th  new States, or any
(ommixture of the S°nate, m this distribution?
No. It is a distribution to the States of a strictly
equal and equitable character "accorátng to their
several and respective proportions in the general
charge and expenditure " Why, then, are the deeds
of cession, as well as the Constitution, violated in
the provisions oí this bill? In neither can there be
found any cover for the ten percent to the new
Siates, or for the introduction of this branch of
Congress as a part of the data upon which the dis-
tribution is to be made. Tne several and respec-
tive proportions of the S'ates in the general charge
and expenditure have no reference to this body,
and ihe ten per cent, to the new States is a modern
invention I a'k again, why are these provisions
introduced? Is there but one answer? Topas3
the bill Without gra'U'ties to the new States, in
"omeform, the measure could not stir an inch n
ibis body, an I without advantages to the small
States over the large ones, its fate here, where all
the Slates are equal, might be at least doubtful.
Is th's an ungenerous answer to the inquiry, after
what wr have seen in the course of our action upon
ihe bill? To me it is the only known answeT to
the inquiry I make.
I repeat, therefore, that I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, of the House of Representa-
tives, of the President, and of the country, to these
unequal, unjust, and unconstitutional provisions,
and then I shall have discharged my duty in these
part'eu'ars.
I desire, Mr. President, to offer a few words up-
on what seems to me to be the unavoidable ten-
dency of the policy upan which this bill rests, and
I will relieve tne S-nate We aro daily told of
our exposed add deiciiceless condition a< a nation,
ot ih* delicacy of our relatiors wi'h the most
powcrf il naiion in the woild, and of the necessi-
ty of a sr-efy and <m„ien' prep&rauo.i on our
pattfor h stile relations and self defence. The
plans for d< fending the co uury are laid before us,
aii we see and know that they involve an ex
pense of a vast amount, anl far beyond any ím-
melia'e means ?t our command. We daily mag-
•mfy the rec^sity of the expenditures by our
speeches here and prclaim our perfect and com-
plete exposure lo the whole world, and
still, iTsttad of applyi ig ourselves to the
woik of na'ional deierce, or the means
tn Oa- power to those objects, v,e are pro-
tracting to an unrepsi. cable extent this most ex-
traoidinary session of Congress, in a scramble for
a di tnbut on to the Siates of the most certain
source of revenue of an a'ready exhausted Trea-
sury. We ,<re, day by day, patching au already
overloaded bill to Pive tl stiength enough to pass
this bouy, and thuo accomplish this unhallowed ob-
ject.
Our la t m difica'ion i most significant. It has
brought all sufficient streng Si to the bill; and
wiih whaf prospect K>r our country? What is it?
Tnat ihe gmera! revenues shall not be raised bt-
jond a ceitain point for pny object, without ter-
innaii'ig ins i ur favorite dMnbuiion system
Who thai f.ivi rs ihis suicidal policy can, hereafter,
vote for appropriations for defences? Such a vote
miy make this favorite measure a deid letter
upon ihe statute book. Who that favors this po-
licy, can hereaf er ay to our gallant navy, Be in-
creased and strengthened? Who that makes this
nieasuie Ms own, can, in any time to come, give
