his aid to defend our coast, and  protect our fron-
:    Jier?   It cannot be done,  sir, unless this bill be
"    made Inoperative, or this restriciion upon it re-
1   moved.   It cannot be done, unless this policy be
f   abandoned, for the spirit which takes three mil-
*" lions of dollars a year for distribution from a Trea-
.'    sury not now sufficiently supplied to meet the ordi-
nary demands of the country, will take for the same
purpose whatever may be in that Treasury, which
the most modified and restricted system of expendi-
ture can spare; and the idea of permanent and en-
larged works of defence will be as preposterous to
such a vision, as would the leaving ot ihe money
in the pockets of the people, instead of drawing jt
forth by an exertion of o«r taxing power, to consti-
tute a fur>d for distribution.
I have said tha* we constantly talk here of the
exposed condition of the country, and of the press-
ing necessity of defences. Every diy proves the
truih of the remark; and how will the sagacious
statesmen of that giant power, from which alose
we have any thing to fei.r, laugh at our patriotism
and our sagacity, when they read our valorous
speeches, and see us binding our young and vigo-
rous country hand and foot, and throwing it at
their feet, while we are angrily intent upon the di-
vision among us of the stinted remains of our
impoverished Treasury ! How eminently will such
an exhibition be calculated to avert the hostilities
we fear, and command the respect we wish!
Let the cloud of national difficulties thicken and
blacken, until Ihe bosom of every man in the na-
tion shall feel that our honor and our safety de-
mand resistance to aggressions, and where is the
Congress to be found which will declare war, when
the State Legislatures are crying out to us, save
our distributive shares of the national revenue?
Where is the Senste to come from which will with-
stand such a claim, coming from such a quarter,
and addressed to those who hold their places by
legislative election? It cannot, it will not be; and
neither such a Senate nor such a Congress will be
found, until this unnatural policy is entirely aban-
doned.
Mr. WALKER said he could not permit the
able argument of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Wright,] as regards the ten per eentum to
the new Slates, and the inclusion of the Senate with
the House in the ratio of distribution, to pass with-
out an answer. Mr. W. said his opposition to the
whole scheme of dis'ribution wag well known. He
had «ntformly opposed it in this land bill now, and
at a!l fotmer sessions; he had voted against it in
183G in a small minority, when disguised under
the name of a deposite; and when ihe same bill
was attempted to be renewed at the next £es>ion,
the journal would show that it had been defeated
on his motion by the casting vote of Vice Presi-
dent Van Buren. Bat as there was to be a distri-
bution, the question wa?, what ratio wss ihe most
jusi? Now the Senator from New York, repre-
senting the Empire State, which wss to take the
lion'* share of this distribution under any appor-
tionment, insisted on the federal population, not the
actual, but the federal population accordinz to the
census. Now, why according to this rat o? Does
the Constitution point out this a.s the ratio of dis-
tribution? He called upon the Senator to say
whether ihe Constitution designated this, or any
other ratio of distribution?
Mr. WRIGHT rase, and admitted that the
Constitution did not point out any ratio of distri-
bution, but did of direct taxaion.
Mr. WALKER resumed by saying he knew the
able Senator from New York must admit that the
Constitution did not designate this ratio of distri-
bution; for to admit ibis, would be to concede that
the Constitution designated and auihor-zed a dis-
tribution 1 Then as the Constitution designates
no ratio, the question was, which was ihe
most just. Is the federal population the most
just? Surely not, for this would exclude two-
fifths oí ihs slave?, not embraced in the Federal
population, but who, as human beiogs, musl and
would consume their portion of those imports, the
duties on which are to be laid ihis week, in oider
to make up the deficit it the revenue, occasioned
by this srery distribution. Well, without intro-
ducing this as a topic for angry discussion, if «e
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
look to ths deeds of cession for the ratio, what ra-
tio would Ihey eitablish?    Not according to Fede-
ral population, but "according to their  usual re-
spective proportions in the seneral charge and ex-
penditure."   This was in 1784, and how were these
cka>gas then ascertained? Aecord'ng to the assessed
value of lands.   Gr;ve us that, nnd the share of the
new States will be more than doubled.    Bui if you
do not adhere to this rate, and it be an opeo ques-
tion, what would be the most jun?   Why, to take
that ratio which  will restore to each Slate, every
year, by the distribution, the amount, as near as
practicable, which is taken from  them every year
by the  new tariff bill, which is   to   bt passed,
as a consequence of this distribution.    Now, how
are thes? duties on imports raised?   Sir, without
including the loss to the exporting States, these du-
ties wete paid in each Siau by the consumers, by
the actual population, every day, every month, and
every year, and not by a census every ten years,
wiihout regard to lheincrease from year to year, and
not at all by ihe Federal population, excluding tcro-
fifthsof aportionof ihe populationof theSouth. But,
sir, looking only to Federal  population, tbould it
be every ten or twenty  years apart, without re-
ference to ihe increase of population from year to
year?    Now the duties are paid by the population
as it increases from day to" day, and from year to
year, and as these duties follow as  an admitted
consequence of this distribution, not  according to
Federal population enumerated every tea year?,
but   according  to  actual   population, or, if you
choose, actual   Federal   population   from year to
year.    Now keeping in view the  Federal popula-
tion,   Mr.   Walker   said   he   had   laid   before
the  Senate,    ten    days   since,    a    table   show-
ing the increase of population in the new States
as compared  with  the old States.    Now  taking
the averase of population from year to year, so as
to ascertain  the acxal  popula'ion  from year to
year, ih    tabifs  showed  that it would require
twenty-two per cent, instead of ten per cant, to
make the share of the new Slates equal to that of
the-old Staes, according  to  actual  population
from vear to year.   Mr. W. had called on Sena-
tors then to show any mistake in this calculation,
but they had not done it then, and could not do it
now, for it was a  mathematical demonstration.
Thus, in 1820 the popula'ion  of the new States
was 1,207,165, and in 1830, 2,238,802, being an
increase of nearly one hundred per cent;  whilst
in the old States, in  1820. the population was
8 372,707, and 1830,  10,477,895,   being   an in-
'    cease of  but twenty five   pet   cent;   and   simi-
lar results will be   exhibited  by   the   last and
every    preceding   census.     The   ten   per   cent,
then, which was designed to make the dist.ibu'ion
from year to year, more nearly equal between the
old and the new States, according lo actual popu-
lation, did not produce this cqmlity, nor would the
land grants  accomplish  this;   ihey would,   at  Ihe
most, make the ten per cent equal  to twrIve per
cent, and leave the new Siates still  ten per cent,
short of a distribution equal lo actual Federal popu-
lation from } ear to year.    Now the division,   ac-
cording  to  the representation   in   both Houses,
operated in favor of the new Slates; and a*cnrding
to his (Mr.  W's) calculation,  would bring them
within five per cent,  of an equal dividend, and
therefore was a nearer approach to ju Jice, espe-
cially   as   this   fund,   which was   to  be   dis'n-
buted    annually,   and    not   every   ten   years,
wís   drawn  from the people of the   new   States
and    from   the   sales    of  the    lands   rendered
only valuable and vendible by their labor.    But
there were hisher reasons even than this, for in-
cluding the Senate with the House in the ratio of
distribution, which   he, Mr.   W. bad urgtd suc-
cessfully on another occasion.   When the bill for
the distribution of the surplus under the name of
a deposite, was pending in 1836, although opposed
to that bill and voting against it in a small mino-
rity, he, Mr. W. had proposed  an amendment to
the bill as follows: Here  Mr   Wílker read from
• h? Senate Journal, under date of the 16 h June,
1836, as follow*: "On motion of Mr. Walker to
amsnd the reported amendment   by  siiikmg out
section 13, lines 6,* 7, 8,  amounts of population as-
ascertained by the last census," and inserting "re-
_______    -■--•,•----•;-   -;;-;-$iá.
presentation in the Senate and Hbui>e of Represen-
tatives." It wos determined m the a. urinative1—
yeas 23, nays 22.                                ',',*"'.
Mr. W. said this proposition, which, was the
sime now pending, not only succeeded in fh&Se.
nate, but was adopted by the House, and. the ijily
distribution ever made, was according to this ra((o^
He,Mr. VV hadihen ergeditasmoitronsonant witi
the great price pies of compromise and concession
upon which the Constitution was passed. Tb,at
instrument preserved the equal representation of
the Slates in the Si-nate, as a fundamental princi-
ple, and it united ihe Senate with the House in the
electoral vote for President. Why then treat the
States as counties, and expunge the Senste,from
the ratio in making this distribution. To do so,
was to disregard one of the vital compromises
upon which the Constitution was founded,, and to
render sull more unequal the share allotted to the
new Slates cf the Union. These lands, the pro-
ceeds of whirt you are about distributing, are all
within the limits of the new States, and the money
you disinbute comes fio.tt ih3m,and Mr. W. heped
no such just and equitable provisions would be
withheld, as to render Ihe bill so obnoxious to the
Stales in. which the lands are situated, as to lead
to claims to those lands on the part of those Siates,
•ikastrous to the harmony of the Union.
After some remarks by Mr. WOODBRlDGfEm
favor of the bill—
Mr. CUTHBEaT exprersed his desire to ad-
dress the Senate, but the s'ate of his health, and
his exhaustion from the lateness of the hour, would
forbid it this evening.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana expressed the anxiety
he felt to have this measure, wh.ca had so long
bien before them, disponed of with as Utile delay as
possible. He had hoped that the question would
have been taken to-dav; but as ihe iseoator from
Georgia wished to address ihe Senaie, he would
consent to an adjourntnea', with the understanding
that the question be taken to-morrow.
Toe Senate then adjournid at a late hoar.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES..
Wednesday August 25,1841.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
On leave given, Mr. PARMENTER presented
the petition of William Patker and others for ad-
mission free of duty of certain articles used in the
manufacture of glass. Also, the petition -of C.
W. Wood and others, of A-hby, Massachusetts,
for the discontinuance of the spirit ration ia the
United Sates navy: ieferred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from Wm. W. Seaton, esq. Mayor of the city of
Washington, comrnunica ing a copy of the pro-
ceedings; of a large and highly respec'sble meeting
of citizens, expressive of the opinion of ihe meet-
ing on the late riotous proceedings of a few disor-
deily pers-ms, most of them presumed to be non-
residents, and nf the outrage on the feelings of the
President of the United States on Ihe occasion e>f
his rejection of the Bank bil. Tnese proceed-ngs
are signed by the highly respec'abla commiWee ap-
pointed by the meeting for the porpoise of mating
known its views and wishes to the President and
the two Houses of Congress, and which consists
of Mr. Seaton. the Mayor, Richard S Coxe, Jo-
seph Bryan, Nathan Towson, and John P, Van
Ness, e*qs.
Mr. BRÍGG8 moved that the proceedings be
laid on the table,and be printed.
The SPEAKER suggested that the better direc-
tion would be to the Committee for the District o(
Columbia; to which Mr. Brigqs assented, and they
were referred to that corrmitice,
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
On moion of Mr. BEUGGS, the Hou>e again
resolved iiseli into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Everett of Vermont in
the (hair) on the bill racking appropriations for the
Post Office. Department.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Gilmeb to amend fie bill by addirg thereto
the following proviso:
"Provided, That the money thereby appnated shall be ac.
