B84
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.V                                                                                                                                                      '
counted for by the Post Office Department hereafter, when the
condition of its funds shall permit; to be refunded mte the Trea-
sury, or deducted from any sums which the Post Office Depart-
ment may heretofore have paid mto the Treasury "
Mr. CAKY said he roie merely 'or the purpose
of inquiring of the worthy and able chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
if that committed had taken into consideration the
letter of the Postmaster General in reply to a resolu-
tion offered some time since by himself, calling on
the Postmaster General for information relative to
the detention of the Southern mail in the city of
Baltimore thirteen hours.
Mr. C. considered this a subject of great impor-
tance to the whole country, and trusted the com-
mittee would act promptly on it. He had receiv-
ed two letters from the Piesident of the Petersburg
and Roanoke Railroad, complaining of the injus-
tice of the delay of the mail, and the particular in-
jury to his road in diverting travel from it.
The chairman (Mr. Brisgs) replied that the
committee had not yet acted on the subject, but
thought it probable it would in a few days.
Mr. 8TEENR0D was very desirous, be said,
to vote for the appropriation contained in the bill;
but he could not consent to do so if, as he believed,
by voting for it the Post Office Department was to
be fixed on the Treasury Department, and thus be-
come dependent on the public Treasury. And he,
therefore, sincerely hoped that the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr.
Brioos] would consent to the amendment indicated
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Kay;] and, instead of drawing money from the
Treasury, give the Department power to borrow
such an amount ;*s was necessary to meet its ne-
cessities.
[The amendment indicated by Mr. McKay, but
not formally oflered, and to which Mr. S. alluded,
gives authority to the Postmaster General, under
the direction of the President of the United Stales,
to borrow the sum of five hundred thousand dol-
lars.]
Mr. HOPKINS ma e a few observations in oppo-
sition to the amendment of Mr. McKay. He object-
ed to the expense and delay that would result from
this Department negotiating a loan, and thought
that if the money was to fce advanced to the De-
partment, it had better come at cnce out of the
Treasnry. If the loan was negotiated, it would
not be done upon the faith of the Department, but
upon the faith of the Government. He preferred
the amendment of his colleague [Mr. Gilmer]
which provides that the money shall be reimburse!
out of the future receipts of the Department. By
the report the Department accompanying the bill it
appeared that there were balances, due from post-
masters, to a sufficient amount to rennburse'what
would be required for the real wants of the De-
partment. If (as had been Mated by the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Po<t
Roads) the Secretary of th- Treasury could part
with the necessary amount without the expense
and delay incident to a loan, he (Mr. H.) saw no
good reason why they should resort to the latter
alternative. For himself, he much preferred the
amendment oí his colleague from Virginia, [Mr.
Gilmer.]
Mr. UTTLEFIELD said he was very desirous
that lome provisi in should be made by which those
mail contractors who were bona fide creditors of
the Government, would be enabled to receive their
just dues. He noticed, by a report accompanying
this bill, that a sum exceeding ten thousand dollar*
was due to contractois in his own State. He said
those contractors were not exclusively of eith-r
political party. He believed ihat the rules of ihe
Department zn relation to the contracts were such
that party consideraron- could not interfere with
the letting of contracts. As far at, he knew, the
practice for many yea's had been to receive sealed
propos-Js, and trie lowest bidder, it able to obtai
satisfactory suretiei for the faiih'ul performance of
the service required of him, always obtained the
contract. He hid not b-en informed of the names
of the persons in Mai tip to whom this sum of ten
thousand dollars is due, and ot course he could n«t
tell whether thry were his p di lial friends or o her-
wise; nor did he wish to know. He could speak
of the mail contractors in Maine as a high minded
and honorable cla?s of men, who always fulfilled
their contracts with the public, without any regard
to personal inconvenience and pecuniary sacrifice.
Such men should not be delayed ot their honest
reward. The Department required a rigid p^r-
fortrance on the part of the contracted, and it was
bat justice that they should be promptly paid.
As to the manner of making provision for the
payment of these claims, he was decidedly in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr, McKay,] to authorize the loan of a
sum sufficient to meet them, to be refunded whene-
ver the Department should be in a condition °o to
do. This is the course which always has been
adopted, and he saw no reason for departing from
the usual method. The Treasury never had been
taxed to support the Post Office Department, and
he hoped it would not be at this time. He said if
this method was adopted it might produce a more
rigid examination of the claims presented ft r al-
lowance. He hoped the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from North Carolina would be
adopted He would most cheerfully give it his
vote
Much bad been faid, in the course of th's de-
bate, in relaiii n to fhe qualifications of the present
head of the Post Office Department. Whatever
might be said of his other qualifications, no one
would deny that he is a good executioner. He has
cut off more hrads since he has been in office than
all his coadjutors in Mhat bloody work put to.
gether. Not content with mak'ng headless trunks
of all his political opponents within his power, he
has commenced beheading his own political
friends.
If rumor is to be credited, his own official head
is soon to be taken oft", and if that should be tre
rase, there would, probably, be but very fetv
mrurners.
Gentlemen havi  related som° amusing circum-
stances connected with the removal and appoint-
ment of postmasters in their districts. He (Mr.
L.) would mention one case, which he had ex-
amined into. A gentleman ma country village in
his district received bis official death warrant, much
to the astonishment of all his nei.hbors of both po-
litical parlies. He is a gentleman of unblemished
character, and had managed the affairs of the post
office to the great satisfaction of all concerned, and
such was the excitement occasioned by his remo-
val, that he (Mr. L ) was requested fo ascertain
what charges had been made against bim, and
what reasons had been urgid in favor of thp ai-
pomtment of bis successor. And what, Mr. Chair-
man, (said Mr. L ) d> you think I found? I will
tell you, Mr. fn favor of the person appointed, it
was urged that he had, jnst previous to the last
Presidential eleciion, painted a bpautiful banner,
with the motto "Harrison and Tyler" upon it, and
ciusrd it to be erected on a s'ore in the village; and
against the mdivi In->1 beheaded, it was urged that
he said that a petticoat would be a more spiropri-
a'e banner than that pirnted by hn office seeking
neighbor, and an attempt was mide to prove that
! he encouraged the placing of that delicate article
(1 beside the beautiful banner, but it could not be
j proved he had done any such thing. Such is con-
sistency wnh the gentleman at the hpad of Ihe Post
Offic D partme-it. It is no objection that public
offiaers interfere in electirns, if they iverfete on
the rifht side It is said that none but incompe-
tent and faithless men are removed, and none but
competan' and faithful ones appointed.
Let us (said Mr. L ) examine this assertion one
moment. He would give the facts mote cast;
and if he did not state the cese correctly, h° call-
ed on thp member from the Essex district of Mas-
sachusetts to ccrrect bim.
A short lime since a faithful and effi-ient post-
master was removed from the post office at Lyn*),
Massachusetts, and a succ ssrr appointed. A few
days after the appointment, the pA«tmsster, then
lately appointed, was accused of having broken
the seal of? letter depos.ted in bis offic, and of •
having examined its con'en's. He was prosecuted
for the offence, •and on tnal before a Ji'dg  of the
United States District Court, admitted the truth of
the charge mide against him; but was AcamTTED.
And what do you think was the quibble on which
he was discharged? It was, that the letter being di-
rected to a person in the town whete it was lodged
in the post office, that the postmaster had a right to-
open it, especially as it turned out on examination
to be an anonymous letter, and therefore the learn-
ed Judge decided ihat it was no letter, and that no
ofF-nce had been commuted.
The person guilty of this high outrage is conti-
nued in office, and is called, he (Mr. L ) supposed,
one of the most faithful, efficient, and searching of
the corps of the new officers under the new Post-
master General. So much for the improvement
in the removals and appointments, under the new
order of thiags.
All these tilings, sir, (said Mr. L ) should have
no effecf up. n 'he just claims of the worthy con-
tractors who have performed services for the De-
partment, for which they have not been paid.
Let th°m have the pay for their valuable services.
If anv one set of Government creditors are enti-
tled to preference, it is those men, who-toilday
and nigh', in wet and cold, as well as warm and
dry weather, in the transportation of the mails, for
the gratification and benefit of the public. He
hoped the proposition of the gentleman from Worth
Carolina would be agreed to, and that the pecuni-
ary affairs of the Post Office Department would be
left, as they always had been, separate for the com-
mon Treasury.
Mr. GORDON atked ihe reading of the amend-
ment of Mr. Gii/MEa; which having been read—
Mr. GORDON said that this amendment, he
presumed, opened the general field of debate.
[Laughter.]
Mr. G. contended th? t the Post Office Depart-
ment had the means to pay every dollar it owed,
and ihat there was no necessity for borrowing
money either fiom the Treasury, which was never
to be repaid, or from any other source. To sus-
tain this position, he went into an examination of
the liabilities of the Department as compared with
its means of payment.
Mr. G. then eniered at length mto the political
debate in relation to the Postmaster General, whom
he designated as having political capacity enough
to do that portion of his work in which he was en-
gaged, but as not having the capacity to manage
the affairs or the finances of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. ARNOLD next addressed the House at
great length, and with considerable warmth in de-
fence of ihe Postmaster General. In alluding to
the late d'fficulties of the Whig party, he said that
the opposition was congratulating thetnseves very
much on the occasion of the veto of the Bank bill,
and were disposed to claim the President for their
party, while many of his Whig friends were un-
willing in concede that that high fuctionary was
separated from the Whig party. Now, he had no
doubts as to which of the political parties the Pre-
sident belonged—ihe opposition were welcome to
h m, ai.d he surrendered him to them with a great
deal of pleasure. He was iheirs body and soul:
for if ever there were proper materials for making
a Loco Poco, the unfortunate miserable wretch at
the other end of the avenue was the man.
The CHAIR, [Mr. Everett], called the gentle-
man to order—Several voices from all parts
of ihe Housp we e heard calling to order.
Mr. ARNOLD denied that he was out of order.
He was speakn'g of a man at the other end of rhe
avenue.
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked if it was in order to ap-
ply offensive terms to the President oí the United
Slates. Tie words as ppplied to that (ffieer were
"the" miserable wretch at the other end of the
avenue. He was ready to take down the words
in writing if necessary.
Mr. STEENROD wrhed to call the attention
of (heJHouse in one fact, and that was, daring the
wnole setsion the member from Tennessee has
been the first, and the most frequent m his calls to
order, and he had now committed a breach of order
that till then had never been witnessed in their
proceedings.
Mr. ARNOLD. And I have been the first man to
obey the rule ot order.
Mr. STEENROR. And he has been the first to
violate it.
