CONGRESSIONAL. &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
___-------------------------------------------------------------_---------tij" ,
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1841.
---------■■■....................—■■—--------- "      '-■■■-.....—■"  ■■■■■'■.       '-----------------........                .....■ -■■  
Volume 10---No. 25.
Contmved from JVb 24
Mr. MALLORY said that be, as one of those
who had been desigmted a Kitchen Cabinet, and
as a sincere friend of the President, hoped that ihe
gentleman from Tennessee mignt be permited to
proceed.
Mr. ARNOLD asked if the gentleman expected
to go into the cabinet—
Mr. MALLORY'S reply was not heard by the
Reporter.
After some conversation and grea' confusion—
The CHAIR decided that the genflt man from
Tennessee was out of order rn sneak'ng disrespect-
fully of the President of the United State , and
directed him to taue hit se¡-t
Mr. ARNOLD appealed trom the decision ofihe
Chair, denying lhat he was out rf order. He
would briefly state iho grounds- on winch he had
appsak J He did not ntend to take back a word
he had said, he had never been afraid of responsi-
bility tere or eioeAhere He despised that poor,
mi^eraole, truck'irig "/stim oí pol t cs, which
made a man afraid to speak tie tr 'ti H* had
said, m hi  remarks, that he d,d net 1 notv who t^e
Admimsiraticn party here was Was lhat out of
order? Eut, for himself, ne had -aid that he con-
sidered the Admimstiati m party hereto be the
late Loco Foeo p'Uty, and that toe President be
longed lo them Wa . lhat out of ordet' What
then1! He had said further, that if ^vei there v as a
msn fit to make a modern Ljco Poco, it was the
poor m serable wre ci at th  other end of the
avenue. Was this out of or Ipr? It the cap fifed,
and the friends of the President of t! •> TJukd
States cho>e to put it on his head, wis h (Mr A )
to be ca ' d to o djr. because they Cicse t > m?ke
the app'icatjot'i He knew of m*ny miserable
wretches at the othei end ot the avenut.
The CHA'R stated that in hi  ?iew the words
used were app'ied to tha President of th" United
State5, and were dwespecfu! to h.m. He then
put the question on the appeal for the decision of
the House.
Mr. ADAMS said, it appeared to him that the
words upon whien the dec sion had been made
should be reduced to writitg
Some further proceedings followed, when—
Mr. PROFFIT of Indians*sa d it was impo*sib'e
to know what were the intentions of 'he gentleman
from Tennessee in using the lar? uage he had. But
if he applied it to the President, he had heard simi-
lar language Used so often towards the present Exe-
cutive that h= (Mr. P ) had become quite accus-
tomed to it, and it hai ceased to be a matter of sur-
prise to htm
Mr KING of Georg a Did the gentleman from
Indiana ever her suci latguag^ applied to the
Pieswent of the Uní e ' Sta'e^ I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to sns ver me that question
Mr PROFFIT «aid ¡hat lie would, if permitted,
say when and uheie apd f>rmi nhom, he had
heard similar language art1 wor-e
The CHAIR sa d ne w s mi in order
Mr ARNOLD hen sjid thai he h"d been  sked
by several of h's fr ends to withdraw the appeal,
and, to save the time of the house, he would do so
and take his 'e*t
Mr INGERSOLLsaul that he voi U r r w die
appeal With mi an} refere' c tn the propriety Oi
impropriety of the Un^uate us-H hv the gentleman
from Tennessee he woui' asl- if it v p« not th 
privilege of a member tc sp pk of the Execu lve as
he pleased on h s persrnal ard representative re-
sponsibility H ron d not, it vas u-, inv ko the
Executive mfliieice 'o carry oi defeat a m a<ure,
but a was hi privilege, as a Repre en'ativc of the
peop'e, to soeak of 'be (ffi'ial conduct of ai y tffi
cer of tne G jvern^n^nt a- be p'ea'-' d on bis respe n-
sibilitv as such Mr I said he ha I a hurd-e'l
tiroes heard Mr Madron spoktn of m the mo t
offensive terms in that floor
Mr ARNOLD, whilst he thanked the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. IsolrsollJ for lh > liberal
views he expressed in relation to freedom of de-
bate in this House, hoped the gentleman would
not insist on his appeal.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he would, then, at the
request of the gentleman, withdraw his apneal
After a remark from Mr. KEIM, wh'Ch the Re-
porter couli not bear,
Mr. ARNOLD had leave to pwceed He then
continued hs umarks for some time, wd, m the
course of hem, he hjnche^ out into !ie most ve-
hement denunciations o** the Democratic p ft\,
charging them with having bankrupted the Tiea-
sury aid the Po't Office D'partment, ?nd with
having literally burnt up bo h He made several
tirusis at the Presifenr, and said tlut he free y
give him up, for he was a 1 Presiden! for th- D -
nocrats, aid no one else. Mr. Kendall, the !if
Postmaster Geiieial, a so came in for a shaie of
Mr A's notice, and ha was spoken of in \ retty
harsh terms. Indeed, hs said that the goat that was
to carry Am«s Kendall's sink in the wilderness,
mast be o large r ne. Mr A said he cou d not be
mistaken  n the s gns of t! - times The reins oí
Government weie to pa's ut of the hands of thi
Wh'g pa ty pnd he would advise the patnotic
Whig^ ^nd ir e"ds of the country never to encou-
rage their friends to hinker after office Hereafter
he ssiid he would con iderhimse'f b und to no par
ty, bm he would go fri any mpasures he th }
p opose 1 by Democrats or Whig , that he thought
woulJ be for the benefit of th" country
A ter soma remarks from Mr STANLY.
Mr ARNOLD ro-e for exp anatrn He could
 iy o the gtntlemaa fiom North Croons, vith
51 rfect «meen >, that h° orne here -it the com-
mencement ot tae session with the most kind and
cordial feelings to John Tsler He would further
say to him, that had the venerated man, General
Harrison, who * e was proud to say was his friend,
lived to this day, he would say to the gentleman
from North Caiol i, that that venerated man
would have thought and felt as he (Mr. A )
did
Mr BOTTS  rose not       defend himself from
havirg written  the letter vh   h had been so <\it a
alluded   lo,  n< r did he rise for denouncing denun-
ciations.    The centt man from   Worth Giiolna
surpnsed him by the Kotice he toogf   of that leiter,
foi he w«ll knpw  the circumstances under which
it was written      He rose to make an f xplanation,
not as regarded himself,  for he took upon h mseit
the whole responsibility of that let'er, but to dis
claim for his Wine friend  here any responsibili-
ty for it, vvhe her they did or did not entertain the
opinions exoressed in  it      He (Mr B )  looked
upon the conduct of the  President as treacherous
to hi< p^riy—as th<> vilest treachery; and sh°n the
second veto came, as come it must, he w< i id st nd
here prepared to maintain wh?t he sa,d   He would
sa>  a word as to  h"adine tp° Pre-iHen     Was
there a member of the Whig parly here «ho d I
not UDdei'tand *hdt wis m<-ant by i ?    Tti  pro
poNition he mide in t^e lelte- c ro-e refeirea to, of
heading the President,  was no ven criminal pr<-
po mor—pd f udulent  and neart! ss as it   'a 
said to have bee i     It was onlv p prop-"     jn tj
gi/e   h  Presi'enr an r-ppo . mim) rí s    i g a bi 1
witc i w\t in c nf rmity   th his o   n «ccommen
datioo, m  cder to cut offline    n     i n w h > íe
ODpOsiuon,  wv rh he (Vr  B ) b    t  dm'.   ^
purpose to forr., an 1  wh ch '    no* lel-ffd ^
a're f'y f r nei'       >íter toe Btrk bul hal p<)   ed
tne>D.i,i   I   th  e   (wi'b'oet     Hone   nd
,.fier Ihe Piesi e it hid pledge 1 hims i  to   pt ins
of fifty membe s to s gn n,  '    «etc t lo,   p  ' V.i
B  lhat he ' on d not s -n it beeau  < ^      d n    cr
read it     As t     the  bil   n w  b tore    ne  U n L,
thouti  it  va-  f-aned   v. th the v!«w < t  net i e
e\etv   pis lb e  oojectio >  of tne   Pirs   e  t   'htrp
was no <r ro dou'H m his mind that luco i ieto
H     Mark, said he, what I tell ycu  u wi 1 not be
signed. Mr B in conclusion, sa,d he rose only
tor the purpo e of releasing the Whig party from
anv kind of responsibility for his letter to Rich-
mond, and for taking it wholly upon himself.
Mr PROFFIT said he intended to vote far this
bdl, becaus he believed the money was justly due
to the mail coa,* actors, and it was due to the cha-
racter oi the country that they should be paid.
That, he said, was ose of the Whig ptinciples.
He would al>o tell ihe gentleman from Worth
Carolina that it was not consistent with Whig
pnncip'es to gag the mouths of their political op-
ponents, waen i bill was before the House of such
vast ímpo'tínce to the country, and that was to
la t for weal or for wo, twenty years, and then to
spend two da>s in abusing postmasters Mr. P.
emmdeii his Whig friends of the manner in which
th Sub Treasury bill, the antagonist measure to
this Btnk bill, was passed when the party now m
the minority had the power. After one hundred
and eleven spiechej had been made on it, two-
thirds of which had been made by Whig members,
we complained bitterly of our opponents for taking
it out of committee; and yet, said he, when I now
propo e to give the same party a chance of de-
bating our measure, I am accused of departing
from Whig principle' How had he departed
from ih  Whig part^ Had he not voted for every
Wh g measure that had been brought foi ward this
se sion' Did h  not vote for the Distribution bill,
the Loan bill, tne Fortification bill, and both of the
Bank bill ' Did he not toil day and n ght for the
Whig party previous, to the last election in making
siump spetche and irankme documen si Did he
not fr^nk something line sevfTn thousand docu-
ments in mo i eeks of the last session? And now
lhat the battle had been fought and won, he was
to be put out < f the party because he would not go
in the p„rty traces, and serve as a party hack.
The gentleman from North Carolina asked him to
come back to ihe Whig party. How had he ever
departed from the principles of the party? He
stood where he always stood, and if the Whig
party chose to depart from the principles they pro-
fessed bef re the election, he of course could not
be " Kb. hem If they cho.e to enter into in-
trigue and harga ns and management, and piling
the Bankruo' bi 1 upon the Land bill and the
Reveiuc bill rid these upon the Bank bill, why
let them do it, n^ shouid not go with them.
If there was to be a war earned on against the
P esident of ihe United States upon the ground
now essumtd, re snill tell them that the people
who ciected John Tyler would never believe that
he had to ed trea he>v>usly. Now as to the Cabi-
net HewHil • } mat if there was a vital dif-
ference of op ion between the President and his
Cabinet, ihe> ougit to go out Mr P concluded
by saying, tint it oentlrmen would only let him
alo-e, he w uld not say another word during the
remainder of the session
The dehat' was further continued by Mr.
DAWSON who, after some congratulations rn
the f'-eedom of debate, in/oked the House to re-
turn to the e^ns deration of the bill before it.
And by Vr BRIG3S, who strongly urged
thesaaie ap W In brifly replying to the at-
?ck of Mr G .vger, Mr B stated the following
fae s
S nr-o t e fourth of March last th re have
been le-s thin 16)0 postmasters appointed,
vm" -s m 1819 Mr Kendall appointed 9,28*
p   tm steis txc usivc of those appointed to new
ffre-
In 18J0, 2 271 postmasters were appointed, ex-
cimti    lh<>"* to fill rew offices.
Mr McKAY ihen proposed the fol'owmg modi-
fied pr  ijsp ma an-amendment of the gentleman
from Vi g <~ a [Mr Gilmer.]
' That the P esitent of ihe united Statu be and he ulvre.
hv auth .r ze I in case it fo necetary to enable the Post Office
Denar mtnt to meet if. piesent engagements at d pay tudebf,
to cause asum not exceeding three hundied and forty seren.
