CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         fft
'"'                                                                                                                                                                                    ' '                                j    '    i   i i i            i i i    iff......   ii   i n iii,—ir-M'ini1^Wáiw«wS««iwü«üJMÍ1iM
for them. But the-party ! the party! required it,
and it must be done. Who was the party? The
people? No! It was certain leaders, ambitious
• men, who would rule, and who would throw con-
science to the devil, that they might mle. He (Mr.
B ) had seen enough this day to convince him that
such a s'ate of things was near its end. The Pre-
sident had checked it, aid the people, as soon as
they got the opportunity, would complete the good
Work—they would never give their votes to men
who would sacrifice the interests of the country to
party, and who had and would set up party dicta-
tion above the dictates of conscience and of duty.
Let the President but go on m the path he had set
outupon,and be true to fr.mseif, as he hoped in God
he would be, and he need not fear the conseqaenres.
He would find himself supported there and else-
where, by the honest and true nun of the land—
by those who hnd stood by the honest and true
men of ¡he Republics in dajsgone by. In the
noble stand he had faken against the rapid
strides of modern Federalism, to corruption and
power, he had proved l-'imse!' the noblest Roman
of them all, ar,d had ¡aid the foundat on of a tnonu-
roen', whicn, if fin shedlof the same ma'enal, would
be mure cuduiing than the Republic itself—that
would last as lung as public viitoe, disinterested
patnot'sm, a sacred tegard '-o ihe dictates of con-
science, and mcrnl courage, would be cherirhed or
approved.
Mr JAMES of Pennsylvania, replied with some
severity to toe remarks of Mr. Brown on the ap-
pointments m Mr J's coumy of Che*ter; and with
still more warmth to the remarks of Mr. Payne on
Mr. Granger's abolition preferences. He con-
tended for freedom of thought, and denounced with
indignation the idea that a competent-man was not
to be appointed a postmaster, because he was op.
possi to slavery. Would Mr. P. avow sucha
sentiment?    W«ul<1 he proscribe a'l Abolitionis's?
Mr. PAYNE said that he would proscribe them;
that he would p it the brand of Cain upon them—
yes, the mark of he!'; and if trey came to the
South he would hang them like- doge.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
GUSHING, MARSHALL, and WISE; after
which
Mr. ANDREWS moved that the committee
rise; which motion prevailing—
The comtnit'ee rose and reported progress.
And, at a late hour, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
•  Thursday, August 26, 1841.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the V-
brary, reported the resolution in relation to the dis-
tribution of the printed returns oí tae sixth census,
with amendments.
The fortifioal'on bill was taken up, and after a
brief discussion in relation to the amendments from
the House, it wss laid on the table, in order to take
up ihe ;and bill.
The bill for the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands was then taken up, the question
be;ng on Us passage.
Mr CIirHBKRr, in a very successful argument,
displayed ths tendency of the new policy m regard
to distributing the public domain to efface the divi-
sion of powsr between the General and State Go-
vernments. The idea that the habitual exercise of
the taxing power by the General Government, for
the purpose of enabling it to provide revenue f<-r
the States, must nece-sanly, however gradually,
end in consolidation, was finely enforced.
Mr. McROBERTS particularly addressed him-
self to explain the c-ffeet of ihe b,U on the new
Stales, and with irresistible truth port'ayed the
inconsistency and unfairness whici h".d charac-
terized the majority in relation to amendments
rffered to the bid, and showed that the chairman,
who also corns from a new Stste, had reversed
his own course, and bad sacrificed the rights and
interests which he snnuld have maintaine 1, in
the party measure which was committed to his
charge.
Mr. YOUNG- took up in succession Ihe flagrant
instances of wrong to which the young and grow-
ing West was subjected under tha operation of this
bill, against the policy which the Mother of these
Slates, Virginia, had inscribed in her compact of
cession and all her policy as a S:ate.
He showed that settlement of the wild lands,
and- the introduction of new members into the
Confederacy, had beer the Vnginia policy from the
beginning. The scheme of repie?smg .settlement,
and wiiosring money out ef ihs lands, imtead of
nurturing free men, had never before received the
sanction of the statesmen of the Old Dominion. He
weighed each provision in the bill touching tie
great interests of the rising States, contrasting them
with past legislation—the most important of which
had been comprised in  the  rejected  amendments.
Mi. RIVES defended the new policy, which,
be insisted, was that of his State—which he en-
deavored to make good by reference to cettain re-
solutions, passed in one house of the S¡ate Le-
gislature against graduation and cession.
Mr. BENTON rose after Mr. Rivks, and re-
plied to him, and others vho bad supported the
bill, in a speech of tero hours and a half, of which,
in this brief analytical sketch, we can onlv ¡>ivo
a few of ¡he leading poin's an! views The firsl
part of 'he reply ¡rave rise to ea'ls to order, incon-
sequence of Mr. B. auivadveriing severely on the
grounds on which Mr. R. bottomed his vole; and
of which we defer any notice until the full report
comes out.
Mr. B. treated the till as a stockjobbing, and a
tariff bill, and read an article from Bennett's pa-
per to show the exulta'ton with which the news of
the first vote in favor of the bill had been received
in Wall street, and the effect it, imniediaely had
in raising the State stoeks in their hands, which
they had previously sunk to a low point. He al-
so referred to a London publication for the same
purpose, and to the visit of two London capitalists
to tins capital at this extra se<sion, all looking to
this hill to raise the value of s'ocks in their hands.
Mr. Bsaid these jibbers had first stink State stocks
to a low poin>; and now we raise these stocks for their
benefit; that it was the old soldier's certificate bu-
siness tth'ch ¡ook place in Congress- at the com-
mencement of this Government, and which justly
entailed so much disgrace upon the Congress of
that day.
Mr. B. said it was a tariff bill in disguise, and
entered into details to prove and establish it. He
showed that its effect and object was to empty the
Treasury by distribution, to have a pretext for
filling it by loans and taxes, k. loan bill had
passed, and a tax bill wss to follow. The tea-tax
bill was behind, and could not brought on until
this bill was pawed. He said this bill was the
pionetr to the new tariff lull which was to lay a
duty on every comfort of life; and whi'h would
prove to be t'."? mo-t odious and oppressive tariff
bill which was everpas-ed.
He said the bill was not merely a bid to divide
land revenue, but custom-house revenue also; that
it cut at least one milium of dollars per annum in'o
the custom house dt>ty,and this was done on purpose
in the systematic rejection of all the amendments of-
fered tikeep the hands of the distributees out of the
cu-tom-heuse. He stated these amendments which
were thus rejected. First, the Indi.-.n annuities,
payable annually, on account of the purchase of
lands from them, and which amount to near $800,-
000 per annum. Next, the amendment to make the
future purchase of Indian lat.d?, payable out of the
land revenue defo.e distributed. Tnirdly, the
amendments to postpone ¡he commencement of the
distribution until the Treasury was refunded the
amounts paid heretofore to foreign nations and to
Indian tribes for lands, and which amounts were
no  yet refunded. All these motions were rejected,
and only a few small heads of expanse deducted,
while ¡hese great items are to fad upon ihe ca-torns.
Mr. R. insisted that the Indian annuities, and the
new puro>a<es of lands from Indians would, t"ee-
ther, be equal to a million of dollars per a-num;
nr.d'to that extent this bill was a fraud, violatm:--
us title and its professed obj ct, and dividing cus-
tom-house, instead of land office, revenue.
Mr. B. said it was a party bill, proved to be so
by those v. ho supported i<, by the company which
it k^pt, and by i's effect on the Constitution and
public'morals. It was brought forward by Fede-
ral gentl men, supported by those who go for a
'                         ......       '-       ......                        ""......                                                 ',   "                           I  I  I    ■! IM>
National Bank, for the new loan bills atfd tax "bills,
for the abolition debt bill, cilled Banimrpt; a'ffd for
all the measures which lead to a strong, a splendid,
and a corrupt Government This Distribution1 mjí
is supported by that party, wi h such mea$uresf.añá
is, therefore, purely and simply a party measure-^-
a Federal party measure.             .              ' '    -
Mr. B. showed that this bill, in its beginning-,
and when State Legislatures a'ked^ for it, asid
when gentlemen advocated it, entirely rested upon
the supposition of a surplus in the Treasury; and
tha't, to be consistent with themselves, as well as to
do what was light in itself, they should now op-
pose the bill: now, that so far from having a sur-
plus, we have a deficiency of revenue; at>d are
honoring and taxing comforts and necessaries.
Mr. B. put it, emphatically, to gentlemen to say, if
consistency with their former professions and votes
did net now require them to postpone this bill to a
sca-'f n of ample or surplus revenue?
Mr. B followed the bill through its practical
operation, both in distributing money and in en-
tailing new burthens on the people; and here it is
found slmost impossible to abridge, or to analyze
his argument. It was all documentary, and statis-
tical, and led to íesuifs which were extremely im-
pressive. As to the distribution, be said that would
be small m amount, very little compared to what
wasexp cted, and that little would not go to the -
people, but to banks, companies, speculators, and
large objects of expenditure, in which the body of
the people had no concern, and which might bring
up::n them afresh imposition of taxes. Thus the
body of ibe people would get nothing by distribu-
tion. Not so with respect to new taxes to be laid
to supply the place of the distributed money. The
new tax bill, now on the table, is to raise ten or
twelve millions for the Treasury, but that will cost
eighteen or twenty to the people. This eighteen or
twenty millions will be levied on articles of comfort
and necessity, now free of duty, or subj°ct to a small
duty, or in'ended to be made free by the Demo-
c-sc . Among these articles Mr. B. enu-
merated a few, such as tea, coffee, spices, molas 
ses, common blankets, salt, <fcc. and exhibited two
tables which were no less striking for their results
than their details. The first showed that the amount
of free goods brought into the country during the
last year of Mr. Van Buren's administration was
SEVENTY-SIX mi'lions of dollars, and the
amount of goods paving less than TWENTY per
centum was FOURTEEN millions of dollar?,
making NINETY millions of goods either free, or
paying from FIVE to FIFTEEN per centum,
bionsbt into the country in the concluding year of
the Democratic Administration. The benefit of
this to individuals, and to commerce, agriculture,
and domestic manufactures, Mr. B. displayed by
examining the details of the tabl?s, stating the ar-
ticles, and their amounts, which they contained,
the importat.c >. of these articles to the body of ihe
people, ttr? universality of their use, their use in
manufactures, and their effect in promoting foreign
commerce, and consequently our national agricul-
ture. These details were very impressive; and Mr.
B. showed theeffect of these free importations on the
city of New Orleans, wh;ch was becoming a
great comnvrcal emporium, to the benefit of the
whole West, and this by the influx of free goods,
or goods nearly free, and by the absence of a Na-
tional Bank to control her markets. No justice
can be done to this part of Mr. B's speech in this
brief sketch: the full report, the tables in detail,
ar.d the display of the practical workings of the dis-
tribution scheme and the new tax bill, can alone
do justice to it. The people of the United States
will read them with astonishment, and see thecal
burdens they impose upen themselves in the illu-
sive pursuit after distribution.
Mr. B. showed the unconstitutionality of this
dis'tibuti'n, and illusive nature of the arguments
used for it. All iurned upon tbe authority "to dis-
pose of the territory" oí the United States;.bat the
same clause gave tbe sime power to dispose of
"the other property of the United States;" and if- you
can divide laud, every thing may be divided out—
ships f°ft?> mini1'0"3 oí war, this Capitol, the
President's House, all the public buildings; .-and
every thing.   We may buy up and divide allithf
