$ao
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JfUNeliAI, EXPENSES OP THE LATE PRESIDENT.
" .".On* «totion of Mr. BOTTS, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the s'a'e
of the Union, (Mr. Randolph of New Jersey in
the chair,) and, after some struggle for priority of
business, the committee took up the bfil making
appropriations for the funeral expenses of the late
President of the United States, (Gen. William H.
Harrison.)
And the bill having been read through—
Mr. BOTTS explained the grounds of the bill.
The Marshal of the District had, by order of the
Secretary of Siate, provided all things necessary
to the funeral ceremonies of the Jate lamented Pre-
sident. The accounts having been presented, the
Secretary directed them to be laid before Con-
gress: they had been referred to the Committee
of"Ways and Means, and the present bill was re-
ported by orderof that committee. The accounis
had all been printed- Mr. B. considered them all
as very extravagant: but the bill did cot direct they
should be paid until they bad been duly audited.
The total amount was a little over $3.000.
The explanation having been made, the com-
mittee, on motion of Mr. Botts, rose and reported
-the bill to the House, where it underwent some
sligiit discussion. An effort was made to postpone
its further consideration to Monday nex'; which
did not succeed.
• A motion was made to submit the accounis to
be audited by the Marshal; but it was rejected by
yeas and nays ?s follows: yeas 60, nsy  94.
When after a desultory conversation, it was
agreed, on motion of Mr. BOARDMAN of Con-
necticut, to adopt a substitute for the bill, which
submitted the accounts to be audited and paid by
the proper accounting officers of the Tteasury.
Mr. UNDERWOOD opposed ihr bill.
And was answered by Mr. POPS.
When Mr. BOTTS moved the previous ques-
tion; which having been seconded, put, and car-
ried, th« bill was ordered to its engrossment, read
a third time by its title, and passed—yeas 128,
nays 23.
The House, then, on motion of Mr. GILMER,
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Randolph of New Jersey in the
chair,) and took up the bill in relation to placing
the statue of Washington in the Rotundo of the
Capitol.
The bill having been read—
Mr. GILMER went into % full explanation of
the grounds of the bill, quoting from the documents
in support of the several iiems of appropriation
contained in it; wnich were: 1. For the pi operation
and execution of the work. 2. For freight. And
3. For the removal of the sta'ue from the navy
yard, and its erection in the Rotundo.
Tne bill underwent several amendments a* to
the sums appropriated, on account of demurr9?e
of the vessel, &c. also for an iron railing to fur-
round the status when erected in the Retundo.
Mr. GRAHAM of Nor, h Caro],na moved an
amendment the «(feet of whoh would be  > rescii.d
a former res'.lutíon wlreri had required ,h<* stft'u,
to be erectfd in the centre of tin  R-.itund' , and per-
mitting it to be r laced in such otíi< r o?r. of t'nt
apartment as might be d'nei ted I.y the SecrtU'} of
the Navy. Mr. Grcenongh, th,' sfitio'or, in ¡:
letter to a commitiee of Cor.grcs, hro 'suggested
thr.t the centre would not be rh.- proper pla-.'e t,-.r
his work, because ihe light wo'jM V.v ib {,¡'1 vcr11-
cally upon it, and that a better position for ir-e
statue would bs mid a ay between th-- entre and
the door leading to the Library; a..d (he amend-
merit left that point d'screiionary with the Secre-
tary.
Mr. HOLMES opposed the amendment, on the
ground that any other location of the Sta'es than
the centre of the Rotundo wou'd cKstr y the f\m-
metryof that mpeniheent saloon, ant more than
counterbalance an -disadvantage fiom the d,r, c-
tion of the rays ol light.
Mr. ADAMS said he hid formerly concurred in
this opinion, and had expressed it to the House a
few days since, when the bill w?.s up. But, on fur-
ther examination, he had ascertained that there
was a drip from the leakage of the glass lantern
over the centre of the dome of the Rotudo, which
would threaten the injury, if not eventual destruc-
tion, of tne sumo, if placed under it, and be was,
therefore, inducee to yield the argument derived
from the symmetry of the apartment.
Mr. KEIM suggested a difficulty a? to the man-
ner in %htcii the floor had been strengthend by
arches over the crypt below, (originally intended
for the reception of Gen. Washington's remains;)
should the immense weight of the statue (not less
than 20 tons) be placed at any oiher point, ihe
floor misht prove insufficient to sustain it.
To this it was replied that there were other
arches beneath tho floor, which would be quite suf-
ficient to endure the weight.
The amendment was finally agreed to.
Whereupon, in the midst of sundry suggestions
to take up bill?, and general cries of " No, no; let
us rise," the committee rote, and reported the bill
to the House.
In the House it forthwith received its third read-
ing, and was passed.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fmday, Aueust 27, 1841.
The bill from tae Hou-e of Repiesenlatives
making appropriations to de'Yay the expenses of
the funeral of the late General Harrison, was read
a fir«t and seeond time by i's title, and referred to
the Committfe on the District of Columbia.
The bill making an appropriation for the Pott
Office Department was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred lo the Oommitice on the
Post Office and Post Ro~.d>\
The joint resolution for Ihe distribution of the
copies of the sixth census was taken up, and th?
amendment of the Hou-.e concurred in.
Tlie bill relating to du'ies and dmvb'cks,
wn announced by tht Chair as the general order.
Mr. CLAY sa;d he did not expect that bill to
be taken up to day. Nevertheless, he was ready
to go on with it. The arnen-lments were unim-
portant in themselves, and not likely to excite de-
bate. They might at ¡east read Ihe bill, and go
through with the amendments, until the time
whicti was set apart for going into Executive
■ession.
Mr. CALHOUN thought the bill had better be
put off until Monday. They had been much wea-
ried of late with business of great public impor-
tance, and really had not had time to examine
prop-ily the amendments.
Mr. CLAY .«aid the effect of the amendment
would be to subject "gold and silver, and other
watches, and parts of wa'ches; gold and S'iver lace
embroidery; lace? of'.ilk, ihiead, or cotton; and all
ar'icles composed wholly or chiefly of gold and sil-
ver; gems and piecious stone*, and pearls of a'l
kinds, when se ; jeweller;.-, including ps'-tr," to a
duty of 20 per ceo'. Some had piofosed that the
duty ,'hould be left where it was, at 121 per c^rit.
winle o ¡¡ers thought that only a infl ngduty tiioul I
bs i- ipo-ed, because t! e e a't.ch-s m'siit easily be
bmrgsr> d, and thus 'h'- du:v he evad-d. On the
who e, thf I'Oirirn fee had cciúe to the roncliisio¡i
¡hat, ss ihe-o were articles of lui.-ry and of a cost-
!y kind, pobticil :s wi I! a-¡ eco.'orm-a' c"<-..,¡.leia-
tions, rccom.neuded thai use <■ sin u'd be subj-erfü
to ¡he centerrrlat-d du'y id 20 o r ,■• tn
Mr. n'RIGHT .a:d'he r-tr-c ..; ii.i= smenduie-M
weu d ba to sjhjeet thc-o. a/n-l-", to .i''uty oi 20
per co.;'. Now, the lepr.'Si-nta'iors he ha! icom
i-r^e i.-i-poftets and d'ílois .how^d ¡hat ihe >•<;ve-
nue w..sid be les-eie.-i, matead of heeded, from
th'- imp'St'on of any such duty. Th;'y >-aj th-t 20
per '."'"Hi. w.iul I give less d.'ty than 12, an ' thui 12
v,ou'd give lev. thin a da y of 5 p?rcetit. and they
put it on the sround tharanicles of gre-n value a.nd
little bflk would bo smuggled V:ts so-h facility a>
to ?void the doty, 'ihe evil would b-j to esta-
blish a system of swindling, w'-bh would destioy
the trade ot tbo=e >¡.'bo had too moeh priocip!  to
resort to smuggling. Ar.d, in a fioanctdl point of
view, he submifed wbe'her it wou'd not be beuer
to leave the bill as it was.
Mr. CLAY would say but a word or two, and
tuen leave the Senate to deal with the amendment
as it pleased. He had been waited ©n by a com-
mittee of very intelligent persons, representing that
particular interest, who had urged upon h.m the
imposition of a duty of 20 per cent. He told those
gentlemen they would be cheated, and the revenue
cheated, by the efforts that would be made to
smuggle tho?e articles in to avoid so high a duty.
Tney answered that they knew there was smug-
gling, but they also knew all the importers of those
articles, and they meant to establish a sysWm that
would guard against smuggling by bringing the
perpetrators to punishment. The committee con-
sidered there would be very little done in that busi-
ness any how; and as they were articles of luxu-
ry, they thought it better to prevent any dissatis-
faction which might arise from placing a less
amount of duty on these articles than on necessa-
ries. In a matter like this, genera! satisfaction was
worth the less of a little revenue. Por the sake
then of their friends in Pennsylvania or elsewhere,
and in deference to that feeling, he would like the
amendment to be retained. Ha would ask the
yeas and  nays on the proposition.
Mr. CALHOUN thought the subject had better
lie over. Senators had not an opportunity of exa-
mining ihe amendments; indeed, raw bad even the
bill before them, not expecting it to come up. He
agreed with the Senator from Kentucky that it
was important to give satisfaction, but the best way-
was to do what was right and proper; and he al-
ways found that, in the end, it satisfied more per-
sons than they woul 1 by looking about and around
to see what particular interest could be concili-
ated. Whatever touched the jevemie touched the
pockets of the people, and should be looked to
with great caution. Nothing, m his opinion, was
so preposterous as toexpeci.by a hiah duty on these
article?, to increase the revenue. If the duty was
placed at 20 per cent, it would be impossible to
prevent smug:ling. Tne 3rt;cie'i m question would
not bear any sucji duty; indeed, if they were re-
duced to 5 per cent, more revenue would be real-
ized. He really hoped the Senator would ¡et the
matter lie over until to-morrow or Monday.
Mr. CLAY said he always found, whsn there
was a journey to be performed, that it was as
well to make the start; if they only got five or
six miles on the way, it was so much gained at
least.
Mr CALHOUN, We ought to have had some
notice.
Mr. CLAY. I give you notice now. Start '.
start! The amendment was very simple, and
easily understood. Ii was neither more nor l.->s
than to exempt the articles named from the list of
exceptions in the bill, by which they would be sub-
jected to a duty of 20 per cent. Tho-e who
agreed to it could say "ay," and those v.'ho did
not "no;" and that was all he should ssy on the
subject.
Mr. SMITH of Oosmec'icu'. would vo:j rg,tinst
ihe amendment, on the ground ihat rin inórense of
du'yonth'so anic'es W'.u'd Ws -n the revenue.
He thought the bill better as if f,td..l.
Mr. NICHOLSON expllined lv; views¿>t so¡£e
Icr.g'h io if "or of the an-cdment.
Mr. WOOD3IIRY was of opiiion t'.a', i 1 cl.ity
above'en per cent, would act '-ya pf'ooj.jí to
smugghng. Mr. W pom'-d io s ¡ks uo.l '.«cev,
wliieh w.„r? a, easily s.n-j^Vd am.-t a, :h se
articles.
Mr. ALLEN of O'no -a'd: í aoi -rpo — : -o ¡his
bill in al! its forms, aid sh.\í , ..e.e o e, v jf
agairut it whatever shape i! >oay rt-fi-ray ;i i- a
bill to tax the f:a, coffer a-id .'trier •• nici: :>-~n by
tt-e general body of the p;op e, >o toe-, iicj-. of
twenty cents on every do!l:i'.i worib, la . rdiv to
ge' money ;o dUiiibute uti 'er the act wc p.i?sed < i
yesterday. The money tln.s coif tied «n." disui-
rrurd is intended to go to Eritis1: l ack-vs—to ¡he
sufjects of a fore.gr> conn ry, 'h- inemy ol" 'hi--,
and by whom v.'c arc threatened with hos'ihtus
and war. Yes, v/eare, by mi., biifi-.n.' t:v¡; v'a oil
we yiiterday pac-sec1, levying a B-:i..--h i/.bf.e o:¡
the American people—levy in,- a t:-x upon t:.e ne-
cessaries of life used by tifm, for the purpose not
of defending our country again.-t British aggres-
sions, but of furnishing th« B itish nation u-i-.h
additional m^ans of repeating those wn.ogs.
This being the character of thesa two acis, I now
give notice to   their  friends, the Senators on the
