CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
other side, thit when the acts shall have
Wa mitttred, I will move for leave to introduce a
hill to repeal such parts of them both as impose a tax
mi tea, coffee, and oilier necessaries, and di tribute swefc
ínir—'.hat is, the distribution sections of the land bill,
and those parís of this revenue bill which impose a du-
ty of twenty per centum upon the articles I have
named. It will be. my pujóse to connect in the
■idmc bilí to repe¿l, and in toe fame view before
the country, both the evil and the lemedy—tie tax
and the distribution, because the former is the con-
sequence of the latter, and when so psesented will
be best understood by the whole body of ¡he
peop'e.
I shall, however, vote for ihe amendment t ow
proposed, as it is its object lo carry up the duty
upon artices of gold and silver end ether like ar-
ticles of luicuiy, to twenty per centum, equal to the
duty proposed «pun necessaries.
As ¡o the suggestions of ¡ny friend from New
York [Mr. Wright] 'hit ih-s hirli duly on these
rnat'ers of luxury w;H defeat the revenue from
that umiec alugether, by the encouragement it
offer; to smuggling, my answer h, that the same
effect will folio*-, if it follow at ah, from the duty
of twelve and a hid:" per ce..t. wlrch will remiin,
shoal! this amendment n.t p.'cvad. Against the
smuggling of such ar'ieles, so small, ye! o valua-
ble, not even ten, no, net even five per cení, duty
can afford a safeguard. An the reason U this:
that in the case of such article, em '.his duty is
greater than the piice of insurance against the
danger of detection. This we know from 'he ex-
perience of France, England, and indeed, ail Eu-
rope, when the rate of insurance a^iiist detec-
tion is as veil fixed, as t'.at against the dangers of
the .-e.i.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he intended to vote
in favor of the motion for ihe amendment now un-
der cons'dpratinn, a-d it was due to himself and
tho.-e he represent.-d, to say a few words in expla-
na'ioii «f the principle on which it would he given.
He SL-.i-l he had always entertained and a<ied upon
t ie p-iEüi:'3, t.-Jtttsxatnn shs-uid he imposed upon
luxunes rather tiau upon t-;-j "ie. "¿~<. i'-s rf iife.
On that fiiueiple the bur-hen. oi tax" ¡'.n fell prin-
cipally upon the rich, who were able to bear it—as
i< girded the necessaries of life, tb.-y en-ered ino
the c ir-'uujjt'oa rf the poor, w|:o were lets able
to ov-.r it,ar'd shor-ln b; li.b'S-e t.'i.d.
:>"•.¥, said Mr. C. what is the j.ro;~o-ul amend-
iiiein? Tr.e fjregniig pan o> t e bill declaies
ir.ata!! artiide1-, now , d .i Kit a' ,t !--•' rs'c than
20 pt-r leaiwn ='d valoren-, ^' -.i! ray :-- du-y of 20
per cent, txctpt ccrtr.'o ei":;'.".at. .".'tris; and
üiüoii.-st t'-ose :o enumerate i a'.d. ex.-.-. pied, are
'void anl i.i'ver KP.d oiji~r fatci f?, and pirts of
v/itches, rold and sdver lac..--, em'-ai-t-iy, Sees o>'
thre-".'. s:ik, or eolio i, r.i.d i.ll ait.i les coajpo-d
cbi-fly oí gold or s lver, gems and precious
Bíoiif'ó, sr.d pearl : or' ail kinds wh-a set,
jív.tix'!', mcl.-'Jing pa-to"—v!ii ¡>, widi cer-
tain otner en'J'.n-ra'cu ai'i:-l s under 'he hi! , if
«.•ta:-!«-'drd, wuvdd only pay !■"-;.'> t'vc'y ih same
r.Vitii «".f d >:? imp-.sea : :i t .e-n -ndrr e.t v..ng taws.
*,¥iKt •.vs'l be tlr: eff-c of ih~ MiiEi'dmer,;, ¡vtfiki'g
..-• (rv. clause which has ivc-n icei'.ed? it w.ll be
i > i.-.ci -"C the ra-e uf ilrJy or. thus ■. < nicies from
tvvilve 3')d a l.r-tf per centum (ihe p/iscer tale) to
twetty p.r centum ad valoit-m; ar d, sir, 1 cannot
rtfus; to ¡".vie my vo'e in favor of .such increase cf
dui\, on the pr.nciple I have ¡an; down for my g >-
verr.ment, ?spec¡.a!!y v. hen we kno*r t'-.at so many
arietes wlich enter ¡mo the u-e ;.r.d ori-innp'ion
of almost every family, poor as well as fob, are to
bo taxed at that rate.
Who are they that tva^t -'%Al ;rd silver
w-itcheo?" Who aie th-"y that want ''gold and
íi ver lace embroidery, laces of thread, sdk, or cot-
ton," and v.ho require and use 'Ve.es and pre-
cioa-j stones, and pearls v.h?n s-t, and jewellery!"
Every one must answer, those ".ho a e wealthy —
those who hive means beyo.'.d thiir necessary
wants—those who have r..oney iO s/are and
snend for ihe gr?.tsficttion oi tase, fancy, and
pride. Such artic'e-i are not ¡t-'eded nor desired
by the poor, because they d<- • cut necessary for
their sttbu.-deacc or comfort. They are not lite cof-
fee, tea, ;t"„ar, and ¡.alt, and coarse blankrtí, whtca
a'e necessaries of life, and should be admitted free of
duty, or, at Ieast,.ata very moderate rate. The. man
who wants a gold watch, or those who want fine
lace, embroidery, gems, ór diamonds, will not stop
for the increased cost of seven and a half per cent.
They will purchase such articles just as readily
when brought in at twenty per cent, ad valorem,
as when they are brought at twtlve and a half per
cent In fact, these things belong to the class of arti-
cles known under the general name of luxuries—not
necessaries—and those who use ihem do not stop
for the price—their means of purchasirg are not
limited. Heace Mr. C. thought there was no dan-
ger of an increase of smuggling, nor that a smaller
revenue would de derived from this si urce, on ac-
count of the increased rate of duties.' The im-
porter he thought would be able to realize a profit
of the same amount, whether he paid the higher
duty or not; and if bis per certum. of profit were
the same, what additional motive had he to per-
petuate the crime of smuggling?
Arair>: Mr. C. coatended that the increased rate
of duty would be an additional motive with those
charged with the collection of the revenue, to ex-
erci-e greater vigilance and caution against smug-
gling, and to detect the perpetrators.
Mr. C. said, entertaining these views, he should
vote for the amendment under consideration; and
should, at the same, vore to reduce the duty, or
take off altogether the duties proposed on articles,
which were properly classed as "necessaries,"
and that in trie sequel, he might, and probably
should feel it is his duty lo vote against the whole
bill, in any shape it would probabiy assume.
Mr. KING should vole on the measures present-
ed to him on tbeir m;nts, without looking to their
political effec's. He believed the rale of duty now
existing would yield more revenue than an in-
crease. They ou«ht to shape their duties to that
there might be a fair and h-norable competition in
the market, and not an advantage given to the dis.
honest over the honest. This measure would lead
to smuggling. No one could doubt it. it must be
the effect of it, and it would not add to the reve-
nue. Why, then, wai it introduced? For politi-
cal effect, that they might hold out to the people
the idea that tbey increased the duty on luxuries?
He should vote for a proper duty on articles, and
a duty which would hi collected. He asked his
friends of the cotton-growing regions whether th'-y
were prepared to lay the highest duties on articles
fir wheh ih-y exchanged their cotton? It w^old
of n-:ce-sity tend to ¡"inair the sale ot their prodvic
tioin. As to laving tajws on articles of first t.er.es
si'y, if th-y could be exempted, consistently with
the demand for re vence, they ought to b: exempt-
ed.    He should vote against ihe amendment.
Mr. CALHOTJN in:erid d, on this question, to
pu-sae rigidly Ihe liie of duty, it was a great
question, and he would not be divertid either to the
right or to the left. He agreed wiih the Sena'or from
Oh-o lhat even a duly of 10 per cent, on these arti-
cles would oecason ih.-ir illicit in'rodudion, and
he -.ubuilt.-d to Senator.', whether ihey wee pre-
nared to do an act whbh would tend to coriupt the
moral: of ihe communi'y, while it would not bring
a dollar >n o the Trej.itry. At the origin of our
government, these ar ic'es bore but light duties, say
five or six per cent, and they would produce more
revenue now, with toes  du'irs on them, ih-tn with
ihe 2!) per cnt. proposed m the amendment.
He was not lo be called on to vote for
this bill, p-opon-.ng, as- it did, a preat in-
crease ot ¡axes on the comraun.i-y, becau-.e it
i.'.vs an exigency mea-me. He should give
his voles as- if f;,r the permanent settlement of the
lai:ll. The esisency was produced by the gentle-
men on the opposite side, and they should be held
re-ponsible for it. This necessity bad been pro-
duced by >h: present Administration—it was of
¡heir making, -and he shonld vote for this as if he
were seit'ing the tases and >;sif thu geru'emen had
done their duty, and hid not by extravagance and
distribution created a deicieaoy in the Tr°a.ury,
for which th'-y were responsible. They yesterday
passed a bill emptying the Treasury, by giving
away the proceeds of the public lands, and to-day
we hdvea hill to s.ipply the drfHency t<y a resort
to a tax which in itself *i-. a violation of ihe com-
promise act. The compromise act provides^ thai
no duty shall be laid except for the economical
support of the Government; and Be regardett-TlFe
giving away of the public lands a'violaiiotf'oMbat
ac', whether the duty was raised to 30.|!^tigfi£ij§ir
not, because they had not attempted teSrwg wsra
the expenses of the Government to anVeonort&a!
standard. He should proceed with this <_bill*Wf
he were fixing the tariff; he thought an avetMfeJof
twelve And a hatfper cent, oh oiir imfiiirls^wwild
raise an ample revenue for the support p#*h*Éks-
vernment, and in his votes on the SeveiftMaMSses
if articles he should bear this average in*ttí*á,
imposing higher duties on some, and.ióiftfcr"Mies
on others, as he thought the several casetaealted
for.                              ~                         '   «' tf?5"
Mr. BENTON said this bill came exaétly«f£ its
right place, to fill up the gap created alter the«|ipSs-
sage of the Land bill. To have bsen in, general
keeping with the order of things, they ought to
have taken it up last niaht, to have filled' u#" the
hole which the Land bill bad made. Thefe'-were
now t*o other subjects on the table which'-htti'pie-
cedence of this, viz: the Fortification' bill arid the
resolution relating to the purchase of• American
water-rotted hemp Yet this bill most be'-tafien
up in violation of the rules, though one- of-.-the
most causeless, heartless, and wicked measures
that could be conceived, and he shoulfti Aabe
care that it should be known as sucbVfr-He
would vote for this amendment, and would-fpttp
to the high;st rate on articles of luxury, ,bt% he
should vote to keep down the du'y on tea, sajsar,
coffee, spices, and such aitic'es, to the 'láK! -"fhey
were under ihe glorious times of Jackson'oW'Tari
Buren. This bid serves to place an indiscriminate
duty on alt articles; itevendra^s up; the d^jjjion
blanket which the poor rao'h'r uses to feep^Ser
child from fretztng, arid imposes the same"daty as
on the blankets of the very bist quality, s%ch as
the rich luxuriate in. I mean, said Mr. BJ to -vote
to spare the articles of common use in every fami-
ly, especially the poor. The bill was cruel, wan-
ton, wicked. It was Federal I To make a pre-
text for it the land revenue must be thrown away;
men ten times as much levtcd upon the necessaries
of life, heretofore free, as the land money amonnts
to. For ihe first lime  e have a bill to level vtaxu-
ries and necessities—to make all pay alike—to
abolish the p,inoiple bv wideh necessaries and com-
forts had been h<:;«-toi<'i • spared—nearly all spared
except salt—v,.-! that ¡he Demicracy intended to
ma!;.; tree, but this Federa! bilí is to continue the
tax tinon tt.                                                    ■'
The ques'.'.oa was then taken on agreeing with
the amcndm'-ni oí 'he commit'ee, and decided in
ihe íiffirma ive aí/oilo.".•>:
YEAS—Messrs. Al'en, Archer, Barrow, Bates,
Biyard, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay
of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,'
Evan*, Fnl-on, G.aham, Huntington, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, ¡VUngum, Miller, Morebead¿- Mwton,
Nicholson, Pho'ps, Pieice, Porter, Prentiss, Rives,
Scvwr, ¡ii-Koo-is, Smith of Ind-ana, S.'iuhard,"
Stnnem. T.ilimadge, Tappan, While, WiU-ams,
V7oodbrtd':e, Wuodo.ur, and Yoaog—41.
NAYS—Mnr.=. Colhoun. Hend-r^ou, King,
Sm.th uf Connecticut, end V/iight—5.
Mr. CLAY said he had no desire to proceed
fnrihsr with this bill a  present;but would agree_ to
go into Executive srssion, with the understanding
that the bdl should be taken up when they came
out. The further consideration of the. bilLwa*
then pos: poned.   And, on motion of
Mr. R1VE3, the Senate proceeded lo'the'cnsi-
deraiion of Esecudve b .siness.    And after Isome
lime spent ifa.re'ii,
The Senate adjourned.
HOIPE OF REPRESENTATIVES,'
Fr.dat, August 27, 1841.
The journal of yesterday   was  reaa and   ap-
1>r Mr. CAMPBSLL of South Carolina asked leave
;o "offer ihe following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat the Clerk ofthis Hquse is hereby directed
to ha« the names of the aiembe.s _oi the H ...je of ReFveS!r>.
utiveswrittm on separate piece* ot pap.-r ami placed m one
hoi and Hie elesks «umbercvl and tin; nmubers placed on se|n-
fai'piMes of paper in another tux- tiw< previous to the next,
- q 
