CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           393
And the question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Fillmore, that the coir.mitiee take up the Diplo-
mare Agent bill—
Tne motion was agreed to—ayes 62, noes 60.
The committee then took up the following bill,
which was reail:
"Be it enacted, $c. That the following sums be, and thesame
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, viz:
"For outfits of ministers to Russia, Spain, Mexico, and
Brazil, and of charges d'affaires to Portugal, Denmark, Sar-
dinia, Naples, Chili, and Texas, Bijr.y-tluee thousand dol-
lars.
"Forsalaries of ministers to Spain and Brazil for the residue
of the current year, eight thousand dollars.
''For salaries of the secretaries of legation to the same places,
onethousandeighthundred dollars." "
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to strike out the ap-
propriations for Sardinia and Naples, and observed
that, as far as he knew, there were no party con-
siderations in this question; and he was sure there
was nothing personal in it. His reasons for ob-
jecting to these missions were, that they originated
al'ogelher in this House—that no President of the
United Stales ever recommended, suggested, or at
any rate approved of them, and that there was
nothing to do either at the one place or the other.
He considered them as mere places of honor and
profit, and of no advantage to ihe country. As to
Naples, there never had been a minister here from
that kingdom, in íeturn for the one we sent
there.
Such was Mr. I's impression; and unless some
gentleman should set him n ht by showing the
contrary, he should continue to believe that boih
of ihem were entirely useless. The Court of his
Sardinian Majesty had once had a minister near
the United States Government, but Naples never
had; and why should we retain a minister there?
The mission began here, and here it ought to
end.
Mr. FILLMORE cilled for the reading of the
President's message and the letter of the Secretary
of State on the subject, which was read.
[The message mealy transmits the letter of Ihe
Secretary of State asking for the appropriations,
without comment ]
Mr. FILLMORE requested the Clerk to read
the message of the President covering a letter from
the Secretary of State applying for th<! necessary
appropriations for our foietgn diplomatic inter-
course, as reponed in the bill, and covering, in that
application, these two missions to Naples and Sar-
dinia; and they were read accordingly.
Mr. Fillmore would -not enter into the ques-
tion where these missions had originated; it was
enough for him, as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that they now existed, and that
the Executive had made a regular official applica-
tion tor the necessary appropriations lo continue
lhem. It seemed a strange reason to urge to that
House that it was there the missions had had their
origin. He believed the Neapolitan mission was
now of fourteen, perhaps sixteen, years' standing.
Mr. IíTGERSOLÚ sai- lis ha Í been given to
under='anf lhat ihese missions originated m tMs
House, which he considered was an abuse that
was in danger of becoming inveterate. He spoke
of a former Executive, and he would add that he
saw nothing in the message of the pre.-em Execu-
tive, or in '.he communication of the Department
of S a'e, whbh recommended them as neces.ary
for ¡he public service. These rrvssious were sup-
posed in i his House to bi uf-etui, or connected m
  uní w!i- with thf tobacco trade, and the appro-
priation was made ¡or them without b.?ing asked
for by the Executive, who alone had the ri>bt to
ordinate a foreign mission. The U<e Governor
T&roop of New York was the first minister ap-
pointed to",Naples.
Mr. FILLMORE replied that we fcH had a
commercial agent at that court, a Mr. Appieton,
in 1836: in 1837 he was followers bv Mr. Nelson,
to whom Governor Throop succeeded in 1838, and
he had continued there to the present time. Thus
a diplomatic intercourse, of some description, has
been uninterruptedly Kept up lor sixteen years.
Tnis it was now proposed to the House to abolish,
because it had originated with the House ! It was
enough for him lhat the Executive had the consti-
tutional power to appoint the minister, and asked
of Congress the means to pay him his salary.   He
had na personal solicitude, however, on the sub-
ject.
As to Sardinia, the intercourse had not continued
so long. A years or two siuce a Mr. Rogers, son
to a member of Congress, bad be;n appointed
charge des affaires; but he had scarce arrived at
Turin, when he became insane, and was in that
condition at this time. Though the mission itself
might be a very proper one, the incumbent ought
certainly to be changed.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that he intimated some
weeks a o, ttiat it was very difficult to get infor-
mation on any subject through the instrumentali-
ty of a resolution, and he then gave notice that
whenever thts bill came up, he would object to
these missions. This he thought would subject the
gentleman at the head of the committee to the
necessity of preparing himself with information to
defend them. Now he look issue with the gentle-
man on his first position. He affirmed that no
mission ought to origtnate in this House. It was
not a strange reason he had given for striking out
these appropriations. It was a constitutional and
proper reason. The executive was charged by
the Constitution, with the management of our
foreign intercourse. He possessed all ¡he neces-
sary information; and with the sanction of the Se-
nate he had the power to appoint our diplo-
matic agents as he thought proper. On the con-
trary, the House possessed no information with re-
gard to our foreign affairs, and could not iherefore
judge when a mission was proper. In short, ihe
Coi-stitutioa gave the House no power, but to
originate and pass the appropriation. With re-
gard to the different appropnations in this bill,
there were one or two of them that he «;ould make
no objection to. Th? mission to Austria he
thought was wholly useless and he thought a
chnnge was suffic.ent for Spain and Mexico.
If he failed now, be should endeavor to bring
this matter before the. House and the country at a
more auspicious period, and he had such confi-
dence in the truth and strength of his position,
that he had no doubt, but tnathe should eventually'
succeed
Mr. FILLMORE here suggested that even
should the amendment prevail, it would not put an
end to Ihe mission* to which the gentleman object-
ed: the United States bad Charges ¿'Affaires at
both Courts; and the simple question, therefore,
wis, whether we would change the agency from
that of full Ministers to that of Charges?
Mr. INGERSOLL dented this statement to be
correct. He was personally acquainted with Mr.
Rogers, and a very respectable young gentleman
he was. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fillmore] was mistaken in supposing him to con-
tinue still m a state of derangement: he had re-
covtred, had retired froia his mission, and was
now on h.s way home; consequently the Sardinian
mission we.s  now vacant.
Mr. ^.LLMORE sain that the mere f.<ct of a
minster's having left his post did not render a mis-
sion vacan : especially where such removal was
not wiih the knowledge or permission oí h.s Go-
vernment, at Mr. P. presumed t> be. the case ¡n
the present instance; cet.audy Mr. F. h>.J receiv-
ed from the Department no iuuimvkm of any
leave to vacate the mission: the Department had
ar;nlied for an appropriation to ktep it up.
'Mr. INGERSOLL said that an a-:i of Go.l had
made it vacant. Formal y there had been at Na-
ples only a consul; and when Mr. Nelson succeed-
ed him, he went out as Charge, but the appoint-
ment was lemoorary in its cba'acter. Gov. Throop
was the first* resident m.mster, and ought to be
the last. Ttiat Government had no corresponding
representative here; and our minister at Naples
had nothing to do. The only use that there ever
had b.en in keeping up a mission there at ail, was
some connection it had formerly been supposed to
have with our relations with Turkey and Austria;
but the duty, if there was any, might just as well
be performed by a consul; the place was a  mere
sinecure.
Mr. I. proceeded to remark that, as to the ¡Sardi-
nian mission, the former incumbent having left it,
a successor had been nominated to the Senate.
[Mr. Dawsos.   Yes, and confirmed.]
Mr. I. said he had no wish to interfere with the
appointment or oulfit; he merely wished at present
lo lay ihe foudation on which the mission might
eventually be abolished. Our diplomatic inter-
course was becoming unwieldly, and we were ren-
dering it stil! more expensive by increasing our
missions to Spain and Mexico, by replacing Charges
with full ministers; to that part of the bill he
should urge no objectian, though his opinion was,
from what had been told him, that the change was
wor^e than unnecessary, as nobody could perform
their duties better than had our Charg«s. He was
told that there were some reasons why we should
have a full minister at the Court of Brazil.
But what were these Executive documents which
had been so much reli«d on by the chairman of the
Ways and Means? They were mere papers of
official routine. They did not endorse these Nea-
politan and Sardinian missions; they gave them no
sanction whatever, as proper and necessary. If
the fact were as Mr. I had stated; if the honorable
chairman could not deny lhat they were foreign
missions which had had their orign in that House,
or show their importance or necessity, Mr. I.
would surnit a motion to strike them from the bill,
by way of groundwork for ihe future efforts to re-
duce the unwieldly size of our existing diplomatic
iniercourse.
Mr. CÜSHING addressed the committee at
some length in opposition to the amendment. He
was opposed to it for the same reasons as given by
the chairman of lh? Committee of Ways and
Means—to wit: lhat there was on the table an
Executive communication calling upon Congress
to make the usual appropriations for the missions
to the Courts of Naples and Sardinia; and, ac-
cording to the ordinary course of legislation in re-
ference to diplomatic appointments—as Ihe foreian
relations of tho country were confided, by the Con-
stitution, exclusively to the P.-esident, with the
concurrent advice of the Senate, save so far as the
House of Representatives had an ultimate control
by the power to grant or lo wi'hhold tbe necessary
supplies—the usual courtesy between the co-ordi-
nate branches of Government led to an appropria-
tion as a matter of course, unless very strong rea-
sons existed to the contrary. Such instances were
of very rare occurrence. It was known that a
minister had been appointed to Sardinia and con-
firmed by the Senate; and that a minister to Na-
ples had been nominated, but not yet confirmed.
Mr. C. considered the appointment of these mi-
nisters as giving them a vested right in iheir sala-
rio-, and ¡hat was another strong reason why the
appropriation ought to be m^de. As to the state-
ment of the gentleman that ihese missions origina-
ted in this House, he was mistaken as to the facts;
for that of Naples originated in 1831, when Mr.
Nelson  was appointed by 'Jen. Jackson.
Mr. C. admitted lhat Mr. ITeison had specific
iustiucn n-> to nego'iate a treaty, and he had com-
plied with th-!m. Mr. C. uvK/alood that Mr.
Throop has also received ;pec :¡c in-tructions to
execute a treaty ,-itb Naples, and had not fulfilled
ihem. He asked i'ie gentleman fi>m Pennsylva-
nia bow he distinguished a temporary appoint-
mi-nt of a foreign minister from a permanent one?
Tne mission to "Naples had not originated in this
Hot.se, but with the Executive.
Mr. C. made some further remarks, to show the
usefulness of the missions proposed to be abo-
lished.
Mr, TILLINGHAST differed entirely from the
<?en'kra?.n from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll] a«
to the piopriety of 'he proposal for a foreign mis-
sion originating in the House of Representatives.
He bad always u iderswd that our foreign agents
were the representative of the American prople to
foteign nations, just as an ambassador from a mo-
narch was considered as the representative of his
matter here.
Mr. CUSHING here interposed to say, in rela-
tion to an objection to the appointment of an am-
bassador from a Republican Government, on the
ground that ambassadors represented sovereigns*
and in a Republic there was no sovereign, that it
was utterly false and unsound. An ambassador as
much represented a sovereignty when sent from lb?
