CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
395
ia tbe navigation of the European Feas, we should
draw oar relations close with the secondary pow-
ers, as well in the Mediterranean as the Baltic.
Tne question was now put on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Inoessoll, when it was rej«>c.ed
without a count.
Mr. KING moved to amend the bill by adding
an appropriation for the salary of a consul gene-
ral to E<;ypt, and limi'ing the appointment to an
American citizen He was commencing what
promised to be an interesting speech in support of
this amendment, when
Mr FILLMORE raised a question of order as
to Ihe congru'ty ofsuch an amendment with the
bill for the salaries of diplomatic agants already
appointed. This went to a new appointment, and
also opened a new principle as to the qualifica-
tions oí the agent.
The question of order was debated by Messrs.
FILLMORE, MeKAY, CUSHING, and ADAMS;
when the Chair deciding a part of the amendment
to be out of order,
Mr. McKAY withdrew it, reserving himself to
a future oecaion.
The committee then rose, and the chairman re-
ported, without amendment, the Diplomatic ;>s;ent
bill snd the joint resolution in relauon to the Diget
of Patents.
And also reported that the committee had had un-
der consideration the bill for the suppression of In-
dian ho-tilities in F<onda, end the bill for the pur;
cha'e of sites, &o and had conse to n^ conclusion
thereon.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST, the House
concurred with iho Gommitiee of the Whole on
the sia!e of the Union in its report agreeing to ¡he
joint, resolution m relation to tse Digest, of Patents.
Arid ¡he bill making pppiopriatwns tor the ou fit
ana i-aldriesof Diplomatic agents coming up, it \«<as
to be engrossed for athi'd reading.
And, having been ordered to a third reading now,
The bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. DAWSON, the Committed of
the Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill in relation
to the purchase of sites, and the same was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, iniroduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Raol'ied, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be m-
- structed tu inquire into the expediency of reducing the expen-
ditures m the Diplomatic Department ol the Government, by
diminishing the number of mmisteis and oilier diplomatic
attents abroad, and report thereon to the House.
LAND BILL,
Mr. BRIGG3 asked that the Hou*fi would, by
common consent, take up ihe Land bill, and refer
i* to the Gomiitlee on Public Lands, and order the
amendaiems, to be printed.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD inquired of ¡he Speaker if it
was r.i order t« move an amendment?
The SPEAKER replied in the n-eüivf.
And me bill was ihea referred to the Committee
on ihe Public Linds, and the amendments were
ordered to be pnnifd.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, renewed
his motion for leave to introduce the «¡lowing re-
33laÍOlí:
ñsioived, That the Cleric of this House is hereby directed to
have the inmesoi the me.iib-^ uf the flotee ol liepreienla-
tiV'esu'riileu on «op-iraf pieces oí paper, and placed m one
box. and the de^ta numbered, an I the numbers placed on se-
parate pieced 01 paper in ano.her box, teat previous to the
next se3*lo,i of (JonnreiS ho stKill cause til, uii'iei of tiie
tr.acoüers and the number to be duwit alternatively, and
tbat each meir.tier ^hail be enn'Icd to occupy the desk
toe numeer of which is drawn next alter his name lor one
-e^ston
i-ir. MORGAN aid o'.hf r., obj?e>-t.
Mr. PI.'.KE .<S sent t j the'able tr.-i fol'owing
resclu'ioii (n tie'ame subject, wiic.1, ;v: h.<; re-
quest. wí> read fur inf. rmatbt:
Resolved, Tnat the Clerk of this Home be directed to re-
move the des'ts, except the outer circle, by the ne\t session of
Congiess, an i that the seats oí membcis be thou drawn lot in
aip;ir*be,icai order.
Air. CAMPBELL moved to ru.*pen-I the rule to
e icn!e him '0 off-r his resolution, and asaed the
yía<a d o¡r s '.'ti -h\t motion.
Mr. CLIFFORD tnovtd 10 lay the resolution
on ¡he tab'e, hot withdrew it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked the yeas and naya on
that motion, which were not ordered.
And after various motion , made and withdrawn,
the resolution was laid on the table.
POrOVSAC BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Arnold of Tennessee in
ihe chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to provide for tbe repairing of the Potomac
bridge.
The bill was read, and no amendment having
been offered, was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE
The Committee  then   took up  the bill for re-
pairing and ¡epaving a portion of Pennsylvania
avenue: which having been read—
Mr. CAMPBELL of Sou* Carolina, said he
doubted the propriety of making the appropriation,
because he thought the experiment which had been
made of piving with wood bad not been thorough-
ly tes'ed. He therefore did not kuow but what it
would be better to let the avenas remain as
it was for the present. In his opinion, how-
ever, stone was the most preferable article to pave
it with. He moved to itrike out the enacting clause
of ihe bill.
The question being taken, the motion was re-
jected.
No further amendment bivmg beeR offered—
The CommiUee, on  motion of Mr   BR'GGS,
rose and reported  the two lajt named bills to the
House.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Ar.d ths bill to provide for repairing the Potomac
brdge corning upon the question oí e¡gtos<ment,
no quorum bring present, the tnuai number of vr x-
a i >us motion.-, arising therefrom were made and re-
jidej, rr <vithdritv,i.
A ca'l oí ice Hou-,e w:n ordered, and >i>a; pro-
ceeded m to the u^ital point of procuring a quorum,
when i. was arrested.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading
now.
And the bill having been read a third time by
its title, and the question being on its final pas-
sage-
Mr. ANDREWS ¡novid  the previous question,
which was seconded.
The mam question >vas ordered, and being taken,
the bit! pcit.d
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
The bid 10 provide for  ih.- rep.ivmg aid re-
pairing of Penn-.slva-iia avenue c.imug up on ihe
question of enjros?niert—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay Ihe bill on
the table, a"d a-lted 'he yea* and najs, which were
ordered, and, bein^ taken, were as follows—yeas
75.nays 83
So me bill wa* not laid on ih? tobie.
And the question recurring on the engrossment
of the bill—
Mf. CAMPnat.LsaiJ that he did not suppose
the Hou.-e un;i. rstonl li.e question—hat ihi i&'i-
pr.\SNÍ"ii o"! ¡he i.iincN oi yentlemen might be 'hit
the apprt-pria-ioii t.-;h lftetided to ¡w ih.'piirici-
pj.1 pttit ri the avenu?, w'.. re;-, m iea!..y, upon
the ¡ tatfiil€'it ot the 'fid,1 .'uas whJ eAfectad to
obt-i c the cnf.tr?ct, $15 000 would t rdv pive 3d0
of r, as the r.ite •".' 36 fet wide, w!uc:¡
)<•*■
that   <:-Hií'U
.,  r, qmre at
■■!■-
near
r.nrirorrli'ion id' §"75 OOU tot I"jOU •■
$150,000 for *ho fino!- avenue
«'ir l)£."Lfi.t' V001), having replied, moved ihe
prev'onr question.
And ¡.'¡.ere \v~.-~ a ; econd.
And to? ma>a que:-ti"ii (beiag on the engross-
ment) wa? orden d, a>:d, b::iii tak't), 'he b'll wjs
or lered to b,* er^iossed for a ih'rd reading to-cior-
And th; Hou-c .>djonrne(i.
¡N nENi-TE,
furutiDAY, Auu'u-t 23, 1341.
:'sír. CHOA'i'3 rre ctiKd a r.emoi al irott 'he
iner!,h>n,s "f Bost ,p, askit'g that at'd norial riuites
m'Siht rot be imposed on aiticles which  h.-d Leen
fni'pped.   La,d on the  table, aad ordcied  to be
printed.
Mr. PRESTON gave noitcc tiut he would, on
Monday, introduce a bill for the further protection
of Florida from the Indians.
The bill from the House of Representatives mak-
ing appropriations for the citfit of diplomatic
agents was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Comouttee on Foreign Rela-
tion?.                                                         .   -
The bill making appropriation for the arrange-
ment of the statue of Washington, by Greenough,
was read a first and second lime by its title,'and
referred to tbe Committee on Ihe Library.
The fortification bill was then taken up; and
the amendments of the House having been read,
Mr. PRESTON explained that the Committee
on Military Affairs had recommended that the Se-
nate disagree with the amendments made, in the
House, and insist on their amendments, which had
been stricken out by the House, for an appropria-
tion of $30,000 for a survey of the Southwestern
frontier, inland, and mari'ime border*; and an ap-
propria'ion of $75,000 fur the purchase of a, .site
for a Western, 3-jufbwestern, or Northwestern
armory.                                                            '    •
Mr. KING observed that when the bill was un-
der consideraiion before, th?re were several gentle-
men who desired to speak on tbe bill, who were
not then in their seat'; and he thought it had better
be passed over, as the Senate was thin, with a view
to give tho*e gentlemen an opportunity of consider-
ing it.
Mr. PRENTISS observed there were several
S-ns',ors who t<-ok a deep interest in the subject
who w<>rp not present, and he should prefer that it
bf  parsed over informally until their arrival.
Mr. CL VY hoped tne bill might be proceeded
with; tbt-re was a tolerably full Senate, at least
enough for areument, which could be commenced,
a'id by that uaie the other Senators would be pre-
sent.
Mr. PRESTON was there, ready to do his duty,
but if gentlemen desired a postponement, he should
not object. He thought, however, it would be bet-
ter to proceed.
Mr. WRIGHT would suggest that some day be
fixed fcr taking the question—say to-morrow, dur-
ing the morning hour—so that Senators would
come in with that undemanding, or at three o'clock
that day; and then he t .ought the matter might be
dimmed of without debate.
Mr. PIERCE dewel ihu the bill rrr'ght be pro-
ceeded wi'h; aad expressed a hope that they were
n.-ar .in end of ihe serian.
Mr. LINN desired that it might hi passed over.
The Senate was thin, and must of neces-ity be so
at that hour. Tne truth was, that Senators were
worn out with the Ion  s^nd exhausting sessions
ih y had had, and it could not bs expected that the.
attendance would be full in ihe morning.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky thoopht it was best to
go on with the consideration of th  amendment-:
lWre was a  pretty full Senate now—a very good
Sf.nat2__-i very peil looking Senii^—it was best to
go on
Mr. TAMPAN lebrel that s-ome time might be
fix'-dfor ire adjourament. Thvy had been ia at-
t^'idanfe from ten in ¡he minting until lour and
nv>'m the evening for three months; during which
■•me ttv.'V bad done a gx.d deal of hard work,
(■■>.,"■ h there w.is nut much good done to the
country.
Dating these fewrematbs sevt-ral Senators ar-
rived and (oik their iea.s, a:.d the Senate proceeded
with • -e hill.                                      „               c       -K-r
M -. PRESTON hoped the Senator from New
York would withdraw his objeción; there were
fon y Senators now present. Tne Smaie was nowr
in committee, and as the amendments would have
to be considered afterwards ¡n Senate, no inconve-
nience could arhe.
Mr HUNTINGTON thought good rejults
nvht grow out of their proceeding with the bill.
S r"a!on¡ wou'd understand that the business would
rom  un in its regular order,.and not wait for the
at- ndance of those who were interested.
Mr WRIGHT observed that if the Senate was
yet in quasi committee, he had no objection to
withdraw his suggestion.
It was here intimated that Mr. Preston had
made a mistake; the Senate was not in committee,
