396                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but voting on" the House amendments reported
upon by the committee.
Mr. WRIGHT then moved to lay the bill ovr
till a full Senate was in atendance; which motion
•was negatived without a division.
The question being then on the first amendment
made by the House to the first amendment oí the
Senate,
Mr. PRENTISS said when this question was
tinder consideration the oiher day, he had gone
omewhat at large into the importance of the de-
fence of the outlet of Lake Champlain, and showed
at once the necessity and urgency of that matter.
He thought he had r ucceeded in convincing the Se-
nate, and ihe chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs particularly, as to the necessity that
existed for something to be done in the premises.
His colleague had also remarked wilh great force
on the subject, and he (Mr. P.) did not know that
he could now offer any thing additional. The ho-
norable chairman of ihe committee had promised
his cordial co-operalion in the measure when a
certain bill came from the olher House, and now
when, contrary to expectation, the proposition so
much desired by himselt and colleague had coTie
in the very bill he was anxious to engraft it on,
the Committee on Military Affairs had stiicken it
out. The honorable chairman had been very pro-
fuse of his complimenis to the people of Vermont,
but compliments would not defend them from the
incursion of an enemy. It would require some-
thing more substantial than compliments, however
well merited they might have been. If there was
any point along the range of our whole wide and
extended frontier that required defence more than
another, the outlet in Lake Champlain was that
point, and he therefore hoped that the amendment
of the House might be concurred in.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that he understood the
House had taken up the other fortification bill, and
had struck out this item on the plea that it had
been introduced in their amendment ot this bill.
If struck out here it would thus be lost altogether:
he would require the yeas and nays.
Mr. PREtiTON did not think it proper to allude
to the action of ihe other House for the govern-
ment of a question before tht:i. If the appropria-
tion were lett out of the olher bill by the House it
could be inserted in the Senate, should the amend-
ment in thn bul now be struck out.
Mr. BUCHANAN had said ke would certainly
vote for ihe proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont, when a certain bill cams from ihe other
House to which it might be properly attached; and
he should certainly do so, but this wn not the pro-
per bill. He couid not sea any reason why Buf-
falo ¡;bould get a preference over Erie and many
other places along Ihe lake- shore equally exposed.
He would prefer wailing for ihe coisiderabon of
the whtiii' v„bject in one bill.
Mr. EVANS said that when this bill was before
the Senate he had done all in hi-, power to keep it
free from the amendments which gentlemen
sought to engraft upon i'; not that he was so much
opposed to these measures, but that they did not of
right belong to the bill betore them. The Hi use,
finding that ihe Senate h;.d broken in on the
principle, had added others, which showed the ne-
cessity of always adhering to what was proper in
the nrst instance.
Mr. KING- did not think this the proper lime for
commencing new works of fortification. It ap-
peared to him that it would be better lo wait for a
lull report on the whole subject. Taking nito
view the recent discoveries in the ait ot war, and
the present state of the Treasury, he thought, gen-
tlemen ought to pause before they enter no laigely
into a general system of fortification, which may
be wholly useless. He was as ardent in his desire
to defend the country properly as any man, but
he looked to t'ie whole countiy, and the best mode
of accomplishing that object. He could not give
his sanction to the ¡node of legislation now adopt-
ed, in which the interests of sectional portions of
the counlry were the sole consideration. He
thought U perfectly proper that our piincipal ports
of entry should be fortified, so as to give protection
to .our nayy.should it be neeessary to retreat within
$em for shelter.   Bat to fortify oar whole hue of
I coast, and our frostier lines on every side, would
involve an expenditure which no Government
could sustain.
Mr. LINN was sorry bis friend from Alabama i
had taken such^a view of ¡he subject, without also
giving some consideration to the absolute necessi- |
ty of fortify ma other points besides ports of entry.
He should have called to mind the last war, when
the whole of our Niagara frontier was destroyed
for want of a proper armament at the principal
points of access. Now, if his (Mr. Linn's) me-
mory served him correctly, Congress subsequently
paid a larger sum for these ravages than would
have been sufficient to protect the whole line; but
there was one sacrifice made by private ciiizens
which Congress never could repay—that of lite.
The loss of life, occasioned by that neglect, never
couid be paid for by Congress. There must be
an adequate fortification along our lake shores
and border frontier, as well as on our seaboard.
Our troops must have forts for shelter and equip-
ment. The only question was, how this was to be
accomplished legitimately, without improperly bur-
dening the country; but the answer was perfectly
plain, that ihe legitimate fund f.ir this purpose was
that arñ-ing out of the sales of our public lands.
That was the true constitutional fund, and until it
was exhaus'ed no olher could beso legitimate. We
must not only have a sufficient fleet to meet the
enemy on his own element, but we must have
places of shelter and protection for Ihat fleet. This
is necessary on our lakes, as well as on our sea-
hoard. What would have been our condition last
war, if wr had not had Erie for the shelter of our
fleei? He (Mr. Linn) would vote with a great deal
of pleasure for ev-ry appropriation for the defence
of the country; but, at ihe same time, he never
would relax his efforts to have the land fund appro •
priated to that object, in preference to any other.
He considered the protection of Buffalo, and of the
entrance into Lake Champlain, as of the greatest
importance. Whether there is immediate danger
or not, it is the bounden duty of Congress to make
timely preparations to meet any crisis of the kind,
come when it may. In evsry attempt, the first
consideration should be to begin wherever ihe
greatest danger exists. If ihe necessary fortifica-
tions are put off till the danger comes, it will then
be too late, and the loss of any branch of cur fleet
would far exceed the expenditures on timely de-
fence. We are not prepared for war, and, to prove
to the enemy that we will nut prepare for it, we
give away our public lands, the legitimate source
of the fundi necessary to make the appropriations.
Can any ihuig be more humiliating? The income
from our pubiic lands would, at any time, in case of
emergency, enable us to rai^c a loan of from fifty to
one hue dred rmluum, to go to wai; bu', ai-,if to disable
ourselv s,wo sue away tnat income lor distribution, I
and prove to tic world thereby ihat we cannot ko
to war, no maher how provoked or insulted. Re-
call your distribution bill, and appropriate your
public lands to the national detence, and you will
then place ihe country in such an attitude as will
deter any foreign power from giving you cause of
war. He was in favor of applying that fund ex-
clusively to works of national defence, and would
wholly disregard any effect that application might
have on the tariff or any thing else.
Wr. PRESTON observed that the course recom-
mended by the Senator from Alabama would in-
volve si'ch a wide rans,e into the whole military
and nnval system of the countrv as would require
fjr tpore time for deliberation than euuld be given
to iik subject ihis session. He thought from the
beginning that ihe regular session would be the
proper time ¡o enter upon that consideration; and,
wilh this view, he concurred with the committee in
desiring to confine this bill solely to the necessary
repairs of fortifications already in existence—ex-
cluding ail plans of purchasing new siles and com-
mencing new works.
Mr. Preston, after some farther remarks, ob-
served ihat any omtesion caused by rejecting the
House amendments to i ¡e Senate's amendments
could be considered in the other bill, when it came
up.
Mr. CALHOUN made some inquiry as to the
allusion to the tariff bill, made by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Linn.]
Mr. LINN explained that what he meant was.
that the proceeds of the public lands should be ap-
propriated to the defences of the country in pre-
ference to either distribution or their application to
the supply tf the Treasury, with a view of pre-
venting the tariff on any articles from being raised
to the limitation set by the compromise act.
Mr. CALHOUN observed (hat there was not a
man in the community who would go farther for
the defence of the country than-he would. No man
could be more desirous of seeing it protected than
he was. But he feared those gentlemen who now
had it in their power to forward that object looked
more to the expenditures than to the effective de-
fence of the country. The appropriations for de-
fence would not call for his opposition, but they
would call for extraordinary vigilance to guard
against imposition. He could see land through
the whole fog of mystification. The-.e expenditures
were not so much for the defence of the country as
for their operation on the tariff bill, and the inevi-
table consequences. The next thing we shall hear
of will be some proposition to saddle the Post Office
Department on the Treasury.
The country had a right to be satisfied how this
money was to be disposed of. It could not be laid
out between this and the regular session. Why
not furnish fall information by that sum, and on a
ojear understanding of the expenditures let the ap-
propriations be made.
Mr. PIERCE was ready to go as far as any
man in defence of the country; but he concuired
with the committee that this was not the urne to
enter upon the purchase of new sites and the un-
dertaking of new works.
Mr. PRESTON asked that the question be taken
on Ihe items separately.
The question wai first taken on concurring with
the House in the following amendment:
(i For purchase of a site, and for barracks and defensiva works
at or near Buffalo, New York, $50,01)0."
On this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, when the vote stood as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bates, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Hun-
tington, L'nn, Morehead, Momon, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Siuihard, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, White,
Woodbridge, Wright, and Young—26
NAYS—Me.srs. Archer, Benion, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Graham,
Henderson, K>r, King, Mr.Roberts, Miller, Ni-
cholson, Pierce, Preston, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, and Woodbury—18.
Toe vote was then taken on concurring in the
following amendments, and carried without a di-
vision :
11 For foiticatinns at the outlet of Lake Champlain, and pur-
chase of siie, y75,O00.
"For defensive works, barrack**, and other necessary build-
ing, and purchase of a sue for a depot, at or near the junction
of ihe MatawatKeag and Penobscot rivers, Maine, ©25,000."
Mr. PRESTON sail that the Commmee on
Military Affairs of the Senate recommended that
the S-nate insist on their amendments, which the
House had stricken out.
One ot these amendments, viz: making an
appropriation of thirty thousand dollars for sur-
veys on the Southwestern inland, and maritime
frontiers, for purposes of defence, was then
taken up.
Mr- MOTJTON expressed his surprise that this
item thoul 1 have been left cut by the House, and
hoped that the Senate would persist m retaining
that amendment.
Mr. M. sent to the Chair a letter from the War
Department, in order to convince the Senate of the
importance of this measure.
u The qu"Stion having been taken on the Senate's
insisting on itv> amendment, it was carried without
a division.
The next amendment oí the Senate was the ap-
propnalion of seventy-five thousand dollars for ihe
purchase of asite for a Western, Southwestern, or
Northwestern armory.
Mr. CLAY hoped this amendment would not be
insisted on. He was against the expense, in the
first place, in the present state of the Treasury; and,
