402
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
certtfieaies asked by you arises from the language of the act
of Congress, to winch a one I must look foi my government
That act lamy judgment, looks to the period of the conclu
sion of the commission as that at which my duly is to ecu
menos, while the co ivention, m my opinion looks to the
pi esent obligation of Mexico to fay each award, as made "
Ift this opitj on the S en laiy of Slate concurred:
*'My opinion on the subject concurs entirely with that of the
Secretary of the 1 reasury I see no mode of accomplishing
that which you desii e and which appears to me quite reasooa
ble but through the means of an act of Congress "
This was the language of Mr Weoster Now,
if the first section oí the act should be sincken
out, the second would then stand as a substantive
bill; to which Mr. W proposed adding his amend-
ment.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs repot ted a
motion to strike out the enacting clause, Mr W
hoped that resolution would be rejected. He had
been told that it passed the committee when only
five t)ut of the nine members  were present, and of
ihese five it obtained the vole en!j of three, so that,
lor aught that appeared, there might bave b<-en a
majority of the commmes in favor of retaining the
second section of the bill. He trusted the House
would not suffer an objection so purely technical
as^ that which had been sta'ed by the chairman of
the committee (Mr Cüshing) to interfere with ihe
interests of American citi/iens having just claim-.,
claims adj tdicated to be just and lair, against a
foreign Government. The commits oners them
selves, M-xican as well .is Amer can, had decided
(the construction for which lie contended to be the
true construction of the woids of the conveunon
between the two Governments
At the call of Mr Wis*, a memorial of the
claimants, signed by Richard S   Goxe, Jame-,  H
Causten, and P S Key, was read at the Clerk's.
table.
Also the following commumcit ons from ihe Se-
cretanes of the Treasury and oí S ate
Treasury Deparimem AkustIu lb-11
GENTtBME'i Inanswei to your cemmu iicaiion of this date
1 have n > hesitation in saying tl it thu only doubt I have had as
to my power of issuing the cei tilitatesaslte i by you atises fiom
the language of the act of Cunares , to winch alone 1 must look
for my government
That act, in myjudgment looUtothe p nod of tl e conclu
sion of the eommision as th.it at wlnt h my d ity js to c n
jmence, while the < onvention, in iny >¡ un n lool sua
present obligation on the pan ol iMexioo to ¡ ay each awaul a 
made.
Very respectfully youi obedient sei vant
1    1 WING
■secret try of theT t lauiy
F S KbíjF A Dioklns R is Cotí   cstis Washington
llLPAtirMFNT oi   Stau,
V\ l i i„lon Au„u til 1811
Gentlemen lhaveconsidued hcioinmm icttion mi le ! y
you to day My opinion tn the sutiieuconeuis mutely witli
that of the Senetaiy ol the lietsuiv I sto n molt (1
accomplishing that which you de r i dwhuhiiiuu tint,
to be quite leoaonaule, but thiou=li tin. m< ans ol in act of Con
giese.
I am, gentlemen, yom ol c 1 cr t sci vai t
iumcl wiusini
Messrs Coxe, Km, and Caí 6«.\ Washington
The debate was further continued bv Messrs
EVERETr, ADAMS, HUNT, and TILLING.
HAST.
The question was ihen taken on concurring in
the recommendation of the  Committee on Fo
reign Affairs to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill
And the House refusing to corcur with the com-
mittee in that recommendation, the enacting clause
ol the bill was no' at itfc-n out
Mr WISE ihen mo e I to ¿,rend the bill—
1   Bystnkwout !! altor t! t. vv il that in the third hi e
of the 1st section, to thow id  t ic&tuctaiy,' m the 1st line oí
the2deectnn
2   In the ¿ I section and i e Id 1 ne utei the worl ¿wards '
insert''as have b°tn oí sin Í bennle n i uisuaneeof the con
vention with the Reput In fMe-ccoc m lude 1 at Washington
the ltth day ol A\ ril, IK. t m uvoi of mi/ei s of tl e United
States "
And by adhng to the i 1 th íe f the foil wing words
"Provided That n tl in in t i  let hill he tonsttued to
give any Nght3 to the c tur « -^ ¡ntrlen tc nfeut. t lysali
convention ind the act 1 1 in 1 h JMO andtb uthesnh unce
of this provision be ltiseittdtn th c i tilinte:, that may be h
uatl "
[Note —This pr< vi o «as < ffered by Mr
Eyebett, and aece ted by Mr Wis-c as a mod fi-
eation of his amendment ]
Mr G DAVIS moved to by the bill on the ta
ble, which motion was rejtcted
Mr WISE moved the prev ous question
And there was a second
And ibe mam question (being first on  the  mo-
ified  amendment of Mr.   Wisj.)   was  order-
ed, and, being laten, was decided in the sffirma-
íve.
bo the amendment, f, mo lifi°d, was ?grr dto
And the bill, bavipg beentrdered toa third read
ing now, was read a third time, and passed in the
following form
Be it enacted fyi. That theSecretaiy oftheTieasury be,
an 3 he is hereby, duihouzed, upon the piesentation of certified
copies of such awards as have been 01 shall b made m puisu
anc  of the cot vention with the Republic of Mexico concluded
at Washington the 11th ol April 1839 in favor of citt7ens ofthe
United fetttes to issue certificates to the persons authorize 1
to receive the sums so awarded then leffal reptesentattves and
assigns inthe matner duecttd by the 7th section o! the act of
Oongi ess entitled Anactto cauy into effect aconveition be
tween the United Slates an 1 the Republic of Mexico " such
certificates to be in such form and for =tich portions of the
sums awarded as may he convenient for the claimants and to
be sutject to the deductio lb provided for by the 10th section of
said act Provided 1 hat nothing in this act shall be cons rued
to give any rights to the cla mants that are not confeired by
said conver tiou an 1 the act of Tune 12, 1840 and that the sub
stance of this prow o b m«eiud mlhetcrtificates that imy i c
ls&ued
On motion of Mr. CÜSHING, the tule of the
bill was so amended as to read an act' in addition
to" an ac', &c.
Mr UNDERWOOD ro-e and said thai, if there
w.i3 nothing else to d \ he would call up a resolu-
tion nffeied by h m<-cll in lelaiion to lighting up
the Capm).
[Cries of "Adjourn, adjourn "]
Mr ADAMá Whit ha', become of ihe Mc-
Le d re olntio> 1
The SPEAKER -sid it was on the table.
Mr. AD\MS Well it the House has noth ng
eLe todd «hy not lak  up thai'
Mr    HOLMES *aid  (as  the Reporter under
stood) that ihe resolution bad been some lime  >n
nuhbus, where lie hoped  it wculd be permt ted to
remain
Mr ADAMS Nubibus lne tumidu--, flue ibus
il 'e initial.
[Repeated cries of "Adjourn, adjourn "]
Mr INGERSOLL submitted to the House, with
extreme deference, that tt was unconstitutional to
adjourn before the arrival of the mail.
Whereupon ihe Hou^e immediately adjourned.
IN SENATE
Monday, August 30, 1841
Mr ARCHER presented t^e proceedings of a
meeting of a larpa number of citizens of the com ty
ffO we, Virginia, advere to Ihe creating of a
N<Hioi i\ Dtbt, Protec ivp Tir fl, Distnnu ltn rt
the J r c ed of tie Public Latí'^, and tre miorpo-
rai on o< a National (lark, ant apptoving of the
velo of Pre idem Tyltr, which were read, rnd or-
dered lo be printed
Mr CLAY of Kentucky presented a trfinoinl
{torn manufrfctuiers of chloride ot lime, or bleach-
ing powder-, requesting that a dti v might be laid
op n the imported art ole, wheh, alter '■oaic íe
marks bv Mrssrs CLAY, f Kenluekj , SIMMONS,
BUCHANIN, and WOODBURY, waa laid upjn
the (able
Mr. KE1, trim the C mmittee on the J«di-
ciarv, to which was recommilted the bill "tipple
memary to the aet to lake the 6th census, reported
the «ame, with a recommendation to concuna ihe
amendment of tre Hou^e
Mr K went at much length into the reasons fo*
this recommsndaiion, and, at the cone nsion i f his
remarks,
Mr CLAY of Abb^ma said he did not wish to
consume the time of the Sena e m ruriher discuss-
ing ihe queslion His only opposition to t e ainei d-
mt nt v s on account i f Ihe great number of copes
ordered to be pr n ed, but, it the commitlee h?d le-
exam ned it, in I had -sgreed m their recommenla-
uon of conciinence, he would wnl draw his oppt-
sition
Mr CLAYTON ^aid the comm itee were unant
mous in thet recommendation,and gave, at sirne
lenslh, Ihe reasons lor if
Th* question was th n taken, and the amend-
ments were concurred in
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS
Mr, TAPPAN 'aid he supposed that at no
former session had more Jibor been performed
than at the present Their sittings hpd commenced
at ibe early hour of 10 o'clo k and had continued
«sjally until 4 or 5, and sometí r es until 6, 7, and
8.    Most of the favorite measures  f the majority [
had bee ) co£>sid re 1 and c, rned ihn ugh Was it
unreasonable ihen if .he minority wtre to ask the
mtjo'-itv lo r "ie a day fof-the adjournment of
Co gre it Trey had the banne.s oí the sgssi n
before them, a d n  theuaht it «as rot umea-ona-
sonab'e to ask them to fix a day at whKli it .night
be terrain ifd and the members ptimuud to re-
turn to ti cii no i es. H  asked th a not a a mat-
ter oí u-j Ui' of rgtit, and he moted ihat the
rtsdjiion fixug upon a diyof iejournment, be
taken up
Mr TALLJ-'^DGE objected to t lit,  up the
resomti n
Mr TAPPAN n-idemanded!! e}ea ¿nd nays,
wiieh vete ord red
Mr CALIIObN hoped that t! t mot on would
betiken ei II thought it wt lull t n a that it
should b" cted or< Th major t^ would bave it
in infir ¡ow f till t ci own dav, end—
Mi CLAYr<ee o a po nt of o,dc He wish-
ed to know woe her it wis n order to d b"Ue the
mot on, anc wl 'ther he wcu'd be permuted to an-
swer the Senator
T e CHAIR said t 'e mol >-n va  notdebatab'e,
by ai ex irei.^ n Ie of the Sena
Mr CALHOUN said that th" rule w?s Cs,n-
stintly vnlaled, aed muj,t or nee s^ty I e vio'ated,
wntrtur a i^onott to take ui a si bjtct is made,
by sia mtr the .pasors for M"M n lion, but be
woo d i o to lhe San\tji ! t if tre minor ty were
to le fliokedtff by tn gae ia , he ta ¡oidy
bho ski D   r t ked (If also
ihe motion to t?ke up the rei"iuiui was then
ne, im J—av s 21, noes 22, as folio '"
Y&AS—M  srs Alen, Btrioí-, Bt"ton, Bu-
rl a itn, Ca houi, Clay ef A <s.b m, Culhbert,
Fnlttn, Ki \¿, Lit n, RTcPoi)er's, Nicholson,
P erc<\ Sur, Smiib of Cotnccitnt, Sturgeon,
Tapian, W iker, Wooubuiy, Wright, and
Young—21
NAY'S—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bern  n, Ch^ate,
Clay of Ken utky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Kerr, M8ngam,Millt>r, Mi re-
head, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Smtiors, Smith
oí ind ana, i?outhdid, Tallmadge, and Wn te—22
So ihe motion to take up the reso ution v,&¿ not
agreed to
riSCAL CORPORVHON
Mr BC iRiPN, iiom lb -it cc Co-fmit ee to
 h n s t ie lit b i fu i tue House for the
bet 'r 1 e| st, tfe keep 1),', and ransfer of the
¡uoi m e , bv Tean-. oí i c°rp íaton to be
sij ltd leri'.if tifi rat ( n 11 tie Um ed S ate ,
¡epoitei h" me u'otit ^mrndt eii , fd save
i i r  t i?t i e sioi. d nove o call i upon Wed
nes^ay i ext
T£'E REVEN* E I iLL
Wa t in i  i u , il   i oUC" NAN of-
ft led 'it i i t r i, oi h ii^'i ha bad given no-
tee, t rtjeil Tie ccf!4t Jjly, 1832, which r*-
i°ased ft m du j nun i ¡tu i ¿s u eu m ihe con-
siui ri" of railroTds on ncliiel ¡ Ian  , and to
p ovile h t ine-e -hill he ievii d ( rail i ad iron
hertaf er im-nrtfd adut/of 20 } er c if ad valo
re a piivii'fd hat it oht 1 not ope ie on ron al
reiih i^iiror td
Mr CCÍTHBFRT wished the S nalrr fo p sf.
pnr e tl e ^ en i ni, lo aford him en o por mity
tu i ^ ey i la ¡oh is it v as a nic ler n v hich
G"~iiri \ ii  s r1 pnlv it er^ t*d
Mr    P,   CHAÑAN  voeld.o    'V-rlji,   ift d  in
constrti <-[> a  o stp m mi-nt     lne anerdment
oeí   h   ó    ps     oo /, i d \o ed upm, ar 1 son e
days \ nú              veree bet ip  ti,    \jP      u d bo
t?k n n         S    -i e, en e rcu    rgwin    re  com-
tt"      ,   i   u        e   ta itncr         ,i 1        ]
M CO i íBj-RF iiJ no* «is j i  he ¿ 11 iron
Pr-tsi ri a t in yet  w e- iu h s opinion,
mig.t j e "e h fetes sot , eo s uuei t ,
hi f to a. k I'm io \ole n w and coi si er ^fter-
warc s, wís ne er-v\ a reg 'lar or t u pel mode of
p «c ed n 
¡V r CLAY of 4'aba >a was opposed to the
ame Ime- , ?n 1 no dei*y « hich tjijgat b  granted
would p'caucp an/ change ot opinon, bu> would
be glad ihat his friend from Ge irgia mi hf le gr-t
tin d in the wish h had expressed for a little time
f^r mve tigj iot
Mr C then sent at much length into the policy
