CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40$
of exempting railroad iron from duty, tracing it
from the veto of the Maysvilie road bill to the pre-
sent. He contended that the costó of freights and
transportation were ample protection for railroad
iron, an'i he was opposed to going fuither.
¡Mr. HUNTINGTON moved an amendment to
the amendniem, to provide also that iron "that
may be imported prior to 1st December, 1841," be
exempt from duty. He briefly stated the reason
for ihis amendment—to relieve corporations from
paying a tex on the article for which orders had al-
ready been sent, and for which a tax ought not
justly to be levied.
Mr. BUCHANAN said when he had proposed
this amendment, he had anticipated some little op-
position to it. We were sometimes strangely
warped in our judgments by our interests; but un-
less he was v?ry much so, ik'u was as appropna'e
and as Jhst an amendment as could be offered to
tbi. bill. Trie pol'cv of the bill was to raise ti e
duty on imports to 20 per cent, giving such inci-
dental protection within that limit as could be af-
forded; and now the proposition to place railroad
iron on the same footing as other articles, meets a
determined resistance. He thought the bare state-
ment ot the question was suffic'.ent to show the
justice of the amendment. No other reason could
be assigned for the exemption of this article from
duty, but that it would enure to the benefit of cor-
pora'ions—and States, if yiu please; whiln the
farmers and the mechanics of the country were
taxed on all the iron which they used.
If be had a discretion in this matter, his wi¡>h
would be to protect our manufactures by imposing
a duty within the range of 20 per cent, on such ar-
ticles as come in competition with them; and next
he would tax luxuries; but such were the neces-i-
ties of the Treasury that there was no discretion in
the matter; ail articles were run np to 20 per cent,
and no discrimination c u>d be made, except, per-
haps, for articles of general consumption, sucb as tea
and coffee, and these, he thought, ought to be ex-
empted.
Mr. B. then went into am examination of the
cíp¿ci'y of this country to furnish any amount of
svnroad iron that might be required. The process
of smelting iron wiia anthracite cal was now per-
fectly understood m Pennsylvania, and in the
mountainous r^ion the coal and iron lie in close
contiguity. The largest iron works in ¡he (Jniied
Slates vere now electing in Columbia cou:ity,
and it was among the purposes of their erection to
enter largely into the manufacture cf railroad
iron.
Mr. MILLER was in favor of the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. Strange as it
rriightseem, England for ten years had had the inono-
■ni.ly in the manu;a-:!ure of railroad iron for this
cevniry, and had imponed it free of duty; while we
•were imposing duties on o'her articles, we had re-
frained from a duty on this, which could be manu-
factured here in abundance. It ought 'o be im-
posed; and under the operation of tne amendment
to the amendment, sufficient notice would be given
before it went in to operation There had not been
a single article imported which had carried
more specb out of the country. He hopsd the
amend men i would be adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN apposed the amendment. It
'vould be produciré oí extreme injustice to Geor-
gia and other Southern Sutes, which had com-
menced their railroads under the operation of the
Jaw by which ¡a'lroad iron was exempted from
da'Y." If to the expeite of the construction of their
wo'ko there were to be added a duly on the iron to
be ii^.'d, the co-t would much exceed what was
contcaioUtedatihotime of thcr commencement,
urftcr tjK law which then ext-ted. It wa. incon-
M-te-n «ith the purposes of equity and justioe that
t'-ev should be subjected to the pajmentof a duty
W.'icii they culd not have anticipated.
Mr. CUTHBERT said, that much he had in-
tended to say, tiad been anticipated by his col-
league. InalluJing to ihe remark of Mr. Bucha-
nan relative W the interest that corporations had
in the exemption of railroad iron from duty, Mr.
C, said, <ur prejudices a?ain«-t incorpcrations
would not justify us in doing wrong, by diicon-
ra in« objects of great national policy. He alluded
to the great lines of rai'road in Georgia, connect-
ng the Atlantic with the Western wa'ers, which
was not so much an object of profitable invest-
ment as one of great public benefit to that section
of the Union, in a political, commercial, and mili-
tary point of view. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia resides in a State of mines and manufactures,
and railroads. On the lines of railroad are located
the mines of iron and coal, and on the same roads
the furnaces are situated. Not content with all
these advantages, the Senator wishes to coa pel us
to transport ihis iron to a seaport, and from
thence to Georgia, when, from the letter read by
thi Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Huntington,]
it is proven that railroads now in the course ot
construction in Pennsylvania, are formed of fo-
reign railroad iron. He sonsiderpd a railroad a -
ihe most mag lificcnt specimen of American manu-
factures; lhe rai'road iron is the raw material of
which it is formed; and if It is not protected like
other manufactures, it should at least be exempted
from taxation.
Mr. CALHOUN replied at great length to the
remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvaria.    The
Senator said that, by this bill, .all articles are car-
ried up to twenty per cent, except railroad iron.
Now an examination of the firs , section of the bill
will show that many other articles were exempted,
and among them indigo, and raw hides, the latter
article being an important exception, as the duty
on it would amount to some millions annually; and
it is in favor cf incorporations that this exemption
is made?   The Senator ssys that the manufacture
of iron is important: so is the manufacture of
rai'roads important.   The iron wishes protection
at the expense of the railroad, and the railroad de-
sires that it may not be burdened by the ^.posi-
tion of these additional taxes.    It is not a question
of protec'ing a domestic against the competition of
a foreign fabric, but one article of "domestic manu-
facture against  another—railroads against iron.
He thought they had a right to complain of the
course taken by the Senator from Kentucky with
this bill.   It was hurried upon them without a
moment's notice, arid the Senator has given us not
a word of explanation as to lhe general policy in-
tended to be pursued; and we are ht're fighting in
the dark, railroads aeainst ir> n; iron warning the
supremacy over railroads, and railroads not wish-
ing to yield this supremacy.
Mr. C. then went into an ex'ended detail of the
varior.s lines of railroads completed and in pro-
gress in ¡he Souihern Stütfs for connecting the At-
lantic with the Ohio, and with the Gulf of Mexico,
and if this great branch of American manufac-
tures was let alone, and not burdened with  taxes,
a communication  would soon  be complete from
Charleston and Savanna! , to what h? considered
thev?ry heart of ¡h? American continent—¡hemouih
cf ¡he O do river.   He knew  that the Southern
section was the weaker pariv, and that they would
be overpowered m a contest whenever their interest
would cl-ih  with  other   sectional interests.    He
knew  that their staple   was the article on which
were laid all the expenses of the Government, as
the public lands have been diverted from their le-
gitimate purposes, and we h.-.ve a bill on the table
f^r fastenin: the Post Office on the Treasury. And
in view   of  all   this,    they   now   aüt  you   to
let   this   great   branch    of  home  industry    in
which they are engaged, alone; to let it have fair
play.    Upon the completion of these important
works depsnded in a great degree the commercial
prosperity of the South, and in a;otber view they
were    extremely   important.     in   his    opinion,
these    were    but    two   modes   by   which    this
country was   to be effectually defended in time
0f War__the.-.e were our nasal defences and rail-
roads.    If any lodgment is attempted by a foreign
nation, it will be in  the South, the portion most
vulnerable, and ¡he most det'eneele.s—for the Go-
vernment has not bestowed that attention to i' which
it has to other sections; and these works will b? of
the utmost importance  for the prompt transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war to the points
assailed.   And ¡he South wished ibe completion of
these works from political considerations.   They
wanted to be bf tier acquainted with their brethren
of the W<st, and these works would  furnish them
the means of constant and friendly intercourse with
that great and growing section of our country.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed his surprise at the
doctrine of protection so broadly laid down by the
Senator from South Carolina, as the tenor .of his
arguments heretofore had been in fayor of uni-
form duties, and in opposition to any appropria-
tions by this Government for internal improve-,
mfnts for Sta'e purposes.   These incorporations
have had the benefit of tbrs exemption for tea
years, and now .they begin to look upon it as a
vested right, as may fairly be inferred from the
remarks of the two Senators from Georgia, and we
are, he supposed, to be forever precluded from lay-
ing a duty on this article, however heavily every
oiher may be taxed for the support of the Govern-
ment.   We arc blessed with a country in which.
coal and ore are found, in an abundance not wit-
nessed   m any   ether  country  under  the  sun,
except that island of our kindred, from which we
have imported so much raihpad iron within the
last few years; and now we are to be precluded
from making use of the gifts with which nature
has so profusely blessed us, because, "forsooth,"
these corporations have a vested right in the intro-
duction of foreign iron, duty free.    The Senator
says this amendment is to operate a? a tax of 20
per cent, forever on these companies. Not so; if the
connection between them and Great Britain is dis-
¡■olved, and they turn their attention to the iron of,.
their own country, they would soon get the article
as cheap as they now do from abroad.   The Sena-
tor, had referred to other articles which were ad-
mitted duty free in this bill.   Indigo comes in frejé
under the compromise, and hides are á raw arti-
cle and the basis for several important branches
of   domestic   manufacture.    The Senator  say,s
that railroads ere an important  branch of do-
mestic  manufacture;  and   so   it  was,   but   he
thought thei e had been lately too much stimulus ,
to it, and that it had been overdone.   It was for-
tunate for Georgia, South Carolina, and Alabama,
that their works had not been commenced earlier,
as they would be enabled to construct them much
cheaper, by having the benefit of the experience of
other Statea, which had cost them so much.    He
would not say the exemption of the materials used
by thrse corpoiauons from taxation was unconsti-
tutional, but it he chose to make an argument, he
could demon-tra'e to those who held  the opinit.ns
of lhe Senator  from South  Carolina,  [Mr. OaL-
h un,] and the Senator from Virginia, ¡Mr. Ar-
cher,] that it was so.   If lhe direct grant of one
hundred thousand dollars a year to a State or com-
pany, for purposes of internal improvement was
unconstitutional, was not the exemption of their
materials from laxation to the amount of one hun-
dred thousand d<.liars a year equally so?
Mr. CALHOUN replied at much length to Mr.
Buchanan.  Tne Senator boasted of the advantages
of his Slate  in  the abundance of  her mineral
weal-h, for the manufacure of iron, and yet, not- .
witistandmg all these advantages, he is not con-
tent,  but  proposes   fuither   advantages  by  his
amendment.   As great as are his advantages for
the manufacture of iron, ours are as great for the
manufacture of railroads.   The Senator says that
bides  are introduced duty free' because they are
i<.e i aw material which forms the basis of many
important branches of domestic industry.   Well,.'
is not a railroad an impottant, nay, is it not the
most important of all our d omestic productions? In
their very  creation (or manufacture as it might
literally be called) they employed a greater amount
of manual labor than any other  species of labor,
and gave facilities to the farmer, merchant, tra-
veller, tradesman, manufacturer, and mechanics
of all kir.d<.    Way then, asked Mr. CalBOOW,
should iron   used  in lhe manufacture Of  rail-
roads   be   taxed,   and   raw   hides   used in, the
manufacture of  leather be left free?   The one
gives encouragement and facilities to all  other
Tpecies of home industry; the other principally
to that employed in making shoes and harness.
Mr BUCHANAN observed that it was so long
since he studied Locke's logo, that be did not know
whether he should be able to answer the Senator
from South Carolina by the rule; but as the Sena-
tor demanded a logical reply, he (Mr. Bochanak)
