CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                4ÍS
who runs might read, and that a fool could not err
therein."
The mode of currying into execution the enu-
merated powers, i*, by making laws uecs«5aiy and
proper laws. N>w what is ihe seueial id"a of
making laws! What is the usual and cimmon
sen-.e acceptation of tbeteioi? Does it net mean
ordinary legislation—the passage of acts, by ihe
Legislature, of usual character and attri -utes,
wh'cb. acts may, of course, be repealed or modified
by ihe same, or by a succeeding L-gisla'ure, pos-
sessing equally competent powers over ihe subject
matter Dies the creation of a corporation, with
exclusive privileges, come within the °eope and
definition of ordinary legislation? Is the expres-
sion employed, "making laws"—and one of gene-
ral use, understood to convey the power to call
into existence a body politic, with manifold branch-
es, for a long or a short time,for a difinite' or an
indefinite series of years, with the immunity of ex-
empiion from common liability, with others amffs
to repeal. Is not such a creation an-act of sove-
reignty? Is Congress in tae faithful discharge of
its constitutional duty, when, instead oí making a
necessary and proper law to carry into execution
specified powers, it undertakes to create an irre-
sponsible body, and to entrust that body with the
execu'ion of tho«e powers? Instead of holding the
powers entrusted to lham, for the good of ihe S aten
and people, and keeping the subject-matter of their
exercise constantly witoin reach of legislative con-
trol, and under she constituent authority, ihey, in
fact, abandon them, or rather execute a convey-
and alienation to a body politic ai.d corporale.
It is a matter of curious and interesting re-
search to inquire, to what varies clauses of ihe
"Constitution the Bank p?.riy have, at different
times, attempted to hitch th-; power of creating
this corporation.
At one time it is incident lo the po'ser of col-
lecting revenue; at another, to the power of regu-
latiDg commerce; at another, to the power of bor-
rowing money; at another, to ihe power of coining
money and regulating the v&lus thereof; at another,
it is boldly declared to be the constituting of a
Treasury of the United State?, in which ail ihe
public moneys are to be placed and kept, and
from which no money can be drawn, "but in con-
sequence of appropriations msdo b/ law." In-
deed it may be regaided as nfirly incidental to
one power as to another. Congr-ss nrght .is well
incorporare a company to tr.n-port the ra.iil of
the United S a'es, as to tian~port ¡he money of 'he
United States: might as wed incorpórale a com-
pany lo provide magazines and arsenals for Ihe
sale keeping oí ihe ammunition and anas of the
United State?, as to incorporate a company to
provide vaults for ihe safe keeping of ihe revenues:
might as.well incorporate a company to dl,tribute
arms and ammunition to the officers and soldiers
of the Army of the United Stales, as a company
to disburse the money to the creditors of iheUm.i-d
States.
Bit Congress are bound, say ihe Bank reen, to
furnish a good circulating medium f>r ¡he whole
Union—s sound national currency; aoJ, therefore,
may incorpórale a Bank of issue. It is, in the
first p;ace,'natly denied that Congress is enjoined
ny the Constitution to furnish any such deuUt-
iig medium, any such paper currency The prc-
miies from winch the conclusion is orawn, an; not
¡named; ¡hey aie in dispute, and the cons.inrioaal
provis on must be cited, which require? or ¿ir Ho-
mes C"ngres  to supply such currency._ Let iho^e,
who ct-iim ¡his power, perform the whole circuit
of ihe Constitution, and ihey will have mide a
frai'les-i journey in search, of n. Congres.- has
power to com money, and 10 regulate the value
thereof, a\ d of foreign com. No ingenuity can
torture this authority of coining money into autho-
rity to issue promissory notes for c rculation That
power of coming money and regulating ihe value
thereof, is in dadv and b-aotifnl execution. The
handsome American coin*, the appearance of
which is so pleasing to the eye, and the posse-
sion of which is, generally, so gratifym?, having
intrinsic value in ¡he material of which ihey are
composed, and, as usued from the mini, having a
value regulated by law,  demonstrate the exercise
of the power. No sophistry can coi found, tin ^opera-
tion with thai of i>uing ihe promissory notes if a
b ink, composed of materials intrinsically wor>h-
lejs, eatsilf destroyed, having in the nafre of
things no value fixed, and uniform at a!! time-,
and in ail places, constantly liable to fluctuation
and depreciation.
Wo law of Congtess could make it a lee.al lender
in the payment of privAie or pubhc d-b's;r¡o 1aw
of Congress can ensure, at all time , the redemp-
tion of such paper in gold and silver; no law of
Congress can ¡secute to i', invariably, a va'ue
equal to go.d and silver. And even were it al-
ways equivalent to gold and silver, the fact of
such equivalency could not jusu'y Congress in
suthoriz'ng the U ue. When we demon i the con-
'.titu'icnal currency—coined money, with a toau-
lated value—we .ire not satisfied, nor is the Con-
stitution satisfied with the it*ue of ba:ik rote , al-
ihonsh they irny be redeemable or convettible,
and ma? c ¡minué equivalent to guld and Silver.
If, however, .he prftni-es bearnnled—:f it be
admitted that Conircss is boon 1 to -upply f> calcu-
lating medium for ihe benefit of commerce and
trade, or in fulfilment of, or as auxdiary lo, any
expressly given power, still it would not result, as
a consequent from this admission, ¡hat ihe incor-
poration of a banking company with authority to
is.ue and to discount, was. either a necessary or a
proper mode of discharging such obligation.
Papi-i issued by authority of Congress, upon toe
credit of the United States, receivable ia payment
of dues to the Government, and redeemable m
gold and silver, would acquire mere puli'ic confi-
dence and obtain a wider circulation, would pre-
serve a mo'e equal value in every part o:' the
United States, than would ihe i-stiei of auy corpo-
ration aggregate wh ch could rossinly b3 created.
Tne direct icsue of such a medium by the Govern-
mfnr, if indeed it were bound to supo>y .', wuild
be a more natural, efiicient, and in'.ell'gible mode
of performing the duly, than through ihe interven-
tion of a corporation, holding exe'usive privi-
leges under charter to which it is claimed to at-
tach the character of a vested and inviolable sanc-
tity—operating upon the community with a com-
plicated machinery, asincomprehensib'e and inex-
plicable to the ma«6 as ihe maciincry aiid apeara
tus of a sieim engine, índ, a^ expórteme has
jrovdl, more liable to explosion. To gu 'p'y tbe
comi'ry tbei with a sound oi-caldt ng miitnm by
the Govrnmeni, a Bvslr is n-idx-i O"«vyo:
apor priaie. But it is who!!./ denied dia  Con-
gres., can use- the crd'ú of Irn C-.ite i Slates as ihe
basis of Government paper for circulation, <r can
ajfiorizi or permit individuals or c upor-.-iiio-.s to
avail themselves of .t to vive contiene,* and cur-
rency to their promissory notes. Cu'g'e.-? can
borrow money on the credit of ihe Uri'ed -State —
but ¡t is not no i re-ollectcd that this credit may b-J
used for any other purpose.
It has bent maurained that it is therhty of Coa-
rr/ess io re.,ulaie trie currency of tne coun'ry; ?nd
that the inco'p-iraiion of a Nations! Bint L. a nc-
ce.--.irj and p-op-r mode of accimpli^h-ng ¡his
ti-ork; such B,mk acting as a great e.B'1 eilicent
re:u!i'.or of the rovirs^d currency ct the S>atcs.
Tost it is ihe duiy cf Congress to requite the
currency of the c.ouniry, i* an. as>UTpnon who:!/
gratuitous. Tnere is no w.urant for r.ny such doc- I
trine in the Cun-tiltt'-ion. There CMiuot b" dis-
civred, in that in^i.-umeni, theflishtest traca of
toe power to interfe.c, by ri.guUnch or o hersii.-e,
v/Oh the lo-ial currency of ih-i S.?tts. it h.-s b en
% coni.oveit d •¡ir-.m, v/heth?r trtf-. S a'es ciu right-
lully authoiiz?'ih" i-'-'Oe ''(' such earre;,cy—ind it
can baidly be isofO'fd that the 'Vomers of ihe
Constitu'ion, in a-iy partof th^t lnstrornen!, intend-
ed to f.tithofiz ■ tbe regulation of that, whi'h
would he of unceitam existence, and of questiona-
ble legality.
Trie prohibition? in the Cor.souiuon seem to oe
all that can be discovered, that can be m*de even
remotely to apply to the subject of the local curren-
cy of ihe Sta'es.
No S ate shall "coin money, emit bills of credit,
make any thing but gold and silver com a tender
in oayment of debts."
But even were it Ihe duly of Coiigre«.s to regu-
late the currency, the conclusion does not follow,
that the establishment of a National Bank is a ae-
ces«ary or proper modi of tnlfiling that duty. It
would, still ictuain a most difficult and arduous task
to demonstrate, to make clear to the com prehension
cJihe people, that a United Slates Bank, with its
brood of uuies, was a necessary and appropri  '
ate tiiethod of regulating the Bank notes
of the several Slates. To convince the people of
the United Siat.-s, at this time, of the necessity or
propru-iy of a United Stales Bant for any useful
purpose, would be a herculean labor. They aie"
already c in vineed that such an institution ultimate-
ly, in it* progre s and effect,*, must prove injurious
to ¡he morals and busine-s of the country, disturb-
ing the regular course of trade and commerce, and,
ins'ead of regulating ihe State institutions, acting
hostilelv towards them, crippling their operations,,
and embarrassing ¡heir busi' ess. Convince Ihe
people of the necessity and utility of such an insti-
tution !! Every prudent man in the country looks
upon a UnUed Stale* Bank note as a Frenchman
does upon ¡in uvignat. How can Congress, how
could a United Stales B^nk, secure ihe solvency
r.nd sood management of the State Banks—how ,
regulate ibeir liabilities and assets—ho-v restrain
their issues—how equalize their cuneney? If the
S'aie authority granting ihe charters, will not im-
pose proper icstrictions, or will not rigidly enforce
them, it the notes are not redeemed in specif upen
application, they will depreciate in market value,
the banks will be suspected of insolvency, and pub-
lic confidence will be withdrawn. Ño United '
States Bank could supply the omissionsto impose,
or ¡hs rcmissne.o, lo enforce, effectual restrictions;,
nor could it avert the necessary consequences. ,
The history of the past ha< (¡¿.aumttrattd the utter
ínefTü'it-ricy of such a Bank to t ct as a safe and
prud-nt regulator of ihe State brnks. TU-t which
i<wh'lly tucipible of accomplishing the purpose
intended, is an unneaessary and tmpioper agent.
Again: it h?s been contended ihat Congress hss
the power, and is bound, to regulate the exchanges
of the country-, and that ftom this it follows that a
Bank may be created, whose haziness it shall be to
deal in exchanges. This, loo, is a gratuitous as-
sumption. It is denied that the duty of Congress
to reaulme exchanges is fa.rly and necessarily im-
p ied m any of the «ranted powers; and if it were,
we d-iiv toa  a Dan!: is the necessary or proper
mode o-'rei?'i!.itiun.
^,-.c ¡L"isf.' ñ tequiad by th? necessities of trade
and cormerc ; and ¡ho rute of ii, in ihe regular
course of business, should be bu'little more than
the proper expense of iKtisporiiog specie fn m one
point to another. Should the cmrse of business
and trade be interrupted, and exchanges daanged,
such interruption and derangement wilgenerally
proceed frori c-ior.-s over which neither ihe Go 
vernm;t:t or a Bank could exercise any control;
as<l for wh'ch th.-best «nl sorest remedy is the
natural tendency of commerce, vthen free, to read-
just it-el'.
The I - •'!■ of eommcr.-e, s«ch as naturally belong
11 it, 1'ioepeodent ot Govemmem ac.io.-r—tbe ba-
lances ofüade—'ho e'.pt-n-e and facility of trans-
poning soecio—will tie ermine ihe rale of ex-
change, (government intenerence, and Bank in-
tcíerence, mav temporarily disturb this wholesome
conüíi'on of ¡i v:¡f=; but Congres;-, wi.h a Bank of
the Uuited S'«'es toes i-t, and wnh the co-ope-
lalion of ihe Bank of Cnsl-md, would be unable,
riermaticai;;., to regulate und control ire exchanges
bct.'.een the d-ffere'it pa'ts of the Dm cd Slates,
a«d between the diffennt maris of the commeraial
woild. Nor is Congress bound to furnish the
mjain End facilities of'exchange, in consequence of
bavin  the power to r-gakie commerce. With
equal foice of argument it mighi be urged that the
power to regula'e eemmerce embraced the duty of
creating and multiplying the anieles of irade; and
that, for this purpose, a corps ration may be created.
Tas' crestón, pioduclion, supply of the materials
of trade and commerce, are much more necessary to
their existence and welfare than the mere ex-
changes of balance in trade.
The merchant or trader desires to t ansfer his
funds from New Orleans to N< w Yorl;—(hat >s to
eatcftatige funds ia New Orleans lor fanes in New
