418                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tions from his committee, and, in pursuance with
those instructions, he now renewed the motion that
the Senate taka up the bill to establish a Fiscal
Corporation.
Mr. WOODBURY said the understanding er-r-
tainly had been that the Bank bill should be taken
up, and the Revenue bill laid aside to make room
for it.   He hoped that would be done
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Ber-
rien, Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of Alaba-
ma, Clay oí Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Dixon,
Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Miller, Morchead,
Mouton, Nicholson, Porter, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon,
"Tallmadge, White, Woodbndge, and Wood-
bury—34.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Evans, King,
Memck, Phelps/Picce, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Tappan, Walker, Wright, and Young—14.
"FISCAL CORPORATION" BILL.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the bill irom the
House, "to provide for the collection, safekeeping,
and disbursement of the public revenue, by means
of a corporation, to be styled the Fiscal Corpora-
tion of the United States," was then taken up, as
in committee of the whole; and, having been read
through by the Secretary, was open to amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN, as the chairman of the commit-
tee who íeported the bill, took the floor, and spoke
for upwards of two hoars in support of the bill,
and settingforth the views of the committee. He
described the provisions of the bill, comparing m
in its material points with the bill whi^h had before
passed the Senate. He first examined the consti-
tutionality, and then the three mcdes m which the
revenue of the Government could be Collected—
first, by the employ of salaried agents, or the Sub-
Treasury system, second, by the means of State
banks, which was the Depowte system, and, third-
ly, by the employ of a prívale corporanou, whicn
■was such an agent as was contemplated hy ihiohi'l
The first two, he asserted, had been condemned, and
the adoption of ¡ruch a syslem omy remained. He
then went into an examination of the principles of
the bill, particularly us hmitanon to exchanges;
and examining the President's message at the com-
mencement of the session, the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, his subsequent plan of a
Bank, intended to avoid constitutional difficulty,
and the Piesident's Veto Messagt, he expressed
his decided opinion that it would receive tl.e sanc-
tion of the co-ordinate Departnent, the aid of
which was necessary, in order to us b lommg a
law. He concmaed, by asking tha the bil1 bj reed
through ¡si the u ual manner, by cci ->% for he
purpose ot amendment, it any should b ottered
Mr. KING said ¡t was unnecessary to consume
ihe time m again reading the bill, as it has just
been read.
The reading was dispensed with, and no amend-
ments being offered, the bill was report  d to the
Senate
The question was about being taken on ordering
the bill to a third reading, when
Mr. CLAY rose. He had only a few words to
say The bill before them did not pr 'pose tha
establishment of such a Bank, as he thought the
interest ot the county required, the Constituid'!
authorized, and the people expect d It wis
short—far short of that; but nevertne'i > the hi"
proposed the establishment o a b>nk wntcn
would accomplish two of the great obj e , w i'ch
any bark < uld effect; the one was hi-  regula-
tion of the exchanges of ihe country, and he other,
the supply of a currency possessing a<i umiorm
value t irou"hout the Union. It bt-i > a biH ot
this description, that would ¿ccompbsh sons good,
the qu stion presented itseli to his mir ', whadrr
he sho ild *iibho d hr vote from ¡, bm se it dil
not al the good which was de ire I. O i sn¡ h a
question he went for doing as much g «d at. be
cculd, ib the various spheres of life m whiea he
mig'it be placed. He should vote ft i this bill,
therefore, because, a'though it did not a'i the good
which might be effected from an institution of this
kmd, it did much—a great deal.
Mr. BENTON said he had an amendment to
offer which the Senate would presently
see was of great importance. it was,
to strike out from the-mnth line ot th  first section
the word "States " It was in that provision as-
signing seventy thousand shares to individual com-
panies, corporations, or States. This was a new
kind or stockholders: a new description of copart-
ners with stockjobbers in a banking corporation.
S'ates bad no right to be seduced into such compa-
ny: he would therefore move to have to have them
struck out: let the word "States" be taken out of
that line. To comprehend the full fore? and
bearing of this amendment it would be ncces&ary
to keep in view that the sixteenth section of this
charter designates the Fiscal Corporation, the
Treasury of the United States. It expressly says
that—
"All public moneys indeposite m said corporation, oi stand
mg on its books to the credit of the Tt easurer shall be taken
and deemed to bem the Ti easut y of the United ¿states, and
all payments made by the 1 reasnrer shall be m checks diawn
on said corporation "
Yes, sir, 'his Faa is to be the Treasu-
ry oí ihe Unitfd Slates; and 'he Treasury
of the United States is to be converted
into a corporation, and not only forced into part-
nership with individuals, companies and corpora-
tions, but m'o jomt btock co-partnership uith the
Stales Tht General Government is to appoint
three directors, and the re>t of the partners will
have the appointment of the o her sk. Th^ cor-
porators will be two to one again* t the General
Government, and they will of course have the con-
trol of the Treasuty of this Union in their hands.
Now he was (or sticking to the Constitution net
only i« spirit and meaning, but tu th' letter; and
the Consti ution gives no authonty to individuals,
eompam s, corporations, and States, to take the
public Treasury of the Union out of the hands of
the General Government. The General Govern-
mei t alone, and acting independently of any such
eontioi, is required by the Constitution to mar-ag
its on fiscal affaus. Here it is proposed to re-
tnu. oily neihiuiof the control ot this Trca ury
hi uie h ii !•> of the General Government—the
oihri twi thirds may fall exclusively into the hands
of the S ales, and thus the Treasury of the v hole
Union mav be at ihe disposal of «uch
Slates as can contrive to possess theji^elvss
of the two-thi'ds of ihe stock they are author zJd
to take. 11 it is the obj ct to let those States nave
the funds of theTreisury to apply to weir own
use, the scheme is well con'nved to attain that end.
He, however, was determined not to let tha' plan
be earned without letting thp people know who
were it. supporters, lie should, th retire, demand
tht teas d.nd nays on his ?mendm°nt
Mr BERRIEN exp'anei tb«.t trie ohject.on
iai ed ,i auist the sixfenth section was merely
teih icai. Tne v> ords did not convert !- Bank
in'o toe United States Trrisury; they nerelv pro-
vided ur a eouior nity wun laws regulating the
lod"mt,it and withdrawal of Treasury funds
T ¡e qaeition vvs then 'alten on the amendment,
which was rejected, as fodow-:
YEAS—Messn. Allen,Ben'on, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, King, Linn,   McRoberts,  Mouton,
Nichols >n, Pierce, Sevier, Smith  of Connecticut,
Sturgeon Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright,
and Yoing—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer,  Bai.ow, B^tes, Ber-
|j   -x n, Cioate, Cl-«y of Ken tfKy, Cay on, Dixon,
11  Euxif, Graban, Her-d.er-.on,   Hiuiting'un,  K/r,
o  Mauyim,   -Vierr ck,   Mill r,   Mor h  tid,   Prelps,
>><>  >r, Prenti", P es o->, Rives, b mmons, St>ith of
!n  .ana, Sou'naidjTail-nadge, Whi'e and Wood-
bndga—28.
Ivir BENTON then moved to strike rat f cm
the Sime n i>, in it .me se^lKi. th  o d ' cor-
ooran^ns " Iinrjrovmg m h" h"it tu it tii, (■ id-
eality was to ' e the Treasury of the U-' erf S'a'es,
t ic li'tle pet banks would, no d UDt, club tog*- her
i ' bu / i p tor Hvo nir I o te s'ork, v h ch v/o ild
give i' em tie con'iol of toe T casmy lunds The
ia'e United S ates Bank had means yet to keep a
cohort of lawyers, agents, cashiers, and directors,
who would not lose si^ht of the hu t, and who were
panting to plunge their hands imo Uncle Sam's
pocket    There  as nothing to prevent the corpo-
rators of the lati United States Bank becoming the
sole owners of these two-thirds of the stock in the
new Fiicahty. It would be a race between them
and the States, which shou'd grab all.
The sixteenth fundamental rule of the eleventh
section is the point where we are to find the con-
stitutionality of this Fxscality. The little pet
banks of every State may be employed as agents.
This is a tempting bait for every insolvent institu-
tion in want of Tieasary funds to strain every
nerve and resort to every possible scheme for pos-
sessing themselves of the control of the funds of
the United States This object was to defeat such
machinations. On this amendment he would de-
mand the yeas find nays.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fu ton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Rives, Se-
vier, Smith of Conne, ticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messr . Arehrr, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hun'ington, Kerr,
Mangum, Merrick, Millar, Morehead, Phelps, por-
ter, Pren i,s, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indi-
ana, Tallmadge, White and Woodbndg —26.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky here a^ked and obtain-
ed leave to present a peut'on iiom rui^sns of Erie,
Pennsylvania, in belia'f of the e-slablishment of a
United S'ates Bank. He sai! it was right that the
voice ol the petitioners should be heard. He would
merely ?sk the pennon to be laid on the table.
Mr. RIVES rose, and «'ated that the chairman
of the Select Committee, [Mr. Berrien,] in his ex-
pose of the pre ent bill, bad referred to the amend-
ment to the former bill, which he [Mr. Rivfs] had
proposed, witH ? view of showing that this bill
c nfoimed to thft proposition. Th's was a great
mistake Tne e «ential point m his proposition
wss evaded m the provision r<>lied «pon by the
chairman of the committee. His (Mr. Rives's)
pi oposii ion was precise and definite as to the ex-
c'usion of discounts in every shape ard form;
whereas th s b 11 author zf, in effect, Ihe discount-
ing to /ny extent of bilis oí exchange; for there was
essentially no difference between di-counting a
promissory not1, not due for a given time, andad-
vannng money on a bill drawn by one person on
another, and not payable till a dts >nt day, deduct-
ing the interest on the money advanced, for the
time the bill b<is to ran to resaturrv. This is m
substance d.>count.ng, juU as mucn as it the ope-
ration was oa pío 1 sscry notes Tho meaning of
his proposit¡<-n, and he felt convinced no other
meaning could be given to the expressions in the
President's veto m sage, wa' to limit the Bank to
"dealirg in e\c large';'' that i , purcnasmg or sell-
ing cd'h dra'is. payab'e on tHnand, and drawn m
one place, but payable in another: thus facihtaiing
end equahz ng as nearly as pos ¡ble the exchanges
oí the country. Th.s wa the understanding in 
all joreign countries of the term "dealing in ex-
c ..nges," and did not include dealing in bills of
exchange payable at a dibtani day Another essen-
tial difference between his (Mi. Rives's) proposi-
tion, and the pnnuple ot this bill v/as, toat this bill
assumes a right ot establishing ager cíes in the se-
veral State- , provided ihey limit then banking ope-
ration to deal ng m fore gn biUs of exchange, or bills
of exciiangc diawr ii one State or T^r i ory and
payable in. ariOthe ; vviueas h« ¡reposition re-
quued the a-sem ot the S ates to tb^> e tabhshment
of gene es wt S-,n tan' bordo  Uiless thi"e two
features ot th pres • o i wtr- ciarged, <md made
to conlorm. to his propositiop, he ould not vote
tor it
Mr. BERRIEN -1 niel hit there was any diffe-
ifS'ei. p'i"c ile betwsen t>e h-ovstons of this
bill, and the pr.pMimn nt th  S.-na'or from Vir-
ginia [Mr Rives ] offered as an amendment to the
ate Bank bill, ard ma'niaitcd tnat the present
In i was stnctiy in c nl-^rmtt/ w ih the require-
ments ot the President's rnessaae He made van-
ots quotations in support of these assertions.
Mr RIVES replied, pointing out the precise dif-
ference between  the principle involved m both his
I prcptwtiou and the veto me*sage of thp Presi
