4(21
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* u -jTVNLY   Yea, bat this resolution will prevent the
b i o are of frauds.
51i   PROFF1T    It will be* covering up of fraud not to
Mi'GENTRY wished to ask the gentleman from Indiana
whether, if the resolution passed, the Secretary of War would
be > rmittedto stay m office long enough to answent lithe
•¡«V' eman could replyin the affirmative, he would vote for the
resol W ton
Mr PROFPIT said that there was a question at issue
Either the last Administration had been guilty of fraud, or we
Tths Whig party] had been guilty of falsehood
The question on the motion to suspend the rules was then
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays 60
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the rules were
not suspended
H                               PUBLIC PRINTING
Mr GARRET DAVl-5 moved a suspension of the rules for the
purpose of taking up the following joint resolution heretofore
offered by him
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representa
Uves of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That hereafter all printing by the order of the Heads of the
Executive Departments, orany other agent ofthe United States
shall, where the rate* are now higher, be done and performed
at the same rates established at the present session of Con
eress by the two Homes for printing done by thel order and
all accounts for such printing shall be settled and paid in
-strict conformity to such rates by all officers ofthe United
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, bei ig taken, were—yeas 140, nays 3
So the rules were suspende 1
And the question being on the engrossment of the resolu
tion—
MriDWIS asked the previous question
Mr WISE asked Mr ü to withdraw the motion to enable
him to offer an amendment Instructing the clerks of the two
Houses to report at the next session on the best and most econo
mlcal mode of separating the Government from the public
press, and to submit their views <fec
Mr DAVIS declined to withdi aw the motion for the previous
question, remarking that the gentleman c >uld present his rtso
lution as a distinct proportion
And the question bemer taken on the demand foi the previeus
«uestion, there was a second   -
And the main question (beios on engrossment) was ordered,
and being taken, the jornt resolution was ordered toa third
Mr STANLY moved the previous question on the final pas
sage of the resolution
And there was a second
And the main question (being on the passage of the icsolti
tion) was ordered and being taken the resolution wasadopted
CONTESTED ELECTION IN TI ORIDA
Mr HALSTED, from the Committee on ElectKns to whom
had been referred the papers an 1 d immems in relation to the
contested election from the Ternloiy of riotida made a report,
concluding with the following resolution
Resolvfd Tint David I evy, Esq is not -i citiren of the
United State, m pursuance of anv liw or treaty there t and
thattherefore the slid David I evy r-q is not entitled to a eit
m the House of Representatives as a I) legate from the lern
tory ofFlorida to the 27th Conpiess
Mr H moved that the report he laid on the table and with
all theaeeompauywgpapers and documents lepmtcd
Mr LEVY moved the printu g of some additional doeti
mente, which was can if d
Mr WTII lAMt of Maryland a member ofthe Committee on
Elections, rose and «nd he dissented from the report
Mr STANIY expressed the hope thttsome of th membfis
who voted for the previous q íestion onthe question flheenn
tested election fiom New lersey, would be prepare 1 to act
with equal promptitude on thisrepoit
The report was then laid on the table, and with all (he
accompanying papéis  and documents  was oideied  to  hi.
And Mr  HALSTED gave notice that he would call up the
renort m a day or two
ropo.,.            ,        pnuiK  PruNTIW
Mr WI'iE asked leave to offer the fnlliwwg resolution
Resolved l y tt e Senate §c that the Clei ks of the two
Houses of Congress be and they are hereby oi lored to r port
ointly a' the next session of Congress upon th  best and most
«conomiea! mode 'f separating the paironaae of the Govern
ment from the political newspapei press of the onnntr} an!
that they submit their views and statements upon the cost
expediency, and convenience of the piesent plan of public
printing upon that by contract of le tins out to the lowest bid
«ier thatofapress to be estalllshed at Government exrense to
bo superintended ny officers to be created by law an I th- best
mode ef organizing "uch a plan an 1 upon any other | Ian which
they may dpemworthvof consideration lor executing all the
riublic printms of the Unite 1 «¡tato and that thev set forth the
principal reports which have heretofiro bten made to Congress
on this subtect
Mr WARREN obierted   for the Kason that the obieet de
jsirwi could not be a'tained bv the re olution
i   Itir WISE move! a suspension of the rulo to enable him to
offer the resolution; and asked the veas an 1 nays   which were
ordered, Pld being taken were—Yeas 77 navs66
So (two tn'tds not voting in the affirmative) the rules were
not suspended
CHOCTAW RESERVATIONS
The bill from the Ben te enti led 'An act to provid for the
satisfaction of outstanding fhortaw reservations under the
19th tmlele ofthe treatv of Hic-in  Ribl it creek of Septcm
ber 1830 "wjs taken up and react wi-e hv i s title
Mr  Fill MORE moved itsrefereixf to the Committee on
Mr A BROWN was unlerstnod to «mffocl t at the hill
should so atonreto the Coiim tteeof tne Whole on tnc state
ofthe Union                                         ,                               ,
Mr FILLMORE sai 1 he «iim 'e ed il imnorfant ha' the till
■should undergo the action of as andm" committee
And the bill was commute 1 to the Committee on Public
A message was received from the Prest lent ofthe United
States, by the hands of John Til er jr esq his Private Secie
tary, informing the House that the President nad apptoved and
jjigsed tlte bill makingj appropriation for the funeral expenses
of William Henry Harrison, deceased, late President of the
, United States
*  On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Friday, Sep'ember 3,1841
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, relating to the printing; of ih Depart-
ments, was read a first and second lime, and was
referred to the Corrmittee on the Library,
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
repeal the sn.th 'ectiun oí the act entitled An act
to provide for the support of the Military Acade-
my of the United States for the year 1838, and for
other purposes, passed July, \8~i8, and to prohibit
any investment of the funds ofthe United States in
stotkiof the "everal State*, was read twice; and,
on Ihe question of reference coming up,
Mr SEVIER said this bill was one of a most
extraordmarv character It was to lepeal existing
contract, and to violate treaty stipulations with
the Indians, without their consent. He moved to
lay the bill on thr table
Mr PRESTON appealed to the Senator to with-
draw his mourn, he was disposed to emertam a
simpar opin on ol the bill, Int thought it more re-
spectful to the House (o refer it to a committee He
would therefore move to refer it to ihe Commit-
tee on Finance
M.. SEVIER sai), if it was to be referred at all,
if ousht to be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affair.
Mr. WALKER concurred in this view
Mi. WOODBURY made some remarks, to the
effect that the bill could be only piospective in us
character, and would have no effect on existing
contracts.
Mr CALHOUN said tins bill im olved ques-
tions of an impoilant character, which uwasverv
evident, would require more time for then consi-
deration than c mid be devoted to ihem at the pre-
sent session. He would therefore move to lay the
bill on the table.
The moiion was nega ived.
Mr. SEVIER then moved its r ference to the
Committee on Indnn «¡flairs     Lost
The motion of Mr. PRESTON was then
pg eoil to, and the bill referred lo the Committee
on Finance
Mr CALHOUN presented the procee ling of a
larg" and respec able portion ofthe Republicans
of Cl rke county, Virginia, which the meeting had
requested him, in conjuc iou wilh the Senator from
Missou-i, [Mr Bfntxn ] to lay before ihe Se-
niup The meeting express, in strong but deco-
rous language, their di approbation of the measures
i Í the prc-ent session of Congress,, they enter into
a review, and, in h s opinion, an able review, of
the promts s and pledges given by the Whig party
prior to the recent Presidential election, which
have been violated or unredeemed, and they ex-
prés, m warm term , their approbation of
ihe recrnt veto of (he President Mr C.
^sked that they might be read, and ordered to be
printed.
The document having been read,
Mr PRESTON opposed the printing It was
not fit that the Senate should ort'ersoch stuff to be
rnnted It was a paper that appeared to him to
b- characterized by the vulgar party slang of the
<\ij, and he had no idea that the Senate should be
made a party to its dissemination. He therefore
rr-oved to lay it on the table.
Mr CALHOUN Hoped the Senator would with-
draw his mtjtion.
Mr. PRhSTON manifesting some hesitation,
Mr BENTON said, never mmd, I have ano-
ther of the same kind, aid can say what is neces
stry on that
Mr. PRESTON then withdrew h'S motion tplay
on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN «aid that the citizens had an
undoubted right to be heard on all the great Jead-
i"g top cs in v hich their interests were so vitally
concerned The mit'er in this document had been
['enounced—why, he cauld not perceive, certainly
t ere wai nothing m it (o justify the remarks of
In. colleague Other documents ol \h*same kind
had b*en presented and ordered to be printed. Why
this should be particularly excepted to, he could
not understand. He held it to be a right inherent
m the people to be heard en all occasions on sub-
jects of general interest, when their opinions are
expressed In decorous language; and he would
challenge a companion of that of the memorial,
with what Senators have been in the habit of using
in that chamber, far more deeffrous than was used
by Senators on ihe other side of the chamber yes-
terday. Shenld they prescribe a rule to the peo-
ple of this country, which they did not observe
themselves' He hoped the rnotien would not pre-
vail.
Mr PRESTON renewed his motion, and Mr.
BENTON stmul aneously addressed the Ch?ir,who
reminded the latter that the motion to lay on the
table was not debatable.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had not renewed the
motion
Mr. PRESTON. But I did.
Mr BEATON I was on my feet addj->ss,ing
the Chair, when the Senator, while sitting m his
seat, lenewed his motion to lay on the table. To
make a motion in such a position it, unparhamen
tary, and goes for nothing.
The CH &.IR acquiesced m thu opinion, and
Mr BENTON proceeded to address the Senate
in defence of the right of the people to make their
sentiments on public measures kno*m to heir re-
presentatives, and said the attempt to repress them
would be utteuy futile It was the verv nature
and essence of liberty to rise in proportion as it was
sought to be shackled, and he could t-U ihe Sena-
tor, if that sland were made against the reception
of these document?, that it would induce thousands
to rise in defence of, and vindicate, their liberties
Was there any thing in these resolutions which
violated d corum, or was there any aspersi n of
character that rendered them objectionable? They
wsre generally received by the evening's mail,
which gave Senators time to overlook them, and
if there had been any thing improper contained in
them, they would not have been presented If the
Senator from South Carolina indicated a purpose to
throw these papers contumehously on the table,
owing to their language, they ivouH be found perfect
flowers of larende1- compared with what would be to
come                                       /
Sancho Panza, in describing ¡he first beatirg which
his master, Don Quixotle, had received, and in
which nearly every bone in his skin was bro'ien,
said, bad as it was, it was nerfect flowers of laven-
der compared with the second one. This would
be the case with the Senators opposite V wa« a
general law of nature, thpt out of all grtat evils
flow some positive good; and one of the bentfhs re-
sulting from this mischievous session, was the fact,
that it had turned the attention of the people to the
origin and tend ncyofthe great rowers of repeal
and the veto, and they were besinning to look at
them in their true cmstitunonal aspect They
were beginning to discover that the veto was not a
dangerous, but a great conservative, power, lodged
by ihe Const tution in the Executive, for ihe benefit
of the people It was only a stop law, to prevent
measures of a reckless legislative majority going
íutooperation until the people had an opportunity of
investigating them,and passing on them. There never
had been an instance in which the veto power had
b=en exercis d, in which it had not been sustained
by the people
Mr PRESTON replied at much length to the
remarks of Mr. Benton, and commented with
much severity upon the language of the paper now
on the table. He concluded by again moving to
lay it on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN appealed to Mr. Preston to
withdraw the motion, in order to enab'e him to re-
plv to some of his remarks.
Mr PRESTON refused to withdraw his motion
Mr. CALHOUN then demanded the jeas and
nays. Let gentlemen, if they can, suppress the
voice of the American people.
The qu st¿on was then taken on laying the pro-
ceedings rn the t ble, and the motion was earned
—ayes 26, noes 17, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evansr Graham, Huntington, Ker, Mangnm,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
