434
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«d with the impugnment or trial of Alexander McLeod, and,
if so, to communicate to this House copies of tho instiuctiona
to, ami report of such officer, and whether, by any Executive
measures or correspondence, the British Government has been
given to understand that Mr McLeod will be released or sur
rendered
Mr. FLOYD resumed his remarks from yester-
day, and concluded.
Mr EVERETT took the floor with the inten-
tion, he said, of giving a. get eral outline of his
views on this subject     After he had concuded—
Mr. BOARDMAN moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. J. Q FLOYD as-red the yeas and nays.
A motion was made that the House do now ad-
journ, which prevailing—
The House adjourned.
ÍN SENATE,
Saturday, September 4, 1841.
The bill from ihe House of Representatives mak-
ing appropriations for the purchase of ordnance
and ordnance stores was taken up, and, aiier some
br.ef remarks from Messrs. MANGUM, SEVIER,
and WOODBURY,
Mr. ALLEN moved lo amend the b'll, to the ef-
fect that the appiopnation be taken him the pro-
ceed* of the sales of the public lands in the Trea-
sury, any ?ct to the contrary i otwiifcta.idmg.
Mr. SMITH ot ludiana rrgretted to see the
course Senator^ were despised to take. Wend
they never cetse to assault the land bill1 There
never ha-' been a b.U to long and so desperately
contested by the Opposition Every amendment,
including the one now ottered, in principle, that the
ingenuity of that Pppo-ition could devi r, hid
been offeied in the progress cf the bill in ihe Senate,
and had been vo ed down. Wete these pinend-
metits to be repeated upon cv ry bill that tame be-
fore the Senate? Would Senatot peisM in this
course? The whole mattei conneeW wit i the di -
tnbution bill had been solemnly dec c\d at .ho pre-
sent session. Were Senators not willing to let the
people try ihe measure? If it vas wrong, they
would find it out and correct it. He said kt them
try it This fighting a me«suie indirectly, he di I
not like He would submit it, in a'l ¡r- t I i< elms,
to Senators, to let this measure rnke it coui ,e
The bill authorized l'f repel, wl.ei Conpre s
should say it she uld be done Lei the qtitM on at
all times be fairly and openly metand drcidetl Mi,
S. was neither to be driven nor coaxed int > a re-ai-
gument of that measure at th s ^sion He had
heard, with pain and regiet, ihe b-na or fn m St ulli
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun ] Ihe oiher d.i', rt II n > a
the President to put his velo on this j*r>pc nan'
measure. He (Mr S ) did not obj ci tu th-> t d, o-
sition of the Ser ator, while the bit «as in the Se-
nate, but regretted tki' he ^hould hav^, ieit it to be
his duty to so fur'htr, against ,11 pa.ilianirnt.ii,
rule, and advise the Pierden' to vi to a measure
that had gone from the body, and uhica w« spe-
cially recommended by himself m bis last message,
and urged by him upon Congte-, for i«s . doption
Mr. S. would not pursue the subject He wished
to see the session brought to a t lose; and be would
say nothing that would lead to debate. Le hoped
the amendment would not be adopted
Mr. ALLEN s?id they uuuld ctns a.itly, mn
tedly, and wi h accumula'ed cne,g\, fi How up ihe
subject. It had all along been said that disttibu-
ting the proceeds rf the public lands among the
States would i.eit ler lend lo loans nor idj not al
taxation. Nor what have they witnessed? He
would give them iair notice that his s de ot the
Senate meant to dj alt it could lo repeal t e di tn-
bution law, to help ai ev ate the burdens of ihe
people, which the Ian 1 bi'l bad impesrd for the
benefit of foreigner , and be^  foreigners our ene-
mies, moral and polmca1
Mr. WALKER said lue Senator from Oil >
talked of the land bill as though it bid aire -dy be-
come? a law He expressed the hi pj, if lh° bill v as
sigaed, that no bill whi-h vio ated thc -.pii.t of the
compromise would receive the s:nctionof tit Pre-
sident.
Mr. MAHGUM replied, when ihe question «a 
ta%en on the amendment, and deciued in he nega
iiw^as- follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
Of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn,  Mc-
Ro> erts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Sin h of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bury,  Wr ght and Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien,
Choa e, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead,Phelps,Porter, Prentiss,
Simmons, Smi'h of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Vvhite and Woodbnige—25.
Trie bill was then laid over, to be taken up on
Mordav.
Tiie Rfvenue Bill was then taken up, (the ques-
tion pending being the amendment of Mr. Wood
bury, to exempt tea and coffee,) when
Mi CLAY ma v an expo<e of the s an of the
Trejju-y He said ihe expenditure of this year will
exct d txeie.ieiiue«ii.teea millions'The appropria-
te O.i vXtrasessionheVated tube tour millions
and a 1 u\l To meet the excess of .he exper-dituie
of this ye r over its receipts, would absorb ihe
whole of the twelve million loan, and hu laid it
down as a fact ascertained, that, at Ihe end ot this
year, th-re wou d not be one collar in Ihe Treasu-
ry. He then look up tho next year, and, by a de-
tai'ed sta'errent, he c->me to the ci nclusion that
there would re orly four millions of e'ear r venue,
after paj n g t ff the meumbrai ces left by this vear's
eTpeidUure, to meet the expenditures of 1842, un-
d r the present tariff
TI 3 bill now before the Senate would, according
to 'he Secretary'  & tm,a e, add ei^ht millions and
a hah. He suppo ed it would neit ten millions.
Tei«, h said, with the fom millions of the ordina-
ry re.enseto be csleul ited on for thctexi year,
woul I make the means of 1842 fourteen mi'lions,
and if no nart of the twelve nvllion 1 an is oaid, it
wil amount to eighteen millions Th11 Trca ury I
Matiment of the aia N of ihe revenue for a series
of yipi. to tome, he said, made twentv-five mil-
lion'- the supi oied average for a series o{ years—
tvenv-thite m llions was his average of the
amount oí reven e for a series of years. He could
not --.¡y what the cipendituros of the present Pre-
sd nti.'l em would bt W* unders'ocd him to
■ i   il-dt for ibis ) tar it vouldbe about twenty-eight
0  i'li us     IC   e-ep e'scd  a hope that it might be
1  ought dot i is an avei. %c lor ips four }e<irs, io
the ainowt of Mt. V<ii Btr uSIcHjeu—at le.it,t
be trus'iu it mi  u ni i ved twei tt-tvo millions;
an I tbi , V- a 'in d, \ ..r d enable (he Trea i ry to
pa\ i ioit jOTi-, ti e t /lIvc ran ion loan recently
•lUtho /"<• H •.' ou d vote for the toxon Ua ?nd
< oÍKi      Ii wís ni"    0rv, under  '  ■, calculations,
n! p Ik fe, h 3 he " , s o be do etted by a por-
tinif lis jnerd-., he tru-led that sor-ie of those
cy < ed to b m t oti'd \o<e for t .is lax If tiny
1 d -Jut, the re pit vou d meviti! ly be, that at the
nc ct r un Ihe tax would be e na nly ímpreed,
o 1. tift"r dutt hail authrn/ud by the compro
mise itt lev it don < lh r ar J s )T= Incited upon
i ne v Imp in !) ce i ber rext, v hich a few daj^
siiice he had «pn1 en of a; no' improbable, no'i' as
lively to be inmost inc'ispen able.
Mi C n the coui e f h's remarks, made ihe
f ilo'tmg esiimttts tor t e receiptr-atid expendi-
tures of tue 1 t part of th' year 1841, and the pro-
table revenue ler th.*- last half of the same year
under the existing revenue laws, supposing ihe pre-
sent bill not to pasi
Actual revenue ¡or irse first halt of the year 1841:
Customs .... -}6,113,410 51
Lands    -           ...        826 6C9 95
Bank brnl          -           -           -        637 049 Al
Mi^cel at eeus Uem1*        -           -           64 945 83
$7,642,075 76
Expenditure dui ng the same time-
Civil, misce'ianeous, and foreign
rte course      -           -           -   §3 062,624 71
Mliary  -                                          6 442 893 53
Naval     ....     3,559,705 52
§12 065 124 76
T b'ic debt          -                                   3,937 35
T ea ury notes redeemed, mclud-
írg interest       -          -           -     2,363,450 64
$14,431,512 75
Difference between actual receipt
and expenditure   on   the   first
half of 1841    -          -           -     6,789,437 00
Probable revenne for the last halt year-
Customs -           -          -           -   $6 113,410 51
Lands     .--           -        826 669 95
Miscellaneous items       -          -          64,945 83
$7,005,026 29
Expenditure:
Civil, miscellaneous, and foreign
intercourse       -          -           -    $3 062,524 71
Military ...           -      6,442,893 53
Naval     ...           -      2559,706 52
Public debt         -          -           -            3 917 55
Treasury notes redeemed             -     4 047,498 16
§10 116560 47
Deficiency of the revenue during
the last half year of 1841 to
meet the   expenditure   of   ihe
same time        -           -           -     9,111,534 18
Deficiency of the first half brought
forward            -           -           -     6,789,437 00
Total deficiency of ac'ual revenue
to meet actu.el expenditure dur-
ing the year 1841         -           - $15 900,971 18
To which siiould be added as much, u ore a3 may
be expended out of the appropriation ot  the «xtra
session
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that th* avowed
object <f the expose which had just bee., made by
the chairman of the committee, [Mr Clay] was
to show that ihe proposed duiies on tea ana coffee
were necessary In order to satisfy the Senate on
\h\s point, much labor and time hid been em-
ployed, and an unusual di'play made of figures,
estimates and calculations. But a few plain, na-
ked facts were admitted in the progrese of the
learned Senator'  speech, which were wo'th mo'e
fan all the rest, however elabórate. By the h;lp
of a little illustration írom nftcial documente,
those lacts would be pouni! *o st it e the w íole ques-
tion in favor of thepracticab lty of exemp'mg both
tea and coffee from duty, anet still rm-eting every
prop-r expense of the Genet al Govt.rrment with
promptitude. If this could be shown cy Mr. W.
it must be sufficient to enture • ae success of his
motion.
The fi st inquiry, tnen, is, how large our expen-
ditures ought to be, and the nex', wheiber our re-
venue is likely lo bo adequate to meet them, wi h-
out taxing tea and coffee1 It mu--t tie remc-ritered
t! a' w aie able to control and limn the expendi-
tures at our own pleasure, and, therelcre, should
make them fifteen, twenty, or thirty million", ac-
cording to our views of economy, and the public
necessities.
But the receip's are less under our own power,
and must depend more on society at laige and fo-
reign nations—on the revival or depre sien of
commerce, tne value of exports larger or «mailer,
and thus influencing the imports, en the dearer oi
cheaner supply of our wants by domestic sranu
factures, an i a variety of other circimslanccs loo
numerous for recapitulation Now from ihe la
byrmth of computations, wh eh the chairman has
submitte !, one thing is quite certain, that no debt
or deficit is probable from exisling appropriations
made at cr before this ..tssiop, beyond twelve or
sixteen millions. Of course pny enormous loan to
make the newly invented, and, i> is hoped, abor-
tive Fiscal Corporation, is exel ided b/ us both.
It is also certain that the official organ on these
matlers—Ihe Secretary of theTr«asury—eouldnot,
at the opening of this session, with all his anxiety
to swell the haointies then existing, arid increased
by 'hose called fer at this se sion, augment the
•ahole deficit and oebt for bo'n 'his and the next
jear beyond twel/e minen , That sum would
ex'inguish al! *he Treasury notes, old and new;
pay off all the extra appropriate ns, old ard new,
except an ord nary amount at t<v> end of the year;
and leave nothrg de'i'able beyond these, except
a surplus of ore to fonr millions for convenience
in fiscal operations.
It is therefore obvious,  sir, that however many
