436
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
speech from which I now read, 8th vol of Debate?,
p. 293, that after providing for certain object  of
internal improvement, «fee. by the public lands,
"for one I have no objection to the reduction of the
public revenue to fifteen or thirteen, or even to
nine millions of dollars."
Again, at the commencement of this extra ses-
sion, he presented a memorial from Georgia, which
asked a reduction of expenditures to thirteen or
fifteen millions yearly, and which he endorsed as
correct in its views, and entitled to receive, as it
should, his hearty concurrence and co operation.
Let us, then, hear no more about the necessity
of an expenditure for the current service, or an ave-
rage yearly, in 1842-3,-4, of twenty-five to thirty
millions, contradicted as it is by the general policy
and practice of both the two past Administrations
—contradicted by their recommendations to Con-
gress—contradicted by ths professions and pledges
of those now in power; and, much more, contra-
dicted by the views of the chairman himself on all
former occasions. It must, therefore, be obvious,
that if ws take eighteen millions as a maximum—
liable to be reduced much lower rather than to go
higher, we shall better conform to the prudent lea-
sons of experience, as well as the natural course of
events, and the promises of the past no Jess than
the present persons in power, and the dictates of a
wise public economy.  ,
This, then, is cur platform. Here we stand.
We extinguish, even before due, three millions ot
tb« loan, and spend, beside, in 1842, eighteen
millions for tbe current service. This makes
an aggregate charge of only twenty-rne millions.
How easily, then, can it be met without a tax on
tea and coffee? But I say now, sir, as I said in
1840, and in my report on the tariff last winter, to
which the chairman so often and so obligingly re-
fers, that a very large expenditure could not be
met, without a tax on tea and coffee? Wnh such
an expenditure you must burden not only them,
but all necessanef, as well as luxuries, if no one
duty is allowed to exceed twenty per cent. Even
now, sir, you collect more than half of the whole
customs from only four great necessaries of life—
that is, iron, sugar, molasses, and salt. I -.ay now,
too, as I said then, and as the cha rman himself
said in 1833, in the speech befare me, that tea and
coffee, though to some persons, and in some respects
luxuries—and more so formerly thin now—have
got to be comforts to all closes, and necessaries to
many. Hence I suggested, then, that if the
expenses are, as they ou^ht to be, reduced, modifi-
cations can and should be made in the tables for
taxing ttjem. I say now, likewise as then, that if
our importations are likely to be larger lhan in
1838, which is admitted on all hands to be the case,
these and other articles can, with still more proprie-
ty, be omitted from the iist of taxable merchandise
Now, sir, a single moment to the specific proof
of this ability in our revenue to meet all proper
expenses and ¡elieve those articles from duty. We
propose to reduce and can reduce the expenditure.
_ We anticipate a much larger importation of fo-
' reign goods than in 1838, and one doubtless will
happen. The chairman then cannot refuse to ex-
empt tea and coffee. Take his own computation
of the revenue at tweaty-three millions from duties
alone, adding the home valuation, and will it not
leave two millions after paying the above aggre-
gate of twenty-one millions of expenses?—a higher
expense than he approved only three months nsco.
That two millions is the average tax proposed on
tea and coffee, and hence most clearly it is unne-
cessary and should be omilled.
Again, keep the revenue fro.n lands, and add it
to the duties, and you have, on the chairman'.* own
calculations, an aggregate of twenty-six millions of
means to pay only twenty-one millions of chirge.
Why then not exonerate tea and coffee, and kefp
the lands, if it be necessary and prudent to h.xve
some millions excess to cover contingencies'!
In reaching ins conclusions, the chairman com-
plains of my different computitions as to the hone
valua'ion; and yet differs, himself, five or six per
cent, if I understand his views, irom the Treasury
Department.
It is true, sir, that on a former occasion, my
friend before me [Mr. Cálaobm] stated, that the
mode of valuation had been to add twenty per
cent, to the foreign invoice of imports from be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope, and ten to those
from this side, and that I assented to bis statement.
Bat though such had been the practice at the out-
set ot tbe Government in 1789, and most of the
time since, yet a change did tako place in 1832,
which was not at the moment adverted to, but
which I mentioned to the Senate before its adjourn-
ment on the very day of that debate. Whether
that change increased virtually or lowered ths ten
and twenty per cent, all could judge for themselves.
I think the change was made at the instance of the
manufacturers, and increased the rate, as it re-
quired the appraisers, instead of it, to increase ihe
nominal invoice price to the true price abroad, and
then add "all charges, except insurance." It was
nor as the Senator supposes—to add only a tew
small items of charge.
[Mr. WoodBübv here read the 15:h s"etion of
the act of July 11th, 1833, 8 h vol. page 701.]
The Senator had tallen also into ano'ber mis-
take as to the home valuation, in supposing that
the comp'roller reported lastijwinter, and Mr. W.
approved, an addition of twenty per cent, for
home valuation to the former value under the for-
mer laws. On Ihe contrary, it will bsseen, that
the twenty p°r cent, was expressly to include
or cover all those former charges as well as profits,
&c. and would therefore be a nett addition not ex-
ceeding in most cases ten to fifteen per cent.
f Mr. W. here read from the report, February,
1841, Senate document No 157 ]
On a review, then, of the whole matter con;em-
ing our revenue, how could the Senator complain,
if, on this occasion, and for this purpose, members
on this side of the chambar should assume as the.
ground of their computations, the official data of
the chief officer of the Treasury Department, both
as to the home valuation and the amount of im-
ports? His no disrespect to the chairman to take
that estimate of twenty-five millions for the nett re-
venue from customs under the home valuation,
rather than to lake ihe Senator's of twenty-three
millions. Neither may prove to be correct; and I
am far from vouching for either. But ioe, at least,
must be pardoned for taking the highest Executive
organ as a guide in this debate, rather than ano'her
guide, who admits himself not to be accustomed to
these kinds of computation.
The two following brief tables will, then, pre-
sent the result on these data in a more compact
form, and show most conclusively that the motion
now under consideration can be adopted with per-
fect safety to the Treasurv.
TiELE No. 1.
Thus, expenses in 1842.
Current expenditure             -           -   $18,000,000
Instalment on the public debt before
due          -          -           -           -       3 0(10,000
Add interest
Agrégate
21,000,000
500.000
121.500,000
Receipts in 1842.                                          *""
Customs, as estimated by the Secre-
tary of the Tressury        -           -   $25,000,000
Deduct proposed tax on tea and
coffee, average   -                       -      2,000,000
$23 000,000
This leaves a million anda half of surplus re-
venue. Tnis is quite enough to cover my
other motion to lake off gradually tbe present
duty on salt and molasses; and if the lands, were
not given away, would leave four and a half mil-
lions not only to cover that reduction, but slid
others in sugar—iron, molasses, and salt—neccs-
sariesof universal consumption. These ought, when-
ever practicable, without danger to the Treasury,
to be cheapened for the enccurragement and ad-
vanUce of the great ma«s of the people. A mo-
raentN attention to the other table and I have done
with this point of the subject.
Suppose, that instead ef a revision of the whole
tariff at this hurried session, the Administration
had pursued the mere obvious and prudent course
of raising the duty only on a few article, were
clearly luxuries more than tea and coffee, and in that
way getting enough without distuibing the whole
system.
Then the result would have been as follows:
Table No. 2.
The expenses would be kept down in
1842 for the current service, and
the debt  and interest as before,
(No. 1.) to           -           -           -   $31,600,000
Then the receipts under the existing
laws, without a new tariff, or new
valuation, would be, on ordinary
imports, near       -           -               #11,000,000
Estimated increase of imports, if du-
ties are kept lew, so as to yield
more revenue, to the extent of     -       1,800,000
Home valuation add to these, in a
year, or in half a year, and ihe du-
ty above 20 per cent, from Janua-
ry to July, 1842   -           -           -      2,800,000
Drawbacks and erroneous judicial
decisions on present tariff, correct-
ed as has been recommended       -      2,000,000
R-áse wines and silks alone to 20 per
cent, and on impcrt of 1839 you
get more by
$17,600,000
4,500,000
Aggregate duties           -   $22,100,000
This, alone, would enable the Treasury to dis-
charge all its obligations punctually, and leave a
small balance. But if the lands, at three millions,
were added, it would cover any deficiency of im-
ports of wines and silks below 1839, and leave a
large balance in the Treasury, without imposing a
single dollar on tea or coffee.
A word or two more on the topic of prices, as
affected by high or low duties, to which the Sana-
tor [Mr. Clay] across the Chamber has twice ad-
verted in this debate. He has made a long exhibit
to bhow that coffte has been lower in price when
a duty was on it than when it was off. But can
he seriously tell the Senate that he himself believes
those prices were thus changed by the operation of
the tariff? Can he argue that, all other causes re-
maining equal, an increase of duty on any
article will not tend to increase its price, and a re-
duction of duty wiU not tend to reduce its price?
If these last are not ihe natural and necessary
tendencies, why does the manufacturer ever ask for
an increased duty on any article? What protec-
tion can it yield?
And again, if an augmentation of duly does not
usually augment the price, why will not ihe South-
ern gentlemen arou„iJ him consent at once to have
the compromise violated, and ¡he duty raised to
two or three hundred percent.?
No, sir: prices vary from very complicated
cause?; and while on the one hand a reduction of
duty may tend to lower them, and, standing alone,
would lower them, an inareased demand for the ar-
ticle, as for coffee, or a decreased production of it
in some places, as of coffee in San Domingo, may
at tte same time counteract other influences, and
even raise prices. An expanded currency here,
too, may alone increase prices; when if not ex-
panded, other circumstances would reduce them.
Finally, sir, under an increased tariff on some
articles, prices may fall, because the interest on
tbe capital employed may be falling more than
enough to counterbalance the duty; or an improve-
ment may be made in machinery so as to reduce
the cost of production (as has at times been the
case in the manufacture of cotton, woollens, and
iron) much more ihsn any addition to it by lhe|
t-iriff. In this way, prices of articles not included
in any tariff often fluctuate at much as those in
it. But he who supposes th.it prices are not likely
to be affected by raising or lowring duties, in the
absence of other causes of a counteracting nature,
must be more blind to die experience of ages, the
instinct and exertions of self-interest, or more
credulous as to new theories and really groundless
abstractions, than the chairman has ever before
had credit for.
With a view, then, not to have the price of tea
