CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          427
and coffee increased to the community, and at the
same time with a proper regard to the safety of the
Treasury, I trust that my motion will prevail, and
those important articles of universal consumption,
be left free.
" Mr. CALHOUN-observed thai, for the first time
thii session, now at its very close, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance had thought proper to
develope ihe financial policy of the present Ad-
ministration, and the calculations upon which its
measures are to be based. The exposition was so
extensive, and embraced so many calculations
which could not be accurately remembered wilbout
proper data, that he (Mr. Calhoun) conceived it
would be impossible to do justice to the subject
without a postponement; and in hoping that the bill
would be laid over till Monday, he would ask the
Ssnator what means he would afford the Sesate of
having his exposition placed before it for consi-
deration.
Mr. oIAY of Kentucky replied that he had not
conteraplaied the writing out o* his remarks, though
he might .irobably have no objection to rendering
any assistance required-, he would let the Senator
have ihe u¡>e of his (Mr. Clay's) tables and calcu-
lations.
Mr. CAtHOUN remarked that this was a most
important bill, and in the consideration of it there
was a manifest necessity for having the exposition
of the chair.ssn of the Committee on Finance also
under consideration. He would suggest the pro-
priety of laying the bill over till Monday morning
—there could be no objection to going into Execu-
tive session for the remainder ot the present day.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky declared he had no-
thing personal to consult in the matter; but he
thought, considering the advanced period of the
session, and tite fact, which lie had just learned ¡n-
ciientally, that there was no business before the
co-ordinate branch of Congress, and that it would
be difficult to keep that body together longer than
next Wednesday, there ought not to be even the
delay of laying over the bill till Monday. 0:her
amendments might be taken up—something more
might be done this evening. Executive business
could be despatched after the legis'ative business
was finished, and the other House should have ad-
journed; but, if the gentleman preferred the re-
sponsibility of further delay, he wa« ready to ac-
quiesce in any drcis-'on the Senate might come to,
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that he would as-
sume no responsibility. If the Senator chose to
force through a measure of this importance, and
fraught with consequences of such magnitude r.ith-
out leaving it in the powsr of those who disap-
proved of it, to provide themselves with full infor-
mation as to the ví rious tables aid calculations on
which he based bis exposition, he [Mr. Clay]
should himself assume that responsibility. No time
was giving for examining his details, and ascer-
taining wtethsr they were correct, or whether there
were any omissions in his statements, which would
not lead to different results from those which the
Senator imagined. It was important to ascertain
whether no-hing had been omitted, as well as
whether more was assumed than a close examina-
tion of details would warrant. But he would appeal
to the Senate to say whether it was proper to pro-
ceel in this precipitate manner under the disadvan-
tage he had mentioned, and the want of informa-
tion as to the statement just made by the Chairman
of the Finance Committee, consist ng of so many
details in figures that it would be scarcely possible
to keep them in view, without adequate 'ime /or
reflection. He would, however, assume no re-
sponsibility in calling for a postponement; and,
without saying more on that subject, he would s?.y
Jhat the whole cf the very elaborate speech mae'e
by the Senator from Kentucky, wai the most
overwhelming argument that could be offered
against the Distribution bill, which had been forced
through Congress within a few day?. The expo-
sition just made en the present bill threw a new
light on the system, by which the measures of this
session were to be consummated. He (Mr. Cal-
houn) hid repeatedly, throughout the session,
asked why this Revenue bill was not the first of
those measures placed under the consideration of
Congress.   The bill co-ifd never be introduced till
now, when it was too 'ate to affect the other measures
of the system. Why was not this bill brought out
before the Distribution bill, and the sevesal ap-
propriation bills of this session? Why was it so
carefully delayed un'il those bills were placed be-
yond the danger of rejection? Was it not because
not one of them could have been passed in the face
of the exposition which the Senator from Kentucky
now thinks proper to make to insure the passage of
this bill? He (Mr. Calhoun) would ask the Sena-
tor how he was to justify himself for his course in
regard to this measure? How was he to justify
himself for withholding till this time the exposition
which only could enable the co-ordinate branches
of the Government to act understanding^ on the
other measures which he called upon them to con-
cur in? Why did he withhold this information till
the announcement, in the official organ of the Ad-
ministration, that the Executive had signed the
Distribution bill? Was it not very well known
that the President would not give that bill the
sanction of his name if he thought it would be the
means "of violating the Compromise act? And
here ii the exposition of the chairman of the Fi-
nance Coromitiee, now that is known this fatal act
is placed beyond reach, proving, in the most con-
clusive manner, that ihe result is inevitable-—ihst
the Compromise act must be violated in conse-
quence of this Distribution bill. Now, when
the precursors of this Tariff bill have cut off all
retreat, when no possihiliiy of retrieving one
fatal step is left, the mover of the whole sys-
tem comes out and tells the world that this Go-
vernment is to have a deficit of fixteen millions in
i's Treasury at the end of the year I And this bill
has been kept back, and this exposition has been
delayed, till the signature of the President has
been obtained to the Distribution bill, with a full
knowledge that, had ihey preceded that bill, his
s'gnatnrp never would have been given to it. Now
it is fully seen why it was necessary to resort to
gig-laws to force through these measures in a co-or-
dinate branch of Congress, without discussion,
without examination, without deliberation, and in
such hot haste. Hence the rush of appropriation
bills through that House. Now it comes out that
the new expenditures authorize! by this e^'ra ses-
sion alone, are upwards of fix millions. If the Se-
cretary of the Treasury saw all this, how can that
functionary find any justification in pushing on his
expenditures beyond his resource.-!, and in recom-
mending appropriations to produce this state of
things? Has every thing been going on by chance,
or design? Or are the gentlemen willing to admit
that they know not what they are doing, and have
set Ihe whole machine of Government out of order?
Is it their pleasnre or their purpose to keep the af-
fairs of Government in such confusion, that no
consequences can be seen by those whom they call
upon to act, till their measures are consummated,
and it is too late to pause? Has not this been the
effect of that shameful course of legislation by
which these measures have been made depend-
ent upon each other, and by means of which,
as a whole, they are forced upon the coun-
try, wheteas, on their individual merits, they
cjuld not stand the test? For this end, the pas-
sage of the one has been made a bargain for the
passage of the other; and that is left last which
should have been first, because, hat it been first,
the others never could have parsed. If nothing
but an honest and fair course of legislation had
been contemplated, what would have been the or-
der of proceedings at this session? Should it not
have b ;en. a full and candid exposition of the finan-
cial policy of the Administration just come into
power, and a development of the contemplated re-
sources and expenditures of the Government for
the four years to come? Would not this be the
frat'k and honorable course of men whose patriot-
ism would not storp to indirect means of accom-
plishing any end? Such men would have insti-
tuted an investigaron into the immediate condition
of the Treasury—its liabilities, expectations, re-
iources, and accuracy of system. Th^y would
have calculated the measures of policy which the
country expected from them, and the con-sequent
expenditure cf their Government for their term of
service.   In full view of all this, tbey would have
made their calculation of retrenchment and re-
form, and, having ascertained what could be done
in that way, they would then make their estimates
of means to meet their expenditures. With clear
details of all this, they would have hastened to lay
such information before Congress as would enable <■
every branch of the Government to act under-
standingly upon all the propositions brought for-
ward as the policy of the Administration. The
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. W«odb0BT,J
whose knowledge on subjects of finance is the re-
sult of experience in the office which he filled with
so much advantage to the country and credit to
himself, has shown that, by proper and by no means
inconvenient retrenchment and economy, there can
be a lopping off from the expenditures of several
millions. But the Senator from Kentucky seems
inclined to throw that duly upon the minority, no
doubt aware that he could not impose a more un-
palatable duty upon his own friends. But he
(Mr. Calhodu) would suggest to the Senator a
simple process of arivmgat what he seems so de-
sirous of finding out.—that is, the lowest expendi-
ture with which the Government can be carried on.
His recommendation is this: to revert to the time
of Mr. Mouroe's Administration, when the Sena-
tor frequently acted in eo-operation with the radi-
cal party, who exclaimed against the expenditures
of that day; but now, reverting to those ex-
penditures, and taking them item by item, let the
Senator compare them with the same classes of
expenditure now, and having ascertained on which
ihe greaiest increase had occurred, let him inves-
tígale the cause of such increase, and necessity of
continuing it, and, having done all this, he may
probibly be able to designate which can most pro-
perly be retrenched, so as to bring down the
expenditures of the present Administration to as
near that of Mr. Monroe's Administration as
change of circams'ances will admit. He (Mr.
Calhoun) had no doubt the Senator would find
that he cculd cut off miiiions on millions of ex-
penditure in this way. And would not that be bet-
ter than resorting to measures such as those of
the present session, calculated to spread dismay
throughout the country—net only in relation to the
measures themselves, but to Ihe appalling manner
m which they have been carried through Congress?
The Senator can have no objection to going back
to Mr. Monroe's adiaims'ration, and taking up
the expenditure of his Government as one Suffi-
ciently large for that day. The party with which
the Senator then acted, considered that expendi-
ture susceptible of considerable retrenchment. If
his (Mr. Calhoun's) memoiy served him, he be-
lieved it was about ten millions of dollars. By "
comparing the items of that expenditure wilh those
of the expenditure of the present Administration,
the points of increaie would be seen. It would be
ascertained how much the army has increased;
how much has been the increase of the navy; how
much the increased expenses of the Judiciary, and
of the civil list; and so oa through all the heads
of Departments belonging to the Administration.
By this process, the points of retrenchment would
be seen at force. Take up the pension list, and
scrutinize it, aud you will find plenty of room for
economy. Go into .the department of Indian Af-
fairs, where there has bsen more exttavagance,
more lavish wastefulness, and more trickery than
in any other, and you will fee what retrench-
ment can effect. Had this scrutiny taken
place at the beginning of this session, aided by
your committees, you would have been able to set
out by a lopping off of probably three millions.
This would have been something to begin with;
and you could then, with a good glace, propose
si'cli new measures of policy as you could justify
to the country. With a fair exposition of your
system ot economy and retrenchment, of your con-
templated resources and ordinary expenditures,
you could then show the basis upon which you de-
pended for the cost of your new measures. The
bill now under consideration would then have
come within the scope of your preliminary ac'ion.
But to Keep back such a measure as this till the
last days of an expiring session; till those who
have to act upon it are worn out with toil, and
have become restless and impatient to close their
