430
and disrespectful to the other, and he could have
no hand m it He intended to move to lay the
motion on the table before he took his seat He
would, however, say a word upon the oft-repealed
charge against the present Administration, that the
public lands have been held up from sale so that
the proceeds might be distributed among the Slates
Mr. S. said there was not the least ioundation for
«he charge. It would be found, upon an exami
nation ot the document now proposed to be sent to
the? President, that the lands specified had been
withheld from sale for the best ot reasons- in most
instances because they had not been attached to
any land district, and, therefore, the President had
no power to proclaim these lands for sale Did
not Senators know that? Then why complain of
the Executive? Why charge that Department? No
blame could attach there, nor, indeed, could it
any where The reasons for not attaching them
for tale by Congress had been perfectly satisfacto-
ry to Congress, as gentlemen of all parties had
maintained from time to time It was wd! known
that there had been a very great excess over the de-
mand of the public lands brought into market in
years past Let Senators look at the table furnished
the Senate at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, and they would see that there were then
118,173 441 seres of public lands subject to pn-
vate entry Take this fast, together with the
condition of the country, the scaicit/ of money,
and the interests of pre-eraptors, and the reasons
would be obvious why Congress had not prepared
more lands for sale by attaching them to districts
The President had nothing whatever to do with
this, and the motion of the Senator to send him
the document was in every way improper. Mr S
would, to save further time, move to lay it upon
the table.
The question having been taken on laying the
subject on the table, it was carried
Mr. BAYARD introduced a just resolution m
relation to the settlement of the claim to the Pi a-
Patch Islard, which was read a first at I second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The bill modifying ihe tariff was then taken up
Mr. Almn had propo id to make salt a free arit
cle, which Mr Walh.r had proposed to amuid
by adding gunny bags
Mr BENTON appealed to the Senator from
Missi.sippi to withdraw hts amendment, and let the
vote be take  on salt.
Mr KING also appealed to the Senitor from
Mississippi to withdraw his amendment
Mr. WALKER said, ai the suggestion of his
friends, he shoul I withdraw Ins amendment tor the
present, a-, it was suppesed by some H might em-
barrass the original amendment
Mr HUNIINGTON opposed the amendmn t
as tending O a violation of ihe compromise act It
would result, a so, in the amihilation oí the exten-
sive American works enga ed in th s manufacture,
and would give the foreign manufacturers a mono-
poly in trade which would tend to the great in
creating on the price of the article as it entered into
the consumption ot the country
Mr KING was m favor ot the compromise aci,
so faras it could be maintained lhe article cf
salt entered equally into the consumption of all
classes—ihe puor as well a* the rich He shoul i
vote for tins amendment ¡f tn* S nator wisied,
he would vote to amen 1 the proposii on so thai it
should not take effect till the Jüih o Junj, 184-2,
and tbey would prevent its interierenee with the
compromise lie hoped the experiment >vou!d be
made, and be ascenatned wheiher revet.ue suili-
ctent forme ixpens s of Government could t«
raised by taxam n on other articles which co Jd
better b ar it    He shouU vote for the anendmen
Mr BATES ss'd ih« duty on salt affected two
great portion*, of the community in a very different
mannei— he interior of the country, which derived
their supplies trom ,he domestic m-inuf c ure, fr( m
salines, and t ose p rts on the i°a-board wh ch
Were supplied with imported salt Th<  price of
talt for the interior of the country, whici wa- sup-
plied with domestic salt, of which there was a g at
«bnadanee, would not be affecied by an imposi ion
$ <htóy,as the price was regulated by the law eí na-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ture, and could not be repealed or modified, but the
price of salt on the seaboard, which was supplied
by imports, and some manufactured from marine
water, would, however gentlemen might be dis-
posed to disbelieve it, be increased if the duty were
taken off, as the manufactories of salt from manse
water would be entirely suspended, since none
would continue the investment of their capital in
so uncertain a business—ihe foreign supply being
quite inegular. Thus perhaps, a third of the sop-
plies being cut off, a greater demand would an-e,
and the pnce be increased, on the seaboard, while
the interior wonld not be affected.
Mr SEVIER wi'hed to know how much reve-
nue was collec ed from salt, ht had ¡ward it stated
that the drawbacks amounted to more than the du-
ty, if so, it would be better to leave it among the
free articles
Mr  CLAY did not recollect positively, he be-
lieved the duty was about $400,000, and the draw
backs near $260,000—the tax greatly exceeded the
drawback
Mr CALHOUN said, individually there was,
perhaps, no article which he would prefer to have
exempted from duty than salt, but he was opposed,
L, any vote of hi , to give a pretext for a violation
of the compromise act hereafter. The duty on
salt was going off gradually, and full as rapidly
as was consistent with safety to commercial mte
lests No one could regard the bill before them
as permanent. It was evident that the who'e sys-
tem would have to be revised under the compromise
system.
Mr WALKER was warmly in favor of the
amendment He íegardcd a tax on saa as inhu-
man an I unjust It was almost as necessary to
hkiiian lift as the air ihey breathsd, and should be
exempted from all burdens whatever
Mr. ALLEN then modified his amendment to
ns that it shou'd not take effect until after the 3d
of June, 1842
Mr. OLA.Y sp)ke against the amendment, and
said the very circumstance of the universality of
i's u-e was j, reason it should come in for Us share
of taxation Ht never talked abou lh" poor, but
he believed he felt as much, syid probably more,
thsn ihose who did Who were the poor? Why
\ e were all poor, and any attempt to select certain
classe  for taxation w is absurd, as belore the cdltc-
tor came rounl they might be poor He expressed
the hop i that the tax might not be interfered wnh
This was a sutij ct which Mr Jefferson and Mr
Macon took under their peculiar care, and other
gentlemen bad since m< unted the hobby, and lite-
rally ude it down. He could tell them, if they
desired to preserve the compromise, they must
leave the salt tax alone.
lhe deba e was further continued by Messrs.
WALKER, BENTON, CALHOUN, and PRE?
TON, vvtien ihe quesiion was taken on the adop-
tion of ti-e amendment, and decided in the nega-
tive, as follows
YEAfc—Messrs All n, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
ot Alibima, Cuthbsrt, Fii'ton, Kitg, Linn, Mc-
Roberis, Mouton, Nichols n, Pierce, Prentiss, Pres
ton, S jnth ot C mieeticut, Tappan, Walker, Whit ,
Woo Inmy, Wright, and Young—-21.
NAYS—Messrs Archer Barrow, Bates, Br. men,
Cal'inun, Choa c, Clay < t Kentucky, Clayton, Dix
on, Evan-, Gratnm, Henderson, Hunlmgti n, Ker,
Mar gum, Mirnck, Mil er, Porter, Smi h of Ind-
ana, Si uinard, Sturgeon, Tallmaoge, and Wood-
brd„e—21
Mi VVALKfcJR. then moved his amendment, lo
exempt s> 'in> bigs, and after seme considerable
discus-,0!    it veas losl—ye is 13  ntys 33
Mr CALHOUN moved to s'rike out, in the 1st
sec ion, 5 n and 6 h lines, the words "wnich are
now admittei tree of duty, or " He said it was to
limit the (peration of this ¿<*t to articles now paying
a duty of less thin twenty per cent, and to exclude
articles now duty free He maintained that, under
the compromt e, no article now duty free, could
be taxed till the 30th June, 1842 The 3d and 6 h
sections related to the impositioi of a duty to the
Inn ts of twenty per csnt on a t eles beanrg a less
¡ate of duty, but fr°e am ¡es vere not to be taxed
under it
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky differed %n lota with the
gentleman In the first place, the compromise re-
lated entirely to the protected articles-—it did not re-
late to wines, silks, &c Suppose under an economi-
cal Administration, revenue sufficient could not be
collected, then he would go for a duty beyond '
twenty per cent The spirit of the ccmpromise
was, that they should not go beyond 20 per cent.
duty, if possible, in the exercise ot an economical
administration. The compromise only applied to
dutiable articles and not to those free of duty (If
this amendment prevailed the bill would not pro-
duce more than a ha.f million dollars. He hoped
ihe Senator would perceive this literal interpreta-
tion of ihe act was beyond all practical purpose ,
and would reduce the revenue by this bill from
ten millions dollars to half a million.
Mr CALHOUN was glad -that the Senator from
Kentucky had admitted that h s amendment was
in accordance with the letter of the compromise
act He held that it was also the manifest spirit ,
and object of the act, and that the provision for
this purpose was expressly introduced into this j
bill The object of the compromise bill was in
the first pla^e to sweep away the protective system,
next to relieve an oveiflowmg Treasury, and, last-
ly, to produce a state of things which, before 1842,
would compel this Government to reduce its ex-
penditures to an economical expenditure He con-
sideted this bill a vielatton of the compromise.
By that bill the duties were not to be charged ex-
cept m two contingencies, to raise them in case of a
deficient revenue, and to reduce them when there
was a surplus Now there was a deficient revenue,
and yet we see some articles which are now
pay ng duty, placed in the free list by this
bill, as hides, and various other articles connected
with the manufacturing interest In fact, the whole
tend°rcy of this bill was to throw the burden of
supporting this Government on a particular sec-
tion of this couniry Articles for which their
staples were exchanged were heavily taxed, while
these connected with the manufacturing interest
were generally almitted duty uee Articles which
are now fn e by thecompromiseact, are taxed, while
o h<r articles are made free in direct contravention
ot the act The trade with Germany and Franco
was a profitable one to this couniry, and increas-
ing and this commerce was paid tor by the cotton,
the tobacc > and ihe rice ot the South and South-
west The burdens imposed upon this trade would
in the first place, affeet the exportation and the
price of the staples he had mentioned, but they
would Lot stop theie It would not only
affect the South, but the West, and the
manuufao'unng interest of the North and the
East itself, and how would it do this? The
West was a grazing and provision country They
sold their provisions and their stock to the South;
and with ihe money thus raised, they purchased
goods of the merchants and manufacturers of the
No'th and the East. Their ability to buy of the
latter depended upon the ability of the former to
purchase of them, and this again depended on the
price they received for their staples If the South
is impoverished, its capacity to buy of the West is
diminibiicd, an I the capacity of tue West to buy of
the North is likewise diminished He again sug-
gested, though ne would make no proposition, that
it wou'd b„ r> tier to lay this whole subject over to
ihe next 'ibsim We were in no condition at the
present time, at the heel of the session, for a proper
coii-idcr.-Mion of the subject. He would be willing to
unite in ■* readjustment ot the compromise act, by
gradually reducing; the duties above 20 per cent, to
that scale, and increasing those below that ratio,
until a proper rr>cdium was reached whiGh would
afford a revenue sufficient for the economical ad-
ministration of the Government. This would
give the 'tnpeneissuffio'ent notice ro regulate their
busiress Tae piesent bill going into operation
n two or three weeks, would have the effect of
making the fortune  of some, and ruining those
who were not preppred for it
The amcndm nt was opposed by Messrs. PRES-
TON ?nl BERRIEN, and negativsd—ayes 11,
,>Ofs1 30, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Bsnton, Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
b?ma, Cutbbert, Pulton, King, Linn, McRoberts,
Pierce, Wright, and Youag—11,
