CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates. Bayard,
Beinen, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Mangutn, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tailmadgp,
Tappan, White, and Woodbury—30.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to strike out in the 1st
section, the articles excepted from duty, and insert
a provision excepting the list of articles contained
in the 5th section of the compromise act.
After some remarks from Mr. CALHOUN,
stating that the intention of me amendment was to
maintain inviolate the compromise aet, and further
remarks from Messrs. EVANS and CLAY, Mr.
CALHOUN withdrew the amendment, with the
intention of hereafter renewing it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he hoped his amend-
ment, proposing a repeal of the act of the 14th Ju-
ly, 1832, would be taken up now. He had saffer-
ed so much from his good nature in withholding
his amendment to oblig , that he should be more
careful hereafter. The amendment of Mr. B. was
to repeal all laws admitting railroad iron free of
duty, and fixing a duty of 20 per cent, thereon.
Mr. HUNTINGTON withdrew an amendment
which he bad offered, limiting the operation of the
law until aftei the ye^r 1842, when
Mr. BERRIEN moved an amendment that the
repeal should not go into effect until after the 3d
March, 1843.
Mr. BUCHANAN having already said so much
on the subject of railroad iron, would now confine
himself to a very tew remark . He consiiered
the act of the 14th July, 1832, a lowing a draw-
back of the duties imposed on this iron in favor of
States and incorporated companies, to be unjust to-
wards the great body of the ppople and d-siructive
of the just claim ot Pennsylvania to enjoy a fair
equality with her sister States. He thougM that on
every principle ot jut>t legislation it out to be im-
mediately repealed without any exeep ion what-
ever, unless it might be in favor such States
and companies hpd alieady issued orders for rail-
road iron which had not jet reached the United
States.
But the act was on the statute book—it was not
limited in point of time, as it ought to have been,
to a certain number of years, ani, under such cir-
cumstances, he would be compelled to yield a por-
tion of that which he believed to be strict justice,
and to except what he could obtam. NecessHy
had no law; and he feaied, from the vote m the
Senate when the subject was Ust before it, he could
do no better for the uterest which he «presented
than to accept the amendment as. now modified by
the Senator from Geoigia [Mr Berrien.] It fixed
a time, the 3d March, 1843, beyonu which this act
would no longer exist: and, m the mean time, it
impasrd a duty oi twenty per cent ad valorem,
not subject to drawback, on the importation of all
railroad iron, except m iaíor of those tailroads the
construction of which had been already com-
menced By Sta'es or corpoi >Uons. He accepted
this amendment-only because he ielt tha he could
do no better.
After some further remarks from Messrs. KING,
CUHBERT, and CAj- HOITN, the question was
taken on the amendment a amended, and decided
in ihe affirmative. Jfhe amendment w .s in the
following woids:
"Sec 5 And be it furth i enacted, That the act entitled
'An act to release from duty, iron prepared foi, and a^uill)
laid on railways or inclined planes,' a¡ pioved 14th July, 1S3~,
be and the Mine in hereby repealed, and [here shah
be laid, collec'ed and paid on such iron hereafter ini
ported, a du y of twenty pe. cent ad vaioiem Pumded,
that such repeal shall not opeiate nor shall such dti
ties be imposed on any laiiroa] lion, which shall be m¡ orted
under the provisions of the said act pnoi to the tnird day ol
March, 1843, and laid down on any railroad, 01 inclined planer,
ol Which the constiuction has been already commenced and
which shall be necessary to complete the same '
Mr. PRESTON moved an amendment, to tx\
empt from duty patntmgs and statuaries., the pro-
ductions ot American artis's abroad; which whs
adopted.
Mr EVANS moved lu strikeout "clovei" from
the free article*, which "?'as adop'eJ.
Mr. WOODBURY moved 10 strike out the fifth
8ec ion of the bill, which was car
Mr. W. moved an amendment     Itvy a duty of
twenty per cent, on low priced wools; which was
rejee'ed.
Mr. W. offered an amendment providing that
when wool of different qualities is imported in the
same package, and any part is worth more than
eight cents per pound, that part shall pay a duty of
twenty per cent ad valorem; which was adopted.
Mr. KER moved an amendment providing that
circulating libraries which are net incorporated
shall have the same privilege of importing books
free of duty as incorporated associations for literary
purposes have; which was rejected.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved a provision to ad-
mit free of duty books for Slate or legislative li-
braries; which was rejected.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to insert "grease"
among the fiee articles. He presented a letter,
which was read, showing the great importance
and extensive use of this article m the manufacture
ofsoap
After some conversation, the amendment was
rejected—yeas 17, nays 29.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE  OF REPRESENTATIVES
Momiat September 6, 18-11
The loumalof Satuiday having been read—
Mr   BR1GGS moved that it be so coneited as to conform
to the fact, that the resolution of Mr I C Clark in relation to
stationery was so modified on his (Mi   B's) suggestion as to
piovide that no fuitherstationeiy should be purchased until af
ter the meeting of the next session of Congiess, and not until
after the select committee shall have reported, as erroneously
stated on the Juui na!
And the louinal, having been thus amended, was approved
Mi IRVIN fiom the Committee on Enrolled Bills repotted
that the committee had eximmedthebiillo provide for placing
the Statute of Washington by Gienough in the lloiundoof the
Capitol, and the bill gn mg the franking puvilege to tie wi
dow of the late President ot the United States, General VVm
H Harrison, and had found the same to he correct
Whereupon the said bills received the signature of the
Speakel.
Mr. IONES of Virginia asked the consentof the House to be
allowed to offei ceitxni ils lutions adopted by a large and it
spectable inept ma of the Drmoeialic party of the county nl
Amelia in the Sta eof Vngima
Mr J said that, msubmitliugthesciesolutions, he would for
bear to present, in detail, the opinions entertained by the meet
in2 upon the impoitant subiects that had engaged the attention
of Congress at this extiaotdmary session, but would content
himself with sayn r in it r early the whole batch of measures
wmchhadhpen m reduced and acted upon at the piosent ses
sion received their decided ( ondemnation
1 hat the veto ofthe Bank bi II by the President was regarded
by the meeting as indicative of a detei mica ion on his part to
oonducthis \ymimstration mconfoimity with the true pnnci
pies ofthe Constitution, as understood and hitherto expounded
by himself, m common with the fath rs ofthe Republican par-
ty and in sustaining these principles they tendered to the Pre-
sident their cordial co operation and support
The meeting also tendered their than'cs to the Republican
paity in Congiess, and to the Republican portion of the Whig
pai ty, for then able and pamotic defence of the true principles
of the Constitution
The resol itions we! e received and laid upon the table.
Mi TAT IAPERRO asked leave tooffsra resolution (which
was read for information,  but amongst so much noise that the
Reporter could scarcely hear any thing of it)  allowing bit
peasatmn to William ¡Smith, the contestant of the seat of Mr
Limn Banks, &c
Objection being made the lesnlution was not received
On motion of Mr DAWSON, ceitam papers relating to tlie
cise of Lieut  Murray weie withdrawn from the files of the
House
Mr SFMMrRS, chan man of the select committee hereto-
fore appomtel on the contingent expenses of the House, re
porte llhe following resolution
RevAred, Ihatthesppcialcommutee'apooiiited to investí
gale the expenditures fi om the contingent fun 1 of the TIou=e o(
Representatives have leave to lepolt by bill Ol othei wise at the
next session «fCongress
Ml S said 111 u he fcltit due totbe membei«of the commit
tee to s ate, that n ^mediately after the adoption of the lesolu
tion under which tl ey weie appointed they enteiedupon Hie
discharge ofthe duties assigned them C imnninications were
adlresscdto the ev<rd imoeis of the House bavins control,
either du ectly or lnduectly of 'he ronttngm fund and their an
svursto van oís i tenogaones v\ue lequned Th*1 exami
nation" in the C elk's Oibiewere latonous and n uch time
was necessai v to the preparan ni of Ihe tahulat mi rmation
called foi hy the committee When the Clerk s report was
leceived nv the commi lee, the session ofthe House had so
far piogitssedas to pistily the beliel ofan early adjouinn ent,
leaving to ihe committee not sulficien time for such an mies
ligation ofthe mattei submitted to them as would be satNlac
tory to themselves oi to the House He himself had been con
stantlv engaged on the Committee of Elections and his col
leagues on the Committee ot Investigation had also been em
barrassedby then lawrson other committees Had they, how
ever, supposed that the «e sion of Congress would have con
tinned to the present time, thev would have endeavtiedn
have reported fullvim this impoitant subject The resolution
now offUed, he said simply proposed the continuance ovei of
tl e committeeuntil the next session, in ordei that they might
leport All the materials were m possession ofthe committee
and all they wished was time to fit it for the action of tha
Mr S said the commutes had found the neldm which they
had been engaged an ample one, imperiously lequinng the
haría of .ttMuChnantaiid iswrui    The expenditure!, from She
contingent fund had been in many respects wasteful and extra-
vagant, and he hoped all would unite m correcting them. As
to the stationery furnished for the use of the Hoviae, much dif-
ference of opinion existed in relation to the best mode of pro-
viding and distributing itamongthe members Some were 10
favor of cutting it off altogether, and leaving the member  of
the House to furnish themselves Others preferred supplying
a fixed and limited quantity, while some proposed paying to
each member a specific sum, in money, by way of commuta-
tion, m lieu of stationery These various schemes would all
be duly considered by the committee, should the present reso-
lution be adopted, and some permanent and useful reform, as
he hoped, be concurred m That the House might see that re*
form in this department was needed, he would, without going
into details, call its attention to the following statement of ex-
penditures from the contingent fund, as to the two articles of,
printing and stationery, for the last, three Congresses
Twenty fourth Congress, 1836 andVSSH.
Printing                     .....$148,288 39
Stationery......24,127 47
«172,41086
Twnty fifth Congress, 1838 and 1839.
Printing                                           -          -          - «217,684 44
Stationery......73,486 86
«291,171 30
Twenty sixth Congress, 1840, and to 31si May, J841
Printing      -          -                      ...    $99,664 40
Stationery    ......      68,506 76
«168,171 16
As a part of the stationery expenditures of the 25th Congress,
Mr S stated, the committee had found the following among
other items
83,700 quills......«3,953 12
4Si gioce steel pens -                                                  4,569 39
15 barrels of ink.....528 50
Making pens formembers      -        "-          -           -     476 25
Mr S stated the estimate furnished by the Clerk of the
House to the Committee oí Ways and Means of the expenses
for stationery foi the next session was «15,000, which was a
great leduction, though he thought still too high The resolu-
tion adopted on Satui day loibid the Clerk to purchase any papar
until aftei the commencement ofthe next session, and he hoped
the committee would be able to make full report before any
lutther purchase would be necessary
Mi WVTTERSON moved to amend the resolution by add
mg theieto the following instructions
" \nd that said oommi'tee be instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety ol dnecting the postmaster of the House to keep the sta-
toneiy account of every member during each session of Con.
giess "
Mr S then a cepted the insti uctions offered by Mt Watter-
so\T as a modification of his own resolution
s?ome conversation followi d, in which Messrs BRIGGS, W.
W IRWIN, and McKAY participated
When the question was taken, and the resolution, as modified,
was adopted
CONTESI'ED ELECTION FROM FLORIDA.
Ml HALS I ED, chairman ol the Committee un Elections,
desired to inquire of the Delegate from Flonda(Mr LÉvy)whe
thei ho had made his election to be heard by counsel    If so, Mr.
H desiredto offer a resolution
[Note—The question imolved in this case is, whether Mr.
Ievy, the sitting Weh gate from Flonda, is under any law or
tieaty a citizen ofthe United States
On this puiut, Mi Hai s i*,u, fiom the Committee of Elections,
had neittuf nemade a tepoit, which concludes with the follow-
ing resolution
' Resolved, That David Levy, Esq is not a citizen of the
United States, in pmsiianceoi any law or treaty thereof, and
that, therefore, the said David Levy, Esq is not entitled to a
seat in the House of Repiesentative  as Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Florida to the 27th Congress ' ]
Mi LEVY said he was not m the House on Satuiday when
the resolution taxing this as the day for ihe trial of his right was
adopted He had been accidentally absent He had been in-
firmed by the foreman of the printing establishment at which
the leport and documents had been printed, that they would
not be laid on the tables ofthe members until eleven o'clock on
Satuiday lie (Mr L ) h id, then foie not been in great haste
to inch the House, wheie lie chanced to anive a few minutes
aftei theiesilu ion had been adopted He would like to have
had an opportunity ol being hedidas, to whethei there was any
nei essuy lor fixin0 on so immediate a day fm a decision He
asked the iltei tu n ol the House to his ease It was one of deep
i npoitance 11 himself, peisonally and politically, and one
which he could not readily believe this House would press so
lurshlj to a decision It was his intention to ask the House to
postpone the consideration ofthe case until the next session of
Coronas, for iea*ons which be should now proceed to state,
i d which it seemed to him what no just mind and nojfeeling
heait conM Hsist
Mi L tnui went at length Into a statement of his reason  for
•fc.km.2iiM | islionei ent He was very imperfectly heard by
the R. loiter thro J hotitthe whole of them, but a general idea
ol thin pt ipoit may be gatlieied liom what follows
Tin committee, be said, propo od not only to v acate h a
scat hutiinU. itioiiiliz" him and pl->oe him beyond the paleof
thei s>cie,v, tt thrust mm foi ih on the wide world without al-
¡"giirci t y wneie-—wilhout union v-ithany community—to
leave him will out lie fellowship of  oy social compact on
eutli This was i it a pioceedmg winch this House should
auu, t las'iiv, it was not a pioceedmg which should be adopted
I a. ily oi without dcliboiation and a full conviction of its ne-
cessity                                                    ,                            ,.. .
Mi L 'contended, in the first place, that no action should take
place now because vie were at the ht,e] of an exhausting summer
e^ion when tbere was great indifference as to what was go
in  on, andgieatnrpatience to return home And the case
wis one requiring the calmest deliberation—involving, as it
hd, notonh questions of (act, but principles of the deepest ím-
pm a ce, not onlytolim and the people he represen'^, butto
the cause of good government m the nation
Trom his eaillest youth he had been amongst us and one of
us He came here to represent the people ot Honda, elected
dul> and indisputably to represent them He could not per-
mit the case to pass without making every effoi(. which justice
mi'ht lequire to sustain hi  rights He came here restmgupon
theik.aaon <Hiujudgmcmiolouroyin courts arid officers, *
