CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*        __________        435
.......     ■■        ......*     ■                              ■                                                -                                                                       ""     ...... 
1790—before she got down to five pounds, and
afterwards to two pounds, and to one pound; and
irons that time the specie basis was displaced, tbe
currercy convulsed, and the banks suspending and
breaking The Government indemnified itself, in
a small degree, for the mischiefs of the pest ferous
currency which it had authorized, and the extract
which he was about to read was the history of the
taxation on the Bank of England notes, which,
commencing at the small composition of ¿£12,000
per annum, now amounts to a large proportion of
the near four milhons of dollars which the paper
¡system pays annually to the British Treasury He
read
The CankofFn^land till lately,! as always been particu
larly favoiedin the cnnposition which they paid for stamp du
ties In 1791 they paid acomp isition of $ 12 000 pei annum
m lieu of all stami s, eithei on bills'or notes In 1799 on an in
rie^ae ftünfctamp luty, their c mposition was advanced to
£20 000 andan utdt on of ±,i 000 for notes issued undei £o
rake I the whole to í H 000 In 180-1 an addition of not less
than 50 pel cer t w ifa made to the stamp duty but although
the Hank cnculat on ol no e? under j£5 had increased from one
anda half to four and a half m Uions the whole composition
was only la eel from JE24 000 to J632 0UO In lf08 there was a
fur her mere t,e o 33 j ei cent to the stimp duty at which
time the composition was raised from JE32000 to ¿42 000
In bot i these instances the increase was not in proportion
e/en to tile increase of duty and no allowance whatever was
made foi the mcieaae in the amount of the bank circula
tlon
It was rot till the session of 1815 on a further increase of
the stamp duty that the new principle was established, and
the Bank compelled to pay a composition in some propomon to
the amount of their cnculation The composm nisnow fixed
as follows Upon the average circulation of the preceding year,
the Lank is to pay at the rate of £3 600 per million on then
tggre^ate circulation without reference to the diflerent classes,
i id value of their notes The establishment of this principle,
t is calculate 1 caused a saving to the public, m the years 1815
an 1 loI6 of ±70 000 By the neglect of this pimciple which
ougnt to 1 ave been adopted m 1799 Mi Ricardo estimated the
public to have been toners an 1 the Bank consequently gamers,
of ni lessasumthan halfannlhon sterling ($25 OwO')
Mr. B remaikect briefly upon the equity of this
tax, the simplicity of its levy since 1815, and its
large product He deemed it the proper model to
be followed in Use Umtec States,, unless we shtuid
go on the principle rf copying all ihat was en!,
«nd rejecting ill that was good in the British paper
system We bo rowed the bankmg system from
the English, with al its foreign vices, and then
added others of our own to ¡t. England has sup-
preyed the pesalence of notes under ¿£5, (near $35,)
we retain smad notes down to a dollar, and thence
to the fractional parts of a dollar. She has
taxed all notes; and those under ¿£5 she taxed
h gnest whi'e she had them, we, on the contrary,
tax none The additional tax of ¿£4,000 on the
notes under ¿£5, rested on the fair principle of tax-
ing higaest that which was most profitable to the
owner, and m^st injurious to tbe country. The
small notes fell within that category, snd therefore
pail lushest
Having thus snowa that bank circulation was
now taxed in Great Britain, and had been for fifty
fearb, Mr B proceeded to show that it had also
been ta^ed ir the United S ate= Tms was in the
yeai 1813, and for four years thereafter In the
rconth of August of the year 1813, a stamp act
was passed, applicable to banks and to bankers, and
taxing ¡hem m the three great branches ol their
bu^neas, to u i the circulation, the discounts, and
tbe bib1? of exchange On the circulation, the tax
c mnipnced «* one cent on a one dollar note, and
rose graouai y to fi/ty dollars on notes exceeding
one thousand d l'ars, w th the privilege of com-
pound ng foi a gro s sini m lieu ot the duty On
the discounts, the tax begun at five cents on notes
di counted for one hundred doi'ars, and rcse gradu-
ally to five dollars on noteo of eight thousand dol-
lat and upvard  On I ills of exchange, it b«gan
at five cents on b l's of filty dollar, and rose Its
fiv? dollars oj. those of aiht thousand dollars and
up /ards.
Suca vas the t-x (coutmued Mi B ) which the
moneyed interest, emplosed in banking, was re-
quu\a to raí m 1813, and which it continued to
p^y uní 11817 in ihat>ear the banks were re-
lea ed from taxat en, wh, e taxes ws-e continued
upoiahth comfor*s and necessaries of life Taxes
ar° now coriinu d upon articles of prime neces
■utj—ipon «ait even, ard t' e qdes'ion w.ll now go
belore the Senate and country, whether the banking
interest, vhich has now grown so rich and
powerful—which monopolizes the money of the
countrj ~-beards the Government—-makes distress
or prospeuty when it pleases—the question is now
come whether this interest shall continue to be ex-
empt from tax, while every thing else has to
pay.
Mr. B said he did not know how the banking
interest of the present day would relish a proposi-
tion to make them contribute to the support of the
Government. He did not know how they would
take it, but hf did know how a banker of the old
school—one who paid on sight, according to pro-
mise, and never bioke a promise to the holder of
his notes, he did know how such a banker viewed
the act of 1813, and be would exhibit his behavior
to the Senate he spoke of the late fcrEPHEN Gi-
rard of Philadelphia, and he would let him speak
for himself, by reading some passages from a peti-
tion, which lie planted to Congress the jear after
the tax on bank notes was laid.
(Mr B here lead a memoria'from Mr Girard
m 1814, in which he expressed his readiness to
bear his proportion of t^e bubnc hardens by pay-
ing taxes on the bank notes which he issued, and
only a^ked for the «ame privilege of compounding
for the tax which was granted to incorporated
banks. He showed lhat he would pay ten thousand
dollars per annum on every million of his circula-
tion, while the chartered banks would compound
for a much less sum He prayed to be admitted to
compound in the same manner )
Mr. B having read these passages from Mr Gi-
rard'á memorial", went on to say I have referred
to this memorial, Mr. President, for the purpo e
of showing, first, the readiness which an honorable
and patriotic banker of the old school paid the
taxes which the Government imposed upon his
business, and, next, to show the very considerable
amount of tax, amounting as it did to ten thousand
dollars on the mil'i n of circulation AH this,
with the additional amount on the discounts and
on the bills of exchange, Mr Girard was very
willing to pay, proviued all pail alike In thit,
as m all the business of his life, he was the model
whirh later bankets should follow
Mr B hav ng vindicated the amendment which
he offered on the authority of British and Ame-
rican precedent, as well as on the e*t of reason and
principle, went on to state its details, and to show
the probable amount which the tax on bank notes
would produce. He stated that he proposed a lax
of one per centum per annum on the notes of
twenty dollars, and upward5, of two per centum on
the noies of five dollars, and under twenty, and
four per centum on the notes under tbe denominaron
of five dollars This he held to be a more moderate
tax than that imoosed spot! the banking interest by
the act of 1813, for, while it taxed the circularon
somewhat higher than was done by hat act, yet it
taxed nothing but the circulation Tbe discounts
and bills of exchiEge were not ircloded He jus-
tified the higher tax placed on the small bills for
the same reason which occasioned them to be more
highly taxed in Great Britain, when notes under
five pounds were tolerated there, nameiy, because
these srnail notes sere more profitab'e to the Bank
than the larger ones, and therefore could afford
to pay higher, and were mure inj mou>. to the
country, and therefore, ought to pay h gher
To collect this 'ax Mr B s-id hts bill followed
the plan wnich had been pur ued in England sine*
the year 1815, that is, to require the banks and
other corporations, and the md viduals and com-
panies which issued paper money, to give in to
the clerk ef the United States Di.tnct Court the
average of the circulation for the first thtee quar
ters oí the year, and an estimate for the fourth
quarter, upon wbiih the marshal oi tbe district
should make tbe collee ion of the tax, under the
mnructi ns of tbe Sec etary of fre Trea ury He
h ld this to be a cheap, efficient, aui simple me-
thod of collecting the tax It avade! ail the oo-
jections which app led to a stamp duty obj°cticns
so great that, both in England and America, while
a stamp duty was nominally impo ed, a com-
po i ton so f«r below the duty wis permitted,
that the onty uaj a'ways compounded for a gross
sum
The product of the tax was the pomt to which
Mr B next adverted He said the product would
be la-ge, and well worth the trouble and expense
of collecting it On the present circulation of about
one hundred millions of dollar , of which more
than the one half might be assumed to be of notes
under twenty dollars, and therefore paying the
higher tax, the product would not be less than
one and a half millions of dollars pec annum.
But the paper system is now in a state of depres-
sion. It was depressed to make "distress" for the
Presidential election of 1840. The explosion of
gambling and insolvent banks, has depressed it
still further; but expansion will follow contraction,
and the circulation will soon swell out again to
make plunder for speculators. In 1837, the bank
circulation was one hundred and forty millions.
The Sab Treasury being now repealed, and paper
money again made the currency of the Federal
Government, the bank circulation will again swell
to its highest point of distension—probably attain an
hundred and fifty, or two hundred millions, and
the tax would then yield something like two oi
three m 1 ions of dollars per annum. The collec-
tion of tms sum from the banking mtereit would
not only be just in itself, but would have the bene-
ficial effect of enabling Congress to dispense with
some of the taxes now levied, or to be levied, on
articles of necessity and comfoit.
Having made this exposition of his amendment
as a revenue measure—as a measure purely and
simply intended to raise revenue from the moneyed
interest employed in banking. Mr. B. said there
was an additional feature in the amendment which
he had not yet mentioned, anl which he should
now proceed to develope. This feature was the
annual progressive increase of the tax on srnail
notes—those under the denomination of twenty
dollars—which he had nserted in the amendment;
and the motive for which increase he would now
state The amendment, as already explained to
the Senate, proposes a higher tax on the small
notes tlun on the large ones. This was done on
the fair revenue principle before stated, and which
was acted on in England when the circulation of
small notes was permitted there Bat in addition
to this higher tax on such notes, an annual in-
crease is proposed to be added to it until the whole
Ux amounts to twelve per centum per annum.'
This increase was not intended solely for revenue,
but partly to effect the gradual suppression of these
notes. This was the motive for the increase, and
the amendment was so drawn as to present this
additional tax as a separate clause, and as claim-
ing from the Senate a distinct and separate consi-
deration The provis on was, that notes of five
dollars, and under twenty, should pay one per
entran per annum additional tax, and those under
five dollars should pay two per centum per annum
additional, until the tax on each amounted to
twelve per centum This additional tax annually
increasing, would gradually bear down these notes,
put an end to their circulation m the lapse of some
j ears, supplying revenue in the mean time.
Mr B said, this is the object of the second part
of the amendment, and a beneficial and laudable
object it is Small noti s are the curse and pesti-
lence of the country. They are the bane of cur-
rency, the fraud of circulation, and the oppression
of ttie laboring part of the community. The voice
of a ci ntme it execrates them, but the power of the
banks forces them upon the country. Every body
prays for their suppression, except the few who
feed anu faUen upon this iniquitous trash. All
good men wan' it suppressed. Well, here is a
way to suppress it, and to make the suppression
bo h universal and efficient. There is no difficulty
about it The mode has often been suggested on
th s floor, and now is the time to adopt it. Its ori-
gin, so far as Mr. B. was informed, belongad to
Mr Gallatin He had long since proposed this tax
upon small notes, as the means of suppressing
them, and shewed both the efficiency and the consti-
tutionality of the remedy. Mr B. here read ex-
ti acts from Mr. Gallatin's essay upon currency in
1830 as follows
We have already adverted to the provisions of the Const!
tution which declare that no State shall either com money,
emit bills of credit, make any thing but gold and silver rom a
tender in payment of debts or pass any law impairing the
obligation of contracts, and which vest in Congress the exclu
sive power to com money and to regulate the value thereof;
and of foreign com        "                                     Congress
has the power to lay stamp duties on notes, on bank notea^
