CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S?
provision in such cases would be to make the bur-
din fj.il <>u the importer; and be asked if it was
right to break up a well-pLnned enterprise which
the pirate and tempest hid =p>red?
The qtiettton «as then taken on the amend-
ment ot Mr. (. alhoun to the amendment, and de-
cid  d iti the negative, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Be.iton, Baehanan, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Linn, Mcutoa, Sturgeon, Wal-
ker, and Wright— 9.
NAYá—Mi-sars. Alien, Archer, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Ctioate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Pulton, Graham, Huntington,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moi-ehead, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of In-
diana, Sou.hard, Tadmadge, White, Woodbury,
and Young—28,
Mr BATES then moved an amendment which
provi led that ths act should not take effect on
goods shipped from ports eastward ef the Cape of
Good Hope, and beyond Cap i Horn, in vessels
waieh had left their last ports of lading previous to
the flr-t of Au°u t last.
M . CALHOUN proposed that the tine should
be extended to vessels Irom ports south of the equa-
tor. This would apply to the South Acensan and
Afncai trade, and all the arguments m iavor of
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
would apply to this.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky spoke it opposition to
the motion of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. CILHOUN sad b.2 supposed hs amend-
ment would fail. The mercantile interest have no
rep'esenutive on this floor. The tariff ínteres is
represented; the bmktngmteres' is representad; the
corporate in erct is represents, and the agricultu-
ral interest is blightly represented, but the merchant
is without a representative on this floor.
Th-amendment of Mr. Calhoon was lost, and
the ame^ment of Mr. Batts was adopted.
The amendments to the bill were then ordered
tobe engioised, and the bill ordered to a third
repdtrg.
Tne hill from the House, making appropriations
for fortifications on S aten island, New Yo'k, was
read a tirst and second time by its title, and refer-
red ¡o tae Committee on Military Affairs.
Tne amended bill from the House of Represen-
ta'ive^malttngapprepnatiOBsforthprepairingof the
Potomac Bridge, was taken up; and, on motion ef
Mr. MERRICK, the amendment was concurred
in, and the bill passed.
T. e bill making appropriation for the payment
of diplomatic agents, which had been discussed
durug he morning hour, was taken up; the ques-
tion pending being the motion of Mr. Mangdm to
s rike out the salary and outfit of a Cha'ge to Na
p'es.
Oi 'hismotion a debate ensued, in wh'ch Messrs.
BAÍTA PLAY, WALKER, CIAY of Alabama,
aod HIVES participated; when the question was
¡.-ken, and decided in the affirmati/e—yeas 23,
nays 13
M . SEVÍER then moved to reduce the salaries
oí tie i ii'fit of the M nisters to Madrid and Brazil
to that f,{ Charge?.
On ,v < * nronors a very liiforesting debate ensued,
in w ¡. a Me-sr, SEVIER, BUCHANAN,
ARCHER, and RIVE'S parfepated; vhen. the
questi-i vas taicnsepu.a>il/ oa Sppm and Brazil,
and Etv -<tHy decided ,i\ the negative.
Mr. BUCHANAN then proved to reduce the
amoum in the bill from i> xt/-*hrce thousand dol-
lar   to fittt-ej<r.hl; winch moUon was adop ed
Mr. TALLMADGE then moved to amend the
hill by adjiBg to the -.em- an ¿¡iowance of three
month-' pay to the tffieeio cf the two Houses of
Cenare--, to the messengers, p?ge<;, &c. which mo-
tion was ad"pted; when thy amendn'onts were or-
dete 1 to be eng-os'-ed, md tne bill pa<-¡ ed.
The amendments to the Revsr.no bill having
beenengio ted,it wps returned to the S.nste, and
on ne que ti  n shall ihib t>>ll pa«s?
Mr. WRIGHT said: Mr President, am I in
order? Has the Cha.r so ^stated the question as to
authorise me to speak? I then feel bound to say
that I am glad to meet this bill here, in this shape,
and on this hour of this dsy. We are now consi-
derably advanced in the ionttb. month of an ex-
traordinary session of Congress, and no man upon
this floor is more anxious to bring the session to a
close than I am. I am tired and worn out, and
wish to see the day when we may be permuted to
return to our homes. I will not, therefore, spend
the time of the Senate, or give occasion for debate,
farther than I am compelled to do so. I cannot
vote for this bill, although it purports to be a bill
to raise supplies for the support of the Government.
I must ask the Senate to iavor me with the ayes
and noes upon the vote, and must vote against tt.
Hence the compulsion I am under to assign the
reasons for that vele, and in doing so I have limit-
ed myself to a few moments.
Wh&t is the condition of the body, and how are
we assembled here? Under an extraordinary call
of the President of the United States, since de-
ceased, and worn out by our almost constant ses-
sions. Why were -we called in this most extraor-
dinary manner and time? As we understood, to
rai*e means to carry on the Government of the
United Stales, under the new Administration,
until a regular session of Congress should inter-
vene.
What has been the history of this called ses-
sion? The first important measure which met the
approbation of this body, and became a law, was
a bill to loan, by the creation of a funded debt,
twelve millions of dollars to supply the Treasury
and carry on the Government. That bill passed,
against my vote, it is true, but it did pass and is
now the law of the land.
What was the next important measure? A bill
to incorporate a National Bank. This occupied a
large portion of the first thrie months of the ses-
sion, but as it had no immediate connection with
the supply of means to the Treasury, it was im-
pertinent to the bill now under consideration,
and I will not consume time by a remark
about it.
Then cams the third great measure in the series;
and what was that? A bill to give away one great
and permanent source of our revsnue to the States
of the Union; to distribute to them the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, regardless of ths con-
dition of the Treasury. It seems to be conceded
on all hands that that measure will take an average
of three millions! of dollars from the Treasury in
every year after the present. There has been some
question about the precise amount. Some have
conjectured it would be less than three millions per
annum, and others have thought it would be much
more; but the average of all the calculations, as
well as of the experience of the pa>t, will show it
to be equal to at least that sum. That bill has be-
come a law, and is to be carried into effect, if the
means of the Treasury will permit.
Now comes the fourth great measure, in the
shape of the bill before u', a bill to impose taxes
upon the people; for what? To raise revenue to
carry on this Government, and meet its expenses?
No, sir; but to p'aee in the Treasury money to
meet the distribution to th" States, when that three
millions of dollars shall be called for.
And under what circumstances is this extraordi-
nary call to impo e taxes made? When our na-
tional finances, without regard to the pioposed dis-
tribution, ar° m a hea'thiul state? No, sir, no.
The honorable chiirman of the Committ"e on Fi-
nance tells us, and he io th  authoritative organ of
the Government m this matter foi this body, that
we shall have a deficit of iair revenue, at the close
of this p^esent year, of sixteen millions of dollars.
This must be irrespective of the distribution,because
that is not to commence until the next year; and
yet that same honorable gentleman, upon a former
occasion, distinctly declared in. his place, that the
duties under this bill were to be arranged with ex-
press reference to the proposed distribution.
When the loan bill was here, we charged that
the money was to be borrowed for the purpose of
distribution to the States, and therefore we were
bound to oppose it. The answer was a distinct
denial of our cliarge, and the declaration I have
repeated, that wien the duty bill should come up,
provision, was to be made, by the arrangement of
the duties, to meet the deficiency in the Treasury,
to be caused by the withdrawal of the land reve-
nue for the use of the separate States of the Union
Now we have the duty bill, and the question is,
shall it pass? Can I, after this history of our do-
ing , and this declaration of the object for which
the tares are to be imposed, sav ay, and not di-
rectly iavor th« dis nbu'ion bill? No, sir, I cannot,
and thereüore I cannot vote for the bill, and only
desire the opportunity to record my vote against it.
I can never vote taxes to raise money for such a
purpose; and while the majority shall choose to
pursue such a policy, and so to combine their mea-
sures of legislation to reach it, I can never vote
supplies at all.
No member of the body is more ready than I
will be found to be to vote all proper supplies for
the necessary expenses of this Government, but
when money is to be raised by incteased taxation
for objects not connected with the operations of
this Government, I cannot give my vote for the
law which is to impose the taxes, whatever other
worthy objects may be incorporated in the same
bill. I will not, Mr. President, detain the Senate
to add a word more upon this important measure.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky replied to Mr. Wr>«ht
at length, and in the course of his remarks, said
the honorable Senator had not observed bis usual
accuracy in enumerating either the order of the
important business of the Senate, at the present
session, or the measures which had been acted
upon. The Sub-Treasury law, the idol measure
of the Senator, had been repealed, and the Bank-
rupt bill had passed, a measure which the consti-
tuents of the Senator, more than those of any Se-
nator fiom any other State in the Union, desired
and demanded, and yet for that be had not voted.
He closed by taying, let the Senator go home and
meet, if he can, those constituents, after hazing
voted against that great measuie, and now against
granting supplies to cairy on the Government.
Mr. WRIGHT rejoined, that in making the
enumeration of measures which he had made in
his former remarks, his intention had been to con-
fine himself to those which affected the state of
the Treasury; but as he had so far deviated from
his own rule, as to have mentioned the Bank,
the correction of the Senator was appropriate and
deserved. In relation to his vote upon the final
passage of the Bankrupt bill, he had not felt, and
did not new feel, that assurance which he al-
ways desired, shat he had acted in con-
formity with the feelings and wishes of hig
respected constituents; but in reference to that
great measure, after an abundant opportunity for
examination and refl-ction, he had taken that
course, and given that vote, whi-h he deliberately
believed his duty and their true interests required
him to give. To them he was responsible lor the
act, and to their decision upon hi* course, be
would most cheerfully submit himself.
As to the honorable Senator's commentary upon
the vole he was abou   to give against this tax bill,
he had bu' a single remark to make.    The Sana-
tor had told him to go home and meet those con-
stituents, it be could.    That he was most anxious
to do, and to be permit'ed that inestimable privi-
lege,   at an eaily day, he had consented to meet
th.s great and grave question at this late hour, and
in this summaiy manner.    He had, upon repeated
occasions, met ihe rebukes of mobe intelligent and
patriotic constituent , and never, he was bound to
presume, \ihe*i he did not richly deserve them; and
he had sometimes enjojed iheir appiobation.     He
was anxious to meet them row, and would cheer-
fully abide their verdict upon this vote.   What
was the question presented to him, and upon which
he most vote?     It was whether he should assume
to exercise the taxing powers of this Government
to take money from their pockets to pay the debts of
their State.   This was the true question, in the sim-
plest form in which it could be s aled. These consti-
tuents had eonferred upon him no such power. They
had sent mm. here for no such purpose    Their
own Legislature, chosen directiy by themselves,
possessed that power, and should exercite it, if tt
was to be exercised; and never should he attempt
its exercise here, under any form, or in, any con-
nection, until his constituents had conferred upon
him power which he did not now hold by their da-
legation, and had no right to exert for or against
tbera.   And yet he was hap^y to say to th« bobo-
