CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
ing to milliODS of dollars, had been made with
special reference to the Eastern and Northern
States, the Atlantic seaboard, and he wou'd add
the lakes, although it was like drawing teeth to get
any thin  for the lakes. Honever, such was the
part'al character of the>e grants, and not one ap-
propriation had been nude for the protection of the
Wes'ern frontier. Not a dollar had been appro-
priated for the defence of the region to which wasdne
a double debt of protec ion. Itv,as to relieve the East-
ern and Northern Siates lrom ibe ¡nto erable burden
whtch they groaned, when oppressed with their
Iman tribes, that permission was given them to
place these tribes beyond the Western frontier; and
now that these States are relieved from a savage
population, the dangers from which they cou'd
not themselves endure, they view with heartless
ind,fference the dangf-rs they have emailed upon
ftllow-cit zens, tne settlers oí the Far West. In-
stead oí justice, or a disposition to pay even a por-
tion of this double debt, the claim of the Wat
fa Us mdis-patable right will hardly be listened
to. He had, not, however, risen on the present
occasion to preas that subj ct, because a ugular
seision of Congress wai at hand, and he should
take good care that the rights ot the region
of country in which he resided should
not be neglected. But his object at present was,
to second the amendment of his friend from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Sevier ] and he did hope, if there
was fattbin man—if there were justice and patrio-
tism yet in spirit as well as in name, that this
amendment will be adopted wt'hout a dis<entmg
ví ice Gentleman from the Eastern States should
re"ollect that it was for their relief, and for their
exemption from dangf r, thit these Indian tribes
were placed upon the Wes em border; and would I
they now tamely look on and deny the protection
of one garrison to save the «rvsand dangl ters
of the western se'tlers, from the scalping km'e
aid tomahavk of these savages'? Gentlemen
seemed to thifck the ficquent applications of the
West for protection, irksome; out why did they
saddle the West with this Indian population, with-
out at the same time providing adequate defence
for that frontier? This they owed as a common
act of iistice. Now that the danger had become
mtoleraole.upon what grounds can they deny the
necessary protectiOL? He hoped this appropria-
tion, at least, would not be withheld It was a mat-
t'r of national importance as well a? l^cal protection.
There was no conting«rcy growing < at of the deli-
cate nature of our ioreign rel tions that w,is Dot in
its probable effects likely to affect the whole Union
by what might occur on the Western frontier, as
well as by what might occur on the lake shores or
the seaboard. The subsidizing and employment of
those Indian tribes by a foreign enemy would open
a road for invasion and devastation ot the mo«t
alarming character. If it was important to pur-
chase and repair the old forts of SUten Island,
which he should vote for, it was no less important
that this appropriation should bs made for Fort
Gibson, tie would therefore vote for the amend-
ment, a^d then for the bill.
Mr SEVIER contended that it was of the first
necessity toat thr¡ appropriation s1 oald be now
made f"i Port Gibson, and, m confirmation of this,
referred to the report of the Secretary of War.
Mr. PULTON showed that the p isilioi of Port
Gibson, suuaied tevtral hundred n.il-<¡ in advsnee
of 'Ue Western settlements, ard particularly of Ar-
kansas, was of the utmost importance. It was the
only ¡ort oí consequence m that vast region It
was one vh'ch th" Go/ernment was bound to keep
up; and if that was not done, v. tt> a lufheient force
to command the respect oi the ind aps, it would be
of uttle use.
Mi KING did not rise to oppose the amend
ment, out simply to call back ihe Senate to the
original qutstit n, that of the propmty of repair-
ing the foris on yutea ísUnd, undfr the cirenm-
stan-e  ot d' ubt ¡is to thr title of the United States
to the property in vfae >  te He wo i)d inquire of
thechanman of'he Committee on Military Af-
fairs, whether it was intended to recommend this
appropriation, notwithstanding the deputed title?
Mr. WRIGHT explained that there was nothing
to dispute about: all that had been adjusted by the
negotiation between the General Government and
the State of New York. All that was recessary
was to appropriate the sum asr? ed upon to be paid
to the State ot New York fof the site.
Mr PRESTON explained hi  view of the point
of difference, but feared, from present appearances,
that if the b.li was now persisted ¡n, there wtuld
be no end to the amendments which would be of-
fered to it, probably swelling the whole appropria-
tion past a million of dollars; a thing which, in the
present state of th« Treasury, he could not sanc-
tion.
Mr HUNTINGTON said that, unde* all the
circumsiances, he would renew his amendment,
modifying it, that the bill be laid on the table till
the first Monday in December next.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and na>s;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 19, na\s
21; and so the amendment to lay on the table did
not prevail.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that a portion of
the appropriation be applied for the purchase
the sites of Forts Richmond and Tompkins, and
of batteries Hudson and Morton on Staten
Island.
After some conversation by various Senators,
fhe amendment of Mr. Wbioht was adopted—yeas
21, nays 17.
The amendment of Mr. SEVIER was then
adopted—i'ti 23, nays 17.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that the further
consideration of the bi'l be postponed  o the fint
Monday in December next. This motion was car-
riel5—yeas 24, nays 21.
Thus the bill was postponed till next session.
Mr BAYARD, from the Select Committee,
appointed on the pait of the Senate in relation to
to an amrndment of the 47 h rule of the Senate,
made a report the'e^n; wh'ch was ordered to be
pr nted.
The report, providing for five Reporters, the
first to receive 60 dollars per week, and the others
50 dollars per week, to be appointed by the Se-
cretary, and to be placed in the Gallery, immedi-
ately over the President's chair, was ordered to be
printed.
The Senate then took up the bill from the House
to repeal a part of the 6th section of the act, en-
titled an act to provide for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy of the United States for the vear
1838, and for ether purposes, passed July 7th,
1838, and to prohibit the mves'ment of the fundi
of toe Um ed States in the stocks of the several
State-.
This bill was amended, so as to strike out all af-
ter the enac'ing clause, and insert:
"That so much orthe 6 h section of the tot to provt le forth*-
suppntt of the Mill -uy Academy of the United States foi 1*333
as r* qmreb'be Secretary ot tlieTreasurv to invent theann„a! in-
terdi accruing ort the i tvestment of the money at l<-'ng from the
bequest of the late Tame* S nllhson, of I ondoo, in the storks of
the States, be and the nine is heteby repealed, and the Secreta
ry of the Treasury shan invest said accruing interest in any
st >ck of the United S'ates, bearing a rate of mtei&st not less than
5 percent ptt annum
1 And be it fm thn enacted That all other funds held intrust
by the United Mate^, stud the annual interest actrum^ ttiereon,
when not otherwise rrqnm d by ipaly shad m like manner hp
invented in stock6 of tht. United stales beanng a like rate of m
terest"
Mr. SEVIER made -orne ob«enat one m rela
uon to ¡he amendment not di t ncdy heird m to"
gallery.
Mr. EVANS reirarlf1 'hit ihc repeal affected
that p riiononlyof  h   bill of   33, notch rela'td
to Ü13 investment of the funds of 'he mstitutiir,
and accruing  interest  in Stale stocr«, the ¡nvest-
i   ment to be chindo i to United S at s stock
Mr CALHOUN requested the bill and ame.nd-
men's would b* re«i<i
Tne bill w«s then read.
Mr. CALHOUN wished to know what wís to
be done with the funds when there was no United
S'ates «toi>k to be ra< 1 If a'l authority 'o invest
them .md the accruing ívtere-t in other stock, was
reoealed, and there shou d be no Utii'ed States
stock in the market, or in exis'ence, what was to
be doiie with ¡he money?
Mr EVANS replied that all that had been taken
into considera ion in committee, and it was the
unanimous impression that tnere woald be a suf-
ficient supply oí United Sta'es stock in existence
for the next three years at least, and that no dif-
ficulty could arise in that way. If, however, any
difficulty of that nature should arise, provisioa
couid be made by Congress in time to meet it.
Mr. LINN considered the whole thing as a direct
attack upon the credit of the S ates. Here was an
act oí Congress, implying on the very face of it a
discredit of State stocks. Was not tab calculated
to depress State stocks, both in the hotae and fo.
reign markets?
Mr. EVANS observed that it was the standing
of the State stocks in those markets, which had
called for the amendment of the act of 1838.
Mr LINN called the attention of the Senate to
this, fact: that the Democratic party, during the last
political struggle of the party now administering
the Government to get into power, had been slan-
dered, vilified, and abused, with the most unfound-
ed charges of designs to discredit the States of this
Union. The Denocrat.c party had been denounced
from one end of ihe Union to the other for having;
prostrated the whole credit ¡system. They were pro-
nounced traitors to their country, and a continued
stream of vituperation was poured out upon them,
from June, 1839, to the close of the Presidential
election, with a view of enlisting the prejudice* of
every one connected with State stoeks against the
continuation of the Democracy in power. Yet,
what spectacle do we now see presented to the
country? What but that to be expected from the
Whig party, which had so notoriously' proved to
ihe world that their professions out of power were
one thing, and their performances in power quite
another and a different thir g? Now that they have
the first opportunity, they offer the most out-
rageous, treacherous, and fatal stab to the State
stock credit system, that ever was attempted by
any representatives of the people or the States.
But he was glad th" gentleman had shown the
true character of their professions, contrasted with
their performances
Mr. WOOL  BURY considered there were other
things which ought to be taken in view. Be-
sides the fatal stab thus offered to ihe credit of
State stocks, the i istitution itself might be deprived
oí the advantage of investing its funds in stock,
no less secure than United States stock, though
for temporaiy causts depreciated, but sometimes
yielding an opportunity oí purchase at 60 or 65,
when United States stock might be at more than
100
Mr CLAY said the relation between the Go-
vernment and the States, of the latter being debt-
ors to the former, ought always to be avoided; for
what means could be used to coerce the States if
they refnsed to pa)' We had stocks of our own,
m which this trust fund of the Government could
be invested. He should prefer the adoption of this
principle, that in all cases of trust funds, an ac-
count should be opened with the Government of
the United States, and that the fund should be
held in the Treat-ury and it pay an annual interest
on it, un'il its object was accomplished He re-
garded this Smithsonian fund as a sacred trnst
which the Government v.oukl In; bound to restore
if it "hould ever be lost; and that being the case-
rne Government being responsible for them, it
would be belter mat they should remain in the
Treasury, under our charge.
Mr. TAPPAN was unders'ood to concur in this
opinion, a'id after some futtherrem llr  by Messrs.
WOODBURY, CALHOUN, and SEVIER, the
amendmfnt vías engrossed, the bill read a third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, jUtitle was amend-
ed so as to be m effect "an act to repeal a part of
the 6*11 section of the act for  ihe support of the
Military Academy of the United States for  1838,
and for other purposes "
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the bill from the
'   House, "making appropriation for tne purchase of
i   naval ordna'ice, ordnance stores, and other pur-
poses," was taken up.
Mr. MANGUM oifgred an amendment, which
he said had been recommended by the Navy De-
partment, to aád a section to the bill, providing
that tbs Preiident of the United S ales cause sach
increase to be made to the marine baDd, as be shall
deem necessary and proper, to an amount not ex-
ceeding 500 men.
