CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
disposition of the proceeds ofthe0alesof the public lands, as
pio/ided for at the piesent session "
TheamendmentofMi F was agreed to
And the amendment of the Senate, as amended by the House
was by ayes S3, noes 69, agreed to
The amendment of the ¡senate excluding the operation of the
Ml upon vessels coming from the eastward of the Cape of Good
Hope and beyond Cape Horn, which had passed these places
pnoi to the 30th August, coming up—
Mr FILLMORE moved to amend the amendment by limiting
the opeiationof thepiovise to goodsshippedm vessels boundto
any part of the United States  agieed to
And the amendment of the Senate, as amended, was concui
red m.
'Ihe committee then rose and lepotted the bill and amend
menta to the House
And the quesiton being on concurring m the amendments of
the benate, as amended by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr WISE moved to amend the amendments by including
among the list of fiee articles "salt"
Mr oTANLY moved to amend the amendment of Mi Wise,
by adding theieto the articles of "iron, sugar, cotton, and tobac
c >," and moved the previous que&tion
Mi WIfcE acepted the amendment of Mr S as a modifica
tion of his own amendment, and said that he would move a dm
sion, so as to take the question sepaiately on each art'ele
And, on the motion foi the previous question, there v, as a
second
And the mam question (being fust on the modified amend
mentofSfr Wisjf) was ordeied to be taken
Mr WISC asked a division on etch sepaiate article, wnich
wis oidered, and a^ked the yeas andnavs, which were atbo
oidered
And the ques, ion was taken Alston the article ol "salt,"
and was decided m the affirmative, as lollowa—yeaj> 91,
nays 8S
P  A.1 S—Messis Landafi W Andrews, taington, Alherton,
Banks, Ceeson, Bidlack, Bnd=eve, B!a<-k, Boyd, Aaion \
Brown, Burke, William O Butlor, Patuck C Caldwell,
VS B Campbell, Casey Chapman, Clinton, Coles, Ctos ,
Richaid D Davis, William C Dawson, John B Dawson,
Dean, Debeiry, Doan, Eastman, John C Edwaids, Egbei t, Pel
ns, John G Tloyd, Challes A Plo^d romance, Thomas P
Fo ter Gamble, Geny William O Goode, Goidon, 11ab"r
sham, Han is, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes Hopkins Houck
Houston, Hi oard, tiun er, I[i0eii,oll Cave Johnson, Jonn W
J mes Isaac D fones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy King Lewifa,
Ahiibam McClel'an, Itobeit MrC ellan, McKaj Malloiy,
Vhed Maishall, Jonn I tompbon Ma on, Mauiew Medill,
Mil^l, Pdtnd^e, Payne, Pope, Piofht, Ramsev R^yne -, Ren
chu lieyun'its II is is ¡g aw, bhe¡ neid Shic'd , ^nvdu
^pr ttg, ^ianlv, Sieetuid, lohn T Stuart, Palíale! ro, 1 in ne>,
1 Kleivood, \an limen Waid, Wairen, Wa tenor Welles
Wc^tbrook, Tamt.0 \V \ViUnm« loseph L Williams, Whe
and Wood—04
JTEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, S I Andrews, Arnold, \y
cilgg, Baker, Baiton, Blair, Boaidman, Borden, Botts,'Bn°g<=,
Brockv ay, Jeiemiah Brown Burnell, Calhoun, T J Camp-
bell, Caiuthers, John C Claik, Cowen, Cranston, Ciavens,
Gushing, G Davis, John Edwiuds, Everett, Fillmore, A L
Tostei, Gentry, Goggm, P G Goode, Graham, Green,
Gieig, Hall, Halsted, Wiliam ¡3 Hastings, Henry, Howaid,
Hudson, J Iivm, W W Iiwin, James, John P Kennedy,
Line, Lawrence, Lini}, Marchand, Samson Mason, Mathiot
Mat'ocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Moore, Moigan, Morns, Mor
low, O-ih0i ne, Owsley, Parmenter, Pendleton, Powell liuija
min Randall, A Randall, Randolph llidgivay, Rig"0,Russell,
Saltonstal!, S morton, Slade, Stokfly Slralton A H H í* u
ait, summer, John B Thompson, Richard W Ihomp^on,
Tilltnehast Toland, Tomlmson, luplett Tunnbul), B 1)
\\ hite, Thomas W Wilbdms, Lewis Wil'iams, Winthrop
\oiko and August s Yi ung—88
So the hrst division was agreed to
The question then recurred and was taken on the second
division, to wit, "iron," and was decided in the negative, as fol
low s—yeas 82, nays 100
YEAS—Messrs Ainngton, Atheiton, Banks, Baiton, Birds
e}e Botts, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Burke, William Butler
Wm O Bu'ler P < Caldwell, W B Campbell, Casey,
Cnapman Clinton, Coles, Cross, it D Davis, William C
Dawson, J B Dawson, Dean, Debetry, Doan, Lastman, J C
Edwards Eebert Feint. John G Floyd Chirles A Floyd,
Thomas F Foster, Gamb e, W O Goodt, Gol don Habei
sham, Hauls, Ha\s, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck Houston,
Hubard, Huntei, Hunt, Cave Johnson, J hn W Ion"*
Kir g Lewi-*, i irm,U Vr( iePc,n Mclvav, JVickeon, Mallory,
Alirei Maishall, Sanson Mason, John f Mas n, Mathew.,
Vi!!er,&Patrldge, Paynf1, Randall, Ilaynei, Renchei, Ilcvnol !t,
Rogéis', Shaw, Shepi „id, Shield^, Kunly, Stcemod J T Stu
a t, ralnfrri o Trumbull Turnev \an liuicn Wird, Waiten
Walters™, Weller, L v.is William , Wise  and Wood—82
NAYK—Me^sis Alaras, Al en, L W Andrews, Sherlock
J An Ir \vs, Aino ¡1 ayctigs, Ba\ei, Beeson, fhdlaik, Rldt t,
Ban Boaidman, Borden Buses, Bit ckway, "Vinton Brown,
f har'es Blown, Jirtmiah Blown, John Camj oel!, Thomas
'    Campbell,   Cai others,    John  C    flaik   Cowon,   Cían
oi, Cravm=> Ganet Davis, Jilm LlwauK Ev  rett,
1" dim ire, Ion anee A h Fo tel, ttutiy, Geiry Gc=_m, T
G C> de, rch m, Ginuiit, Hall, II 1 el Williap> S I'l t
i _„, Jeh i Il-t tings, Hemi T'OAird Hudson Jlgeisoll, lames
In in W W Iiwin Jack, Jame , ID J i es, Keim, J
P Keniedy, Ian** Lawienre, Maicband, Math1 ,t Mittocks,
Va\well,M ynard, Moort, Morgan M m* Mmrow, Newnaid,
Osooine Odt'cj, P-rmenter Puiditio, Pluner Pope,
Po ell, Kamsay, Randolph, Ritkway Ki£Ts Rusve t, Snron
loi, Slade, himth, fnycler, feprigg Stokely, fetratton A- IT
H t> nait, Sunmeis lohn B Thompson Rirhaul W
Tnomnson, TiUinguiM, Tilanl, Tomlmson, Triplet, IJmer
woi 1, \\esblou,C ff Whl'e T W Williams, James W
\\ila is, Joseph L Williams, Winthrop,"5,oik ,and Angus
tu  iojn"—1C1
So the «etonddiMsion was not agreed to
The question recurred andvyas taken on the third division
to wit the article of l=ngsr," and was decided m the amrma
uve as f Hows—yeas 105, nays 75
^gAS__L   W Andiews, Arnngton, Atherton, Banks, Bar
ton, Beeson.Birdbeye, Blair, Botts, Boyd, Aaron V Blown C
Bro^n, Bnike, Burnell, W O But'er, P C Caldwell, Iho
mas J Campbell Casev, Chapman, Clinton, Coles, Cross,
R   D   Davis,  Wm.   C   Dawson, Dean,   Debe.ry, Doan,
Rastman, John Edwards, J C Edwaids, Egbert, Ferns,
lohn G Floyd, A L Foster, Thomas F Fos'er Gamble, Ger
ry, Goggm, Gordon, Gustine, Habersham, Mams, Hays,
Holms, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Huntei,
Jack, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, I D Jones, Keim, John
f. Kennedy, A Kennedy, Kimr, Lewi=, Linn, R McClellan,
McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Allied Marshall, John Thompson
Masen, Mathews, Maynard, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Partridge,
Payne, Plumer, Promt, Alexandei Randall, Rayner, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riges, Rogers, Shaw, Shopperd, Shields,
smith, Snydei, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Alexandei H II
Stuart, J T Stuait, Summers, Taliafeiro, Trumbull,
Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Waircn, Walterson, Weller, J
W Williams, Lewis Williams, J L Williams, Wise, and
Wood—105
NAVS—Messrs Adams Allen, S J Andrews, Arnold,
Aycngg, Biker, Bainard, Bidlack, Black, Borden, Bngas,
Milton Brown, Jeiemiah Brown, William Butler, Calhoun,
John Campbell Caruthers, Joh i C Clark, Cowen, Cranston,
Ciavens, Cushng, G Dans J B Dawon, Everett, Fill
moie, Gently, William O Goode, Graham, Green, Hall, Hal
sted, William S Hasting , John Hastings, Henry, Howaid,
Hunt In er«oll, W W Iiwn, lame , Lane, Lawrence, Sam
son Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Moore, Morgan, Mor
i is, Morrow, Osborne Ow^l y, Parmenter Pendleton, Pope,
Powell, Ramsey, B Randall, Randolph, Rulgeway, Ru sell,
Simonton, Strauon, John B Thompson, R W Thompson,
Tillineha t, Toland, Tomlmson, Triplet!, Undeiwood, E D
W lute, 1 homas W Williams, Wmthiop, Yorke, and Augustus
Young—7r)
So the third division was agieed to
The question recun ed and w as taken on the foul th division,
to wit, ' cotton," and was decided m the affirmative, as follows
—yeas 105, nay& 78
YE\a—Messrs Arlington, Atherton, Aycngs, Banku, Bar
ton, Birdseye Blau, Boaidman, Botts, Boyd, Aaron V Brown,
Challe  Blown Juemiah Blown, Bttike, Burnell, William
Butler, Patuck C .Caldwell, William B Campbell, Chapman,
Coles, Richaid D Davis, William C Daw on, Dean, Doan,
Distman John Fdwarn\ John C Edwards Egbert John G
Hoyd, Challes A I loyd, A Lawience Fos et, Thomas F
Fostei, Gamble William O Goode, Goidon Gurtme Haber
sham, Hams, Hays Holmes Hopkins Houston, Hubard,
Hudson Huntei Hunt, Jack, Cave John on John W Jones,
Keim, Jonn P Kcrnely Andiew Kenned), Km", lewis,
Linn, McKay, Mclv to, Ma'lo y, Maichanl, Alfnd Marshal',
Samson Mason John Th impson Mason Mathews Mlynaid,
Morgan, Ntwhatd Piyne, Plimtr, Alexiuder Randal!, Ray
ner, Rencher, Revnoltis Rhctt, Ri^*  Rigers, Shaw, Shep
peid, Shields, ^mith Snyder, Slanlv Sternrod, StiaPon,
Alexander H IT ^mit Summei , ^weney Tahafcuo, Tom
lm^in, Tiun bjP rurnev, \ an ¡linen \> ard Vv^npn, Wal
leison Wilt , We<- biook 1 cwi Williams, Jo q h L \\ il
hams Wmtii p \\ i e mdWood—10"i
^AiS-'l is Adnns^ll )! 1 W Andiew- S I \.n
(hews, Arnold Bdiv t, Barnard Beeson, Bidlack, Blaek, Boi
den, B~igg , M Biown, William O Bihler, Calhoun, John
Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers Casey, John C.
Clark, Cowen, Cranston, Ciavem, Cioss, Cushing, Garrett
Davis, John B Dawson,Everett, Pillmoie, Fornance Gentry,
Geny Goa:gin PatuckG Goode, Giaham, Green, Hall, Hal
sted, Job i Hastings, Henry, Howaid, Ingersoll, James Irvin,
William W Irwin, James, Isaac D Jones, Lane, Lawrence,
Math ot Mattocks Maxwt 11, Mooie, M irris, Morrow, Os-
boine, Owsley, Pairnenter, Paitridge Pendleton Pope, Powell,
Ramsey, Beniamin Randall. Randolph Rulgw iy Russell,
Simonton, John T Stuait, John B Thompson Ricbiid W
Thompson, Tillm*nast Toland Tnp'ett, TJnde wood, E D
Wnite, Thomas W Williams Jame W Williams, and Au
gustos Youn<*—78
Sothelomth hvision  was igieed to
Tne q le u>n tecuncd'nd w   taken on Ihi fifth division
to wit, theaitrlc I 'nhacco, and was decided luthe nega
live as foil ws—ye<i  c2 noe« c6
"iEAS—Mesáis Ainngton,Atheiton, Avcii"g Bank-,, Bailo i,
Birdseye, Blair, Boardman Botts, Aaion V Brown, Buike,
Burnell, William Butler, Chapman CI ntou Coles, Richaid
D Davis, William C Dawson Dean, John Edwards John C
Edwards, rgbelt, Terns, John G Floyd C A Floyd, Thomas
F Fobtei, Gamble, Wm O Goode Gordon, Gusano Haber
sham, Hams Holmes, Hopkins Houston Hubaid Huuson,
Hunter f ive Johnson Jjhn W Iones, I D Jones, Keim,
Job i P Kennedy, Lewis Lmn Abraham Met lellan Kobeit
McCellan, Mclvav !VIrKetn Malloiy, Maiehand AllieJM r
shall Sims-in Ma on lohn T Mason Mallhews, Maynard,
Moigan I'atudge Payne Rlyier, Rencher Rayno!!«, Ri ett,
Rigss, Rogei  "haw, tehii 1 Is ^mith ^n^ ler, -m-ui'v ^trit
tin Summer , ^\íci ry. Túllate** < Trumbull Tllinev, V n
Bnien, Wiiren, \\ i 'ei^i, Lew   W^illiun , Joseph L W l1
hams Wise 0ndWoo'—82
ISAAS—vtessrs A'niris, Aden, J W An irovs ^ici'oc!
I \nd ews, Arnnl I Paler Bimal ' Bee oi Hi 1 ck B ai k
Bollen Bo>d, Pn -fs, Mr! m Piown thti ^s Rkwh, Jeic
miah Bu wn, Wi li^m O TulUi (a hi n lilu ( imp ell,
Wl lian B Ci npl e I, Thomis J Í imj hell Canilléis, Ca
sev John C C s k < owp i, Ciar ton f láveos f 10 s Clioh
mg Garre Davis Í U Daw on Lveiet Pi f n le F rnance,
A I Fo-stei, (Tony, G g-;n Patrie G Goo'c, Giahtm
Gief>n Gieicr J-ie'l Hal 'ed W S II <-1 c-, J Uastmr-s,
ííays Iieriy, Hum, Ineerso'l Times Irvin W m W Irwi ,
Ji k, James Anf'iev Kennedy L^v lerci M^flnot Mattocks,
Maxwell, M d II Mooie "%ioiii-- ~\ewbsrd O=hoine Owsley,
patmente1, Fet d'eton riumei.Pipe Powell, PtofiV Km
sey, Benjamin Ran ' ill, Alex Randal!, Randi I{ h Ruigwav,
Rua^eil, Saltón ^11 Hieppoid ^imonton Stremotl, A H
!I Stuart John T S na t J B Thompson Ti hn^hast To
1-nd Tnplett, Í ndeiwooii \\ alíate, We'fer Westbiook E
D White, r W WUbams, J.-. W Willans and Winthrop
—96
=10 the firthdivis on was not agreed to
And the nu^stion lecturing on concuinng in the amendment
as amended—
Mi AtvDRFWS moved to lay the amendments of tne Senate,
as amended on l! e table
The SFEAKFR said the motion, if it prevale 1 would cany
the lull with it
Mr BIRDSEYE moved a reconsideration of the \ ote exempt
mg' salt" liom outy
Mr BURNELL moved an adjouinmtot    L ^t
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky was understood to withdraw
his motion to lay the bill on the table,
Mr MORGAN moved .to reconsider the vote on the article
of "iron"
Mr WISE was understood to move to reconsider the other
affirmative vott s just taken
Mr FILLMORE moved that the House adjourn, which mo--
uon, by yeaB 98, and nays 88, was agreed to
And the House adjourned
Note —The resolution adopted on Tuesday m relation to
the postponement of the Florida Contested Election «ase, was
bo modified before the question wastakenastogiveto both
parties the power to take testimony Xhe Reporter did not
hear the modification.
SENATE.
Thur-day, September 9,1841.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate communicated
a letter from the Treasury Department, in compli-
ance with a resolution calling for the amount of
"Indian money belonging to legacies or trust foods
wh'ch had been mvesied in State stocks, &c.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the proceedings of a
meeting held in Sussex county, Va. condemning the
measures of the present Administration, and sus-
taining the Veto. Ordered to he*on the table and
be printed.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following:
Eesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
communicate to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
session of Congress a statement showing the annual product of
the duties lai 1 on bank notes, bills of exchange, and bank dis
counts, by the act of Congress approved 2d August 1813, and
continued in foi ce until the year 1817
Mr. TAPPAN moved to take up the resolution
submitted by him some days since, fixing the time-
of adjournment ef the present session of Congress.
He was exceedingly anxious, lhat Ihe session should
be brougbt to a ckne
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a wish that ihe reso-
Int on rright be acted on at once Gentlemen on,
th" other nde had the power, and they ctuld fix
iheir own time; and he really thought they ought
to agree to name the day.
The yeas and nays having been demanded, the
vote stood as follows:
VEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Montón, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bury, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bales, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Graham,
Herderson, Huuttn?ton, Mar.gum, Merrick Mil-
ler, Morehead, Poller, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Smuh of Inc'iar.a, Southard, Talinadgc, and
White—21.
Mr. KING moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BAYARD <aid he was- desirous that the re-
port which he had submitted yesterday in relation
to reporimg, "hould be read a second lime.
Mr. KING observed ¡f it was read, it would
have to bo acted on
Mr. BiYABDbdid that he desired to have it
acted on.
Mr KING thought ti>-re were ^ome Senators
averse 'o taking it up tiien.
Mr BAYARD had no disposition to press it.
Tbr «ubject could be taken up to-moiruw.
The S"iate ther> proceeded to the consideration
<' fe-ccu'ive business, and after hating spent some
time tbeem,
fun ^uif «i. c.gAin resumed it* legislative session,
wr">n il <? revenue bill from the House was re-
cen J, «rid the amendments ot that body werecon-
rarreo, in, "ave that which provides that no duty
(ha' way be laid or collected by virlue of the se-
coi' tccu«m sha'l exceed 20 per cent ad valorem.
Oi mo ion of Mr. CLAY, this amendment was
disigiecd to, and a Commit'ee of Conference or-
dered on the part of the Senate.
The Senate then adjourned.
JJOrSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, September 9,1841
Thejournalof y««terday was read andapproved
The House being verv thin, Mi FU LMOBE (after an in-
quiry addressed by him to the Chair of the pureort of which
the Reporter could hear nothing,) moved a call of the House
Mr HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn, and asked
the yeas and nays on that motion, which were oidered, and,
being laken, were—yeas 0, nays 160
So the House refused to adjourn
