APPENDIX
TO THE   CONGRESSIONAL   GLOBE..
27th Cosg.  "1st Sebs.__________                           Message of the President.                                                      Senate and H. of Reps.
~~'                                                                                                                         ~~~    •                                                                                                         • • •   —•    .....   ■                                     •                                                   ■" 
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
To the Senate and
House of Mepresentahves of the United States.
Fellow-citizens. Ytu have been assembled ¡n
your respective halls of legislation under a procla-
mation bearing 'he signature of the íllustimus ci
tizea who was so lately called by tne direct suffrages
of the people to the discharge of the important
functions of their chief executive office Upon the
expiration of a single month from the d*> of his
installation, he has paid the great debt 01 nature,
leaving behind him a name associated with the le-
collection of numerous benefits conferred upon ihe
country during a long lite of patriotic dtvotim.
With this public bereavement are connec cd other
considerations wrich will not escape the at t-n ion
of Congress The preparations neces ary for his
removal to the seat ot Government in view of a re-
sidence of four years must have devolved upon the
late President heavy expenditures, which, if per-
mitted to burden the limited resources of his pri-
vate fortune, may tend seriously to the embarrass-
ment of bis surviving family; and it is therefore
respectfully submitted to Congress whether the or-
dinary principles cf justice would not dictate the
propriety of its legislative interposition. By the
provisions of the fundamental law, the powers and
duties of the high station to which he was elected
have devolved upon me, and in the dispouti ns of
the represen «all ves of the States and of the people
will be found 10 a great extent a solution of the
problem to which our u suiuaons aie for the first
time tubjecied.
In entering upon the duties of this office, I did
not feel that it would be becoming m me to disturb
what had been ordered by my lamented predeces-
sor Whatever, therefore, may have been my
opinion, originally, as to the propriety of convening
Congress at so early a day from lhat of its late ad
jonmment, I found a new and a controlling induce-
ment net to interfere with the patriotic des res of
ths late Presiden , m the novelty of the situation
m which I was so unexpectedly placed My first
wish under such circumstances would necessarily
have been t,o b*.ve called to my aid, m the adm -
nistration of public affair , the combined wisdom of
the two Houses of Congress, n order to take their
counsel and advice as to the best mode of extri-
cating the Government and the country frsm the
embarrassment" weighing heavily on both I am
then most happy in find ns? myself so soon after
my accession to trie Pr^sidenc/, surrounded by the
immediate representatives of the Plate* and people
Ko important changes >iav n-* taken plac m our
foreign relations s nee the las' session of Congress,
ll is not deetied necf s ary on this occisión to co
into a detailed statement In regird to them I am
happy to „iy that I see nolHfg to destroy the hope
of being able to preserve peaca
The latification of tne treaty with Po.tusal h«s
been duly exchanged between the two Govern-
ments. This Governm-nt ha  not been inattentive
to the interests of thos_ of our citizens wro have
claims on the Governm*<it ot Spain founded 01 ex-
press treaty süpeüations, and a hope is iniulgtd
that the repiesentations whiv-h have b°en made >o
that Government on >ms subject may lead ere long
to beneficial result-
A correspondence has taVen place betveen tbe
Secretary of Sia e and the Minister of Her Brit tu-
rne Majesty accredited to thi^ Government, on the
subj et of Alexande- M'Leod's indictment aid ltn-
pr.sonm nt, copies of whivh are herewith commu-
mcated to Congress.
In addition to '^hat appears from those papers, it
miy be proper to vate hat Alexindei McLeod has
been hea'd by the Supreme Court of the State of
New York oa hi> motion to be discharged from im-
prisonment, and that the decís on of that Court has
not as yet been prom unced.
Tne Secretary of S ate has addressed to me a
paper upon two subjects, mien sting to the com
merceot the eouniry whi<h wdl receive my con-
sideration and v hick I have the honor to commu-
nicate to Cong! ess.
So fjr as n depends upon the course of this Go-
vernment, o"r r la ions ot good will and friendship
will He sedulously c Jtivited with all -ations The
true American poi cy wil1 be found to consi t in th=
exercise of a spirit of justice to be manifested in
the discharge of ail our international obligations, to
the weakest of the family ot rations as well as to
the most poa/eriol Occasional conflicts of cpinion
may anse, but when the discussions incident to
thi ra arc conduct! d in the language of truth and
with a strict repard to justice, the scourge of war
will for the most put be avoids 1 The time ought
to be regarded as having gone by when a resort to
arms is to be p^tetmed as the only proper arbiter
of national diffciences
The census recently taken shows a regularly pro-
gressiva mere n in our population Upon the
breaking out of the war of the Revolution our num-
bers scarcely equalled three millions of souls, they
already excerd seventeen million , and will continue
to progress in a rano which duplicates m a period of
about tweniy-ihree yean The old States contain
at >mtory sufficient in itself to maintain jji muliunn
of additional millions, -n 1 t>*e most populou of ihe
ne  Sutfs may even utbettga led-is but par-
tially set'W, while of trr no" hnds. on this side of
the Reeky Mountains, to say nothing of the im-
mense region which sttetches from the base of tho e
mountausio ihe mouth of the C dumDia nvfr,
about 770 000,000 of aces, ceded avl ui ceded,
still lem m to be broegrt into market We h)ld
out to the peoplt-ff other coun nes no. mvi atu 'i to
come and settle among us as members cf cur rapid-
ly growing famib; and, for tie b'essmps whieh we
offer them, we require of Ihem 'o look upon our
country as their country, and to unite with us in Ihe
great task of preserving our institutions, and there-
ny peip*'u?Jin<' oui hbT es No mo ive exists
for foreign corquest We desire but to reclaim
our almo t lluimi able wilderness, and to introduce
into their depths the 'ish's o< civilization. While
we shall at all times be prepared to vindícale the
national honor, out most earnest de lie will be to
maintain an unbroken peice
In pre'fnm g ihe foregoing views, I cannot with-
hold the erpressi( n of ihe i pinion that there exists
no'hirg in tb  exttnsion of our empire overoui ac
knowleds ed possess ons t extitf the a a -m ot the
paifu t fur the safely of ou ms'iti i or*a. The fe-
derate system, K v r>g to ^sch S ate the care of
ts demesne cm"orn , and dev lvi-ig on th  Fede-
ral Gov<rr meat tho of general n p~rt, adi its n
safety fc/ihp ,-ieatest "xpans o >, bu, at t •> same
time, I dee a it ¡>n per to a'I tvat ti erc x iU be
found to exist rt all times ?i mppnojs necessity
for restraining all the funeti"nine < f tnia Govern-
ment wuhm he ran^e of ¡h n respective powers,
thereby pr serví""* i ] 'St bala'.ce between the pow-
ers grant d to this Government ard th(S" reserved
to the States and 'o toe people
From tl e report of t e Secretary of the Treasury,
ycu will perceive th < t t1 e fi ca'  ne?ns, p-e pnt
and accruing, ?re ms\ifr>ciai t to supply the van's
of the GovernriT for tne current vear. Th  ba-
lance in the Tieasury on th" tourtrj day of March
bst, not covered by ou stasdirg rira' s. and exelu-
si e of trust fund , is estimated at $-*t0 000 This
ocmes the-ur> of ^215,000 deposj 1 m the Mint
and its branche. to j rocure metal foi c-irung and
¡n proce s of coinage, and wh'ch ton11 no* be with-
drawn without inconvenience, thus leaving subject
to draft in the various depositories the sum of
|645 000. By virtue of two several acts of Con>
gress, the Secretary of the Treasury was authorized *
to issue, on and after the fourth day of March last,
Treasury notes to the amount of $5,413 000, mak-
ing an aggregate available fund of $6,038,000 on
hand.
But this fund was chargeable with outstanding
Treasury notes redeemable in the current year and
interest thereon to the estimated amount of five
million two hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
There is alio thrown upon the Treasury the pay-
ment of a large amount of demands accrued in
whole or in part m former years, which will ex-
haust the available means of the Treasury and
leave the accruing revenue, reduced as it is in
amount, burdenel with debt, and charged with the
current expenses of the Government. The aggre-
gate amount of outstanding appropriations on the
fourth day of March last, was f 33,429,616 50, of
which $24,210,000 will be required daring the
current year, and there will also be required for
the use of the War Department additional appro-
priations to the amount of two million five hun-
dred and eleven thousand one handred and thirty-
two dollars and mnetj-eight cents, the special ob-
jects of which will be seen by reference to the report
of the Secretary of War.
The anticipated means of the Treasury are
greatly inadequate to this demand. The receipts
from customs for the last three quarters of the last
year, and the first quarter of the present year,
amounted to |12,100,000, the receipts for lands
for the same lime lo $2,742,450, showing an ave-
rage revenue from both sources of $1,836,870 per
month. A gradual expansion of trade, growing out
ot a resfoiation of c(nfidence, together with a re-
duction in the expenses of collecting, and punctua-
lity on the part ot collecting «flicers, may cause an
addition to the monthly receipis from the customs.
They are estimated fcr the residue of the year from
the fourth of March at $12 000,000, the receipts
fiom the public lands for the same time are estima-
ted at $2,500,000, and from miscellaneous sources
at $170,000, making an aggregate of available
fund within ihe year of $14,670,000, which will
leave a probable deficit ot $11,406,132 98. To
meet this, some temporary provision is necessary,
until the amount can be absorbed by the excess of
revenues which are anticipated to accrue at no dis-
tant day
There will fall due within the next three months,
Trrasury notes of the issues of 1840, including in-
terest, about $2,850 000 There is chargeable in
the same period for arrearages for taking the sixth
census $294,000, and the estimated expenditures
for the current .service are about $8,100,000, making
the aggregate demands upon the Treasury, prior to
the 1st of S°p'ember next, about $11,340,000.
The ways and means in the Treasury, and esti-
mated to ircrue within the above named penod,
ci nsis* of atrat $694,000, of funds available on the
28 h ultimo, an unissued balance of Treasury
notes authotized by the act of 1841 amounting to
$1 955 000, and estimated receipts from all sources
of $3,800,000, making an aggregate of about
$6 450 000, and leaving a probable deficit on the
1st of September next, of $4,845,000.
in order to supply the wants of the Government,
an intelligent constituency, in view of their best in-
terests, will, without hesitation, submit to all neces-
sary burdens. But it is nevertheless important so
to impose them as to avoid defeating the just ex-
pectations of the country, growing out of pre exist-
ing laws. The act of the 2d Match, 1833, com-
monly called the crmpromise act, should not be
altered, except under urgent necessities, which are
not believed at this Ume to exist. One year only
remains to complete the series of reductions pro-
vided fot by that law, at which time provisions made
