________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G^LOBE.__________________June, 1841.
i7m Cong.... 1st Sess.                       _________Message of the President._________________________Senate and H, ot Reps.
* by the same law, and which then will be brought ]
actively in ai|l 'of .the manufacturing int?res!s of ibe
Union, will not fail to produce the mo-it beneficial
resultó, under a system of discriminating duties
imposed for purposes of revenue, in unison with
the provisions of existing lavs, it is to be hoped
thai our policy will, in ihe future, be fixed and per-
manent, so as to avoid those constant fluctuations
which defeat the very objects they have in view.
"We shall thus best maintain a position which,
while it will enable us the mare readily to meet the
advances of other countries calculated to promole
our trade and commerce, will at ihe same time !eav«
in our own hands the nii-aus oí retaliating wiih
greater effect unjust regulations.
In intimate connection with the question of reve-
nue is that which makes provision for a suitable
fiscal agent capable of adding increased facilities m
the collection and disbursement of the public reve-
nues, rendering more secure their custody, and con-
sulting a true economy in the great multiplied and
delicate operations of the Treasury Department.
Upon such an agent depends in an eminent degree
the establishment of a currency of uniform value,
which is of so great importance to all the essential
interests of society; and on (he wisdom to be mani-
fested in its creation much depends. So intimately
interwoven are its operations not only wnh the in-
terests of individuals but wiih those of the State?,
that it may bs regarded in a great degree as con-
trolling both. If paper be used as the chief me-
dium of circulation, and the power be vested in the
Government of issuing it at pleasure, either in the
form of Treasury drafts or any other, or if banks
be used as the public depositories, with liberty to
regard all surpluses from day to day a* so much
added to their active capital, prices are expesed to
constant flutuaiions, and indmtry to severe suffer-
ing. In the one case, political considerations, di-
rected to party puiposes, may control, while exces-
sive cupidity may prevail in the other. The pub-
lic is ihu-; constantly liable to imposition. Expan-
sions and contract,ons may follow each other in
rapid succession, the one engendering a reckless
spirit of adventure ard speculation, which embraces
States as well as individuals; the other causing a
fall in price?, and accomplishing an entire change
in the aspect of affairs. Stocks of all kinds rapidly
decline—individaals are ruined, and States embar-
ra-sed even in their efloruto meet with punciuttluy
the interest on their debts. Such, unhappily, is the
state of things now existing in the United States.
These effects may readily be traced to ¡he causes
above referred to. The public revenues, on being
removed from the tben Bank of the United States,
under an order of a late President, were placed
in selected State Banks, which, actuated by i':e
double motive of conciliating the Government and
augmenting their piofits to the great' st possible ex-
tent, enlarged extravagantly their discounts, :hus
enabling all other existing banks 10 do the same.
Large dividends were declared, which, stimulating
the cupidity of capitalists, caused a rii'h to be
made to <tc Legislatures or the respective S;a;es
for simii;.r <sc.s 01 incorporation, which, by cany
of ih.i Sate, under a temporary infatuation,
were i sat,'iv ¿ranted, ond thus ¡he augmentation
of f>e eitcuiaü.-ír n.tdi.im, cons:st>ng slmost ex-
clusively of pr-per, pioikced a m'M fatal delu-
sion. An ii'.'is'raáon, derived fro -i the land
sales of the p'-riod alluded to, will ?. -ive best
to show the e/J'-ic.. of the whole system Tl.e ave-
rage sales oí the f.ob'ic lands, for a peiiod of ten
y-ars p. ¡or to 1834, had not much except d
$2 000,000 per annum. In 1834 they atf.ined, in
round nntnht'is, to ¡he r.mmnt of $6,000,000 In
(;,e t-Hcceedtng ye?r t-f 1835 ihev reae.hed $16,000,-
000. And ¡he next year, of 1836, ihev amounted ¿<
the enormofi  sum 'of $25 000,000, " Thus crowd-
irg into the .viort r.i,ñce of tiiree yeirs upwards or
twenty-three ". i- '-.•>' ;.urch?se cf in1? pwblic domain.
ño apparent r-wJ Ltcct;:" in.-necessity of arr^-lng
tuts course of .hin"s, thai <H Ejecu'ive department
a-iumer; dr. higñ'y q'i'.'.Jo:.". b;e povcr^i'd "•rimi-
nating :'n ihe funds tn be used :n psy-ne:; r.y d.ff--
ren' cl.i,.<s (•!' public <i,.-r>Uüs—a riisr,n<y million
w,ic.">. wr.s di ob'it ■■! det-krted to correct fhii most
• uiooiis slate f.:'things by the exaction of specie in
all payffifnb for  ihe public lands, but which could
not at once arre*-t the tide which had so strongly set
m. Hence th  demands for specie brcame unceas-
ing, and corresponding prostration rapidly ensued
under ihe neces-ities created with the banks to cur-
tail iheir discounts, and thereby to reduce their cir-
culation. I recur to these things with no disposition
so censure pie-existing administrations of the Go-
vernment, but simply in exemplification of the truth
of the prstion which I have assumed. If, then, any
fiscal agent which may be created shall be placed,
without due restnations, either in the hasds of 'he
administrators of the Government or those of private
individuals, ihe tempiation to abuse will proveto be
resistless. Objr-cts of political aggrandizement
may seduce the firs*, and the promptings of a
boundless cupidity will assail the last. Aided by
the experience oi the past, it will be the pleasure
of Congress so' to guard and foriify the public in-
terests, in the creation of any new agent, as to
place them, so far as human wisdom can accom-
plish it, on a footing of perfect security. Within
a few years past, three different schemes have been
before ihe country. The charter of the Bank of
the United S'ales cxpiied by its own limitations m
1836. An effort was made to renew it, which re-
ceived the sanction of the two Houses of Con-
gress, but ihe then President of the United States
exerc sed his veto power, and the measure was de-
feated. A regard to truth requir-s me to say that
the President was fully su.-tained in the course he
had taken, by ihe popular voice. His successor in
the Chair of State unqualifiedly pronounced his
opposition to any new charter of a similar insti-
tution; and not only the popular election which
brought him into power, but the elections
through much of his term, seemed clearly to indi-
cate a concurrence with him in sentiment en the
part of the people. After the public moneys were
withdrawn from ihe United States Bank, they were
placed in depovi'e with the State banks, and the rc-
f-:i!t of that policy his been before the country. To
say tiothing as to the question wteih r that experi-
rr>v nt was made under propitious or adverse circum-
st, ¡ice-, i! miy safely be asssrted that it did receive
the unqualified condemnation of most of its early
advocates, and it is believed was also condemned
by the popular sentiment. The existing Sab-Trea-
sury system does not seem to sand in higher favor
with the people, b it iias recently been condemned
in a manner too p'am 'y indicated to aelsr.it of a doubt.
Thus, in the short peril d of eight year?, the popu-
lar vole; may be Rgarded as having successively
condemned each of the ¡bree schemes of finance to
whicfi I have adverted. As to the first it was in-
troduced at a time (1816) when the State ban!?.!,
then comparatively few in number, had been forced
to suspend specie payments, by reason ot the war
w.dcn had previously prevailed with Great Britain.
Whether, if the United S'ams Bark chatter ivhich
expired in 1811 had betn rer.eued in due season, it
would have ¡'tea ei.-.bx'd to continue specie pay-
m°r>ir durmz ihe v.v.r and tin; disastrous period to
the comTieiei" of th; country wli'Ch iaimedia'ely
succeeded, r=, 'o s?,y th- least, problemática'; and
whether the United Stages Bunk of 1816, produced a
resreraiion of specie pujments, cr the same was
accomplished, th'ourh the instrumen'ality of odier
means, w¡>* a muter of s; mo d'ffiaulty at that
time lo determine. Certain it it, tha', for the first
years of the op-ration of that Bank, its course
was as di-atirons as for ¡he greater part of its
S'ibsequ.pt career it became emiurntly success-
ful. Aí to the se-ond, th? experiment was tried
wiih a redundant Treasury, which continued
to ineiea-'? until it <ee r.rd lo oe 'he part of
wisdom to distribute the surplus levf-r.a."-a.'.onr
'die Sia'es, whi--;h, operating a; .;•? same
time with the settee circular, and the r?r>-;^ be-
fore advtr'ed to, caused them to susnend sprcf-
PayrnentF, and involved 'he country m'thf gtetve;>
embi-rrassrivnt. Arid, as to the thir', ii "carried
through ?]! th- ¡rages of is transmu'avon, from
papei and sp;e,ie lo notbi.ig out ¡i;e pieriotv= metal?,
to say nothing cf the m-ecuniy of the pub'ic mo-
neys, its injurii-ns, fjecix have bc<-.i auiicipitedbv
U-.e country in its unqualified '■fniemna'ion. What
is now to be regarded as the judgment of the Ameri-
can people on this whole fuhj-tct, I have no accu-
rate means oí determining but by appealing to their
more immediate representatives. The late cntest,
which terminated in the eiectWi of Gen Harrison
lo the Presidency, wa« deer ed on p-mcip es well
known and openly declare d: ano, wliiie ihe Sub
Treasury received in the result the most decided
condemnation, yet no other schema of finance
seemed to have been concurred in. To you, then,
who have come more directly from the body of our
common conslituersis, I submit the entire question,
as best qualified to give a full exposition of their
wishes and opinions. I shall be ready to concur
with you in the adoption of such system as you
may propose, reserving to myself the ultimate
power cf rejecting any measure which may in my
view of it conflict wiih the Constitution or other-
wise jeopard the prosperity of the couniry; a power
which I could not part with even if I would, but
which I will not believe any set of yours will call
into requisition.
I cannot avoid recurring, in connection with this
subject, to the necessity which exisits for adopting
some suitable measure whereby the unlimited crea-
tion of banks by the States may be corrected in
future. Such result can be mostly readily achieved
by the consent of the States, to be expressed in the
form of a compact among themselves, which they
can only enter into with ihe consent and approba-
tion of this Government a consent which might
in ¡he present emergency of the public demands,
justifiably be given in advance of any aetion by the
Slates as an inducement to such action upon terms
well defined by the act of tender. Such a measure,
addressing itself to the calm reflection of the States,
would find in the experience of the pa't, and the
condition of the present, much to sustain it. And
it is greatly to be doubted whether any scheme of
finance can prove for any length of lime successful,
while the Slates shall continue in the unrestrained
exercise of th-* power of creating banking corpora-
tions. This power can only be limited by their
consent.
With the adoption of a financial agency of a sa-
tisfactory character, the hope may be indulged that
the country may once more return to a state of
prospenty. Measures auxiliary thereto, and, in
some measure, inseparably connected with its suc-
cess, will doubtle.-s claim the attention of Congress.
Among such, a distribution of the proceeds of the
sal s of the public lands, provided such distribu-
tion does not force upon Congress the necessity of
imposing upon commerce heavierburdens than those
contemplated by the act of 1833, would act as an
efficient remedial measure, by being brought direet-
ly in aid .-f the States As one sincerely devoted
to the task of preserving a jus; balance in our sys-
tem of government, by the maintenance of the
States in a condrion the vt.ost free and respeciabie,
and m the full possession of all their power, I san
no otherwise thtm feel desirous for their emancipa-
tion from the situation to which the pressure on their
finances now subjects them; and while I must re-
pudiate is auieasuie founded in error, and wanting
cons ituuonal sanción, the .-lightíaí approach toan
assumption by this Government of the debts of the
States, yet I can see, in tha distribution adverted
to, much ti rreotrratnd it. The compacts between
the proprietoi States and this Government express-
ly guaranty to the Sta-.es all the benefits which may
arise ¡rom the salas. The mode by which this is to
be effected addresses itself to the diserption of Con-
gress, as the trustee for th" State1; a'ld its ex-
e'-oise, after the most beneficial manner, is restrain-
ed by nothing in the grants or in the Constitution,
so i, ng as CongiePs shall onnsub ihat equality in
the distribution which the eo.-npacls requue. In
the prtsent condition of some of the States, the
aw ; hurí oi di-!r'hu!.cn mp.y be rrgtrdedas substan-
tially s.s a q.iesiion be. r/een direct an 1 .-.diiect ¡ax-
aiUr>. If .he d.stribution be nvt roade in some
form or other, the necessilv will dai'y become more
urgent with the debtor S'ates 'or a resort to an op-
pressive system of dind Uxstion. or'hnr credi',
and neces-aniy their power and influence, «ill be
greatly diminished. The pa'inenti f taxes, aflerthe
most inro.'iventent and oppiessive mode, will beex-
aced in p!acft of contribution, lor the most part vo-
luntarily made, and therefore comparatively uaop.
presiive. The States are emphatically theconstnu-
ents of this Government, and we should be entirely
