i___________                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________June, 1841.
%Tm Cong...-1st Sess>.                       Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr, Woodbury.____________________                   Senate.
proscription has been prescribed by this, refoimwg
Administration, and how it has pat down, among
its other reforms, the rewinding of political parti-
sans by office—how it has set officers tree from fear
and favor, and emancipated, them—how office-hold-
ers have ceased lo be pliant creatures of the Execu-
tive, and how members of Congress have been ex
eluded from Executive influence, by being excluded
from any share in the odious spoils of office.
Agam, as to the comparative ínfim nee of the
Executive out of door  in pecuniary ma'iers under
the Sub-Treasury and former system ; let them
come down to facts Could the Execut ve put his
hands into the vaults of the Sub-Treasury and take
out a single dollar without subjecting himself to be
sent to the penitentiary' Nota dollar could bp drawn
outbutby warrants and Atofv- Nei'herthe President
nor his Secretary of the Treasury could take from
its custody enough to buy a pen, nor could they
loan out the public money lor purposes of specu-
lation or gambling It they attempted «Tich a thins,
they would be convicted oí embezzlement andsjut
to prison. #as this thr ca-e unthr th  banK svs-
tenV* Could not the Exe<uuve, or the Secretary,
m person, or through their fríen 1<, be poc «omodd
ted with loans by a Bank: c trie Unt*d St-itts
or by the pet banks? Had ny the pub i- mi)-.')
been lent m thousands ai d ¡ u"die is of h u awls
to friends of the Bank bo'h out ot Cont ie«s and m
Congress? I'utwh n hid a dolhr o the public
money been loaned under tic Sub Treasury? The
thing could nos be done without burgWrv and th=ft.
And yet, strange to'ell, the community se^m d im-
pressed with the idea that under tha  much abused
bystem the President and the Sec-t rv ot the Tiea-
sury could take and use ior their own purnoses
just as much of the public nuney as usey pleased
Thus it will be seen that tne Sub Treasury, m
every way, restricted and reduced, mMead of in-
increased Execu ivc influence, and one of the gor-
gons conjured up against it b foie Oil community
turns out to be mere vapour And la'sc glare
' But the Sub-Tieasury system ha 1 j et one other
and infinitely gieaierexiel'ence I' d d not siimu-
late the spirit oí wild and reckless spei u'aUou by
loaning out the public mnnrj Ai1 uea ¡u«,i
were, by that law, strictly prohibited, and
it was an acknowledgment and homage paid by
tbe Senator fiom Kentucky to th • exc-lU i ce ot that
law,that,bentas he was on destroying the system, he
retained this feature ot it and meoiporaied it in his
own bill. That syste m provided likewise no sti-
mulus for overtrading On th- contraiy, us effect was
to subdue and quench that destructive fire vhieh
had consumed the prosperity of the country It
kept the public tie sine w'lLre it could be b id
when it in i auif i Every receiver geueri',
every trea urrt . t a nil ', must be ready 'o pa<s
uver every dj !ar of the funds m his hands on
its demand by the G ive n.nent. B«t was this the
ease under the Barm'* Far from it When the
money was mos-t wanted by the Government, it was
most wanted by the banks also
On the other hand, it checked instead of simu-
lating expansions and overissues It «as calcu-
lated to work a slow, but suie reform m banking,
in every neighborhood where much public money
was collected Because it throws hack on the spe-
culating and expanding bank fir specie, their ex-
cessive emissions of paper.
But, in the next place, he was compe led to look
at what must succeed this system when it was de-
stroyed, whether it was temporarily or peimaneni-
ly. What would succeed it temporary No h-
mg was provided m the bill it uf, but it was
held that the previoi s law revived *pso facto
Now, if the Sub-iVa-ury was destroyed, «that
law would be revved by its repeal2 We were to
have the act of 1836, wi h ail vs acknowledged
mpei ections ui its *ra n. Would this be a bettti
tjstemJ Wise hud did no* pui1 down one thing to
substitute another, miles, th t i b r v? n, a bettPi
TheaUof 1836 was not .'ubuu seme <.xc Henees
it contained a provision which re? i ame line Secie-
tary ttom removing the dec o in o f'crn a bank
where they had been placed, provided t lat bank
continued to ledeera its notes in specie, it a' o
forbade the depositing of the public money in
mon-ipecie paying banks   and m banks'   «•«■uing
notes under five dollars Some approved of it
in the abstract, because it was a system regulated
by law. When the Secretary of the Treasury, un-
der President Jackson, bad been forced to remove
the public deposites from their former deposito-
ry, as he was authorized to do by an exprés
law, and there existed no regulated system
for the saf> keeping of them, he bad implored
Congress to pass a law for that purpose, and they
passed the law of 1836 It had these excellences
But they were countervai'ed by defects which, in
connection wuh commercial convulsions and fo-
reign oppte s on, broke it down in twelve menths,
and it was now a dead letter. One gentleman had
suggested that it may have been destroyed by
faults in its administration, and not in the sy^em
itself. Tais suggestion had been made b"fore
Mr. W. would not argue whether this weie the
ca e or not, but he saw ample cause ior i s failure
without this, It prov ded that twelve or thir-
teen ""i!1 oib of \ hat had been deposited
in safe banks should be taken out ot them and di-
vided among s->vcmy cr eigh y cd-eis, for n i o ihe r
p !>•<- -)se lhan to give eac'i of them the b ntfi ot
11 > is essiu.s A bants: u?s to be sekctcu me/erv
StaiP, and numte's m s me ot the btpt/1*-, as no
me could hold over <. cer am raí o to its cpila1,
a id 'he e ttct was general stnnuiat en of the com-
munity to every form of spe<ulation and g?m-
t Irg. The banks weie requued to pav interest loi
*he money, at least for all they he'd over a given
proportion, and they consented to te-ie the money
ob1 íously because thty expected to loan it out.
Wi^ not this in itsi ,f sufficient io bieak do "i any
set of b'tiks 11 ihe «odd' Could such aa opeia-
lion b> a coiuplisheu without inñ .ib dismss? To
(o te sudd rly Iv elvj or thinten millions of dol
lars out of th  char tie's ot traJ<, and to put it in
entirely differ nt depositorus, wa-. an operation
which Mr W. insisted to be one true cause
ot the rum which followed. That alo^e wa?
sutli i rt to nccount for it, but on th b'ckof
this, tac re was superadded the lequ lement t  col-
1 c wilhai lint mui thc 36 mill oris more, and pay
it ovrr to tb¡, i3t t s. Was it any winder that d^e
nisi ru'sous coiiseaueuces shcud fodow? No
discreu n vms hit io the Secreiarv, the time was
fifed by law, and, should he fail to obey, he wa>
liable to be impeached ard wa«icrua% thnattned
wiii¡ impeaii-oi nt Tn sg eat "mik he h;>d a"-
tually tlont as to tha thnteen .nil oris, and th"i he
níO collected nine m llions, and then nine rnrle, and '
deposited it wi h the States m specie, or m spe-ie
north and u was emphalically said a' the time that
every instalment m the payment of this money was
a in w turn of the screw The piessure rose irora
rheumaasm to sout, and fiom gout to cnvui ion
A.! thb snrfenng had been a tr buted to ¡he Exccc-
live and to the Tieasu y Uepadment, as though it
w te th ir Rroa , when, >n fact, they had but car-
net1 out ice law of Ce n°re s Tnen had come in j.d
ditton to a ! t le íest, an U'lexampled rtcoi! fro*n
abroad, produced by tne cou>ae of the Bank of
England. Ameritan credit was suadenly cut off
by millions at a bl iw, and tne distinguished 4meti
can he us s wenj obliged at (nee to stop all their
open credits. Ye' this, too, was chaiged upon
tne Treasury
11 such a condition, without any fault on the
part of the Executive, the United States Bank
went y the board with the others. The old bd,s
had rot all been redeemed in soecie to tins day.
If its c^nrtei had been renewed, and the forty
mdhons, id pub'ic money had ih n been in us
vaults to be drawn out as the fatal act of 1836
imprudently requued, it would have b>en on
ot ne fust instituí ons to suspend 'pec e pay r, nts,
as it was, without being compelled io el sg0¡ge such
an immense s mi foi the Government
No intell gent meiohant cr financier in the
ctvlized world can be miormed of a 1 the fac's, un-
dt«;uis"d, and arnvt ¡ anv dtífereí t conclusion
T'o illustrate, that it wa<; ihe collecting and pay-
in  over such lTim nse sums, in conntc'ion
with the other onvuisiirs which prostrat-
ed suci a sys em, rathei than any thing wrong
in in execution, I will trouble the Senate with a
single anecdote
In coniohance with the renuisitien^ of the law,
deposites were made in Noith Carolina, which
carried money out of the usual course of trade.
The order to transfer th° funds w?s given m ad-
vance, payable in North Carolina This was stre-
nuously objected to, and the Secretary was asked
why he did not make the order payable m New
Yi rk'i The Secretary was acquainted with the
operations of trade, and knew that the order could
better be metm North Carolina than in New York,
because New York was then drained of specie, and
claims might be due to it in Noith Carolina suffi-
cient to pay it there. But the drawees came to
him, and insisted frrt the drafts should be made
payable in New York. He did so, and the holders
immediately went to New York and demanded the
specie. The drawees at once *av that by the
change th°y h=d aggravated the evil, by losing
more specie, ins sad ot findirig rehef, an(j tj,ey en-
trea'ed that the Deparmen' would make tne future
dtaHs payable, as thiy had been made originally,
in Noith Caiolnii it wa", howevei, the being
otdi ed to part w tn t>ie public money in such large
sums, in so sudden a rnarner as the laws íetidered
imperati/e, that led to embarrassment, and not the
form or minner ot paying them.
It reminded Vir W of the Irishman who was
ordtred to be flogged, and when ne ws flosged low
i'own wan'ed to b  dogg" I higher u¡-, b t when
flogg'd higher up, wanted u be fl gged lower down.
Mr W had been enterra ned tu execute the law,
cost wh?t it woull, arid lit iheise who made it be
answerable to posterity, that just tnounal whose
j idgtnents, ihougei oium tlow, were ever sure and
true As might na orally ha ve been expected, the
neuly i >ade deposits b?nks, ti ished with 'he posses-
si n of th n tieive or tonte„ii millions of dollars,
speedi y cnsgu.g d th s treasure upon the commu-
mt, (is the former deposite benks had already
done,) for they had been obliged to pay interest for
it, and were glad to lo?n it out as -con as possible.
The consequence o  this, in both sets of banks, had
been that the land salts, which usually realized
from two to three millions of do 'ars, were swelled
to twenty four millions in a smgie year For the
prices ot publ c ¡and, too, were kept low, while all
other prices ro e, and the banks virtually gave cre-
dit for the purcnase, instead of the Treasury. The
backs wmen hid loaned th°ir money to individuals
instead of the Government, giving credit or loans
for the lands a° fo'merly, when called upon by Go-
vernment to pay, could not collect it- in,
njr what had been lavishly loaned for other
speculations and tr-de, ai d ihe natural con-
sequence was, that they all went to wreck
—suspension was inevitable But these lamen-
tab e consequences were not to be charged to
the administration of the pet bank sys'em, but o
tn > provisions of the law itself. And were gentle-
men called upon now to revive such a system as
this'2 Must the Stcretaiy of the Treasury scatter
the publ c money am' ng eighty banks and revive
again the scenes ot 1836 so tar as the public mo-
ney, diminished, to be sure, greatly ¡rt amount,
might permit or req ire'
It was injudicious—almost insane. But this
in truth, would not be the real result of the
repeal The keeptrg of the money, then, though
nominally by the law of 1836, would, « fact
and in tiuth, be cast on the unlimited discretion of
the Treasury Dep«r ment, for the law bating been
rendered impracticable by the chance ef times, the
Department must necessarily be thrown back on
the laws in fo ce before this was enacted. Mr. W.
wou'd undertake to say that there could not now
be five banks feimd in the whole United States
such as that act reqn rpd depos.te banks to be, and
the act itself declared that in such case tnt Trea-
sury must revert to the pre.icus Jaw«, and those
previous laws allowed the e'eposi es to be placed
in banks vvh ch did not pay specie, and to place it
theie, not merely en spec al but on general depo-
s te Nor was ins an, th t ¿ te- —th's \ery thing
had been don  by Secr-tanes Campbell and Dallas
far ye rs tigetlie., and <t must be done pgain.
The Pennsylvania Bank of the United States
cru'dbe seleaed .io we'l asany o her, if the Depart-
ment pleasi d
There were other consequences which must also
follow.   lh= Secretary would not merely be coar.
