June,  1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSÍON GLOBE.
ft*
27th Cong-"-1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
ing them back to the memories even of those who
participated in the farce, much leis those who did
not, but simply for the purpose of showing gentle-
men, who aie now so fond of quoting the popular
authority exhibited at these elections, in support of
their proposed measures, that their issues for that
spmtedand important controversy were formed much
more with refercnee to success m the vote, than to
measures of uo ^rnment, which should be conse-
quent upon that success aad, as proof of this
position, to remind ¡hem that evidences of popular
decisions in favor of these absurd trifle, are much
more abundant and strong than they are in fa
\or of the establi«nment of a third National
Bank.
Upon this p'mt í speak from seme personal ac-
quaintance wdh the fart-..   During ihe canva-s re-
Vned to, ft, th" i  st * me in my Ke, I foWowed
toe umve'tal <-S3 np'e it>d irave> ed a eoisiderablo
portion of   >f S . c lo  m  i and pddre^s  assem-
blages oi  h^peije upon (hj political  top es of
the day.   O-e of in}, mo    ínviriaHe effort? in
my addra   ^sto ui> tr fiueu of tre Sta'ewas to
prove *o  ft ni t ?i 'he i it  incut object of the par-
ty op~o    ' to   me  n la.  tl e  re-ts'a > i h'nei.t  ot a
Na'iO'i'il Bi*" in (.' )* rrm  t on  with  th    Na-
tioiiti T.et-su y °   * the nat  nal or-d ', a d it wa.
a lino s* as con  -in  > a-,  I di rus ed this p i rt Kat
my assunipt on oi the fret-has   boi'ly   aid  eoi.fi
dently denied by trcmir nt uieiibe ■  of ibe Whig
party, m sobocqi. lit famu r conveisali„ns wnh
m°, aiid I w<i5 a   u-ed  in  the -tropgeat  and most
earne t mat.re rthat I was. mistaken as to what *ouId
be tr>e policy a d measures of re party, if successful
at the elections.    Tncss c< nversations were not
pon'ical deputes, but  iuendly and  familia'' inter-
views, and the avrmerts were sirong and positive
that a National B rkweuldnot be  a  measi re oí
. the pa'ty.    Tne g"nt enien to whom I allude give
me creJ t for  suceri'y of bel.ef in  the position
I    attemp ed   to   e- abluh,   and   I   accorded   to
them   then,   as   I   do   now, credit   for   perfect
s.nocnty    in   the   declarations    they   made   to
me.    Th y   honestly   believed   that  their party
was not ihe Bank party, and tnat the re-establish-
ment of a National Bank would not be one of its
party measures They conscientiously believed I was
laboring un er a radical mistake upon this point,
and bar the frm kness and candor to tell me sc; but
a very brief ft gbt o' time has shown them and me
winch was tne mi  aken p rtj.   Somuihfor my
personal information upon h'-. p' >nt    In ad a ion
to it, I h?ve the universal and unconfr¿dic td re-
port ef the day, tr a   unil   ¡ew, ver/ few, of the
lead ng Whigs, *v>o  tiaversed the S a e, and ad-
dressed po^alar   a-sembbes   in   reference t> the
pending con te t, expressed  themselves in fuvor of
a Bark, or r-co^nised t>c question as involved in
ibe eke or, m ry of h m dened m th.it bold
s.id pui ic  rnaniv    ihat a B-nk  -vis a mea-u'e
whi h citn i  *i.^y ~i   Ifir p-irty fayored, ana de-
nojnced^n he  tu"?es Wws their polit cJ onpo-
nensí re vs,,n¿ nierd hip ior a National Bank
upon then     An t  ball it be sa'd, unler suci c.r-
cums im , bí-t' i1 p ipi'lar dec ion, in a c-tnvais
so con'u-te'd," a- m ra> 11 of su Jh a BinK? I iep<-a',
the posU'O" cpni ot b   su*'ained by lacts or history.
Assume, for the "1 ' of th s arg' ment, that the
popu'ar de- sion, -it  (he elsat.ons of 1840, was
against the Iide^e-ne-* rreasury, and how will it
stand, in if f, iesp-et, b; th' side oí the p'opo-ed
su^utate—a National baiV*   flu- sub ítute does
not rest and r ore oopuHr oidennaucnsirp'y
Tne rid B n'r. of 1791 r^ched the term nation of
its chartci in 1811     Tie su jest of a lechiiter
vas agí a el, «nd tie p ipuUr \oice control ed the
action of tbe people's r-, lesentai vc=, the reer-ir'cr
wr-s lefu'ct", and ihc Bank si-fleiel to expire   The
scc-rd Eaiih of 1S16  in'i-ipa ed 'he limitation of
ltschirter by the  pencd of tour ye i' , aid male
l's «ipphca'ioa to Coi grfes fji a «charter in 183x5,
pencing an eiCiting Prc-U-rt al ekcuon  T.e ma-
jority oí the repr-^nia'iies of the  people in roth
Hou es cf   Congrí ss  favored ihe wishes of tne
Bank, ard pass-d a b> 1  for its rechir er for a se-
cond p'r.od ol tv ei ty J ears     The tr.en P.esulent
of the United States, at  the lime  a candidate lor
re-election to that high office, returned the bill with
his veto, and Us tassage was thus defeated.   He
made his appeal against the Bank directly to the
people of the country, and the Bank and its friends
joined the issue with alacrity, and manifes'ed no
less reluctance than the President to go to trial be-
fore the grand inquest of the nation, the freemen,,
at the pf-llb of election. Never was political issue
more distinctly formed; more fully argued; more
ennstantly kept before the eyes and thetnmds ofthe
people, or more clearly and triumphantly decided,
and, never was the condemnation of the popular
voice more unequivocally expressed than against
this second Bank of the United S ates upon ihat
occasion. This was the second dist net judgment
of the people of the United States against a Bank
of the United States.
There has leen a third controversy, however,
whicn e ici'( d a third verdict of the same character
aid lendccy In October, 1833, General Jack-
son, then having enter ! upon h •> second Pie^iden-
t al term, oideied the deposi'c of the pab c money
o be changed in. m the Bank of the United Stale 
to ihe Stite bank- Thi-  £.ave rise to 'he celebra-
ted "pan c seso on of Congres ,' so calle ' a-^d to
ibe->xc ung Cons-essional elec' ods of 1834 pnd
1835. Aga n rr   dent JaeVson and hi= Adminis-
tration reeix enaaoed in the t'iil rf a politics) is-.ue
bef-jr  he f ei p e 8S"in t the Bank of the Umied
Sae ard'ti fr'-nds and suipoiters Toe les'n-
r?tirn of the opposite-  to tne Bink was the form of
the q luticr, bat all vill 'firemoer, and all most
adTiit, thittie succe s. cf tif Bank in the 'rul o'
thit question would b«\'e be n 1 eld aid viewed
by both <ne contendng ptraes a-, equivalent lo a
recharter, as a «tep gamed by the Bink wh ch
could not have faded to leüd to that result. líente
the despera'e charae'er of the cortest, but again
the Bank Ml, as signally as in 1832 under the
condenona i m of tne people, and fell to rise no
rni'e as a national ii-t t jiu n In eed, si clear and
conclusive '^ere the<e double verdi ts, that th 
friends of a National Bank have scarcely debased
the subject, and have not invoked the action of
Congress upon it since the last named trial, but on
the contrary have frequently declared m these halls
that they should not move again with reference to
the establishment of another such institution, until
there was evidence of a change of the public mind
respecting it
That time is naw claimed to have arrived, and the
movement is now to be made; bat I trust that I
ha<e shonn tha', in my sect on of the Union at
least, the elec ions of 1840 were not contested
unon Ihis grout d, ard do notluirish that evidence
tiathai-g oTaepopulai will in retrente toa
NaiKnal B*nk, when auiVrnz s the a^umption
that tbe ciang^ has been effected, or sanction the
esablibhment of aBaik upon th- stre> o-tn of t.
Jf t.iose eltct oi s con'tinned the Sue-Treasorv,
ihey d d nit ruitve a NatRnel B,nk, th„ now pro-
posed substitute, from ife triple condemnati n, and
it is a more m?nicest lesis'-nce of ihe exores-ed
wdl cf ihe people to urge npm d-em the cnarter of
sucn a B.t k, than it is to resist this ha^ y destn--
non of the Indc endent Tieisury, while no subslt
lute is pi pj «. 1 nh ch has n t nut their moie re-
pear ' and stronger di ap¡ roba ion
The Sateban^ sv=ter-^ has been twre tried,
cno from 1811 to 1816 and asain from 1833 to
1837. I do not know as I can truly say, that t us ^yr-
tem ras ever been cust't.et'j \nDmit>ed to the people
and received their vcrJict It was put wto opera-
tion by Etecutive authority upon buth occasions,
and, mough lecegnis d by Coi gress dun ig the lat-
t,r ptaoi, .tnd mace the s\ttern of Ihe law, its ut
terfiilure upon noth trials, and especially upon
'hitendirg in 1837, prts-ei ihe necessity of instant
new legis'auon, and ihus b'oug! t on ihe existing
contioversy betneen an independent Treasury and
a NitonlB.rr, amirs' uitaout rcfeienre to a
th rd system. Yet the very sniad number ef íepie-
sentatives in ei her branch of tbe N t o* al Leg' -
la ure, vho have, s nee the suspension of <ne banks
in 1837, favo'ed the s,' seroo'S ate bank oeposues,
authorize the in^rence that mete is now bin a eom-
priatifcly small pa-ty in the coun'r) vsho auheie
to tha' pian of managing the finances of u,e Go-
vernment, as preferable to b >ta of the o hers which
have been considered, though there may be veiy
many who consider it, unfortunate a* it has hither-
to been in practice, preferable to the one or the
other of the different systems. 
The present President, m his message, tells us,
boldly and manfully tells us, that all these three
systems of fiscal agency for the Treasury, have
respectively met the condemnation and rejection of
our common constituents, the people of the country.
Can it be, then, that a necessity presses itself upon
the Senate, growing out of the obligation lo obey
the popular voice, the public will, to sweep away
one of those systems for the purpose of pu'Ung in
its place eaher of the others, equally repudiated
and equally condemned by the people? But no.
I ought not to say equally repudiated an<¿ con-
demned, for such is not the fact. A National
Bank has been tried for the terra of forty years,
aid, as the result oi that thorough and pa'ient trial,
has met three distinct condemnations from the bal-
lot boxes. The State bank deposite system has had
two  eparaie trials, the one of five and the other
ot pbout four years, and has made, within those
shor' penod<, a p rf<°et failure upon both occasions.
Tre Indep nuent T eisnry has not been tried.
Tt e law es-tioli-hirgit was passed on the 4th ot
July last, e even mon hs and five da>s !rom this
day, a nine ¡iHiffiuent to put the system into per-
fect operi'ion, much less to give it a fair trial and
tc-t its nm.tsanJ defects. Tbe provisions of toe
law bri «g it in o gradui! operation in its principal
beantg upon the cunency, and time Las not yet
elspsed «ufiisieitto make an advance of a single
step in. the p't g e-s of the law towards a sound and
stibli aid uc am currercy of intrinsic value. It
is not then under equal condemnations that these
sys ems res' Ih- two former hav  repeatedly
cordemned theroulves and been condemned by the
people, after fair, full, and patient trial; and
the Utter, if condemned at al!, has met ihat
condemnation at the bands of political op-
position, not as the consequence of experimen-
tal deftcts, or evil tendencies, and is to bo
cut off, repealed, destroyed, without trial and with-
out a substitute. What fault has been found with
its operation hitherto? Have the sound, solvent
business merchants, complained from any thing but
apprehension? Has the short experience which
they have had confirmed their apprehensions?
Not that I have learned, or heard, though I hava
heard much which goes to prove the reverse. Yet,
sir, the old buildmg must come down. A Bank
pa ace is to be erected, and though the old site is
not wanted, and cwnot be occupied, the structure
upot t w.U be u'i'eemly to the tenants of the new
man ion, and it mua be razed to the ground and
its foundations, which cannot be deg up and de-
troyed, must be corered over and ornamented, so
a^ to conform in appearance at least to the new
syst'-m
So much for the reasons which have been of-
fered for tne speedy passage of this repeal bill,
basen upon the necessity of tearing down and clear-
ing away, to nake room for the new "fiscal agent,"
a bank oí tne Unit d States, a= the honorable
mover oi 'hebi.i tel'sus, and, upon that assumed
command ofthe people, which requires at our
hinds the demolition cf the.r Treasury, constructed
upen ronstimtu nal principie', that such a Bank
maybe creUed, not upon its rums, for that can
n /erbe, but as its substitute and keeper of the
pe^n e'e treasure.
I will now examine, as briefly as I may, the ac-
tion rn 1 tendencia of these two systems of finance
for the nation, upon certa n great and leading pub-
1c intres's, governmental and popular. And,
first, the natuial act.on pnd tendenc.es of the two
systems upon ihe currency of the Treasury and the
currency ot ihe countiy.
Ti e currency of the Independent Treasury, it  t
s^a'l be pernvtted to go into full operation, is gold
and silver, tbe cauency ofthe Constitution alone,
the standard of currency established by that instru-
ment it is a currency which cannot be raised in
valué at will, or depreciated; which cannot be ex-
panded at pleasure, or contracted, to promote par-
ticular ititeies s, or peculiar views; the graspiogs of
private interest, or the objec's of corporate or poli-
tical ambition. It must constantly have the uni-
formity both of value and quantity, which the
trade of the world will allow.   It must he  *fg«-
