, Í841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
él
27-ih Cong-••• 1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
hard, and it was in the hands of the officers
ot the Government—those who wete subject
to the ordi rs ot the Gove>nment—ard not
in the hands of those who wore only sub-
ject to requisitions—who could refuse to pay, pro-
tect a warrant, tell the Government to sue, and thus
go to law with the Government for it* own money.
The framers of the Cons'itution, and the authors of
the two acts of 1789, had seen enough of the evils of
the system of requisitions under the confederaron to
warn them against it under the Constitution. Th y
determined that the new Government should keep its
own hard money, as well as collect it; and fhtfi the
Consttlu'ion, the law, the piactre under the law,
and the intentions oí the hard money and lode-
pendent Treasury men, were all in hatmony, and
in full, perfect and beautiful operation under the
first years of General Washington'  administra-
tion. All was naht, and all wai happy and pros-
perous at the commencement. Bat the spoiler
came! General Hamilton was Secr<taty of the
Treasury. He was the advocate of he piper <■}■--
tern, he bunking system, and the fandmg s stem,
which were listened upon En?land by Sir Rjhett
Walpole, in his 'ong and bsneíu! admin t>a ¡on
under ihe fkst and Sccord Goorg-. Gen Hamil-
ton was the advocate of these system , and wi.hed
to transplant them to our Amei ca He exerted
his great abiln es, ren lered still mote potent by b'S
h gh personal ch-iracier, and his gloriou* l^evolu-
tm aiy «erviees, 10 subst'tu'e paper money for the
Federal currency, and oanks f^r the kee¡ eis of tt e
public money, and he succeeded 10 u.e ex'et t < f
h>s wi hes. The hard money ouncrcy preur b^d
b the act of Sep ember 1, 1789, was eboh'hed
by constiucfio , End >y a Trea«uiy order to re-
ceive bank notes; the fi-eal apent for ihe r.cep ion,
the keeping, and the diobu- emeit ot tire pa'Jic
moneys, consisting of the Treasurer, ai.d hi  coi-
lectora and receivers, was superseded by the erec-
tion of a National Bank, invested with the privi-
lege of keeping the public moneys, paying th m
out, and furnishing supplies of paper money for
the payment of dues to the (government. Thus,
the two acts of 1789 were avoided, or superseded;
not repealed, but only avoided and superseded by
a Treasury order to receive paper, and a Bank to
keep it and pay it out. From this time paper mc-
ney became the Federal currency, and a Bank the
keeper of the Federal money. It is needless to
pursue this departure farther. Tne Bank hod its
privileges for tweniy years—was succeeded in
them by loca1 banks—they superseded b/ a second
National Bank—it again by local bamts—and
th se finally by the independent Treasury sys'em
—wh ch «as nothirg but a return to the funda-
mental acts of 1789.
Tii s is the brief n. 'ory—.lr goiealooy rather—
ci our fis"al r e' t , an i frop. tn s it r--«Its t* at
alier ni'i" the,n for y jc-trs oí departure fiom ¡hr
sy t. in ol our fore í , er^— f r more than (ot\3
vera oí wíedeiing m the w ' 'e nees ot barLs, 1 ,-
ca! and rat.ou<il—alter moie u ¡n totty years o'
wailowi'ig in the 'tou^h of paper monej, so", -
times sound, ometimes roten—we have returned
to the points frc m «f ish we tt t out—hard money
for out Feieral Trca-.urj, and our own olluera to
keep it. We r turned to the acis of '£9, not sud-
denly and crudely, but by degree , ¡>nd wiia da-
ta' s, to m..ke the return s->fe and eff-y. The spe-
ue clsuse was res o.ed, not by a swk'en and tin-
gle step, but grauudll^ a.id trogirfssivc ly to Lt ac-
complished in four year  The cj tod} ct tie
public moneys ivas les'oedto the Treasurer and
hiscfficeiS; and as a «as írrtpossiok for him to
lake ruu.Udl possession of the moneys p«e>y«.ieie,
a few receivers general weie g.vfn to hui, to act
a' m depuues, and in; two lumisia Piul<.dJphia
and No * Or can", (preper places to Ve<p in.ney,
at. I 'h°ir keis in Me bands ot our oihoeis,) Wore
addid io his meses oí receiv.nír a-id k-e¡nrg mem.
Th s return to th" old acts of '89 was accomplish-
ed in the sumnur of 1840 The old sys'em, with a
new name, and a little additional organiziiion, has
been m torce near one year. It has v,ort?ed
well It has worked boh well aud ea.sj,
and n«w the question is to repeal it, and to
be¿m again where General Hamilton s'aued us
above forty years ago, and which involved us so
long in the fdte oí tpnks- an! m tne miienes and
calamities of paper >o. ey. Tb"gentlemen on the
other side ot the House go ¡or the repeal, ue
against i*, End this dennes the pcsitun of the two
g'eat parties of the day—one standing on ground
occupied by General Hamilton and the Federalists
m the year'91, the other standing on the gound
occupied af the samo time by Mr. Jefferson and the
Democracy.
The Democracy oppose the repeal, because this
system is proved oy experience to be the safest, the
cheapest and the best mode of collecting the re-
venues, and keeping and disbaiang the public mo-
ney*, which wi'dom of man has yit invented. It
is the safest mode of collec'ins, because it receives
nothing hat go'd and saver, and thereby saves the
Government from loss by paper m^rey, preserves
the standard of value, and causes a supply of
specie to be kept in the country for the use of the
people and for the support of the sound part of the
bñnks. It is the cheapest mode cf keeping the
moneys; for the salaries cf a few receivers are
i o'hirg compared to th  cost of emplrymg banks;
for banks must be paid either by a per c ntum, or
by a g'oss «-urn, cr by al!ou,ng them the gra-
tuitous use cf the puMiC mo-cy. This latter
metrod has been tried, a>d has been found
to be the dea'est of all poss b'e rao^es. The
Sub-Treasury is the :<ifr¡>t mode of ¡¡«'tpirg, fur
the teceiveis general ate ojr cifieei'—'object
to our ori is—re ^oi abe at ot 'will—i un^pable
citrnatly—sUAi_i¡e civ.llj— «md hour J in heevy
sentidles ítis th° be^t n""">'e,for it h.ts no ínte-
res m increasing taxes in ordtr to mercase 'h  de
posites Bunks have this in erest A N t oti<tl
B¿nk nas an interest in augmenting Ihe revenue,
becau e tlereby it sugmen'td the pabhc depo-ite .
"ihe Ute r-ii   Lad rn r cr ge depo i e for near
iwen y yeais ol elev-n mi'lions and r h< f < f public
inunt^ i  the name oí t e i. asunr of ihe United
S ates, ,-nd tjyo millions and a half n the names
of public officers. It had an annual average depo-
sits oí fourteen millions, and was rotonously in
favor of all taxes, and of < he highest tar ffs, and was
leagued with the party which promoted these taxes
and tarfFs. A Sub-Tieasury has do interest of this
kind, and m that particular alone presents an im-
mense advantage over any bank deposito! ies,n hether
a national institution or a selection of local
banks. Every public interest leqaues the Inde-
pendent Tre'suty to be eonm.'icd. It i* the old
system of '89 The I?w lor it has been on our
sutute book for 52 ^rprs E"-ry citiz-n who is
uader 52 ■ ears old has lived • 11 h s 1 fc under the
SnbTnasury iaw, atongitie U / it eh h?s
been sjperekd Cj av . cd ki.-sr th" gr a<er
part of tte time. L'ke the eou"ry gci''enan m
Molí re's corned}, who h"d Slkfd frese al his
1 'e v it! out knoT-tng r, every ei 7 n who is I' der
52 his live' ¡is1 " uncl^r '1«° áub-Tr- >sury 1 ,v,—
uudT tas fvu peso! '89 when constituí" n a'J
vhrn Lave ro* teen r p s'*d
We are p°v rst t'n jeptji, ?"d a hoyh un-
able to re, st n h le, st 1 oke to m. w 11 L e Ams-
ric npeop'et"-"titoi.cht n 1 to b lop-.led, m thai
the time v ill c^^e vhcn- s- s,„ 1 1 iu<-i.t viu'l
be demanded by the 5 til   c vnic
1 .dpenden* ot our c. je„tu ns t^ the reii^of tl-is
nop 1, si -ds one (,f <i p' h ') n ch if?tor,
v Qich h s bi.eíi ti o 0 en 1 n'r n d to 1 • 0 ! eluf -
rja ener eniorccn t>,t t t hci r ai>io  be pio-
pitly ori'ec in >n; g t tr 1 cwnn a-on oí the
-uij-C We;jrc «oo-u to ic eal cues s c m witu-
out havir" provided #i'o'ho, < nd i\>i!oaievPn
know ii  viw i"av bj sib-ti atxl, cj .ih- her „ >
si.os'itite \taate er si <ii. le a=r«rd i)f)8 £.i-.il
we h .v ¿tny, < n I il am, \ , rt' Sk. .11 it '«• a J,i-
tmnal Biak, ..iter tne sxtel ere we ' «ve j'--t  
ot 'WiHS"i!ons' Is 11 to be a m'l c it 1 -
vention—-a rsc-ali'v—or fi-cd¡ agen —'o " rlurd
m this District Coca .be v 0 ha.e exc um o jen di"-
tien heie, tnd v hich, upon die „ e agur-ctt.
may le placed in ail the U rts and ai.eia , m oil
ibe'dock yard*, and nav. taris, in all tbe h-ht
houses and po".dei maga? re- a^li" ?n t'ieTcrr-
tor.es which the Unued States row po= e s, or may
here.uter acquire1 We h ve ejclu- ve jurisdiction
over all tnese; and it, with this argument, we cfn
avoid the Constitution in these ten  milts square,
we can also avoil it ¡n evety State,-and in
e/ery T.n.my of the Union. Is it to be the
pet bank s}stem of 1836, wh'cb, besides being re-
jec'ed by all parties, is an impossibility in itself?
Is it to be the lawless condition of the paWic moneys,
as gentlemen denounced it, which prevailed from.
October, 1833, when the deposites were removed
from the Bank of the United Slates, till June, 1836,
when the S'ate bank dtposite system was adopted,
and during all which time we could hear of nothing
but the union of the purse and the sword, and
the danger to onr liberties from the concentration
of all power in the hands of one man? Is it to be
any one of these, and which? And if neiiher, then
are the two ach of '89, which have never been re-
pealed—which have only been superseded by tem-
porary enactments, whicti have ceased, or by Trea-
sury constructions which no one can now defend—
are these two aUs to recover their vitality and vigor,
and again, become the law cf the land, as they
were in the hist yearj of General Washington's
administration, and before General Hamilton over-
powered them? It so, we are still to have the lden-
t ca! system which we now repeat, with no earthly
difference but the absence of its name, and the want
of a few of its details. Be a'l this as it may—let
the substitute be any thing or nothing—we have still
accomplished a great point be the objection
we nave taken 10 thd repeal before the substitute
was produced, and by the vo'e which we took up-
on tnat pon.t yesterday. We have gained the ad-
vantage of cutting gentlemen off from all plea for
adopi,iig thiir baneful schemes, fiunded upon the
nccf --it} of adopting somethin , bt cause we have
notbi g. By the r own vote they refuse to produce
the ne v system before they . bohsh the old one.
By their own tote ibey create the nece-stty which
ihey deprecate, and havn g be n warned in time,
and acting with their eyes op^n, they cannot make
the.r o«u conduct a plea for a1opttng a bad mea-
sure rather than none If Gongtess adjourns with-
out any sys'em, and the public meneys remain as
they did from 1833 to 1836, the country will know
whose fault it is, and gentlemen will know what
epithets to apply to themselves, by recollecting
what they applied to General Jackson from the day
the deposites were removed until the deposite act
of '36 wis parsed.
Who demands the repeal of this system? Not
ths people of the United S'ates; for there is not
a„o!i'aiy petitun from the faune*--. the mechanics,
.he productiveclaSoc--,an,i ihe tu mess men,against
11. Po'it<<i<-ns *ho <vant a Nat.cal Bank, to rule
the oountry, pad .jjiluonary sp^cu^tcrs who want
a Bank to p'urderit—these, to be sure, are cla-
morous for the rept-a'; < nd í ir the obvioas reasons
tha' the present sysfm s'ands in the wav of their
great pans. But wf-r> ehe dnrands 11? Who
tise ( b,ects to eif er ftatuie of the Pub-Tiea'-ury—
1 a laid "lonev fe,vi,re, on  the  depisite of our
0  v 1 „o> rjo v u o'-r 1 ; 1 1 ff ^r 1 I'4.'ke ihe in.
oiii.y—¡iiin'e it tiiicu_'i «i- .  t i1-.—-eiamine tha
j c tmn'*'ny cy clas-,ci, *nd 'c vhD objects. The
1 hard mi nevfta'ure .Si" fu'l ,orce 1 ti ok full effect
at .r,cc n the Sou h and Wes', Itcauso there were
1.0 b ,tik notes in tio-e quar ers ci the Union of
the ncei\bU le cnption: it took full effect m
N 'vi Yotk and Ncv En ,iai d, bee-m e, having pre-
scied pe^.e piyme.Vs, specie w^s jast as plenty
a ihat qna'ttr «■> pr.per mo ev, rnd all paymen's
•■./-it e.iiiti ac ua'ly ot v 111..I, m hard troney.
It \.as s( ecie, or ns tqj'valent. Tre hard money
ciaj^p 'ui imtKoo^a 11 at ote, and who
c>   pl^.r.ed of 11' The pa}err of die revenue? No,
1 c t uoe c tf*m    The merchants vho pay the dn-
1 t   s, h ve no. corapliir.rj, th2 farmers who buy
h-1 nub.ic hnds r,a\eiict co.^/ia.iied. On the coii-
I t a v iLsy rejoice, kr hard mo. ey payments keep off
the spto ila or,wi'h his baas ot notes borrowed from
Lanks, and enable ihe iaimer to get his land at a
a ieir p-ioe. T e payers of the revenue 'hen do
not comp'ain. Hew stands it with the next most
mtcres'ed tla?"—the receivers oi ni'irey from the
United S'ates* Are they dissaic-h°d at being paid
in soli aid -llvci? And do ¡hey wish to go back
io the depreciated paper—the shin plasters—tha
compound of lamp black an J rag«—which they re.
cived a few years ago? Put this inquiry to the
meritorious laborer who ¡s  working m stone, to
