s&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                    ,            J«ne, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
the capiUd we formerly owned there. Is this
rune Bullions" a debt we owe, when we have mere-
, ly collected, that amount from oar creditors? If so,
to whom do we owe it, and wny? With a change
in our political dynasty, friendly to a united States
Bank, are we to be called on to refund to that
Bank all our capital we have collected, and thus
generously to aid that distressed and unfortunate
corporation, as we propose to aid most of the rest
of creation, though pretended by tur opponents
that we ourselves, the General Government, have
been leftm the most pitiable and embarrassed con-
dition?
This is one of the greatest humbugs m this age
of humbugs, to pretend that a dollar of this nine
millions is a debt we owe to any body, or which
should be funded.
The thirty-one millions is then reduced to twen-
ty-two. But mixed up in another item of about
seventeen millions is a balance of money of near
eight millions, which was in the Treasury on the
first of January, 1837, which has been expended,
as it should be, on objects directed by Congress
Is that a debt? If so, to whom? Who shall have
the stock for it? This is quite too ridiculous for
argument, that we are to fund and pay as a debt,
to some unknown somebody, seven millions of
dollars, which belonged to ourselves, and for which
wedonot now owe, and never did owe acent
This leaves only fifteen millions or not half cf
the mighty thirty-one. But of that fifteen, over
nine millions is confessedly the fourth instal-
ment. Is that a debt we owe? A debt for what?
What property did we get for it; and from whom?
No. It will do to talk at ale-houses and political
log cabins about our owing the States this last
nme millions. But it is a little too much for a Se-
cretary of the Treasury to countenance such an
idea—a Secretary who had the solemn laws of the
twenty-six States before him, and their receipts,
thowmg that all the instalments were to be con
sidered as money belonging still to the United
States, and not to the States. That, instead ot ow-
ing them the fourth instalment, as a debt, they
owed us all the three others, and were liable, and
had engaged to return them whenever required
That the transaction was expressly and dehbera'e-
ly agreed to be a mere deposite temporarily, to be
returned when needed, and not even a gift out-
right, and much a less a debt owing by ut-. Much
less could it even ba pretended by any mielligent
finaacier, that the United States, by usir g the
fourth instalment, their own money, and for their
own public purposes, thereby incurred any debt io
the States.
All of the whole linrty-one million'-, as a debt,
then, after deducting this, dwindles to between four
and six million-!.
The inflated balloon, so large with parly gas,
thus pricked, collapses and leaves nothing but the
comparatively ^small amount of debt, named m
another portion of the report, and there named as
not due now, but in the the ensuing year
What a miserable abortion or pretence there is,
then, in all this ihiity-one millions, for any debt
now due, so as to justify this early session? This
scrutiny shows also the carelessness and originali-
ty, at least, of a fiscal officer having a whole head
of his report devoted to the "public debt," and
yet, in no part of the information given under
that head, stating the amount of this pubhc debt.
Was ever such wisdom exhibited before? And I now
ask any gentleman on the other side to inform me,
from any part of his report, how much public debt
the Secretary means to siate ha1  been caustd by
the appropriations, under the past Administration,
and how much by new appropriations and his new
"Fiscal Bank" scheme, under the pres nt Adminis-
tration?
But one or two minutes longer as to this large
item of thirty-one millions Why  as it dtagged
in so awkwardly m respect to this session,
unless it was meant to convey an impression to
cursory readers, that a debt to tins extent had been
created by the past Administration? It had some
object. Was it, then, the mere partisan object of
ho/ding up the preceding Administration as extra-
vagant aad odious? If so, I am ready to prove,
from officii! documents in the Secretary's own
office, that he was conveying an impression, which
he knew, or was bound to know, to be utterly
groundless.
Thus, m document No. 497, of the Senate a,.
the twenty-fifih Congress, second session, it is re-
ported from the Treasury Department, that the ap-
propriations made by Congress exceeded those ask"d
in the annual estimate--, ove" nineteen millions,
and in 1837 they exceeded them over seventeen
millions, making an aggregate of thirty-six mil-
]k ns> of excess Now, nor e of those passed in
1837 had been made or expended on the 1st of
January, 1837, and probably none of the former
ones, being made mostly in July previous, had
been expended beyond the sum of four or five
trillions There was then imposed on this four
years, from 1837 to 1841, outstanding appropria-
tions beyond the estimates, equal to this whole
thirty-one millions, and which, tiiou->h it or its pre
decessor never called for them, it was compelled by
Congress to expend be} ond the ordinary appropna
tions called for and outstanding Yet to spend
this excess is now imputed t« it ?s extravagance
and wa5te by some of t"e xr< «- persons in the Op-
position, wl o wer? fptfimos' jnd e?gerto b">ak
down the Treasury with them
Again by another document, No 450 of the
Senate, twenty-sixth Congress, first session, it ap-
pears, that in these four vear", mote extraordinary
and temporary appropriations «vereiequired by Con-
gres to be expended, than >« the average of the two
previous Presidential terras by the whole amount
of this 'hirty-one millions and qui e 'orty <mx mil-
lions more than m the Presidential term of the
younger Adams Yet it is now charged t pon Mr
Van Buren and his friend-, by those who moved
and advocated many of tbo-e extra and temporary
appreciations, that the balance of only thirty-
one m lhons of exc-s m his expenditures over the
receipts, is evidence of his v ant oi economy A
want of economy for a balance against him of
th rty o> e millions, when th°y compelled him to
expend quite fo'ty-six millions more than were im-
posed on their own Administration.
Norvasth's period "a time of peace," as *he
Secreta'y s'a es, but it was burdened with one of
most expensive and bloody Indian wars that has
ev<.r ravaged our frontier.
Again look at the other s ¿" to the rfceipts m
this period, from 1837 to 1840. The Executive
cannot increase or diiimi h the receipts, except
si me ines from lands by many or few adver-
tisements Bu Con *,e scan I" those ye trs the
tariff iad besóme ltsse ied by Ccn¡> cs^ itself unler
a biennial reduciioi' Was the pa=' Adm rustra ion
culpa1 le lor that, wher ths measure originated be-
fore it came into power' Over forH m llior s of re-
venue, which would otherwise ha e accrued, s>ad
also been relinquished ar'1 reduce I by he altera-
tion in the tariff rf 1832 ->rd 1833 Added lo this
flie St cretary ha<¡ seiz Jo  a c o I for *> s com-
parison, when mo'! ex raor In, rj revulsions had
begun m the commerca! wcid—lessening
and almost entirely for a time paralyzing all
revenue Was tins very period picked out on
that very account? Had the Secretary intended
to draw a fair comparison of the receipts
and expenditures, after a gieat civil rev lution,
like the accession of General Jackson *n 1829, or
a great event in the m/neiary concerns of ihe
country, like the iemov.il of tte deposites m
1833, it wtuld have Leen natural and pio-
per to take these da  , air" << 1837. Those
two eras of rui.< >i the vie v cí i ' ""n'lemtr on
f>e oth r side—a s r' if He irc in I,l r pontic 1
chronoicgy—«he rest hs would i e been u~eful,
but ihpy would not have answered th purpose of
conveying to the world an ,mpres>ici of great com-
parative expense over th* recip'v, and heme of
great supposed wastefuntss Thus by document
No. 212, Senate, 25th Congas, 3d ission, rnd the
annual^repork since in ihe fnsnees, it can be seen
that from 1829 to 1840, when the country was ruined
by Gen Jackson and Mr Van 3uren—the receipts
exceeded ths expenditures, instead of the reverse, by
quite fourteen millions of dollars; and from 1833 to
1840, by quite three millions, and from 1829 to 1837
by fortv millions Again, if gentlemen would
devol/e on  1837 the money then on hand, since
deposited with the States, to the extent of twenty-
eight millions, and the balance of near seven mil-
lions left beside in the Treasury, as well as devolve
on 1837 all the excessive outstanding appropria-
tions made m 183G-7, above what the estimates
called for, this alone would not only square
the accounts, but leave seven millions balance in
favor of the past Administration Such and so
groundless are some of the obsolete charges now
vamped up and newly varnished by the Secretary
ag-Mn t his predecessors.
I take great pleasure in finding, that in the finan-
cial parts of the President's message, he has too
much tact to allude at all to this thirty-one millions.
He does not treat of its extraordinary items as a
debt, or deficit, or eviderce of extravagance. But
he should have done it, were they either of the
former He knew be"er, and he did better. He, too,
shows the judgment and good sense to extract
nothing about this four millions surplus from " the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury," to which he
expressly refers us (page 30) as having seen, and
as furnishing the data of his own fiscal exhibits.
But gentlemen may argue that, in another por-
tion of the report, it n shown that over thirty-three
millions of appropriations were outstanding on the
4th of March, and that this is prima facte evidence,
either of a great drbt to near that amount, or of
great arrearages Such sage arguments have here-
tofore been used to reach similar eonclus ons by
our oppoaents, and they are likely to be again.
Even the report ¡ eems tc g've come countenance
to such an impress , n, by swelling the aggregate of
appropriations by the addition of all the Treasury
notes, and giving no explanations how shoit a time
the great mass of these outstanding appropriations
had been passed. It is thereiore necessary to scru-
tinize them a single moment. Firnt, then, includ-
ing only the appiopnationb for ordinary expendi-
tures, exclusive of any ceb' or Treasury nates,
which is the cuskmary mode of stating outstand-
ing appropriations, and ihe a^grega'e was only
about twenty-eight millions, instead of thirty-three
millions
Again- it is & recorded fac>, in an exhibit pub-
lished by an officer of this body, and which I hold
in my hand, that near eigh'eej millions and a ihird
of ,hose twenty-eight h."d been ippropnateo. or be-
come chargeable during ihe it rent session, at the
heel of it, and most cf them will m even three days
of the 4th of March
Yet without any such expUnat in, they are sent
out to the world by Mi Eivmg u a 'orm calcu-
lated to create an 'inpresaion wi i many, that the
who!" ihirty-lhieo mum n  were o'd arrearages, or
old debts, or evidence of one d th ro. But, on a
scrutiny, it appears thai on f om nme <o ten rr> -
nons of ihe wncle trur y-'bree ti n remained as
old appropriating exclusive of Treasury no*es,
víhich is no la-aer a sum t'-an trie Secretary pro-
poses to leave at the end t f ihe present year. Nor,
en the other hand, is nine millions any larger, if
so large a sum, as it has b"en cust mary for a lo ig
time to have outstanding at in  end of the year.
Noi is it evidence of a dollar of dfbtor arrearage.
Thus vanishes anothei of ihe wi etched fabrics
for an existing debt or arrearfge of thirty-three or
forty millions. Indeed tne outstanding appropria-
tions at the end oí a year, have at ímes been m
high as fifteen or sixteen millions, w uhou  usually
including any thing for the debí. They have
been so it, 1836 and 1837, but by 1839 were re-
duced to about thirteen millions, and last year, at
the close of it, were not !ar from twelve millions.
Part of the reduction has been alwijs caosed by
carrying seme of them to the surplus <and,and tne
year from two to thiee millions, But, independ-
an of that, the Secretaiy now, by ms estimates,
would reduce them at once i¡-,ee ci lour millions,
independent of the «urplus fund, and by large ex-
penditures alone, being* ihus neatiy three or four
millions more than it has been usual lo reduce
tbem in that way.
This is without any explanations, and hence in-
scrutable on any common principle But one other
fallacious position on this topic m the report, and
I have done wi h the supposed debt It has been,
and may be again argued, that at least the sixteen
millions and a fraction, estimated as a deficit by
