Jone,'1*41.                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f- &
27th ConG""1st Sess.                Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.                "                       Senate.
unvarnished tale—the troth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth. Stump orators
and legislators can talk themselves hoarse as to
details, and not charge a figure of this result upon
general data, intelligible to the most common ca-
pacity.
Much has been said of the enormous payments
made to redeem Treasury notes. But that is evi-
dence of ample means, if as many new notes
are not issued, and not of extravagance in any
case, if the new issues do not go far beyond the
amount redeemed. Thus, in the last four years, if
mingling'like the Secretary the redemption of Trea-
sury notes with common expenses, and thus in-
creasing the apparent extravagance several inil-
lians, any body could and would have made that
Administration appear to have spent thirty or forty
millions more than it really did. And yet, in the
whole period, up to the 1st of January, it did not
owe an amount of Treasury notes, for the whole
time, more than about four and a half millions.
The aggregate has been swollen, merely by the is-
sue of new ones for old ones, in most cases without
increasing the real expenses, er the real debt.
Stripping- off party disguises and ignorant miscon-
ceptions, such are believed to be the true views of this
interesting subject, a subject which, in this respect,
is made the theme of the grossest carelessness, if not
mistake; and which, by bad juxtaposition of 'state-
ments, by omissions, and mystification, has led the
Secretary's own fnends all over the country to
quote him as authority for the flagrant calumny on
his predecessors, that they have left the Treasury
burdened with a debt of thirty-one millions at'least,
if not forty. When, in other places, he is found to
admit that it is only about six millions; and most of
that not due till next year; all of it temporary; and
all of it likely to have been extinguished before De-
cember, if ths conduct of the United States Bank
s>ince the 1st of January last had not been such, and
with such developments, as to covor large portions
of the country with ruin, paralyze business, injure
American credit for a time at home and abroad,
and thus reduce largely our revenue from foreign
commerce.
I shall next proceed to inquire into the estimates
and calculations in detail, by which the Secretary
arrives at the conclusion of a large deficit for the
year, and then for the ensuing three months, which
it was necessary to provide for in so early and ex-
traordinary a manner. And first, let me ask if
there be no important omissions in the report of
what is useful to decide correctly in this inquiry,
and which ought to be supplied before printing ex-
tra copies of it, or acting on its recommen-
dations. It omits entirely the statement of the
actual receipts and expenditures of the past three
months, which were facts and certain, and
bearing dlrecdy on the opinions that should be
tormed of the next three, while it computes
a deficit for the next three in mere estimates or
conjecmres, which are entirely uncertain. It next
omits any statement,substantive andseparate, of the
whole computed expenditures under existing *p~
piopriations, exclusive of the debt, either for the
whole of the year 1841, or for the part of it after
our opponents came into power ou the 4th of
March, or far th<; ensuing three months. These
statements would have been natural and would
havrt removed much doubt that now exists in this
document on some of these important points.
Equally useful and desirable would it have been to
s--e a statement of the amount of debt, which he
supposes would be due under existing appropria-
ting at (SiAPiid nf the next three months and at
the Secretary at the close of the year, must, and
should' be, regarded virtually as a debt of the past
Administration; and hence, if the debt was not
forty millions, or thirty-one or thirty-three—handed
over, in their language, as "the legacy of Van
Burenisra" to the present Administration on the.
4th of March—it was at least sixteen millions.-
But will gentlemen use their eyes and common
sense a moment on this point? Let us examine the
items of this $16,088,215 18, which the Secretary
computes to be an "estimated deficit," with such
apparent exactness, as to go down even to cents—
to eighteen cents in a mere estimate, and that one
involving the sum of sixteen millions. I do not
object to great exactness in past expenditures,
which, of course, are known, and can, and per-
haps may, properly enough, in fiscal exhibits, be
stated m cents, when they exist. But this preten-
sion to such minute accuracy in an estimated defi-
cit, is a little too bad; and more especially in a do-
cument so abounding in large errors and numerous
discrepancies i'i its estimates and statements, even
to the extent of several millions. But the Secre-
tary may be entitled to some indulgence en this
score oí using cent-; in his estimates, on account of
me example probably set him by the estimates for
civil foreign intercourse, &c. some of thpm coming
from his superior officer in the State Department,
and, for aught l know, the consequence of the well
krown vigilance and care in money matters, which
distinguish the Secretaries, whether upper or under,
in that Department. Of the items wmch constitute
thts sixteen millions, the last one of four millions,
has never yet b«en even appropriated, and is, of
course, not due as a debt to any body.
It is merely four milii.ns which the Secretary
wishes to ruvc authorized, as a surplus in the
Treasury, and v, inch, oí course, on the repeal of
the Sub-Treasu ¡, which he recommends, and
which gentlemen nave already voted for, it is to be
plac d in the broken Stae banks, to be loaned and
banked on without interest to us, and this at our
expense, as we sh<ill be obliged to borrow it for
them, and pay interest on the loan, or it will be
placed in the same way, and fcr the same purpose,
in the new '•/¡sea'." or Treasury or Government
Bank, at the landed idea of which our opponents
last year had sush horrors.
But what a shallow pretence it is that this four
millions, or any part oí it, is now, or was last
March, a debt! Deduct it, and the twelve millions
remaining is the sum formerly referred to, about
six of which ihe Secretary admits not to be a
debt due last March, or even in this year, and the
other six is half of it, at least, as I shall soon ex-
plain in detail, manufactured from new and addi-
tional appropriations now requested, but which
had not passed last March, nor do they even now
exist, except on pap<_r. and in imagination and
hope.
The other three, without nor/ dwelling on other
particulars, are more than all counterbalanced by
the over-esti.aate of expenditures under existing
appropriation?. Thus, in brief, for example, the
new and permanent appropriations for this year
were, as before explained, bat eighteen mil'ioHs
anda third, and by a table annexed to ¡he Secre-
tary's own report «ere under that sum. On this
amount the expenditures, by the practica and usage
for almost all time since ibis Government began,
would be such .10 to leave, at ihe end of the year,
about the same amount unexpended as is spent oí
the old or former appropriation. In this way the
whole expenditure m any year nearly equals just
about the aggregate of the new and permanent ap-
propriations.
The Secretary then ought to spend for the cur-
rent service in 1841, only about eighteen 13 nineteen
millions, when he proposes to spend for >t over
twenty-three milUutis, or an excess of four to five
millions, and considerably beyond all, which re-
mains of the computed debt or deficit of sixteen
million .
If to ci-ver some contingencies and fluctuations,
the expenditure might go to twenty millions.and that
be deemed the maximum, and which was the
maximum in the annual report last December,
he  excess  proposed by the Secretary would still
be more than three millions, and alone would ab-
sorb all the balance of the sixteen.
I concede, however, that by pushing the expen-
ditures hastily and inconsiderately, in every quar-
ter of the country, to aid this object or that—this
or that individual—and that, by making large and
premature advances, the expenditures may, in
truth, be thus inflamed or augmented. But I do
say, that if this should unfortunately prove to be
the result, it will grow out of a departure from
long usages, and, I ,'ear, be a violation of what is
due to the public interests, more especially in the
straitened condition of our fiscal affairs.
Thu«, the- disappears all pretence of any debt
due this year? ueyond our means under the aggre-
gate of six'f en millions. What then is the real
debt already cvated? What part of it is to fall
due this j ear, and what the next? And what
amount of adu-li^nal debt does the new Adminis-
tration recommend to be created for its own ap-
propriations and bank capital the present yeai?
Seriously is thisinforma'ion desired, and will any
of the Committee of Ways and Means give it to
me? No; either they cannot ascerlatn it satisfacto-
rily from the report, or the results would not be
very flattering to the comparison, as to economy
and extravagance between the two Administra-
tions.
Will they include for this Administration the
Secretary's new surplus of four millions? Will
they include the fourth instalment or not, and bor-
row or not nine e: ten Millions for that, whtch the
Secretary in his new Bank project says, most unad-
visedly and erroneously has already been "appropri-
ated?" Will they include six millions more, which
he recommends unconditionally to aid in establish-
ing the capital of a new National Ban!;? and five
millions more sti-1, in case individual* do not sub-
scribe enough? Will they include three millions
more for what they give away from the public
lands to the States? and three more for their new
appropriations for the War Department, extra
session, and census?
This i>i 3 vtry modest aggregate of debt appa-
rently requested, equalling at least thirty millions,
connected with measures of the new reform and
economical Administration, while for the past ex-
travagant Administration there should not be, at
the utmost, both this and the nexi year, but from
four to six millions.
Now am { right in these inferences from the
report itself, and bow rnivh of this saving and re-
forming policy will Csngre*. approve? That is the
important inquiry. What did ihe President, too,
think should be authorized for all these purpose.-?
And what aggregate do either of them in reality
mean you shall fund for all these purposes? The
country is faint with expectation to know
s meihir.g certain and intelligible of the views of
their highest officers on sach a momentous mea-
sure to them and their children—a measure which
certainly tends, however designed, to mortgage to
British capitalists their w-rk nops, farms, and fire-
sides for ages; and render us all mere htwers of
wood and drawers ofvust-r tu oar ancient oppiessor?.
On the comr-ry, ll at 1 am right in respactto the
delusive prejudice '*li!ch h.isbepnsot up against
the past AdiP'MsUs"' --\ ¡or a debt of forty mil-
lions, or eve-. M-ir¡;', vx twenty, or te':, another
course of reasoning, and a hide c-xeieise of plain
practical sense, will demors'rate. A nation is like
a'i individual n these re'pf.rs. What is the debt
of any man <>n any p'ven day? It  must be ih«
amount of sd.nnted cl:ims which o'hers hold
against him unsatit Sed. B it others held against
the United States, ou .hfi- first of this ye-tr, only
about four and a half millions due of Treasury
notes; and oa the 4.rt of March only between five
and six million", and a considerable portion of this
not payable tiij another year. Tnis is the whole
mystery and wonder in a nutshell. Before this
¡ear ends-, the debt on the existing appropriations is
more likely to be reduced tnan mcreastd; because
of the appropriations outstanding, there were
several millions le^s, instead of more, than in seve-
ral yearsimmediately prior, and the expenses under
them were satisfied as fully as usual, or your table
would have been loaded with the clamorous com-
plaints of crediiors asking relief.    This is the
■h° <nd of ¡he year; as atso in conformity
{■=, opinions just expressed by me, the amount
which he has recommended to be created this year,
under new appropriations yet to be passed, whsther
for the ordinary session, or for capital to a fiscal
Bank, or any other object.
Why have ill these imporlant results been left
uneompuied; and either entirely omitted, or so
mixed up and confused with other matter, that it
would puzzle a Sphinx to unriddle them to the satis-
faction of every one, even of our oppo-
nents. If it does not, will any of them, or any one
of the Committee of Ways and Means, now-state
to me what they suppose his opinions to be W
