June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S
27th Cong-•••1st Suss.
merely in the hands of justice, and has nothing to
fear from "God and the country" if he js as inno-
cent as he now alleges, and as humanity would
wish him to be.
Gen Jackson was right, and the committees and
orators who condemned him were wrong He was
right in the law and in the application of t^e law
He had no musty volumesof national law to refer to
in the swamps of Florida, and he needed none. He
had the law of nature, and of nations, in his heart.
He had an American heart, and that heart never
led him wrong, when the rights, the interest, and
the hcnor of his country were at stake. He hung
"the Englishmen who were excitirg savages to the
murder of our women and children; and the policy
of the measure is no less apparent than its legahty.
Before that time, Englishmen were eternally in the
ranks of the Indiana, stimulating them to hosti'i-
ties upon us since that time no Englishman has been
heard of among them. The example was whole-
some—its effect «alutary It has given us twenty-
five years of exemption from English interference
in our Indian hostilities, and if the assassins of the
Caroline shall be hung up in like m?nner, it will
give us exemption from future British outrage
along the extended line which divides the Union
from the Canada*."
It is mournful, Mr. President, continued Mr. B.
to see gentlemen of eminent abilities consulting
books to find passages to justify an outrage upon
their own country. Better tar to throw away the
books, and go by the heart. Then, at Jeast, they
would always nave the consolation of being on
their country's side. Better even to take the rale
ef the illustrious Commodore whose ¡"cHons have
shed so much lus're upon the American name,
(Decatur,) and go for their country, right or wrong
Then they would always have at least taeir hearts 
on their side Bes'des, there is no boo'c which fits
oar case—which was written for the duplicate Go.
vernments which we possess. We have State Go-
vernments as well as a Generil Government, and
tbese State authorities have their rights, and are
sovereign within them. The protection of the
lives, liberty and property of their citizens, is
among these rights; the punishment of murder, ar-
son, and burglary, are among the right? rf the
States. If the e wa nod" mg n úi° law of nations,
as written in, th" books, 'o recognise these ngh"%
it would be nee ssary and p oper for us to cau-e a
new line to be written 11 those boobs. But this is
not the case. Th- law of na irns, as they now
stand, is sufficient for us. The passage quoted
from Vattel by the Senati r f-om Pennsyl-
vania is parnied and conclusive in our favor. It
applies to the case of McLeod, and covers it, and
if we give up that mar, upon the demand of the
Briton Government, we shrink from th  defence of
r ght, and 'offer the law of nations to be violated
in our persons.
This brings me to th? case before us. What is
it? The fact* of the case are all spread oat In offical
document , and the evidence of them are clear and
undeniable An American team ferry bo?t tra
verse's the Niagara river, she carne  passengers
and property from one shore to the o'her The
English believe, aid perhaps traly, thai she carneo
men and arms to the insurgents m Casada, aad
without any appeal to «rnr Governments, e thcr
State or Federal—without applying to us 10 pit
our own laws m force against lur—an Fngish
officer, of his own head, wihout Acknowledge of
the British Government, de'ermires to do—what?
Not to watch the suspected ve«sel, arrest her in the
fact, seize the guilty and spare the umocH, but to
s eal upon her in the night, board her asleep, and
des'roy her at the American shore, under the flag
of her country In the evening of the mediated
oatrage, volunteer;, are called for—fifty or sixty
dashing, daring fellows—ready to follow their lead-
er to lbs d"=vd, for that was the language used,
and it proves the expedition to have been a diabo-
lical one, and worthy to be led as well as followed
by demons The arms were sabres ana pistols;
the season of attack, midnight; the means of ar>
proach, light boab and muffled oars; the progress,
slow, silent and stealthv, that no suspicious sound
should alarm the sleeping victims. The order
was, death and no qmrUr,   Thus prepared and
Case of McLeod—Mr. Bentan.
led, they approach the beat in the dead of the
night—reach her without dicovery—rush on board
—fly to the berths—cut, s'asb, stab and shoot all
whom they see—pursue ¡he flying, and besides
those in the boat, kill one man at least upon the
soil of his country, far fiom the water's edge
Victorious in an attack where there was no resist-
ance, the conquerors diew the vessel into tha
midst of the current, set her on fire, and with all
ber contents—the dead, the living, the wounded
and the dying—send her m flames over the fright-
ful cataract of the Niagara McLeod, tne man
whose re'ease is den-ane'ed from us, was (accord-
ing to his ov. n declarations, made at the time in h's
own country, repeated since in our?, and accord) 11s.
to the sworn testimony of one of the surwvors,)
an actor in that piratical and cowardly traced^.
Accordirg to his own ?sSertions, and the admis-
s ons of his comrades, he was one ot the foremo t
in that cruel work, and actually kil'ed one of the
"damned Yankees" to use his own  0'd', with his
own hards.
All this was in December of the year 1837 It
filled he country with indvnft on It fired the
bosoms of the border *ettleis on a line of fifteen
hundred miles Retaliation was m every rseart,
threat"; in every mouth, and war írnm.není. Mr.
Van Buren was then President To calm the
spmts of the excited, pvoclama'ions were issued to
them. To prevent acis of retaliation, troops were
raised and stationed ahrg the line To oi tarn re-
dress for the outrage to our cmzers, and the insult
to our rat'oiwl character, applicmon wa  made to
the British Government to repair <h" urong that
wa? dene. Th^tGivernmen de'ayed its an vei
to oiii j ist demand—avc ided the ¿sumption of the
crirmral act—excuse1 and jis ificd vithout assum-
ing it—rewarded tl e offencer-, v 1 h tules, pensions,
and praises—and clearly encouraged them to do
lha like again. Diplomacy v as st II drawing out
its lengthened thread—still weaving its long and
dilatory web—still Penelop ?mg—when the same
McLeod, the boaster in Canada of his active share
m this triple crime of midnight murder, arson, and
robbery, e-osses over to the American side and
repeats, ¡n the hearing of Americans, and on the
sp >t which had been tne <-e ne of his exploit, the
audacious boast of his participation in if Justice
men took hold him. The law? of Ne-v York laid
their hands upon *> ir>, ¡>nd 1 grand jnry of the vt-
cinase, on an mdic nentrepnhily preferred, re-
turned a true b'!l aa?irst him. A tria', of coursp,
was to take place 11 the courts of the State whose
laws had been violated, whise ci izers had bren
murdered and robbed, whose peace bad bren dis-
turbed, and whose authority hid been set at defi-
ance. The news of this proceeding fl es to the
British Minister h re that M nuter addresses a
note to the Secretary of State, (Vr Foisyth ) de-
manding toe release of McLeod, and the Sec-eta-
ry answered, by t <* d r°ctto.i cf ta  then President,
(Mr. Vaa Buren ) th it this man bcirc cipned
with offences against the liws of New York, 'he
General Government had no right to m'er-
f*re, and shou'd not do so. Tnis ?n-wer was
read in the Senate m January l„st, v/ien most
cf the present members of the b"dy were then
present—when th" present Secre'ary of fta'p
and the present Attornev G neral were feoth
present—when all the old Senator* now i-ere were
prese"t—and when this respou e ot Mr Firsyt'i,
refusing to gise up McLeod, or to 1 iter ere with
the courts of New York, received the unanimous
approoation of th s chamber'                    •
Mr B. repeated ihe express^oii, unammojs ap-
probation' and said that he voald pause for cor-
rection, if he was m staken. He paused Several
Senators exclaimed, "yes, \8"."
Mr B continued I remember 'hereidmg of tint
letter well, and the feeling of unammors npprobs-
tion whtch pervaded the chamber \-,hen it ~>a"
read Every Senator that spoke expressed his ap-
probation No one signified dissent, and the feel-
ing was then universal tnat the proper answer had
been given by Mr. Forsyth—ihe answpr which the
law of nations, the dignity of the Union, and the
nahts of New York required to be given. If I am
wrong in my recollection, I repeat the request, let
me be corrected now.;
Senate.
[Several voices cried out, "right, right." No ose
said the'eontrary.]
Mr B resumed: a great point—one vital and
conclusive in this inquiry, is now established. I
is established, that in the month of January last,
when Mr ForsythS le ter was read in th'i cham-
ber, we were all of opinion that he had given, the
correct and proper answer, and among the Sena-
tor^ then present were Ih  present Secretary of
State, the present Attorney General, all the old Ss- *
nators row piesent, and four-fifths of the whole
number now present In a word, the Senate was
constituted as it now is, with the exception of nine
member  who have go re out, and the same num-
ber who have eome in.
In January ¡ait, as we now see, it was the
unanimous sense ot 'heSca'e thnt McLeod should
not b  given up—that the coarse of justice in New
York should rot be interrupted, and this also, I feel
justified in <ayinz, was the sense of the House of
Representatives. The McLeod correspondence was
communicated to t lat body. Five thousand copies
of it were moved to be printed. A reference of
the whole was made to the Commntee of Foreign
Ke ations; and the judgment cf the Hou¿e pppeared
to be the same of that of the Sena'e.
In the month of Janu iry last, it may thm be as-
serted, that the two Houses of Congress approved -
the decision oí President Van Bnren; and, accord
mg to that decision,  McLeod was neither to be
given up, nor the course of justice in New York
mteifeied with by the Federal Government.
Mr Fox received the answer of Mr. Forsytfe>—
transmitted it to his Government—and received
from that Government precise ínstmcticns to avow
and assume the attack on the Caro'i«ea& ? national
act—to make a peremptory demand for th  release
of McLeod—to threaten us with zenits conse-
quences m the event of refusal—and, as the British
newspapers -.aid, to demand his passports, and
leave the country—if his demand was not immedi-
a'ely complied with It was on the evening of the
4tn day of March—the day of the inauguration of
the new Presiden'—that the news of these mstrttc
tion^rnved in this c ¡y, and along with them the
war threats and the war speeches 01 the press ard
public men of England—the threat of many pa-
pers to send admirals and war steamers to batter
down our cities—>nd the diabolical speech of a
Peer of tl>e realm, m the Hou. e of Lords, [Lord
Moun cash ! ] to exc te our three mill ons ot ne-
groes to msurrfc ion—'o rafe al the Indians
against us—-and to des'roy our ¡minces by burst-
ing the paper bubble  upon which they floated
It was rn tne evening of the 4th day of March
tint these m true lors, this demand, this threat,
pnd all these war annwciations, arrived in this
ci'y. The new Prudent had just be°n maugu-
lat d his Cabinet had ja^t been in heated: the
me 1 vho wérf to compose t1 e Presidential council
ii*fe fully known, and 1 underiojkat once to tell
wat wou'd be e'one, I said to several—some now
111 tin city, if not 1,1 this chamber—Mate d mil be
g%wn tip, not directly, but xndxreclly Underhanded
springs mil be set m motion to release h°m, and a let-
ter villi aftet wards be cooked up to show to Congress
and the people, and to justify what had bein done.
Tins is what 1 said; persons are no in this city to
whom I said it and now let u-s lesnme the narra-
tive of events—let us fo'low the cuirent of fscts—
and <ee what was done by the new Administration
whin had jus' b^en mdncted 11 to office in the
midst oí tn imrh?l processions, under the fire of
c^nnor, the beating of drums, the disp'ay of flags,
and with all the slonous pomp ?nd ercumstanea
of v¡ ar.    Let us see what they did.
Oa the 12 h day of March, the new admimstra-
t?n ha^m  had time to organize, Mr. Fox ad-
dresses to Mr Webster a formal demand, in the
name of his Government, for the release of McLeod;
and goes on to say
1 The groumls apon which Ihe British Go\ ernmei t make this
demantTupon the Government of the United Ntates are these
that the tt ansaction on account of which McLeod has been
at rested and is to he put upon his tual was a transaetionof a
puulic character, planned and ex"euted by per on„didy em.
powered by her Majesty's colonial authonue& to uke an/ bteps
an 1 to do aoy ac s which m cht be necessary for the defence of
her Majesty's territories and for the protection of her Majesty's
subjects, and that conseq ently those subjects of her Majesty
who engaged m that transaction were peiforramg an act of
pnMic duty for which they cannot be made personally ana J85
