44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 184Í.
27th ConG""1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
dividaally answerable to the laws and tribunals of any foieigii
country "
And after enforcing this demand, by argument,
contesting the answer given by Mr Forsyth, and
suggesting the innocence of McLeod, the letter
proceeds to say:
" But, be that as it may, her Majesty's Government formally
demand, upon the grounds already stated, the immediate re
lease of Mr McLeod, and her Majesty's Government entreat
the President of the United States to taJve into his most dehbe
rate consideration thQ seuousnature of the consequences which
must ensue from a lejection of this demand "
Tras letter to Mr. Webster bears date on the
12th of March, which was Friday, and will be con-
sidered as having been delivered on the same day.
On the 15th of the same month, which wn? Mon-
day, Mr Webster delivers to the Attorney Gene-
ral of the United Stales, a set of instructions, and
delivers a copy of ihe same to Mr Pox, ir wmch
he yields ¡o ¡he demand of this Minutei, and de-
spatches ttie Attorney General to New York, to
effect the discbarge of the prisoner Tne ws'ruc-
tions, among o'her things, say
"You are well aware that the President has no power to i-
vest the proceeding in thecivt! and criminal courts of the State
of New York If this indictment were j ending in one of the
courts of the United States, 1 im directed to siy that the Piesi
dent, upon the receipt of Mr. Fix s last communication would
have immediately ánecledd nolle prosequi to be entered
"Whether m this case the Governor ot New Yoili have that
p>wer, or, if hehave whether he woul 1 not feel it his duty to
exercise it, are points ur on which we are not informed
"It is undersiojcl til? McLeo 1 lsholden also on civ,I pioces«,
sued out against him by fheownct of die Catoline We sup
pose iu veiy cle-u that the Ev.ecu ive of the Mate cannot mi r
feie with such process, and indeed if such process were pend
mg in the courts of the 1 nited States, ih<* Piesidei t could not
arrest It In such and m my analagons cases the pauy pío e
cuted and suet!, must avail tumseliof his exemption or delence
by judicial p oceedings, either in the c urt into which he is
called, or in some other court But whet i i the pr ices-, bt en
mmal orcmt, thefactof tuvir" tcted undei public ithnit;,
and in obedience to the oiders of lawful tpenois mti t bt re
garded as a valid defence, otherwise, individu lis would be hoi
den responsible forinjuueb íesultiug frt m the acts of Go; em
ment, and even from the operations of public war
"You will I) furnished with a c-tppy of this instruction for
theuseof the Executive o, \cw\ork tnd the attorney Geie
ral oí that State, \ i will cany with you also authentic evi
dence of the lecogmtion by the ilntish Government of the dc
struction of the d.i oline, a* an act of public foice, done by
national authority
"The President is imp essed wl h the ¡ ior ltety t f ti ansf i
ring the trial fioni he seme of tne prmc ptl ficusmnit to
some othei anddisunt county \ou will takacaie^at this
be suggested to the pi sot e-r s counsel lite Pie--i h nt'sgiati
fied to leainthat the Coventor of New Yoik has «dieaiydi
rected that the tnal take place before the Chief Justice of the
State
"Having consulted with the Govcrnoi you will pioceed to
Lockport, or wherever else the trial may beholden, xnd furnish
the prisoner's counsel .vith the evidence of which >t t will be
in possession mateilul to his defence Itou wit tee that 1 e
have bkllful aud eminent counsel,!! such be not aheaily le
tamed, and, tubmen you are not des-ned to ict as c unsel
yourself, yon will cause it to be sonified to him ml to the
gentleman who may conduct his dt fence that it is the wish of
this Government that in ca e bis defence bt ovennle I by ti t
court in which he shall be tittd proper ste¡ s te taken mime h
ately for lemovmg the ctuse, by win of eunr, to the Supierne
Court of the United ¡states
The Piesident hopee-that >ou will ti e itch de patch is f
mlk your arr val at the place of ttial sine hefene the uul
comes on, and he trusts vou vvill keep him informed of what
evei occurs by means of a couespondi.net through this De
partment"
A eepy of these instruction !, as I have «rid, Rere
delivered to Mr For at the time they wee writ en
At the same moment thry we'c dt'ivered to the
ne v Attorney General, ["Mr Crittenden,] «ho, thus
equipt wi'h written dnec ions for h s guide, and
accompanied by an officer of h gh rink in the
United Slates army, [M,, or Gfnerttl Seoit,] iir><ni~
diately proceeded t n the Írteme s of his mi^irn to
the State of SStw York, and to 'he pkre of the im-
pending trial, at Lotiípon About <"ort' ó>y-,
thereafter, mmely, on ft  24 !> Jay ci \pril, !¥?■•
Webster replies to Mr F'Vs leffr of the 12th of
March, elabora i y reviews the casr r 1 ""IcLeol—
jus' fies the instr let om—abs lfes the si bject—a' j
demands nothing t.t "i ti l sovereign t he had an
samed his rffence
T'hus, what I h <! ratd on the evemrg oí tho 4 h
of Match had cot"e to past.    Underhanded «pi n
bad beei, set in motion to re)eace t'ie> man, a >et-
ter was afterwaros cooiced up to justify ¡be act
This, sir, is h' narrante of the rase—the histo-
ry of it down to the pot"t ai«b(h t now st;>n 's,
and upon this cas* I propose t' ma "re some r -
marks, and, m the first plac. to e aTitne itto tl e
legality and the propnet) of the m s-sjen ¡n wmeh
our Attorney Geneial was eroj loyed I mean ihis
as a preliminary inquiry, unconnet t«d vith the ge-
neral question, and solely relating to the sending
cf our Attorney General into any State to interfere
in any business m its courts I believe this mis-
sion of Mr. Crittenden to New York was illegal
and improper—a violation of our own statutes,
and will test it by referring to the law under which
the office of Attorney General was created, and the
duties of 'he officer defined That law was
passed in 1789, and is in these words:
" Anil there shall also be appointed a meet person learned
m the law to act as Attorney General of the United S ates, who
shall be sworn, or affirmed, to a faithful execution of his office,
whose duty it shall be to prosecute and conduct all suits in the
Supieme Court in which the United States shall be concerned,
and to give his advice and opinion upon questions of law, when
required by the Pie&ldent of the Jnited States, or when le
quested by any of the heads of the Departments, touching any
matteis th t may concern their departments, and shall receive
such compensation fot his seivices as shall be by law provided '
Here, saio. Mr. B are the dunes of the Attorney
Generul He is subject to no orders whatever from
the Secretary of Sta'e. That Secretary has nothing
to do wi'h him except to request h s 'egal advice
oa a matter which concerns hij dep'nment Ad
vice on a question of municipal law was doub'ks"
what vgs intended, out no advice of any kind
s em- to have been asked of the Attorney Gene-
r> I He seems to have been treated as the offie al
subordma'e of the Secretary—as his clerk or
messenger—aid sent off w th "instructions'" wh'ch
he was to read ard t j execute Tnis -«fas certainly
an illegal assump'ion of  .t,thonty over the Attor-
ney General, an assumption 'ih'ch ihe statute do-s
not recogn se. In tr,e next place, this officer is s H
into a State court to a si tat the delenct? of a per-
son on trial m thit court for a v olation of the
State laus, and ir directed to employ einmetit ard
4c Ifal c nn^e 'o" him—to fu.rt h hi" "' ™ evi-
dence—to susge tarhrrp'5 of «en e—ant tn c' e a
ant of error to t ,e Supi 'me Ouit of the Urit et(
State*, if the detenre of'he prisoier b° overruled
bi the Slate court. If brough* to th  Supreme
Couit by this wi oferroi— novel application ot
tlip writ, t must bj admi ted—hen the Attorney
Gnnera' is to ap e^i in th i court re l^e pri"oner,
no' to prosecute hiiinfh* fa1" e f the Uii'td
Staks, but to 1 «miss the writ Nov/, it is very
clear that all thi  s fb'eign to ih duty of the At-
torney GerTal—fore £ti to his effiep—d 'revctfpl
fcvd mjunojs to tos S ata cf ¡Vctv Ytrk— neompa-
tible with her judical independence—and ttndmg
to bring the General Gove1nm3nt and the State Go-
ve niient into collision McLeod, a ft leigner, i„
under prosecution in a Siatc conrt for the murder
of its citizens, the ímpo'tanceot the case has m
duced the Governor of the Sta'e, <>« he has official
ly .nformed its Legislature, to duect the At*orre_>
Genera1 of the S ate to repair t > the 'pot, a"d to
piosrcule the prisoner in tersen, a^J here is the
Atio-ney General of the United Sivss s nt to he
«ai^e p'ace to defend the s me person gam** ihe
A'torne, General of the Stale' T e admonition
to i'r Crittenden, that 1 e ia , not d sired 'o =ct as
counsel himself, w. s an ?Jmis>ion thit lv ought
m t so *o act—that all he vas do ng w i  
gal an! nnp'iper—?nd that h= sh iuld of
carry the imprt pneiy so far as to make it
puolic hy mpkmg a peet> He was fo ot -
pjee the S'ate with^t1* nub cl/ appei.'rg tj
do "o; and, as foi b. s dut}' in t" Sup eme
Court of the Unit \ S^i-^, h  \ -s to vol  e
thf t ontrigi't, by cfng fot i ° so i 11, in te d ot
i ic PCvJirvj for tt e Un ' d Sta es1 Fioti "11 tni^
I told it'o bj cleat, ' " our ?t n'n / Gen^ia'
h" bc^T il'ffgillv i' ip ooe 'y   plo^d i ¡ this
b s >ess, nat all that , e I as ' n , ai 1 ah the ei-
j °i, e hat heh^s ,nt < : (d, tni Ú e fi « he m y
have pror ^e' > ° n • oaly v i'h ut 1 w bit
a^Sin't anj;in lliat l >e us t >fth«'S toofITcw
\ nk mvoit i en y b«en niva led " d >ifr nge 1 in
thisiii erfe>enre m ar'irrinal''la'jbutth r th ntHs
andm'pre0 st f '• co^nes of t' e Cai re, -hohdve
brotifht a civil ?Ciioi ag.iii tMtLeod for tUmagts
f'K the üe^truc'ioii of thei- prcpt m% have b-en ako
g dtuitou ly ps ailed in thai ,iirt of ih3 Secrrlarv's
instructions m which he declare 'h^t such ( vi1
sait cannot be maintained Í cotiop er th" mis  ion
as ll'egal in itself, aid m/ol in" a tr pie illegality,
first, as it c< ncerns the Attorney Qc i ral himself,
who was sent to a place where ^e b„d no ri^ht to
go, nexl, as it concern"; tt>e State of New Yoib, as
interfering \"i h her<tdmu i< (ration of justice, ->rid,
thirdly, as it concerns the owners of the Carolw,
who have sued McLeod for damages, and whose
suit is declared to be unmaintainable
I now proceed, Mr. President, to the mam in-
quiry in this case, the correctness and propriety of the
answer given by our Secretary of Slate to Mr. Fox,
and its compatibility mth the honor, dignity, and fit-
we welfare of this Republic.
I look upon the "instructions" which were given
to Mr. Crittenden, and a copy of which were sent
to Mr Fox, as being the answer to that Minister;
and I deem the letter entitled an answer, and
dated forty days afterwards, as being a mere after-
piece—an article for home consumption—a speech
for Buncombe, as we say of our addresses to our
constituents—a pleading intended for us, and not
for the English, and wholly designed to excuse and
defend the real answer so long before, and so
promptly given I will give some attention to th'S,
so called, Tet'cr, before I quit the case, but for the
present my business is with the "instructions," a
ropv of v. hich being delivered to Mr. Fox, was
THE ANSWER to his DEMAND; andas such
was transmitted to the British Government, and
quoted m the House of Commons as being entirely
sa',slactt>ry This quotation took place on the 6'h
day of May, several days before t'.c, so called,
letter of the 24th of April could possibly have
reiched London. Lord John Rsssell, ¡n answer
to a que tion from Mr. Hiife, rtan d o these m-
strucicns as beim; satislac'ory, and silenced all
further inquiry about the affair, by ihotvirg that
they had all they w .nted
i hold these, in truc'ions to have been erroneous,
in po nt of rat mal Lv derogatory to us m point
oimtional character, and tending to the future
degrada icn and wjurv oí 'his Republic
ihat the Secretaiy has mistaken the law of the
case in consenting to me release of McLeod is per-
suasively shown by referring to ihe opinions of the
tsio Houses of Corgress in January last. Their
opinions were thej unanimous in favor of Mr.
For&yth's answer, and 'nil srswer vasa peremp-
tory refusal either to aurmt that McLeod ought to
be relerset, or to m'erfere in hia behalf wi'h the
courts of New York 'ihe reasons urged by Mr.
Fox in his letter to Mr. Fors>th for making the
demand, wrre nreciseiy the same  i h hose subse-
quen ¡y given in the letter to Mr. Webster. The
only difference in the two demands sas in the for-
mality of the latter, being under instructions from
hu Government, and ¿n the threat which it con-
tained. In other ¡especls tae two demands were
the saTie, so that, at the outset of this inquiry, we
have t>*e opinions of the Secretary of State, Ihe
Attotney General, and the body of the>r friends jh
the t«o Houses of Congress to plead against them-
sclvc .
I next refer to the prguments which have been
used by my friend* who have preceded me, espe-
cially the opening speech of the Sena'or from
Pennsylvania, [M-. Buchanan,] ard his pertinent
and conclusive quotation from Vattel The whole
argument wa  close and pointed, and the quotation
was absolute / irresistible. It was in these words •
' Ifowevt l as it is impossible for the best regulated State, or
for tne nTsL tgilant and absolu.e sovereign to model at his
ft t u e all the deli msof his sttbjetts and to confine them on
ever/occasion to the most e\act obedience  it would be unjust
' to impute to the nation or the sovereign eveiy lauk committed
by th^ ci i/ens Weou^ht not then to say, in itet eral, that we
have ~ ee ed n miuiy fiom a nation, because we have le
ceiveu it fiom oie of it  members
But if a nation oi ¡ts c n f appioves and ratifies the act of
I   th   inu vi tu i    i the i becm     a public   oneern and tne m
irclpirty l« tKen to rolsidei the na ion ts the real author of
the mji iv of which the cit 7ea was, perhaps only the mstiu
I   ment
Ifih otfcnled ^taff I astnher pui *>/ I t im dual icho
losj ncllrinju y '/e nay in haut scruflp burnt Invito
jmlire, end p nibh htu    If h= I ts csr-tped  and leturned to
i   his own coiuitiy she outfit to ai ¡ y to lus soveieign to have
j   in nee done in the case '
This is the case hetorr u- Tne malefactor is
ta^en, and ¡s in the hards of j'-sfce. His imputed
crime 'S mi.rdet, arson and r bbery His Govern-
ment, bj ts utrmg his c me, cannot absolve his
guilt, nor defeat our r ght M try and prnuh him
ar o-d nj 'o ia  Tne assumption of bis act only
ir'r's o the number of the culpable, and sivei us
an additional offender to deal with them, if we
«cose. We may proceed against one or both,
b t to give up tie individual when we have him,
w thout redress from the nation, which justifies
him, ,s   to   throw away   the  advantage which
