June, 1841;
27th Cons.".1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
between the two Administrations  weie to be ad-
justed.
He would leave this topic, however, and proceed
to th' next, which was to see by what procsss the
honorable Secretary had arrived at hit  deficit, or
d<.bt, call it which he pleaded, at ihe clo«e of the
present year. This was done by assuming that he
would expend, withm the ten months remaining to
him of ihe year, fiom the appropriations outstand-
ing and unexpended on the 4th of March, the ^um
before mentioned, of           .           $24,210,000 00
And that in addition to this heavy
amount he would expend, with-
in the same period, the whole of
his proposed rewappropriations
of                     .           .           .2 521,336 98
Thus determining hi* want of
means for the ten months to be $26,731,336 98
From this amount of means sup-
posed to be requ^ed, the Secre-
tary deducts the m.ans suppo ed
to have been provided by the
la«t Congress, and which he es-
timates at                                     20,730 395 84
And thus arrives at his assumed
deficiency, or debt, which   he
supposes will exist on the 1st oí
January next, to the amount of    §8 000,941 14
Here it became necessary to examine these hy-
potheses of the  honorable Sece ary a lidie before
proceeding to anal)i!e his supposed debt.   The ex-
penditure here proposed by the Secretary for ihe
ten month",  will b* at the ra'e of 4,2,673,133 69
per month, and  §32,077,604 28  per annum,  an
excess per month oyer the measme of expenditure
adop'ed by his predecessor   in office, and follow-
ed  'or   the   ft st   two months    oí   the  >ear,   of
|359 550 37,  and  an  annual excess ef $4 314,-
604 44
Again   the honorable Secretary   has given the
expenditures, previous to the 4th of Marcn, at
§4,627,1 b6 4 5
And he now proposes  to expend,
from the  4tb  of March,  to the
31st of December, both inclu-
sive, the further sum of            .   26,731 336 98
This will make the actual expen-
ditures oftbe year 1841, if he
succeeds in his aUicipations,
s,we)l up to        .           .            . $31.358,503 62
Take from this ihe appropria-
tions for the service of the year,
as made by the last Congress,
and before given           .           .   18,381,197 41
And we shall leave an expenditure
within the year, over and above
the  whole   appropriations   for
the service of the year, as made
by the Congre s xrbose  duty it
was to make those appiopna-
tons.of            •           •           .^12 977 306 21
An amount two-thirds a^ large as the whole of
those appropriations.
Compare the means provided by the last Con-
gress for the year 1841,according to the Secretary' 
own ettima'e of them, with the appropriations
made by that Congress for the year, and see how
far they enabled.the experdttures to be carried be-
yond their appropriations, wi hout any aid fiom a
new Congress, or any addition io us appropria-
tions by such authority. The expenses up lo the
4th of March, have been ascertained by the Secie
tary, from the accounts of payments actually ma'e
irom the Treasury up to that day, and are iiven
to us at the sum o£           -           -  #4,627,166 64
The Secretary further tells us, in
the report  before  us, that his
means, from the 4th of March,
to ¡he 31st of December, both
inclusive, without any new aid,
"Si be              -                           20,730,395 84
This will make fha while means
for the year, provided by the
last Congress   •
The appiopna'ions for the year, as
shown above, were       -           -   18,381,197 41
Thus showing an excess cf mean;
provided by trie last Congrcs
for the pie^cnt year, ovtr and
above the whole amount of ap-
propriations made fonts service,
of       -           -           -           -     $6,976,3G5 07
Such will be the surplus of means at the com
mand of ihe Secre'ary, from his own showing,
over ¿nd above ihe entire appiopnations for the
whole year, as made by the last Congress.
He would now proceed to analjze the Secretary'--
defici', oi debt anticipated to exiit <tt the close of
th's year and which, as had before been seen, hr
estimated a*.        -           -           -   &6 006 941 14
This included the new appropria-
tions recommended, and not yet
mad , and m reference io a
' rest" in the accounts between
the two Admmwri'.nons, or to
whit would have been th'.' situa-
tion of theTieasury if ihe new
Congress had not I eeri convened,
they should clearly be deducted    2 o2\ 336 98
|25,357,562 48
This would show the anticipated
6'eficit growing out of paymen's
au homed by the last Congress,
to amount to    -           -           -    §3,479,604 16
Ar o her   deduction   should most
clearly   be made in justice to
ihe late Administration,   to fix
the   "re«t"   in   the   accoun's
at  the true point.    He allud d
to   the   money   on  deposite in
the   mails   f°r   'he    purchase
ot    bullion.      The     Secretary
had not included   it in  his, es l-
mate of means, because he says
it «honld bs deve ted to th-it u*-e,
and in lhat he may be right In
policy,  but it was money   on
hand, left by the last Admi-
nistraron for ihe use o( the pre-
sent, and for which  it  should
have credit before it is eharged
with a debt.    The amount the
Secretary s'ates to be  -           -        215,15183
This Will reduce the aMicipattd
deficit to           -           -           -   #3 261,452 28
There was anoiher item included in
the Secretary 'a estimate ot ex-
penditures   for   the   last   ten.
monlhs of tnis year, which was
clesrly erroneous.    He alluded
to an amount tf Treasury no'es
issued between the la ot Janu-
ary and 4'h of March of the
present }ear, and not upon their
fac-payable till tiie next year.
Pecause they were by law re-
ceivable in payment of public
dues, the Secretary haa assuuu d
that they would come in for re-
demption, in  that wav, before
the close of the year, but they
were all 6 pel cent, notes, and
would not come in to any extent
while that interest was running
upon them. The «hole amount
was $1,110 611 CS, and it w;s
perfect!  safe to expect that at
1 ast   $1 000,0' 0   00   of  tne.n
would rema"! out till next year,
when  they   would  become duo
?nd the interest would «top. To
th's cste.it,  ihereftri,   ihe Se-
cietary bad clearly overestima-
ted ihe  expenditures of the year
in this one item.and this amount
should  bo deducted from his de
ficit,             -             -             -   $1,000,000 00
This will reduce his defie ency, or
dtb', to         -         ...   12,264,452 28
As to the first two iteras above deducted from
ihe estimated df ficit of the Secretary at the end of
this ytar, it seemed to h.m there could be no ejues-
Hon in an) quar er.    Trie first was an amount of
appropriates not yet made, and which might not
be made; and the second was  money actually in
ihe Treasury and subject to  draft  at pleasure to
meet any exis'mg appropria1 ion.   So far,  there-
fore, no necesMly for a call of Congress to supply
means to the Treacury was presented, end no defi-
cit should be presented composed of those Hems to
give the appearance  ol such a necessity.   As to
the third item deducted, hs had made inquiry and
he found that the 6 per cent. Treasury notes not
due were m such demand, both from  individuals
?nd banks, as a safe and profitable investment,
that the Secretary of the Treasury was constantly
compelled to decline appjicaums to lisue them in
exchange for  coin, or baaitable funds in   New
York.    Indeed, a member of this body had, within
a very few days past, made applica'ion, on behalf
of a friend, for such an exchange to ihe amount
of §20 000, and ihe Secretary found it to be his du-
ty io decline it    Was u bkely, then, lhat these
notes, drawing six per cent  nieic-t, and having
from seven to ten inon hs to run, would be volun-
tarily paid  info ihe Treasury instead of money?
Was it likely that such notes would be toiuntarily
so paid hereafter, when we were dispensing with
all demand for gold and silver in the payment of
the   public due',  and   have already   done   lhat
so   far as   the   action   of   this   body was   con-
cerned ?     Was   it    likely   that   an   individual,
or    a   bank,    would    pay    out   notes,    resting
upon    the   fanh   and    ciedit of   this   Govern-
ment, and drawing an interest   of six per cent.
where any specie paying bank no'e would make
the payment a-well and would draw  no  interest?
Experience had already answered these írquries,
loi these notes had not come in for publ c dues  to
any considerable extent woen ihey were not jet
duo, hereto'oie,  although one quarter of all pay-
ment were required to he made m Treasury notes
oi m gold and silver.   There' ould not be a doubt,
therefore, lhat the Secretary of the Treasury bad,
in relation to this nem,  cverest.ma'cd the   de-
mands upon ihe   Trt^ury during ihe  year  by
even a greaier sum than was above deducted.
What then was the iS'ue tendered m this aspect of
the report? The probable deficit, at the close of the
jear, Congre>snot having been called, was brought
down from more than s x millions lo a very trifle
more thin two m tuons ar>d a quarter, wilhout
¡¡.awg oiher deducíans wh.ch cou'd not be exatrt-
ly estimated in specift' «urns; ?nd the real question
was, -hou'd ihe Secretary oi ihe Treasoiy, with
means m prospect to n.eet more ihdnthe whole ap-
propriations for ihe service of the year, and rc-
deuu all the Treasury no'es which would become
redeemable e\en b> hia own calculauon, go on
and graduate the expenliture by the state of the
Treasury, even at ,he risk of expending two and
a quartet millions lcs, upon the ouistandirig appro-
priations oi foia er jears,ihanit was his inclination
io spend? Or should he invoke the President to cor-
vene Congress at di's mo t inconvenient and un-
com'ortable, and all !e¿r n mat tii'n out to be un-
hejlthy period, and put many of the Slates to the ex-
pense pnd trouble of extraordinary election's, and
some ot them to the sacrifice of Iheir entue repre-
sentation in ihe other branch, for the sake of hav-
ing thin two and a quarter million ol me?ns sup-
p'ied' This was fe leal financial issue which
the Secretary had made up ier himself, his party,
and  the country.
Another equi'ab'e deduction from this supposed
deficit should, in justice to the last Amimstration,
be made, if the "re-1" n *o 'ske place here. He
referred to the balances s'lll oue from the late de-
posit banks, and the late Bank of the United
Sia'es. The precise amount of thes balance",
principal and in erest, he was unable io state, but
enough had been stated by the honorable S.nator
from Maine to show that they would bung the
amount down below two million  afier the deduc-
tion
The estimates of the Secietary, too, were based
upon ihe assumpUon that every Treasury note
which becomes payable, will be presented for pay-
ment, while it is known that very considerable
