June, 184ÍJ
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong....1st Skss.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
When I addressed the Senate before, I expressed
an opinion that McLeod was not present at the
capture of the Caroline. On examining the evi-
dence, however, which was recently presented to
the Supreme Court of New York, I find sufficient
testimony to render it probable that I may have
been mistaken. Amcng other testimony, a wit-
ness deposed that on the morning after the destruc-
tion of the Caroline, he had met McLeod at a ta-
vern in Chippewa, who then boasted that he had
killed "one damned Yankee" in that expedition,
and, po'ntmg to his sword, said "there's hisblood."
I hope this was only his own vain boasting, and
that he was not in reahty so bad as his vanity
prompted him to pretend to be. On the question of
his guilt or innocence, I now desire to express no
opinion.
The Senator from Massachusetts is mistaken in
his application of the established principle of the
law of natic is. íegaiding volunteers to the case of
McLeod. It is certain ihat volunteeis who enter
Ihe military service of another country for the pur-
pose of acquiring sk.ll m the art of war, are, when
taken by the enemy, to be treated as if they belong-
ed to the a-Miy jri v>hich they fight. This is the
principle laid down by Vattel. Such a volunteer
is entitled to ail the rights and privileges which
war confers, to ti,e tame extent as Ihough he were
a citizen or subject ot the nation whose forces he
has joined. But is this the case of McLeod? In
order to make it such, the Senator must first prove
that war existed between this country and England,
and that, being the citizen of another country, that
individual voluntarily joined the British army.
The Senator from Massachusetts has put a case
calculated to affect our feelings. How hard would
it be, says he, for a man to be aroused from his bed
at midnight, to be tori from the arms of his wife
and young child, and commanded, upon his alle-
giance, to join an invading force; and then, after
having acted under this compulsion, to be subjected
to punishment if made a prisoner of war1 But
thi% all must perceive, is a mere fancy sketch, and
has no, application to the case of McLeod. His
was a voluntary offence—there was no command
__no compulsion    He was a volunteer, and was
instigated by his own evil impu'ses alone to join
the expedition, and commit the crime oí murder,
for which, according to the law of nations, if he
should be found guilty, he has forfeited his life to
the offended laws of New York.
The object of all human punishment is to pre-
vent crime; and it is certain that such lawless at-
tacks on the sovsreignty of an independent nation
will be most efftctisally prevented, it the persons
engaged m them know tüat they will certainly be
punished under the laws of the nation which they
have attacked. This is the clear principle of pub-
lic law. When you arrest any such assailant,
who has voluntarily invaded your territory, and wil-
fully taken the We of ore ot jour cit zeris-, mercy
teaches you that you ouUit to hang him for mur-
der, as an example to all others who might be wil-
ling to offend m the tame manner If this were
your known determination, we should never more
suffer from such lawless expedmons as that of
Captain Drew. We shou'd thus save our citizens
from murder and rapine, and the two nations from
all the horrors and cruelties of actual war. Our
side of the question is that of true humanity.
Tae punishment of a single offender at the first,
would thus save the lives of thousands of innocent
victims hereafter.
Oh Government ought to have taken a decided
stand rpon tins pu &ple. I legcet that they have
not done it. Let an ¡i surrection again break out
in Canada, and we shall reap the bitter Iruits oí
the Seciearv's blunder The inferior officers of
the British Government all alorg the border will
be sending expedí wns across oar frontier, which
will pluader and murder cur citizens, under the
pretence oí defending their Canadian possessions
against the attacks oí the insurgent*. This will be
done if iornootkei purpose but that of d.splaymg
theirVeal and devotion to their sovereign. The ex-
ample of the capture of the Caroline, and the ho-
nors, rewards, and approbate which have been
bestowed upon the captors, will animate them to
undertake similar enterprises.
Had the Secretary of State firmly resisted the
demand of the British Government to surrender
McLeod, and let it be known that those engaged in
such enterprises should always be punished under
our laws, we should have experienced no farther
difficulty.
Even if McLeod had been a regular soldier, and
acted under the command of his superior officer,
this would not have relieved him from punishment
under oar law ; although it might have made a
strong appeal to our feelings of mercy. There are
many instances on the records of British courts of
justice, in which soldiers have been held justifiable
for disobeying the illegal commands of their offi-
cers. In such a case as that'of the incursioh into
our territory for the purpose of capturing the Caro-
line, tbey m'ght have said we will follow you into
battle any where against the enemies of our coun-
try, but we shall not obey your comm-nd to in-
vade a neutral and fnDndly nation, with whicn
our sovereign is at peace. In such a case, I admit
that it would be much more just to punish the offi-
cer who gave the command than the soldier who
obeyed, though in regard to the question of power
there would be no difference.
Tfte case imagined by the Ssnator from Massa-
chusetts would be a hard one, but there is no hard-
ship of that kind in the case of McLeod. He in-
vaded our ten itory of hi1! own accord—he deter-
mined to follow Captain Drew to the devil, an! we
ought not 10 prevent him from reaching his place
of destination. If it sbou'd appear on the trial
that he was, the murderer of Durfee, he ought to be
hung The judgment of all mankind would ap-
prove the sentence, and the who's civilized world
would say amen to this act of justice.
[Mr. Benton from hi' seat here said " ¿¡men "]
Even Sir Robert Peel, h gh Tory as he is, in the
late debate in the House of Commons, did not con-
demn the conduct of the authorities of New York
towards McLeod On the contrary, he declared
that he would give no opinion whatever respecting
his arrest and imprisonment.
Having thus endeavored to demonstrate that no
principle of public law required the Sfcretary of
State to surrender McLeod on the demand of the
British G ivernmen', we now come to the most im-
portant point of the discussion, I refer to the Secre-
tary's conduct and bearing throughout the whole
transaction.
He is most fortunate in having such an advocate
as the Senator from Virginia. The devoted friend-
ship which appears to exist between these gent e-
men reminds one of the language of the poet.
Theirs are
" Two bodies v  ith one soul inspired "
The Senator has pronounced a truly brilliant eu-
logy on his friend, the Secretary    Let us inquire
whether that eulogy is justified by the facts.
An outrage has been committed on our national
sovereignty in time of peace—an outrpge of such
an aggrava'ed character a<¡ to have justified an
immediate declaration of war on our par', and
what have we been told by the British Minis e\l
To do him justce, he has i,e<er, hire Senators on
this floor, contended 'hat McLeod ou?ht to be sur-
rendered, because the capttre of the Caroline was
an act ot war against the United State . This was
an after thoughi to save the Secretary from con-
demnation for yielding to ihe demand of the Bri-
tish Government. Ins ridiculous to pretend that
war existed between the two countries. Mr. Fox
resorls to no sue i subterfuge On the contrary, «o
far as we can ascertain his views the justifies the
outrf ge upon a principle which no American Se-
na or k ould dare to defend. He has very mode< t-
ly informed us, in suostance, Ihat w< were too
impotent to preserve our neutrality in the civil war
which exited in Canada, and that, therefore, it
became neces^ry for her Majesty's Government
to perfoim thu duty for us To use his own mild
and moderate language—
"Tne place where the vessel (the Caiolme) was destroyed
wa« nominal!} it ia true, within the terntoiy of a friendly
nnwei but the friendly power had been deprived through over
bearing piratical violence, of the use of us proper authonty
o\ er that portion of terntoiy
Nay more, he justifies this invasion of our ter-
ntoiy by alluding to the example of General Jack-
son during  the  Florida war.   But is there any
parallel between the two cases?
The Spanish authorities in Florida honestly con-
fessed that they had not sufficient power to restrain
their Indians from crossing our frontier and com-
mitting depredations on our territory; and it was
not until after this humiliat ng confession had been
made, that General Jackscn pursued Mese Indians
across our line into the Spanish territory. This
was not done until we could say to the Governor
of Florida. You acknowledge that you cannot com-
ply with the stipulations oí the treaty between us,
requiring each party to restiam the Indnns within
their own limits, by force, from committing hosti-
lities against the other party, anu, therefoie, the
paramount law of self preservation justifies us in
performing that duty for you Besides, the terri-
tory of the Seminóles was wild and unsettled, and
was but nominally under the jurisdiction of Spaif.
And yet the British Minister compares the Go-
vernment of the Un.ted States and the State of
New York to the Colonial Spanish Government,
which was too feeble even to protect Kself, and
justifies the capture and burning of the Caroline
and murder oí Durfee by the example of General
Jackson in pursuing the barbarous Seminóles
across the Spanish line!
Thus stood the question when Mr. Fox addressed
the official communication of the Bntish Govern-
ment to the Secietaryof State on.the 12di March
last. Now, Senators may talkasrnuchas theyplpase
about the high tone assumed by Mr. Webster ir. his
letter of the 24th April; but the whole question be-
tween the two Governments had been virtually
ended on the 15th March, when Mr. Webster an-
nounced to Mr. Fox his de'enmnation to comply
with the demands of the British Gov*rnm°nt, so
far as that was in his power. This annunciation
was made by delivering to Mr. Fox a copy «f the
Secretary'  instructions to the Attorney Generil.
The British Government, after having kept our
remonstrance, in the ca=e of the Caroline, before
them unanswered for three years, put their veto
upon it, and said in substance to Mr. Webster, "we
justify the act." In the lit" debate upon this sub-
ject m ihe House of Commons, Lorn John Russel
proclaimed to ihe world that Lord P..lmertton had
informed the American Minister at London "that
the British Government had justified the destruction of
the Caroline " On this question, it does not appear
that they even granted us a hearing. Our abla
and eloquent remonstrance, sustained as it was by
abundant testimony, was disposed of in half a sen-
tence; and Mr. Webster was barely informed that
this outrage was a justifiable employment of force.
The British Government thus, in effect, declared, m
their letter to the Secretary, that tbey approved of
what McLeod had done; and they assumed the re-
sponsibility of tbe outrage, even to the sending the
Caroline adrift, with living men on board, to bs
swept over ihe falls of Niagara.
Jn common civility, they ought to have confined
themselves to the ¡simple demand of McLeod'  sur-
render upon the principle avowed in Mi. Fox's
communication, and left our remonstrance against
the capture and destruction of the Caroline for fú-
tale negotiation This question would then have
been left ope n, and our Secretary would have had
a pending subject on which to wn'e his Apnl let-
ter But such a course would not have comported
wi.h the character of this proud and arrogant mo-
narchy.
The communication then proceeas to reiterate
the demand of McLeod's surrender, and threatens
us wun the serious consequences which must fol-
low our refusal How have the Senators on the
opposite side treated this plain an.' palpable threatf
The Senaur from Massachusetts [Mr. Choatk]^
did not allude to it at all; and tus was his most
prudent course. The Senator frrm Connectisut
TMr Huntington] explaineditawayjiaMnnrcary
manner, by stating that ihe senou, concequences
to which Mr. Fox alluded in hi=> lett-r were not
war against the United State , but s.mpl> those
which would result from d bputing vh*.t he deemed
a settled point in the lair of ratio** The Sena
tor himself could not forbear from smiling, whilst
placing this construction «¿on tbe threat. This
example shows how certainly even a gentleman of
