APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
íune, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
great ingenuity must be lost, whenever he attempts
to cxplair way clear and plain language convey
ip« a diret and precise meaning. This threat can
never be ixplained away by any human ingenuity.
Sir, it vas we who had cause to threaten—it
w?s \ e who ought to have demanded from the
Bnush Government the surrender of the capiors
of ¡he Caiohne and the murderers of American
cit zeus on that fatal expedition, that they mignt be
niel and punished under the laws which they had
violated. We owed it to ourselves and to our
character before the world to make this demand
the very moment when the British Government
hrst jas.tiQ.ed tne outrage to Mr. Webster. But in-
ste  (J of th s, when one of these miserable bandits
w. -. arrested v ithm our territory upon his own
boas ful , >dnowkdgment that he was. guilty, the
But. h Government at once interpose to save mm
fa'-^i triol nJ from punishment; and they, matead oí
n , becosr c the actors. The British minister, in
cficc; tel't Mr. Webster, "we cannot regard the
ngh of } our lovereijn and independent Sia'es, it
¡s the Government oí the United Sta'es which we
hold respo  <ib'e; we therefoie demand of ycu the
re'ease of Mel.jod from the custody c f the Sta'E of
New York, and we ei treat you deliberately to con-
sider the serious cor.srquei.crs which must follow
fremvopr refusal."
M01 tal i i£K, in civil life, never had a more g'o-
r'Ou opperti'ipty ot distinguishing himself than
vas presented to the American. Secretary of State
on this occa u n. Kin. be then acted as became
the great nation whose representative he was, he
would Lave won the gratitude of Ins country and
emolled his name rmong our most niusiriuus
statesmen. The opinion of marl ind would hive
jns ifled a high tone on Ivs part tow?rds ih<> Br tish
O oveinrreni, and I vtr.'„ believe that such a tone
wr'* ' have onen the most eflectual mode of pre-
i ii'iij-ptan between ihe .i>o n,it ons. We had
diMt'k th icioof ¡orle u'ictoi , last u ^^ and
me oi ght I hen ' jdve il> p'a id . It <le of th"t pa
t c t < i k i . an n wri h i < o iu. t of the Bnu h
Gov iiiM1 « *■> wen cilcu . l to excite. A
 m, H ro tion if the spirit ot the i'der William Put
would hive impelled th'Ciinl.uy to pursue the
proper and politic course ¡or hi^ country as well a*
toi 1 s own i„me.
T e rtuti h Government oufht to have been
tol ' that w could never y «.Id to a threat. They
ci ¿hi t > hive been told by the Amoi ran Seen ta-
r\, "jeu ! out first wimdraw this thieat hifoip ~ve
cando cvinihat which we hclive to be justice "This
is ihe c iftd ct whuh honorable mi ti pursue to
wan C9c! i ihei and it is üw condift rcqniita
from .i ¿ u nation by the puohc opinion of the
vi i d
A! h u.h i,.is h the (one v.ineh the See.e'my
Cti ht tohaveaijumed, yet I might have forgiv n
him tven if he had taken as hi"i ground a?  was
occupied by ms ow poht cal friereis m ihe L"gi^-
lat i'Lof >ew York, before they kne,/ oi ihe T s
Uni'-col f-e threat Tne position ivh'eh the}
.ti ur c, in uiiiir address to the people, is "that i! e
saoji t of TicL-ndsguil' oi innocence is onj ex-
«slusivsi" i Iiú¿ ng to the court and jury of ihe
S te, h ¡, l.i e all other Ber^oiii accused of ci.oe
h" n i ' h-.tat ir dial, liijoy a ie",al delivci^j ce,
it in.nciiil. a.1d sutler the pun^bment of Ins
cienes f ; ul'y. ant that neither the Brit sh G -
verrT'"t, j i he Government of the Unued
ti it' , nor ' > Government of this S.aie, ought lo
be J opr j lucífero in ,. ry ipaiirer with t*n
<h' i(fu'„i ourjc of legal proceedings m this
C   e ''
i" ai,swer such a" this "'ould at least have
save j ma di^grac. Bt't, su, what was (he
"cota c a he Secretary' in re a'ton to it, I shrli
not noy ,e at what I rave said on a lormei
occasion. Afcr admitting in the ■-tningf t
te/.,, that McLeod ought u ba nnt> t\\ a.<ely
su-rnulercd, t, e Secietary, " wita a n ot'-erly
cs e, ¡est any thing nn"l'i be dure agains' hir
ci mrary to law," to use u.e 1 mgusc-e of the Se-
nator irom South Carolina, [Mi. Pkfston,] de-
spatches the Attorney General to Lockport. For
what purpose? To see that McLeod ¡s s ived fwm
ft violence and injustice of whom?  Of the highest
judicial tribunal of the sovereign State of New
York.
Could not McLeod, if he were innocent, have
justified himself without the actual m'erference of
our Attorney General? He bad employed able
counsel, and he was saitamed by the British Go-
vern j ot. Would not the court have admitted any
legal evidence in his favor without the mission of
Mr. Crmtnden? Why, then, send mm all the way
to Lockport to exercise this "motherly wre" over
McLeod, which he did not need, even if he had
deserved it? His life was in no danger, if he were
innocent, or if tbe opinion expressed by the Eutioh
"jovcrument and the American Secietary on the
point of international la o? be correct; but even 11
he wre in rtacger, no human power knos o to 'he
laws and Constitution of our countiy, could rgY-
fally withdraw htm from the juris hctioi o! that
court.
In answer to the British Mmisfr, the Secieta.y,
in  ffect, say;- 'Your  demand is just.   McLeed
0   jrftt to be surrendered, and if th s were in my
power, I would surrender hitn in a moment. Un-
tortunate.y, he is not confined under the authority
of a coi.it tf ihe Unred State?. If ha v ere, I
should a*, one have a nolle prosequi ertered in his
f.ivor I cannot wuhdiavv him fr m the jutiso c-
liun of the sovereign State ef York; but I sball
uce ei'ery eflortm my power for his relief. I shall
send Lie A toiney General of the United Sta'ej. to
his aS5istanc,and I row express <"¡ saong "U opi-
nion as you could desire, that under the Uw of nn-
'íotis, ihe Supo no Cou^t of K.'; Yo-k are bo,ind
u< i irnv o^nii his piisoa doors, and l^t lir, m„ at
tai  e "
Upon thes^ as^a'ancs which th° B-i sh JVhhis-
tn ,ec ived v ithm thiee day af er the data of his
demand, in tne form of mstiucuoiis fnm the Se-
cretary to thoAttOii i y General, he re«kd entirely
¡.Jti hed. He had gamed his po nt Our Govern-
mert h.id cowired befo e him, and tris Lis' set of
'ulmi -ljnht-sc oped ih° climji
/'im d -it all p n t th'1 Arorney G nert.l wa>
d i cu d to s ~ ippt a \ "v oí mor h ) Id oe lak^n
to 'h  "3up¡ ait C mi t of ihe Unue \ " ites f.om the
juu mentit the coart m New Yorl, in ca _ the
dei nee ot iVlcLrod ^houid be oveiiuii.
It to-re beany hw m exi^tenc wu h au'ho-
n/ s fui h ¡>n eppeal irom the j > s.., nt o th ■ Sa-
1   rineCuU o oi of the so\e t "n Jtate^ of ti e
Hi mo n i cjsp of murder peruli rly wi h n
the ^ ii i    11 n oi its own laws, 1 do not \row the
t  '. <'i Gf.et'iy of State is a gre it ho yer,
a 11 i't his reseatce he may po'iibiy Iw/e ('  -
cove'cils h n Uw, but yet I v°ntuio to r,- rt ih">t
th" i ei o n ot t e buprem^Coi' m rre Yor'r,
^ k ib i lo'ir prau t Met ro i, \ ¡ 1 1 " f>o ii. I
'¡all s; il t> it¿Ti the opm on of i ,e Scn^t'r
from Connecticut [Wi HdntimiTon] on tl ,s sue-
j (t, ' l.o is r oriíou'id andihli, jurist
S   ¿tur j iim   Soiti  Csroíit.a  [\ir Phps
n n] h<-   '  k a m^ to ta k  foi slating    oat, unrer
the ci cu .-!1    ce> of   ih   c?ce,   the   S ere dry of
Stite o ígbt r ii o hive expressed'he opi" on,ia an
bwt' t • i'"  Fox, (hit McLeod wa-   tnt fed ti his
-\^c\\&rge un ier the 1-, v of nations     He ask", why
«hmH  h*  S crfarv  have concealed his opimoi,
if bo ,igr fd Vtiih Mi    Fox in h ¡> v^e v of tn" seb
jeet?
No-', su, whi'st I admit t'sa ou- tolomrcy
on< l ' ov r to tp, a., it ever hi-j Deei, ?nli, ipi-i",
a., v5i i i; jet I soon'1 not have respond d to
Mr I11,, tuat MiL^oit oi("it tobe rtisci a.™ed un-
i>i ti i ia* 11 nHions, f u tw> rea o'-s, either of
whicii I i'e m amoly siifíiei i t.
!>i t ic f * piac , th s "'o qj, stion v;as tnen,
a>,d s n is, readm<? Leftrea judicial t ib rial in
~l<v; York, having txci'i ive j msdieuon over trie
matter. Under "ich e rcumstancs, a p uleat mm
wouldhncaiva.ted the decision If tie court should
ditter n op non fr n the Secretary, a-, I tninis they
oci,ht, , a veli '■ e Tres'dent, will be placed
in a mo^t awkw d i le'.^ra, in resard to our rela-
tions wi'h he Bui h Govern^irt. If the court
hsald ins st upon banging McL oa, whiKt the Se-
cretary has already tecided tUt he ought «o go
free, ourposit.on will be truij em>>a'rasi>iDg.
In the second place—I, at least, would never
have expressed such an opinion to Mr. Pox. in the
face of a positive threat. It would have been
enough, m all conscience, for the Secretary to have
said: " Justice will be done to McLeod. If not
guilty, he will be aeqmtted; and on his trial he will
have the full benefit of that principle of the law of
nations which you assert, ii guilty of a crime
against the laws of New York, the Government of
the United States cannot interfere, because that
State is sovereign, and has an uncontrollable right
to administer her own criminal justice, according
to her own pleasure."
That we should submit to the insolent threats of
other nations, because other nations have thus sub-
mitted, is not a rule which any American citizen
will ever recognise. Unhappy, indeed,must be the
condition of Senr tors, when they are driven to cite
such precedents for tbe purpose of sustaining the
Secretary, and justifying England. The honora-
ble Senator fium Virginia [Mr. Rives] informs us
lhat he h m^elf had used similar language in a
diplomatic note. I doubt not that he did, I have
no lecollection of it, although I once considered it
a duty which I owed to him to examine carefully
all his correspondence with the French Govern-
ment. But even if the Senator has used language
such as that of Mr. Fox to a proud and haughty
nation like France, is that any reason why we
should saoffiit to language thus insulting from any
nation on the fpee of the earth 1
Mr. Rives explained, bat the Reporter did not
hear h's explanation.
Sir Buchanan Yes, "ir, General Jackson, in
a public nesapge lo Congress did use very strong
loi guise in irgard to F^anc", as he had a right to
do He ai! ss-traiea very lotty tone, and thus, I
bebeve, preven'ed war. But nark the difference.
Tii s was n a message to a co-ordinate branch of
our own Governarnt; and was not addressed m
the form of a diplomatic note to the French Go-
vernment.
I have not mistaken the language of the Senator
fromVnginia The words were: "I have held
language like this (if Mr. Fox) to a proud and
haughty nat on "
Another precedent cited by the S^natoi was the
lanf,ua e addnssed by tlis sisme Mr. Fox to Mr.
F rsyt i; but he has forgotten to state what was
Mr Forsyth's answer. Mi. Forsyth dt least gave
lum a Rowland foi his Oliver, and did not pass it
by, as Mi. Webster aas done, without any notice.
Tins is one great difference between the two cases.
But there is still anoiher. The cxp ession used by
Mr Fox to Mr. Forsyth ¡«¡ not near so stiong as
¡hit which he u„ed to Mr. Webster; and in his note
to Air. Foiuy h he expressly decir-r>'d lhat he was
ret íu hor z_J to ¡-ronou'ee the dec sion of his
GuVermret t upon oui remonstrance m the case of
the Ctrolme. The British Government had not
th n decided, as they have done now, to turn a deaf
ca? to oar complaint Mr Forsyth replied
that no discussion o' the question here couM be
useful, as the negotiation 1 A been transferred to
Londi n; v hi>t he m'oriaed him that tne opinion,
so strongly expreised by hi a [in the case of the
Caroline,] "would hardly have been hazarded had
he been possessed of t e carefully collected testi-
mony which had been presented to his Govern-
ment m support of our d mand" for reparation.
Mr. Forsyth's con<-'ue% whether in public or pri-
vate life, will afford but a bad precedent to sustain
the doctrine of submission.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
has informed us that he had many precedents to
justify the language of Mr. Fox, but he took care
no" to cite one of them. He considers it question-
able whether the lorgeage oí Mr. Fox umoantedto
a threat or not, but triumphantly exclaims that if
Fox did threaten, "Webster dt fits back agam."
Defies back again! Is thi¿ ih  coui -e which a
pioud Government ought to pursue? Defies back
agim! Can lnsuiuDg language be avenged m this
maimer'?
But w! en did Mr. Webster defy back again?
Not until his le er of the 24th April, which was
not wutfen until six weeks after the threat. The
whole question had then been settled, so far as the
British Government was concerned, forty days be-
fore. It had all been adjusted to their entire satis-
faction when this "defiance back  again" was ut-
