June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7$
^Ttu Cong....1st Sess.
national union, national characterTató^TheTstate-
of bondage, which it has tcmbly exacerbated.
That from the first it has been a wedge of dismem-
berment, is undeniable. I need not dwell on what
palpably threatens the general welfare of a Union,
called by Jefferson the rock of our political salva-
tion, clung to by Madi«on with filial fondness, re-
commended by Washington to all revermce, as a
sacred thing not to be even mentioned with levity.
How degrading to American character it proves,
every reading- man vary well knows. It is not
English touiists and ephemeral chroniclers alone
who fix this as the disgusting frontispiece to thur
traduction of us altogether; but graver, wiser, a"d
better visiters, and stbers, are yet mere licentious
in their disparagemr nt. The extraordinary Irish-
man, who is called the liberator of his country, r.ot
only reviles as a slaveholder hit  whom we all
idolize, to whom the world renders homage, but
ventured to pronounce that slaveholders should be
branded math socri! s'igma; excluded from the
company of ladies and gentlemen, and drlyn to
worse than Grecian, this Müeswn ostracis n. The
French are almost as unmeasured  ,s the English in
similar detraction. De FoeqtieviÜe, with a mind
like Montesquieu's De Beaumont, Chevsher, all
the late writers of France—the only country of
Europe that does not dislike ours—coincide in con-
demning American slavery, and encouraging its
sudden extirpation. Kay, more; German writers,
of character, if net commissioned by their Go-
vernments, in their own language publish pon-
derous volumes of our defamation. I alfude
particularly to two considerable volumes con-
stituting the work of a Dr. Julius, a learned
Prussian who lately visited the United States.
Thus the fountains of emigration are denied
with prejudices, from which we derive an-
nually not less than one hunditd thousand adult
persons, in my humble opimo?., among the most
valuable of our impor'ations—;eady msde men
and women to fill up our ¡¡limit,-bis territories; es-
pecially desirable in those Slates of which mine is
one, desirous of such additions to their workmen.
Mines of wealth, industry and ingenuity, they
often prove, which Abolition, by false views of
our country, would deter from improving it. Cha-
racter is part of national happiness a-; much as in-
dividual, it is by the character of this country
that it conquers, prospers, and goes forward with
unexampled progression, it is this character
that Abolition strives to blast.
And ivbat are its inhuman influences on bond-
age? Some yesrs ago, as I undeistood the gentle-
ttian from Massachusetts, a resolution actually
passed this House to abolish slavery in the
District. Now, he owns, even he ctinnot vote
for it. He does not bel-eve it would get mere
than very few votes in this House. It is
too soon tor emr-r.c pation. Wherefore, but
because it has been clamored out of tavor by un-
generous denunciation of the cowardice of the
South, made cowards by conscience, which slings
the Southern heart with appiehonsion that m a
conflict between master and slave ¡here is no attn-
bute of the Deity to incline him to the ninstei?
Such is the philosophy of this agitation, in Mary-
land, Virginia, and Ke:,i!-.fk;.',súV'.:--; -v?..- waning,
receding, declining. I.'the a>r-.. ¡.i is iaid to be,
the argument is irrcsi- tble that sponunei.y would
remove it sooner than coercí' i.—.e^imoa''', gradu-
al, benefioent emancipation, ;...t th placard, the
torch, the rifle, ?.nd the gall ws. But Great Bri-
tain, by violence, having increased the loreign
slave trade, as is every surcer sive President's in-
formation to Congress, and foiriully aggravated
its van horrors, E gbsh and Americans, m deplora-
ble and inhuman combination, arc engaged by un-
timely agitation in disquieting the stave-*, abusing
and endangering their masters, and depreciating
the property of large, moral, tranquil, and prosper-
ous poitions or our eountrv. They procrastinate,
they pi event Aboht'or.. They add rivets to every
chain. They dri/e the iron deeper into every soul
in bonda-.e. They preach and teach hope-
less revolt and "suicidal insurrection. They
expose several million, of unoffending whites
to the recites butch-ry of some millions of
infuriated blacks.   They provoke dreadful reac-
Molilion Petitions—Mr. Ingersoll,
tions. They foment deadly animosities. They
breed incurable calamities, by perversion, ay,
profanation of humanity ! As charity, the be-
nignest offspring of our blcsse4 religion, is the
cement of individual well being, so it comity the
bond of nations, and compromise the only tie of
this confederation—of all "legislation. Not an act
. of Congress becomes sucb, without large infu-
sions of compromise. But Abolition spurns all—
charily, comity, compromise, Constitution, law,
order,religion,peace—ittramples down all wish an
iron hiH'f of unmerciful fanaticism. I visited Mr.
Madison a few weeks before his serene and philo-
sophies 1 death. He was extremely feeble, unable
to iit up. But he rai-.cd his almost exanimate
body from the couch, when speaking to me of
modern Abolition; he said that, to it alon , we owe
not only the lamentable anestof onward emanci-
pation; but. till it intruded, no Governorin Carolina
ex'olled slavery as a happy balance of her Go-
vernment, no Virginia professor vindicated its mo-
ral advantage?. I call on the gentleman of
Vermont, then, for their plan ot liberation.
I desire to leant if it is to be instant, ex-
tra-teniional, universa!, foicihle. I think the
South has been wronrted—has been forbear-
ing. 'Why do the honorable members of Ver-
mont defer one moment, whatever is their plan?
If slavery be'J wbat I understand they deem it, and
their lawful power what they alio teem to consi-
der it, of prompt interposition, surely it is iheir
highest, holiest duty. No curr-ncy, no tariff, no
public lands, no bank or bankrupt acts, can com-
pare in vitality with this primordial obligation.
And why did those gentlemen, several of them,
start from their seats to deny the intimation of a
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. King.] that Aboli-
tionists are tobe the only postmasters throughout
Veimom? Way not, 1 wish to know? Is'Aboli-
tion diiquabncat.on tor offie;? It I thousht as I
suppi.se ihose gentlemen do, i should, if I could,
endeavor to get Abolitionists made postmasters in
Pennsylvania.
Uhe whole career of practical Abolition has
bfen conciu.-ion, retrograde and mad mistake. It
improveo nothing. It deteriórales r. 11 it touches,
while its increase its own inordinate bulk and
weight to two thousand «ffi.isted societies, as I un-
derstand, the numbers may kt computed, instead
of the 1,300 read by the honorable gentleman ftvm
Georgia, [Mr. King,] from the primed statistics of
the sect. They i o Dackward and downward with
increasing masses of fanaticism, anarchy, and
foreign is-ault on American independence. Tney
have done, they can do no good.
I feel bound to go yet 1 urther, and say something,
not only of constitutionzil and incvitabe American
slavery, the deplorable relative inheri'aace from
English metropoliian government, whose tender
mercies continually aggravate the lot of both mas-
ter sad slave—but to go further, and say something
of positive slaverv in the abstract. To denounce
it, f.s is often di a", seems to be almost to del'v the
disposition.; of Providence, suffering i-s existence
in rveiy aste and in every cout.try. Fully aware
of the odium to be risked by wh-st I air about to
say, I shall nev.-rt- cle.-s incur the r< sponsibi'i-y,
by the statement of a fiw btnlrt.g far."-., which are
the best dialectics. To plain i. "n, facts are a1-
ways arguments. The honorable jr..-mleman from
Ma^s.ictiosetts, in the course of his unmeasured
denunciation of bondage, and defiance of a 1 its
defenders, supposed it would be said at last that
slavery is th ' very corner stone ol liberty. Be-
fore England ciat.'e the late discovery ot its hti-
nousness, did not the master mind of that countty,
in bis ma-jnificent eulegium on the inhsbitat'ts of
this, declare exactly so? In his speech on concilia-
tion with America, speaking of the many slaves m
Virginia ard the Carolinas, Burke said «bat, wh re
there are. Kiul.itude of s'aves, those wh) a*e free
are moie pr-nd and jealous of their freedom.
Frfedom is to them not only an enjoyment, but a
privilege. Liberty among them looks like some-
thing more noble and libera!.
Let us try the question by a few immediate and
striking tests m our politics. There have been ten
American Presidents, five of whom were slave-
holders, 8-11 v.t'u 5«e popular saaciio  of re-election:
H. of Heps.
three not slaveholder , neither of whom received
that mark of approbation. Except in the short vi-
sit I mentioned to Mr. Madison, I have never been
in the South, and know nothing of the practical
operations of slavery except by results which all
history and philosophy make known. To compare
one portion of this country with another might be
odious, and I am very far indeed from any dispo-
sition to disparage the people or institutions of the
Northern States; yet, when we contemplate the le-
gislation, the jurisprudence, the Executive Govern-
ment, the administration of justice, the state of reli-
gion, the society, or almost any other of the moral
attributes of the South, as far as I know any thing
about them,I perceive nothing tending to show that
they are disorganized, demoralized, or brutalized,
by domestic slavery.
[Most of what follows in the next few para-
giaphs of this particular illustration Mr. Ingersoll
was prevented saying by a call of order. But it is
added from his notes, not only because he deems it
strictly in order, but, moreover, because the news-
paper reports of what little he did say before he
was interrupted, give an imperfect and improper
idea of the argument.]
When the author of fue Declaration of Indepen-
dence died, poor, only two Slates, South Carolina
and Louisiana, did any thing for his widow and fa-
mily.
In the illustration which I am about to add, I
desire to be understood as giving no opinion of
my own, but merely suggesting the circumstances
as charac'eiis'ical. The principle of roiation in of-
fice—which I huid lo be a cardinal principle of
Republican Government—has, according to my
notion of it, been much abused lately by ihe mem-
bers of the new Administration, and in a way
curiously signalizing the prevailing sentiment
Nonti and South, as to party proscription. lam
given to understand, that, in the Navy Depart-
ment, no removals have been made, and, in the
War Depaitment, very few: the gentlemen at
the hesd of both of these Departments being
from   the   Soulh.    While  the   first   act of  the
!| Eastern    Secretary   of   State   was   to   remove
! a competent under Secretary and put his own
son in his stead. I repeat that I desire to be
understood as giving no opinion, and expressing
no censure on such p;ceeedmg; but mention it as
indicating the political habits and preposses-
sions of persons coming to high office from
the South and North resfectively. The Trea-
sury Department, with a Northern gentle-
man at t.ie head, has begun wiih the inflic-
tion of numerous removals. The Post Office
Department, whose chief is, as I have always un-
derstood, a gentleman ot kindly disposition, not
dispoicd to harsh and violent conduct, yet, from
Albany impulse?, alm.-st every day lynching a few
postmasters, er.ic.uttd as if it were for Northern
Chleitamiuent. 1 say once more, that whi'e I have
a decide J opinion on this subjec, 1 ¿o not express
it on this oc;a-.i'in, but mention ihe mere facts as
obvious ch,t:acteii-tic-\ "Would this sort of pro-
snnpt.on be endured m the South? The President,
m it:e most solemn manner, by his first message at
thh- special session, has seized the earliest opportu-
nity of decir ring bou; odious it is to his slavehold-
mg feelings. A passage from his message, be-
speaking much disquiet, contrition, and tribula-
tion at ihe acts of his Northern Secretaries, runs
thus:
'•W-ih. nnvums sohcitii.le to select the most trustworthy for
oft;-ill station, I Co.nnoi M supposed tu posers a persona!
krowle.ige ot llie qualifications of apphcan s. I therefore in-
vite, oi the most public manner, oil the part ot the Senate, a
iuh scrutiny into th. character and preunstons of nominations,
atul will, with the irrcd'e-t cheerfulness, acquiesce m the decl-
aims of tha< hotly." Furthermore, I will, at 'hp earliest proper
occasion, invite th.- attention of all Congie?s to certain mea-
eui escale'dated to regulate and control the Executive power on
ttvs vitally important subject."
The Southern President betrays a compunction,
honotabie to his feelings. In Phitade'phi* there
have been licentious changes of offieeis,   offensive
| to nearly the whole community, ünle s the Se-
nate reject soma of them, or the  President, evi-
| dently disquieted and disgusted, withholds them
from nomination, there is a general apprehension
that the ad valorem principle will be put in practice
in the custom-house to an extent hitherto use*-
