APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841 j
S7th C nG""1st Sess.
Gratuity to Mrs. Harrison—Mr. Gordon.
H, oí Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. GORDON,
OF NEW YOEK
In the House of Htpresenlatives, June 18, 1841 —On
the bill fur the relief of the widow of  William
Henry Harrison, la'e President of the United
States.
Mr. GORDON of New York rose, but the cries
of "question, question," were so loud that it was
impossible for him to be heard.
Mr. BROWN of Pennsylvania appealed to the
majority of the House on the great injustice they
were practising, after their own iriends had be^n
heard, to put members of the minority down by
such disorderly proceedings. He would ask whe-
ther the speeches of tne majority had not been six
to one?
Mr. Gordon again rose, amidst deafínmg cries
of "question," "nsar him," etc. After the noise had
somewhat subsided,
Mr. Gordon said, members of the majority were
mistaken if they imagined he was thus to be de
pnved of his right to speak If what he was about
to say should prove unpalatable, he could not help
it. The fact was, that, having at last got the floor
notwithstanding all the riotous attemnts to deprive
him of it, he was determined to stand there and
say what he intended, if it should be till midnight
If gentlemen thought fit to cry "order," "order,"
when he was not oui of order, nay, before they bad
heard six word', they might do it, for it would
have no effee upon him.
Mr. G then observed that he was desirous of
saying a few words to justify the amendment he
had offered, viz. of inserting $6,250, instead of
$95 000.
He isas then proceeding to make some remarks
m relation to the money drawn by the la'e Pre i-
dent before his death, when he was lemmded that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [ VXi Adams]
had informed the House that he had a rertameu
from the Department that not a cent had been
drawn.
Mr. Girdon proceeded, and o1) eried that he
was perlec ly Willi, g to app opiidt' the sum spe-
cified by his amen Iment, wa ch vas th* amour t
of one quartet's salary. It was the business of the
Department to pay that quarter's salary, and no
more.
Mr. G went on to show that the íeison why
he thought a quarter'-, pay ought to be given, was
that the'law provided that the President should not
have his salary mcieas-d or dinuni-bpd during t1 e
periodic was in oilier; also tint dinn^ the term
for which he was elected, he should not receive
any other emolument
Now, the sum of ¡,25 000 per year w.>s all the
President could receive by the law and C institu-
tion.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Sm-
geant] had O'ite'idel that tire amount claimed in
the bill was a debt. Well, th°n, it that were so, it it
were due, the heirs of the Prts dent, as ms legil
representatives, could get the money hum the Je-
partments, vuhout coming to Congress for it.
He maintained the-e was no debt >win™ by the
United Statt. 'o ih~ l?ie Pi evident But what v. as
proposed by th bi i? Why to merea<r> th" e>n lu-
Bient of ihe Pir silent oy giving him )35,000 to a
quarter of a yea>'s sai'iy' The Constuu'io-i pro-
vided that his saUry should b  neither encre-^ed
nor diminished dunng tl e term of offic , an I nat
he should receive no otner e uolunent, and yet
here was a bill to make one qjarler's stUry equal
to that for a whole year
I ask the fri'-nds of this bu', said Mr. G. wheth'r
they do not see that this ¡s an metíase oí dv emo-
lument in direct opposition to the ' xpress letiet of
the law, which expressly says tise'e shah b" no Ul-
erease of the emolument duing the term1
I ask, how can =ent!eraen, w<>o ntv^ come here,
and swori solemnly to support the Consti utn n,
vote for a bill wmci vioiarws the p ovist «is oí the
Constitution1? Ye-., for a unl wmch piop s s to
wake a quarter'  salai y equal to mat tor a wi) )L
year Nay, mere is an amendment >,ow pending
to make it §50,000, and another member had trie
hardihood to say #100,000.   I wi h th.s to go out
to the country and to the people, that they may
understand the matter.
At this time the cries of "order" and' question"
were renewed, and such was the disoider, that
scarcely a wr rd could be heard.
After tne duiahad restored something approach-
ing to oraei,
Mr. Gordon resumed. He had no doubt but that
certain members on that floor would rather not hear
what he had to say. He was, however, not to be
pat down by any suth means, and if his remarks
pressed he could not ¡-elp it.
He had heard it asserted on the floor tb.it there
was no law fixing the sahry of ihe President, aid
the manner in which lUhouldbepaid But he would
sh-iw gentlemea the law, and then, perhaps they
would believe.
Mr. G. then read the law of September, 1789,
which provides that the salary of the President
shall be paid qu«rtsrly, and pro rait.
The following is ■% oooy of th*  law refered to-
"Beit enactedb/ the Senate anl Hoii^e of Repódenla
ti ves of the United Statesof 4 menea m Congress assembled,
Thathete shall be dinged to the Preside t o(theljm'ed States,
at the ate of twemy five thousand dolíais with the u&e of the
furniture an l other erke s, now in his po& ession be!on<nnfto
the United States and to the Vice Pieside it at the rate of five
thousand dolíais per annum, in full compensation fot their íe
spcctive services to commenc with the time of then entering
on the duties oft'ien office^ respectively, and to continue so
Ions as they shaltremain in office and to be paid quarterly
out of the rieasuiyof the Tímtt-d States  '
This law was passe t m accordant *vith the
following provision of the Constitution-
' The Pre ident sh ill, at stated times, receive for hib stfrvices
a compensation which shall neither be m tease lot diminished
aiming the peno 1 foi which he shall have been elected, an the
shall not lecetve witliin that penol anyothei emolument fiotr
the United State , 01 any of them "
Mr Gr then argue \ that, as tne late President had
entered upon the first quRrter, il orgh he ¡i d died
before it ended, jet a quartei's salary «a due,
and his legal heirs conl 1 obtain it by apply.ng at
the Treasury Department.
On th*- next qiarfer, the piesent incumbent
won! I di mand lemutieration fin his "ervi-es and
he, of course, would be entitkd lo it. For what
then should the salary be paid to one -r/ht w^s   o
lo 'ger peí/.firming t ,e ^eivices for wmch the -ala-
ry was provi led1
it is questionable, said Mr. G. whether tL  ,«te
President was entitled to more than a month's
campensai on, having served but on- mon'h from
the time he entered on the dutK-s of Ins offic ; and
the statu'e is express that the c"moens> 101 sia'l
continue no looser 'han the Exeeutive sha'tl con-
tinue in office. Pueh is generally regarded as the
loundest cois ruct on of the sU ute Itit. th= mott
logic il corHu ion, nrd most cimr-P'ible wi'h the
letlei, if not thesnint, of the law. Still, as tre-e
is some doubt whether we etn incline 1V0 tue por-
1 ions of the quarter of ,1 year an  moi  thai the
p inions i f a dpy, in e?se of the death of a *• ember
of Congre s, who is pa'd n r di rn, "S (>   Pres dent
is p r quarter, I wouHi go for t'-i • I-rf«st cnmxn-
sat.on wi hn tie most liberal eon't>'"-tipn tha'
comd be cmen I woa'd bise my oppo-,'* 01 on
groun Is exclusively c ns itu tonal, r^d deorwe t',?
faends of t ie m^asu'e of all mr?ns of ch r^ipj i*?
opponent, with po'i'ieal hos'il'tv to it. It i  in-
mie'ial, for the pmposes of tus prgín"1"^
whether ihe la e Presid-nt had or h?d not dia^n
his pav, or any psrt of it, for l^" vme he served
It h- 1 3d ro , h ev-cu 1 is would, notwubs'a^rJ-
ing tv e passage of ih^' bill, t e gn ui y tr t e Wi-
dow voi Id roee-sac ly be o^er and abovj the
amount due to hi i f>r his service^ bs it whi 
it 1 i) C ngr" , c%t pii ro 1"' 1 npa r-
mg the 0M17; ti^n of c ntr->"t=, 'io dr^s the
bill t-efocp ns, pro'ess or "tu npt t0 pa> tae ex cu-
tors of ihe releía-n the Vreasn.ry I ismaui-st
aid cita' m" 'ho ^-25 000, if a ¿ro-ria ec! fo- anv
thing naf tlie ■ le Pi- sident everdia or 'vff *°d
oi sustjnred, it i> r>n m re^se of e^o'un-ert from
the Uiit'i Saes io« s«rv ccs oi pre enaed
services with n the period for \ ci be ha 1
been elected, nl <■ eh si qppro r a'mn ivou'd
b  in viol, ' 1 (l o'c oi t e p'aui-st and
most emp'iii) pio''«.i<ms of ti  C -stita ion.
The Censtmuion jrovidis ths>t the P.e ident of tli 
United States 'hall receive ? ci"ip>n«-¡ti n for his
services at stated times, wh'cb shall not be increas-
ed or diminished during the term for which he shall
have been elected, and the act of 1789, making .
the compensation for his services, to commence
with the time ot bis entering on the duties of his
office, and to continue so lung as he should remain
in office, was in strict conformity with the Consti-
tution, and cannot, for the benefit of the la'e Pre-
sident, be altered, modified, or repealed, any mare
than the Constitution itself. Such is the Constitu-
tion, the law under it, and suca, I apprehsnd, the
resulting control governing this case.
But, sir, what have we before us? Something
worse than a bill to increase the salary of the Pre-
sident. We have befoie us a bill th^t, under pre-
tence of indemnity for electioneering expenses,
gives to the vide™ of "he man who u is alleged
had lncusrtd these ejpei e-, the round sum of
$95 000, an ont s."- on  pratm y, call it by what
name you pleise D e3 me Giveinmem owe the
w.dow «a; l"^^ Ha -u3 ever served the coun-
try in any cap.r j, ei her civil or military'! No
S'jch ih ng is pretended. Whit power then has
Congress to thrust lis hand into 'he Treasury and
give away $35 000 of the people's money1—morey
drawn from their ha/d earnings, by taxes directly
or indirectly imposer"? There would be a show of
consistency that might be some palliation, though
a palpable violation of the C¡ nstitution, d d the
majority who were about to vote for the me?sure,
propose to give the money to the executors instead
of the widow. The gratuity m that form would
hi>e a thm eiv rmg—the pretence of indemnity to
hide irs true character, which now in its naked ("e-
fcrraity it has net, the heus, too, and the creditors,
of which this Government is on", would havesome
berefit from it in common with the widow. Why
is th s twentj-five thousand dollars given to the
widow? Why is it n jt given to the legal reprcsent-
atives' Is ft beciu e the es ate owes this Govern-
ment, and if given lo the execute's a set off would
ana1 H It would seem so. Some gen lemen, m
the course of this debate, have deciaied that it
would be no n.ore than ju^t to indemnify the late
Present for nil his expense during the polín al
contest that broi^kt h m into ofnee, and while in
oííic". If j a tice b" the ground, or trie pretended
cound, on wh cu th^y would base their action,
would it not be well to give this sum to tae execu-
tors, and cloihe th«-m with the ability to be just to
tli5 Government in the discharge oí its cbiin upon
the estate to be administered by them. To give this
j>,25,000 to the w dow, and not to the legal repre-
fn'atives, so far from being just, is an intentional
evasion of justice.
Mr. G. was ag3m interrupted by ci'ls to order,
and "question," "let us have the que lion," etc.
Mr. BaowN oí Pennsylvania appealed to the
trajonty and '0 ihei' s n eo'jas'i e. cJehad the
Barnes cf twenty tnemb rso ihe majOiity who had
be°n patienth ie.r¡oii tbi. subject, while only
four of tre rr> .íoriíy had spo-ren. He did hope
that the gentleman wou'd be allowed to go on and
fisn >h his remarks
Mr. Gordon I agim tell those members v,ho
are comnually "houting "order," ftat 1 am not to
be puf do vn by any sue 1 tyrannical means. They
m s ake me, il ihey think I am to be driven from
my parpóse by such measures.
The Constitution provded that the compensation
of tie President ¡suuuld be paid at cenam and sta-
le! periods of i ne ror the servics rendered. Bat
if the services have ceased, foi what, I ask, is the
salary?
Mr. GoRDiNllen lepiiej to the cases of pre-
cedt-iit quo ej by tie sent'eman ftom Massachu-
e-tis, and controverted the conclusions drawn from
tüf-m.
Mr G sa,d I 'run I have magnanim"y enough
to iis-> above piecedent , and to vole , j the Co"isti-
tion r^qiires ine lo vo e.
Bit, sur aiierpl t1 e saarch that has been made,
-nd tiif  p 11 ( c of cases r ¡d^ced, there is no pre-
ceden'foi this |apjoe usarpation of power and
ire trrasuie or He n> on JNoue had been or
cou'd be i  U'id. Th  P/. s deTi'scompensaü n for
his serves a-, h\iea\we, were deemed by the
founders of ih Gov limmt of such vast impor-
tance as to mauce them to make it a matt-r cf eon-
stautional regulation, it wrs a matter, in their view,
connected with taxes and disbursement of the pub-
