NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2fTH Cong......1st Sess.
I feel that I hazard nothmg in saying they do
noí. No authority has been cited to sanction it,
nor do I believe that any can be It would be no
less vain to look to reason than to authority for
a sanction. The laws of nations are but the laws
and morals, as -applicable to individuals so far
modified, and ao further, as reas>on may make ne-
cessary in their application to nations. Now, there
can be no doubt that the analogous rule, when ap-
plied- to individuals, is, that both principal and
agents, or, if you will, instruments, are responsible
in criminal cases; directly the reverse of the rule
on which the demand for the release of McLeod is
made. Why, I ask, «hould the rule in this ca^e
be reversed, when applied to nations, which is uni-
versally admitted to be true in the case of indivi-
dual.? Can any good reason be a«s gned1 To re
ver*e it when applied to individuals, all must see,
would lead to the worn of consequence', and, if 1
do not greatly mistake, must in like manier, if re-
versed, when applied to nation";. Lpt us see how
it would act when brought to the t^st of particular
eases.
Suppose, then, that the British, or any other Go-
vernment in contemplation of war, should send out
emissaries to blow up the fortifications erected at
such vast expense, lor the defence of our great
commereial marts—New York and others—and
that the band employed to blow up Fort Hamilton,
or any other of the fortresses for the de'ence of
New York, should be detected in the very act of
firing the tram, would the production of the most
authentic papers, signed by all the authorities of
the British Government, makes it a public trans-
action, and exempt the villains ¡from all responsi-
bility to our laws and tribunals'! Or would that
Government dare make a demand for their imme-
diate release? Or, if made, would our  dare yield
to it, and release them? The supposition, I know,
is altogether improbable, but it is not the less, on
that aceount, calculated to test the. principle.
But I shall next select one that may possibly occur.
Suppose, then, in contemplation of the same event,
black emissaries should be sent from Jamaica, to
tamper with our slaves in the South, and that they
should be detected at midnight, in an a.sembly of
slaves, where they were urging them to rise in re-
bellion against their masters; and that they should
produce the authority of the home Government, in
the most solemn form, author zing them in what
they did- ought ihf t to exempt the cu -threats from
all the responsibility to our'¿ws and tribunals? Or,
if arrested, ought our Government to rel< a e them
on a peremptory demand todo se/í And it that
could not be done forthwith, fiom the onbarra«s-
ment of State la^s and Slate anthoiiucs, ought
this Government to employ c< unstl ¿nd to use us
authority and influence to c/Icct 11) And, if that
could not accomplish its obj ct, woull it be tin-
ned in taking the case into their own tnbunali,
with the vww of entering a nolle prosequi!
But, setting aside all suppositious cabes, I shall
take one that actually occurred—that of the nolo
nous Henry, employed by the colonial authoiuy of
Canada to tamper with a portion ot our people,
prior to the late war, with the intention of ahenat
mg them from their Government, and effecting a
disunion in the event of hostilities Suppose he
had been detected and arrested for his treasonable
conduct, and that the British Gorernment had
made the like demand for his release, on the ground
that he was executing the orders of his Govern-
ment, and was not, therefore, liable, personally or
individually, to our laws and tribunals 1 a«k,
would our Government be bound to comply with
the demand?
To all these qu-stions, and thousands of others
that might be asked, no right minded man can hesi-
tate for a moment io amwtr in me negative The
rule, then, if it doe< exist, mus' be lar Irom univer-
sal. But does it exist at all? Does it even in a
state of war, when, if ever, if  e m-ty judge from
the remarks of gentlemen on the epposiie side, it
must? They seemed to consider noihin  morí «a*
necessary to establish the principle for which they
contend but to show that thi. and all other ca es
of armed violence en the part of one nation or its
c<tizens against another, is in fact war, informal
Case of McLeod—Mr. Calhoun._____
war, as they call it, in contradistinction from one
preceded by a dec'arat.on in due form.
Well, then, let us inquire if  the prirciple for
which they con'end, that the authori y, or he sana-
tion of his Government, exempts an individual from
all responsibility to the injured Government, exi ts  .
even in case of war.                                                |
Turning, then, from a state of p-ace to that of
war, we find at the very threshold, a very i
important exception to the rule, if it exists at
all, in the case of spies. None can doubt
that, if a spy is detee'ed and arrested, he is
individually and personally responsible, though
his pockets should b« filled with all the autho-
rity the country which employed him could give.
But is the case of spies the only exception?   Are
they alone personally and individualy responsible?  '
Far otherwise.   The war may be declared m the  '
most solemn manner; the invaders may carry with
ih'tn thehtihe't au'honty of their Goven ment,
and yet, so far from exempting them individually,
officers, men, and all, may be slaughteicd . nd de-
stroyed m almost every possible manner, not only
without the violation ot   international laws, but  ¡
with rich honor and glory to the'r destro>er¿   Talk  I
of ihe responsibility of ihe Government eiempting
their instruments tromre^p nsibilit>? How,let me  j
ask, can the GovemTent be made responsible, but
through its agents or invtrumenis?    Separate the
Government liom  them,  and  what is it but aa  '
idefl, intangible tbing? Tiue it is, when an invad-   j
ing enemy is captured or surrenders, his hfe is pro-  1
tected by the laws of nations, as  they now stand,  I
but not because the aothonty ot his Government   |
protects it, or that he is not responsible to the in-
invaded country.    It is to  be traced to a different
and higher source—the p ogress  of civiliazation,
which has- mitigated the laws  of war     Originally
it was different    The life ot an  invader might be
taken, whether armed or disarmed.   .He who cap-
tured an enemy had a right to take his  li e    The
older writers on the laws of nitions traced the law.  i
fulness oí making a slave of a prisoner to the fact
that he who captured htm had a right to take his life,
and, if he spared it, a right to his service.   To
commute death unto servitude was the first step
m mitigating the horrors of war.   That has been
followed by a further mitigation, which spares the
life ot a prisoner, excepting the case of spies, to
whom the laws of war, as they stood originally,
are s'ill in torce.    But, because their lives  aie
spired, prisoners do not ciase to b>  indivi lually
n sponsible to the invaded rountiy     Their libe-ny
for the time is forfeited to H    Siould they attempt
to escape, or if thereby danger oí   their being re-
lea ed by superior force, their lives may be  siiH
taken, without regaid to  the /aa th<u ihey acted
under the authority tf then country.    A demand
on the pait of their Government fur an immediate
release, on the ground assumed in this ca e, would
be regarded a*, an act of insanity.
Now, sir, if the Senators from Vnginia and
Massachusetts [Mr. Rives and Mr. Choatjs] could
succeed in making the ca e of the attack on the
Caroline to be an act of war, it would avail them
nothing in their attempt to defend the demand of
Mr Fox or the eoncessmn of Mr. Webster. Me- j
Leod, if it be war, would be a prisoner of war,
which, il it protected his life, forfeited his liberty.
In that character, so far from his Government hav-
ing a right to demand his immediate release, under
a threat of war, our Government wou'd have the
unquestionable right to detain him till there was a
satisfactory termination of the war by the adjust-
ment of the question.
To place this   result in a stronger view, sup-
pose, after tha destruction ot  the  Caroline,  the  l
armed  band which perpetrated the act had be*n  I
captured on their retreat by an armed force of our
citizens, would they not, if the transaction is lobe  ,
regarded as war, justly have been c< risidered as  '
poise ners of war. to be held as such, m aciual con-
finement, if our Government thought propel, till the
question was amicably se tied?    And v ould  i>ot  i
the demand for theu immediate relepse in   uch a
cise be regarded as one of the most insolent ever   [
made by  one independent  country   on  anotliei?
And  can the fact that one of the band has come
into  our psssession as McLeod has, if it is to be
June, 1841,
Senate.
considered as v.ar, vary the cabe in the least?
Viewed m this light, the authority or sanction of
the British Government would be a good defence
against the charge of murder or arson, but it would
be no less so against his release.
But, this is not a case of war, formal or in-
formal, taking the latter in the broadest sense It
has not been thought so nor so treated by either
Government, and Mr Webster himself, in his re.
ply to Mr. Fox, which has been so lauded by the
two Senators, speaks of it as "a hostile intrusion
into the territory of a power at peace " The trans-
action comes under a classs of cases fully recog-
nised by writers on international law as distinct
from war—that of belligerants entering with force
the territories of neutrals, and it only remains to
determine whether, wnen viewed in this, its true
light, our Secretary has taken the grounds which
our rignts and honor required, agtinst the demand
ot the British Minister.
Thus regarded, the first point prcsen'ed for con-
sideration is, whether Gieat Britain, as a bellige-
rent, was justified in entering our territory under
ihe circumstances she did And heie let me re-
mark, ihat it is a fundamental principle in the
laws of nations, that every State or nation has full
at.d complete jurisdiction over its o  n territory to
the exclusion of oil others—a principle essential to
independence, and therefore held most sacred. It
i} accordingly laid down by all writers on those
laws who treat of the subject, that nothing short of
extreme necessity can justify a belligerant in entering,
with an armed force, on the territory of a neutral
power, and, when entered, in doing any act which
is not forced on them by the like necessity which
justified the entering In both of the positions I
am held out by the Secretary himself. The next
point to be considered is,did Gieat Britain enter our
territory in this case under any such necessity, and,
if she did, were her acts limited by such necessity?
Here again I may rely on the authority of the Se-
cretary, and, if it had not already been quo'ed by
both of the Senators on the other side-who preceded
me, I would read the eloquent passage towards
the close of his letter to Mr Fox, which they did
with so much applause. With this high authority,
I may then assume that the Government of Great
Britain, in this case, had no authority under the
laws of nations either to enter our tern ory or to
do what was done in the destruction of the Caro-
line after it was* entered.
Now, sir, I ask, under this sta'eTent of the case,
whit ought to have b-en our reply, wh"n the
peremptory demand was made for the immediate
release of McLeod? Ought not our Secretary of
State to have told Mr. Fox that we regarded the
hostile entry into our lerrit ry, and what was per-
petrated after the entry, as without warrant under
the laws of nations'' That the fact nad been made
Known to his Government long since, immediately
afier the transaction? That wa had received no
explanation or answer? That we had no reason
for believing that bis Government had sanctioned
the act? That McLeod had been arrested and in-
dicted under the local authori y of New York,
without possibility of knowing that the transaction
had been sanctioned by it' Tnat we still regarded
the transaction in the hgl t we originally did, and
could not even consider the demand till the eon-
duct of which we had complained was explained?
But, in the mean time, that McLeod might have
the benefit of the fact on his trial that the transac-
tion was sarctioned by his Government, it would
be transmit'ed m due form to those who had charge
of his defence'!
Here let me tay that I entire'y concur with Mr.
Forsyth, tha' the approval of the Bnti.h Govern-
ment ot the transaction in question v.as an impor-
tant fact in the Dial of McLeod, without, however,
pretending to offer an opinion Wdtiher it would be
a valid reason against a chaige of murder, of which
the essence of killing wi h malice prepense. It is
a point for the court and jury, and not for us to de-
cide. Nor do I intend to venture an opinion
whether, if fonnd guilty, with the knowledge of the
fact that his Government approved of his conduct
it ought not to be good cause foi his pardon, on
hish considerations of humanity and policy. I
¡ea\ e both questions, without remark, to  those to
