84
APPENDIXÍTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong-".1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Floyd.
H. of Rep?.
termination to distribute, on the contrary, they are
to be held for the "United States," the Union—
the JE pluribus unutn—(he nation in its aggregate c f
sovereignties. Congress said we will lake these
lands for this specified purpose; the States answer,
weeede them for that specified purpose—"for the
common benefit of the United Stales," and yet rut
of this plain phraseology, known to every "boy in
-the, land, repeated in every law and in eveiy
treaty, and ever with the same meamrg, Federal
rapacity seeks to wrest a new meaning, to gam an
unhallowed end.
If it be conceded lhat our better tit e to these
lands lb by conquest, then was it the corquest <>l
of the nation by which the war was com'uctu',
and the States can as little claim the lands, con-
quered as they can a division ot tin. shipo of war
or the stands of arms captare.'. Why, these hun-
gry claimants for the nation'.  wealth woukl make
the Revolution a piratical expedition, and the hi-
roes of that glorious struggle a band ot maiauders,
fiahtmg for booty to be divided among ihi m when
the fight was done—-they would reduce ihe alters
*>f our country, who, in wise council, laid bical
and deep the foundation of thisg'orious Republ <•
to a level with the villain monarchs of ih¿ < 11
world, who make common cause to dismtrnofr
and divide a neighboring S ate unable to resiM,
But whether our title be by conquest or cession,
or both, are there not claims upon these lands, and
upon the proceeds, which it would be the m >ct
gross fraud on the part of the Government to de-
feat? I say that there are such claims,. Anil
first, there are claims upon these lands held by ihe
Indians and guarantied by the mo t solemn iiejties
—claims for the purchase money of these ver>
lands, amounting to nearly $1,000,000 t yeai—and
strange to say, that those who, while in a politK.il
minority, could shed floods of tears for the ' poor
Indian," are scarcely secure in a polm< al
Majority before they propose to snatch irom
these "poor Indians" the security, safe and
permanent, for the payment of the^e annui
ties, and turn them over to the uncertainty ot
having their claims satisfied in some other way
How beautiful, in contrast, appear Federal sym-
pathy while out <sf power and Federal rapacity
when in power! But there ate other claims upon
these lands, not only jnst an-i sirred in ihenw Ivc,
but honorable to the nation—I tm.in the dim
for Revolutionary cervices, amounting to nearly
$3,000,000 annually—claim ; An the b'ood ><(',
the trills undergoni, ihe sui}< nn^s emlu'el, l'
shattered limbs, and the scarred bnasis of ihe i i
soldier  of the old war. The public lands, ami th
pensions to lho«e who acquired ihe.i lands, sho ild
be never separated while there is one acio left, oi
while acipplool '76 can handle Ins c>u rl, it  /
are their land ; they fought (oi them, take ilem
not away, I beseech yon; «pare this luid for the
few years remaining to these old soldieis, üiey wi 1
soon be gone, say not that you will piy uiem Irt m
some other fund, go, I he  of you, a id n I
from some other fund, and ¡et this remain.
Sir, when the State ot Maryland shall have re
ceived her portion of Ihe spoils under ihis bill,
which has been introduced by her own Repre enta-
tive, [Mr W G. Johnson,] when, in ihe pnrie i f
weaith which she may derive from this source, she
shall seek to adorn her monumental city by r<u mi;
another column to the skies, let her surmount it
with the genius of her own State, with on  ha' d
tearing the last blanket from ihe Indian, and wuh
the oiher clutching the last loaf fiom the o d sc 1.
dier of the Revoiution.
The pension laws and the bounty land la? s are
aerarían laws in  the true sense ot  the word__the
distribution of the conquered lands am ng ilio e
who conquered them, and however som  may cii-
mor about agrartanism—muci talked of, little un-
derstood—there is no man here wno daie rai^e his
voice for their repeal.
Another objection, sir, to the passage of
this bill, is to be found m the fact, that, s0 fa¡ fn m
having been a sourer of profit thus far to ihe Gt-
nrral Government, they have not reimbursed ih
cost and expenses of their acquisi ion, surveys, and
sales—there being now against the n a ba-
lance of some eighteen  millions ol dollars over
and above what has been received in'o the Trea-
sury on ihir a^c unt—and these 1 nds are now to
be distnbu ed among the States at this enormous
bss to the General Givernfnent Eighteen mil-
lions duo lo the nation cancelled by a single brush
i f the Federal sponge—tne means of payment
squandered upon the States' What rapid strides
in the gocd woik of economy ' What a fulfil-
ment of the promise of a faithful -.dniimstration of
the Government'
I am opposed (Mr. F continued) to Ihu bill on
account of the effect it must have on the relation of
the states to the Federal Government. I have ever
lo( ked upon the depjsi e act as the most alarming,
the most uuly dangerous that ever was enacted
This io still worse. The first made the States and
tbi-> Government debtor and crei'i'or—this makes
ibrm almoner and begiar Th nk you, sir, that
those gocd . nd wise roen wh i franked thu Govern-
ment, ever eom^Pipl?ied such a relation as thi ?
Sir, let u. fora momen br rg the years '80 ind '41
in juxtaposition—put tie Ci nvention of '80, and
the Coigress of Ml side b, =ic'e— m one, behold
Luther Marun of Maryland, in these dark days < f
the Republic, when there ws danger most fearful
from without, and poverty aid distrae' on within,
burning wito patriotism— iih devotioi to his
State—r. jeetinz all the advantages and ihe protec-
tion which the Union offneri, and, leavirg the Con-
vention, retiring io his own Sate, because
ihere was a possibility — >ndat thisdistance of time,
that which he ica-ed appears noihmg more than a
p ssibility—that the full, unimpaired proud tove-
re gnty and independí nc> ol his native Slate, might
b« > ndan^erert by ihe Union [p ihe other, behold
a distinguished icpiesem, uve, a favorite son of this
saui' IVldrjland, as it weie holding a begg-u cap,
and in most nresistible tones asking of this very
Union, for chanty'i sweet sake give something to
pay our deb s-.
He would submit whether the doctrine urged by
the gentleman from Maryland who lately addressed
the committee wii entncly consistent with that
u huh had been a sumed by Luiher Martin? If
Mary land had a jnst right to her share of the public
lands now, it was just as peifect at the very mo-
ment the lands were first ceded to the Union. And
Luther Martin, ul o was as di .anguished a lawyer
ash v i l Hi mm, when he mgrd wuh all h's
[iwirih ce sum i í i r Unls Uuly knew uhelhor,
wk i ci ' (I, il i> wi uli' n ue to il,e benefit of the
U non at Urge <r ol the sevenj S a'es m their m-
duiliiil capacities if the litter, then his high
wi(ii",ht Si? e Rights leelirg dw mlled down at
oncMnio a low and selfish attirnnt lo cozen the
oh r St lies to ot '/• ti.e 'ai <U lhat Maryland might
g<   her s[ art
fcur, sad Mr F I H t-nr 1 with d . ght to ihe
eloqu i.eeof t ¿t „wiiloman [Mi AVm Co i J< hn-
si>n] i n n he ,,scr bed in fjou na, but just terms,
the hiroi and p.ilkn'iy oi his feuie I lamented
when thai noh\e ihemei na'iged todiodiss ihe mat-
er of dollars and cuits—to an urgent appeal lor
the pissage of this bill asa n ei-iire of pecuniary
lelut 1 was reminded of an incident which I
once witne sed, which tbcogh tniline; in itself, goes
with thi! ■>«>ntleiiian,i, cp eth to show ho i appa-
rent patriotism and pride and dignity ^ome imesgo
han 1 m han 1 wuh beggar/
In 1836, 1 w.n wi h some friend to visit a band
of O tawas encamped near Chicago, ind pickm 
up a hilt hreed interpreter, we made our way to
the lent Oi the chief, before reaching it, however,
ue were met by a young Int lan covered with such
ornaments as those pet pie so much affect, and
who, lor manliness < t form and feature, might
compare with any gentleman in this House, he
placid hirr."li before n , and in good easy style
deuvcred himself of
a s,e ch.    The  interpreter
told us thit we were thereoy informed that the
per on be'ore us was the King's son, or Prince of
the Ot'owís-. W expíes (d our gratification of
this, and that we thous ht he was a nice Prirce
very This «as ('uly c nvejed to him, when'
wii i considerable emphasis, h- delivered another
speech, the matter of which seemed to be of deep
interest to hi n. On appealing lo the mierpreier
again we. were informed that his highness, request-
ed that we would give him a shilling!
Sir, in my humble opinion the State of Mary-
land occupies, in lelafon to this matter, dangerous
ground Sne is among ih? smaller States of the
Union, and when the apportionment upon the basis
of the late census takes place, her comparative im-
portance will be stillless. What is her security
against that very darger which her distinguished
statesman, Luther Martin, feared, and was so
anxious to guard agams 1 Sir, her only barrier
against oppression by the larger States is the Con-
stitution, upon us ramparts <he may rest in security
fore/e'; but it, allured by the hope of a temporary
pecuniary advantage, she shall join hands with
oihers to make this breach m that ^acred instrument,
ihe time may come when her o. n example will be
turned aeamst her—nay, sir, thtough this veiy
breach which she aids to make, may creep in the
doctrine oí eminent domain, by «h ch the Westera
States claim all the land in then respective bounds,
and she may find at last that she has dropped the
substance and grasped at a shadow
There has never been a time in the existence of
this Government, when the absurdity and injustice
of ibis proposit on to divide the proceeds of the
public lands, could be mor« apparent than at the
present moment. On one day the Committee on
Public Lands brings m a bill to give away from
Ihe revenue ot the country some three or tour mil-
lions of dollars annually, and < n ihe next day 'he
Committee of Ways and Means brings in a bill lo
borrow, for the use of the Givtrm/ient, twelve mil-
lions' an 1 thi', too, m a Uueef p-ace and of
prosperity. While one hind wah prodigality is
scattering among the Slates the resonrses of the
Governm-nt, ihe other isstrt'cSed forth to grind
the people wuh increased imposts and taxes Can
this be righ t Is it not a plain at empt to bribe the
people wuh their o n mouey? And if, as is-held
by the South, the exporting States pay the whole
revenue, what a mercy is it to tbem to pay the
whole of the deficiency to be made by this bill in
the revenue, for the sake of getting back a frac-
tion of it proportionate to their representation
here.
But, sir, continued Mr. F I have an objection
to this bill, which is, to my mmd, of greater force
than any hitherto mentioned.    It would seem to
be of tho very es ence of every Federal measure,
thai nsrouhi in some way operate unjustly and
oppre"nely upon tie poor, aid beneficially to the
nch, tl a1, by some connivance, the earmrgo of
ihe labour, or   the *m-ll savings of   industry,
¡•hnuld be transpired to the eoff-rs of the wealthy;
that   the   burt'ens   ot   Government    should   fall
mi an undu"  ar t grievous  prop iriion upon mote
least pbl- to bear them, and of all measures ever
propised,  ibis bears ihf most deep and damning
"naik of.ine beast "   If ihe pr ceeds of the pub-
lic landa  re no longer neces ary, and tt-e doctrine
i; iru*> tha< the  proceeds  may b? disinbuted, to
whom should these proceeds go?    To whom  do
ih y belong?    Will any gentleman nan! up hero
and say that the poorest en z>n has not now an
equal interest in the public lands with the richest?
If to be distributed, why not, then, give them   as
Ihey are owned, to each man m  the Republic his
equal share?    We shall hear no such just Demo-
crat e proposition from the dominant paly.   The
measure under discussion is more in character, for
that proposes, according to the very  in tioets of
Federalism,  to distribute the co nmon property,
owned equally by all ihe people, ihe acquisition of
the common toil and suffering, amorg them   not
equally, but accordi ¡g to  their circumstances—to
the rich much in proportion to their wealth, to the
poorhttleinproportiontofheirpo/eity. I wilishosw
this.   This distribution is avowedly to enable the
Slates- to pay their debts    Tne deb' of tne S ate of
New York is a hen upon the property in that State
—if collected by a tsx upon the proper'y, the man
wor h one thousand and the man worth ten thou-
sand pay that debt in jnst proportions, the latter
ten times as much as the first, but by this measure
yon  take to pay that debt, property m wkch their
inierest is equal, and tbe man worth one thousand
pays as much as the man worth ten    Thi*, sir is
the principle  of ihis bill—this the reason why it is
so warmly advocated throughout the country by
the wealthier classes, because it exempts the pro-
