I                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. _______________Jnfr. 1841.
2fr« Cong.- -1st Sess.                                   Public Lands—Mr. Bidlack._____________                                 H- °j[jggPgi_
preamble aad resolutions of his colleagu., that the
ground of distribution was the existence of a large
surplus, and the mode of division was to be upon
principles of equality. He therefore urged his co'-
leagues to consider of the propriety of amending
this bill, so as to make it conform to the r own
views, heretofore expressed, and to the mtere  is of
their own State.
Mr. B. said he had wished these to be read, in
order to show the grounds on which distribution
was placed in 1835 in the Legislature of Pennsjl-
vama—namely, that th>re wus a surplus of
$19,000,000 in the Treasury, and, also, (or the
purpose of bringing that state o< tnines in contrut
with the state of things which now ex sted when,
se far from being a surplus of §19,000 000, ue
had aright to infer a deficiency to nearly tha'
amount, making a differenca in the state c f the
case of nearly $40,000 000 Tne ciairmati ciu'd
not have forgotten that on that occasion he (Mr
B.) introduced an amendment to these resoluti r>s,
and io the preamble to that ame'idment set fcrth
the fact that there was then, as. theie wis now,
eause to suspect that we would at no great distance
of time be called to report to the ultímale remedy
among nations ¡ffor violated rigirs. He had set
forth the fact that there was a prospect of a v ar
with France in consequence of her r^n-i' io pay
the amount acknowledged to bs du-f r Fiench
spoliations. Such a prospect he believed had ex-
isted at that time; but it happened that the then
Executive, with great determinaron, as bad been
represented, said to France, "by the Eternal, you
had better pay the money," and it was paid, and
the storm blew over. He (Mr. B) w< uld
tnerefore ask the reading of only a part of the
preamble and the accompanying resolution, which
was as follow^:
"And whereas, by the prosecution of this modi of redi ess the
Government of the United bt-ues, should it bee me necessary,
would unavoidably mcur Urge pecumtry responsibilities
And whereas, by the several deeds ol cession from the dif
ferent Stales to the United States, relinquishing then absolute
claim to what is now termed the public land, it was expressly
agreed and undeistood that these appiopimions thus made,
should constitute a common fund foi the support of the cuuent
expenses of the Geneial Government, the payment of the na
uonal responsibilities then existing, or which might subsequently
be incurred, to be applied according to 'then íespeaive and
usual propoitionsof the general charge," and ' fm ?io othei
jnfpose whatsoever "   Therefoie,
Meeolved, That the distribution of the proceeds arising from
the sales of the public lands belonging io the United States n
any other way than that pointed out as above, by the ancient
compacts under which these very lands tr holdeu, would 1 e
umust and illegal at any time, and m view of the piobsbl dif
Acuities with a foreign power -tbove n ler-ed in if nut in vioU
Hon of good faith, at least expedient and ill advised at Ih s lane
After a few further comments on this branch oí
the subject—
Mr. B. proceeded to examine the details ci ihe
bill in its effects on the in erests of Painsvhania,
first remarking that, in addiun to there b-\n° a
deficit in the Treasury at this urne, and not a sur-
plus, as in 1835, there was now, ais >, as then, a
prospect of difficulty with a foieis;n povm; and
stating, that in view of all the circumstances of
the case, the resolutions introduced into the Penn-
sylvania Legislature were laid on the tab'e.
He took this, then, as in evidence ih it the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania was oppo ed o distribu-
tion, and he now came down to the views of ti™
people of his own State as more recently exp'es«ed,
to wit, during the session of the Legislature last
winter. He would not Slop to examine how far
that expression was an expression of the vessif
the people of Pennsylvania. He might say much,
and say it with some feeling, loo, in relation to the
apportionment bill, which had been referred to, and
as to the introduction of resolutions not fairly ex-
pressing the opinion of the people.
This unjust and (he verily believed) th,s uncon-
stitutional apportionment had been passed the same
session with the Bask bill before commented upon*
and passed by a party accidentally in the majority.
Mr. B. had in that body lent hi* humb'e but his
earnest and honest efforts in oppci'ton to both
those measures, and whatever rr-oht be thongl t of
the apportionment bill by those who had not ex-
ammed it, Mr. B. after passing a high compli-
ment upon his colleague, who was m the chair, tor
his high sense of justice on all occasions, appealed
to him if, m hia opinion, it was not unequal,
* d whether the expressions of a Legislature
elected under it cojU be supposed to af-
ford a fair criterion or index of the popular
will. He would not detain the committee by go-
mg into specifications. Seme at them had been
referred to by his colleague, [Mr Brown] and he
(Mr. Bidlack) would only add that, even in his
own distnc,in the county of Columbia, there was
a population having onlv one representative in tie
last L gislaiurc', which was larger than in several
other counlits havu g two represen atives in the
same body.
But for the sake of the argument he was wil-
ling to take for g'an'ed that this oxoies&ion of
the Legi la ure was a true index and cnterun
of the sentimerts of th" peopl . And what wa
ihe first resolution on the subject of distribution?
It was—
'To resist any and all attempts, unclei what pretence soevei
the same may be made to depuve the people of this State of
then just proportion o! the common inheritance in the f ubhc
lands "
Now, even taking it for grjn'ed that this was
a true expression oí the opinion of the peoplp,
be, if he were a Senator, should not cojsider him-
self instructed to vot" f r this bill on the very
ground set forth in this resolution And when
he came to the de ails of the bill, he would show
wht.
Here was the seron 1 resolution-
"To introluce andadvocate the pisgote of a bill providing
for the distribution of the proceeds of the same [public lands]
among the sevcial States in the latin of their Tederal repie
entative population, under the census of one thousand eight
hundred and forty "
H*rs was the same idea again It was to be
a distribution in proportion to the Fedetal re-
presentative population under the census And
this «as not such a distnbu ion; nor was it
such a dtstnbut on as the resolution of the chair-
man of thi committee contemplate^', and he
hoped that that gentlnnan [Mr. Lawrem3e]
«oald be peimi'terl, if no c e else vis.", to speak,
when this bill came ln'o tne House, aad that he,
or some other member from Pennsylvania, might
offer such an amendment as would at least
make this bill comply with the wishes of the Le-
gislature of last winter, pnd wnh the principles of
the resolution which the chairman himself had
offered.
Mr B. then referred to the first section of the
bill, which gives ten per cent &c to the time new
Sutes there n rameí, in ad ii ion to the two per
cent heretofoie g vea. -And ho referred to the
report of the Sectary of the Tr as'iry n 1839, to
show that thes" Sta es had already re—-ived twelve
and a half milltoi , of acr^s of these very laiv's
In addition to thi?, (Mr 8. said,) it ap ears to
me that the provisions of the b II are not on'y un-
just in their operat on on the old States, «ho ]en(
their treasure and Woo i io the acquisition and pro
tection of tnesf lands, but unjust in their operat on
in relation to these vtry Wesurn Slates them elves,
(or the seventh sec v n pnvded 'hit fom hundred
tho 'san 1 acres of hnl were to b-sit/m to these
Siates for purposes of int/rnal tmprovemen s And
for this four hundred thousand, I b'heve, five hun-
dred thou and is to be substituted.
Mr. W C Johnson was tin 'eistood to n ima'e
that «ueh was the intention of the CommittPe on the
Public Lands.
Then by the acknowie'gment of the gentleman
it was intended to g.ve 4 htlf a million acies to
certain of the Western States, wh c!i it would be
eeen by the table Mr. B. would bring to their co-
tice, had already received more than a m%l on for
other purposes, whi'e some of the Western St?tes
that had receiv (' less than a million, would not
receive the addiuonal hilf million, b°caus^ they
had already appropriated ihat amount to miernal
improvement purposes He would priS-nt the ta-
ble, and those who were more interested in this ine-
quality might examine it and comaent on it at
their leisure.
Mr. Bidlack proceeds! to argue the iijtts'ice of
th s provision upon ihe old S ates, and entered mm
m Any details wiih that vie v. He deaird that such
a distribution would be in accordance with equity,
or justice or the solemn term' oí the compact. He
believed that the people of Pennsylvania would
never be contented with it, and, looking to the in-
justice of the distribution «sell, he thought   that
every Pennsylvania Representative here, whatever
might be his opinion as to the principle of dntnbu-
tion, should oppose this bill on account of its de-
tai's. Let gentlemen take either side ot the ques-
tion, let them say, on the one hand, that the land
belonged to the States, or, on the other, that it be-
longed to the United States; on either ground, the
dwubution, if made at all, should be an equal in.
tnbution. But he denwd that it belonged to ths
States. If it did, and if they were entitled to it at
al, tbey were entitled to it m equal shares, accord-
írg to iheir propomons in the general charge of
expenditure He denied that such a distribution
would be carrying out the terms of the compact,
and th.s, too, even on the ground that the land be-
longed to the States
He here went into an argument to show lhat
some of the gentlemen on the ether side of the
question assuming the land to belong to the Sta'es,
put them on the terras of a partnership, fer which,
consisting of twentj-six di.tmct inte ests, the Ge-
neral Government was the mere agent or trustee,
and he insisted with earnestness ihat even in that
view of ihe question, the agent would be bound to
account to the partners in proportion to their ré-
sped ive interests in the general fund.
Sir, «a (1 Mr B would an. agent, under such Cir-
cumstances, have any right, upon any principles of
law or moral ethics, to select out nine of the part-
ners, and give them 10, 15 or 20 percent of the
proceeds, and then divide only the residua between
the whole 2G partners? It was rronstrous injus-
tice '' Among other illustrations, he gave the fol-
lowing: It had be*n estimated thtt the nett proceeds
would be about $2 500,000 per annum For the
sake of the lllustra'ioi, suppose the States, twentj-
six in number, are equal in population, and the
amount is #2,690,000, giving to each §100 000,
would it be jus ice to take from the who'e 20 per
cent and give io nine of the S'ates, and then di
vide the residue, wnercby nine of the States wou'd
receive #20,000 per annum more than they were
entitled to, and the remaining States would receive
so much less, being, it would be seen, §120 000 to
nine of the States, and so much less to the remain,
ing S'ates each per annum1 Yet this, Mi. B. wen1
on to show, was the operation of the bill unde^
consideration, and thus mjuuously did it propose to
aff ct his own State. Foi one, he felt bound by
the most solemn obligations to protest ?giinst it.
He then went on to show that while Pennsylva-
nia would get less than her due proportion, she
would have, by the peculiar operations of the im-
post tews, to pay more than her due proportions to
mak up the dehcienc/ in toe Treasury. He could
not conseLt to see his Swte called upon to pay
$150,000 for every $100,000 received under the
bill.
Tins bill contemplates giving to each of the
S ates of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, iMh-
sou-i, Mississippi, Lhiie. ana, Arkansas, and Mi-
chigan, "over and above what each of the States is
entit'ed to by the terms of th s compact entered int j
between them and the United States at the time of
treir admission into the Uiu m," the sum of t n
per Centum upon the nea proceeds of the sa'es
within their respective lmn s.
Th s is not to affect the amount given hereto-
fo e to the Cumberland road Then t' e expense
of the whole S)stem is to bededue'ed In additioa
to this, there has already been given as fo'bwo.
fC^*See tables A and 15, on next j t>ge
The bill does not stop here, but as amended it
giv^s to each of the S at s narped in the 1st section
the amount of 500 000 acres, provid d they have
not airea ly received that anuunt fji internal im-
provement purposes.
After so-ríe other illustrations Mr B then enter-
ed into the constitutional argument for the purpo e
of showing that the land was the property of the
United S ales and not of the States, including boih
the ¡and ceded and 'be land purchased But, ¡Mr.
B. contended, whether it was the property of the
United S a'es or of the S ate , the distribution, if
there was any, should operate on all alike.
Among other things, he referred to that provi-
sion of the Constitution which says Congress shall
have power to "make all needful rules and regu-
lation respecting the territory and other property of
