^                         _______APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.        __________      June, 1841.
27t  Cong—-1st Sess.        ______________Protective Tariff—Mr. Fomance.___________               __             H' of RePs
serious consideration, and, as in duty bound, we
will pray," &e
This petition, giving r>se to d bate, had been or-
dered, under the rule, to he over, and now came
up m its order.f
There were four motions pending
First, the motion of Mr. Fornance, to refer the
petition to the Committee on Manufactures, with
instructions to report a bill increasing the duties on
««ports.
Secondly, the motion of Mr. Holmes n reler it
to the Committee on Commerce
Thirdly, the motion of Mr Atherton to refer it
to the Committee of Ways and Means
And, fourbly, the motion of Mr Lewi  Wil-
liams to amend the instructions by instructing the
committee "to inquire into the expediency" ot re-
porting such a bill.
And the question being on the amendment of
Mr. Williams—
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to lay the
whole subject on the ta^le
Mr. FORNANCE claimed the Boor, and m
quired if the gentltman from North Carolina could
make that motion at lhat time
The SPEAKER said Mr. Fornakcb was enti-
tled to the floor
Mr. FORNANCE sa d that all he a'ked m pre-
senting this petition was an express on of the sense
of the House at as early a period as was posjib e
at this session.
As to the various propositions which had been
submitted for reference, he did not see how th," pe-
tition could, with propriety, by referred to any
other than the Committee on Manufactures. Tne
last clause of it, that which prayed for a protective
tariff in case a National Bank should be establish-
ed, made the petition the property ot that commit-
tee. He said that he did not care to what com
mittee the petition was referred, all he a ked was
the instructions. II s object was, to have an ex-
pression of opinion en the part of ihis Home re-
specting a tariff He thought that such an exprés
sion was due to his constituents at lhat time, lhat
the House ought to meet the question now, and say
to the country whether they were in favor of an in-
creased tariff or not.
He had not anticipated that a measure of this
kind would be brought forward by himself, he lud
supposed it would have come from the majority,
not from the minority, of this Hou-e This ob-
ject had been made a question in his d su n, it
was one of the important point, mic'o m Ptn yl-
vama, during the late Presidential campaign lie
considersd that they had been promised a prot o
tive tariff on the event of General Hainson'i elec-
tion.
Mr. EVERETT ro<e to a question of order
He submitted to the Chair whether there n^s ?ny
reference made in the President's, message to a
protective tariff, and whether, therefor*, the sub-
ject did not come within the rule adopted by the
House, prescribing and limning the ac'ion of the
House during the present extra sess on
The SPEAKER said that the revision <f the
tariff generally was not particularly recommended
in the President's message, but th«t it was ver/
difficult for the Chair to determine between peti-
tions having reference to the compromre ac , and
petitions having reference to an increase 01 duties
One of the prayers of ihis petition was, that ii>re
should be an increase of dunes The Pres dent
himself had recommended an increase, to a limited
extent, to be sure, within the terms of the compro-
mise act. Trie Chair had'looked over the message
with great care, and was not prepared to decide
that all petitions relating to the tariff, or «.ven the
tariff itself, were not a proper subject for discus-
sion. It was extremely difficult to draw t e dis-
tinction—
Mr EVERETT.    I draw the distinct on, Mr
Speaker, between a tariff for revenue and a tauff
lor protection.
The SPEAKER. But gentlemen m?y differ as
to what is a tariff for revenue and what is a tariff
for protection.
Mr. SLADE asked the readmg óf that portion
of the President's message referred to, which was
read as follows;
"In order to supply the wants of the Government an intelli
gent constituency in view of their bestinteie ts will, without
hesitation, subir it to all necessity buidens But it is neverthe
less important so as to impose them as to avoid defeating the
j ust expei turns of the countiy growing out of pie existing
laws lneactofthe 2d March, 1833, commonly called the
Compiomise Act, should not be altered, except under urgent
necessities, which are not belteved at this time to exist One
yeai only remains to complete the series of reductions pro
vided for by that law at which time provisions made by the
same law and which then will be brought actively in aid of
the manufacturing interests of the Union will not iail to pio
duce the most beneficial ie«ults Under a system ol discrimi
nattngduuee imposed foi purp >sesof íevenue, in unison with
the provisions of existing laws it is to be hoped that oui policy
will in the futuie be fixed and peimanent so as to avo 1
those constant fluctuations which defeat the veiy objects
they have in vipw We shall thus best maintain a posl
Hon which while it will enable us the more íealily to meet
the advance ot othercountnes calculated to promote oui trade
and commerce will, at the sime time, hVave in our own
hands the means of retaliating with greater effect unjust regu
lations "
•Mr EVERETT asked for the rea Vg of the
p-lition, which wis re^d
Mr E suit the who e pelition con'emplated a
tariff foi protection He did not teel d^poseiti
agitate lhat qnestio-, an!, with a view to test the
¿ens" of the H use as to whelher this «ubject came
within the rule or not, he would take an appeal
from the decisicr of the Speakeb.
And the question be  e on the appeal—■
Mr   FLOYD of New York a*ked the yea? and
nay1:, which were or lered
Mr PROFFIT moved to lay the appeal on the
table
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Speaker whe-
ther that motion, if it prevailed, would carry the
petition to the table wuh it
The SPEAKER said it would not
And the question recurring on the motion of Mr
Proffit to lay the appeal on th- table, it was
taken, and decidel in the affirmative without a
division.
So the apoeal was laid on the table
Mr FORNANCE pioieeecd in his rcmaiks
lie said he was =orry thMgci tleman sooull appear
so veiy sensitive on ills lubj ct, and was >-ur
prised to find lhat gentletr""  in the majority should
manifest so great sensibility. He lud expected,
looking to the result of the last Presidential election,
that this would have been one of the first measures
brought forward by the present majority oí the
House But not so, it seemed He h"d heard
tell of the intended repeal of the Suo-Treasury,
he had heard of the intended establishment of
ano'her great Natioial Bank, be had heard tell of
various important mtasuestobe brought before
the House, but ""-jet he had heard nothins! of any
in ention on tn pirt ot Ihe majority to c^Wis'i
an incieased ti r ff It was f^r tin reason that he
had introduced this su'j"Ct—o test ih  questi n
whether a protective t riff or an increased tariff
was or was not to  be brought forward
He had introduced a propositi n of a Mrrilar
charac er at the last <-esMon of Congress, when cer-
tain resolutions from the State of Pennsylvania
were presan ed, asking a dis nbution of the pro-
ceeds of the saies of the public lands and th1 in-
crease of ihe tariff.
But his colleague from ihe city of Pmladelphia
[Mr Sergeant] had interposed a privil-ged mo-
tion, by which the Pemsylvpnia reso'ut ors were
laid upon ihe table of this Home, the-"e to die an
ignominious death
He thought the Pennsylvania resolutions had not
been treated with proper respect They came from
the political friends oí his colleague, [Vlr S ] tiey
h?d cost the State of Pennsylvania a large *am of
money to send them here, they came fiom ihe a«-
^embled representatives of the Harn>on pany in
Pennsj-lvama, and he thought they should iot have
been so summarily disposed of by his colleague,
[Mr S ] that they deserved b tter trea'meut man
merely to be kid upon ihe table, never again to be
thought of.
Mr Fornancf aid there wer-> several reasons
for asking tne House to instruct the committee as
proposed
The existing tariff is c< ns d°red, by a portion of
the people of this country, unequal and unjust in
us operation"; It is believed that the pre ent ta-
riff imposes a tax upon the poor, by imposing
duties upon?the necessaries of lite, whilst various
articles of luxury are permitted to be imported free,
or nearly free  from duty    That it affords pr< tec
tion to various articles of maaufacture ih^t needs
not such protection, whilst other articles equally
deserving of protection are left entirely unprotected.
That ihe present compromise bill is a mere politi-
cal jackal, s'arted of by the lion of a party, not
for tne country's good, but for other purposes  That
the pre ent tariff compromised the conflicting in-
terests of the North and South, merely by deceiv-
ing both   To the Nonh it was a protective tariff, be-
cause it protected some manufactures to the exclusion
of other*, in theSsutb it passed for a non protective
t?rff because it afforded no protection to certain
kmd3 of manufacture    These, he said, were the
opinions of at least a poriicn of the people, and
whether they were correct or not, the suoject was
worth tbe consideration of Congres     For him
self and his constituents, he  svould undertake to
say, that a majority, a large majai'y, were op-
posed to  those extreme-,, to which  th<? tariff m
ihiscoontry had been subjected    A few years ago,
between the years 1820 and 1828, when tbe Ame-
rican «ystem party n the Noith advocated a high
protective  tariff, when they  told us about h«r>ae
industry,   pbout   dnv ng    foreign   manufactured
goods fiom our   markets,  about   protecting our
manufactures from foreign competition, by high
duties, amounting m efiVet almost  to prohibition,
a majoiity in his district were found oppostd  to
such a  tariff.   Afterwards,  when  the American
system pirty bartered away their great American
system for the present compromi e bill, the consti-
tuents of Mr Fornance thought it a very sudden
and a mighty fall from the high  estate the Ameri-
can  system  party had   taken   so short   a time
before.
Mr L. WILLIAMS submitted to tbe Chair
lhat the question now was on the reference, and it
seemed to him (Mr, W ) that the general subject of
ine tariff was not open for discussion lie des red
the Speaker to decide whether lha gentleman wís
in order
The SPEAKER said that the limits of Ihe de-
bate, properly speaking, were even more narrow
than the gentleman fiom North Caro ina [Mr.
William's] had indicated, the question being on the
amendment to the instructions.
Mr FORNANCE continued. He said that
whilst he held the floor, he desired to «ay a few
words as to his motives in submitting the preposi-
tion he had made, and in doing so, he would en
deavor to confine himself strictly within the rules
hud down by the gentleman from Ncrth Carolina,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not by me, but by the rules
of this House.
Mr FORNANCE continued. He simply a* d
that just ce should be done to hi* constituents, who
had bad rea on to believe that one of the measures
of th s Administration would be a tariff
He proposed to state two or three reasons why
the subject should be brought before Congress af
this time One was this we were told that one of
the measures of the Administration wau to be the
di.tnbu ion of the proceeds of the sales of the pub
lie lands Congress had been urg d to do so oy
the Legislatures of different Siates We lad had
t e measure agitated here, and we knew that it v¡ it,
one arrong the recommendat ions of the Presidents
message.
Mr B0A.RDMAN submitted to the Cpeskei that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [M' FiRkance]
was out of older
The SPEAKER said it was not m rrder lo Ju
cuss th'se questions on a mere qu° íion oí refe
re nee.
Mr FORNANCE continued. If this was done,
it would take from the ie enue of onr country se-
veial millions of dollar , and it would become to
tOinqjire how that reveiuevvas to he suoplied
Was it not in order to >-how the disttibution of ihe
public lands would take fren the Government at
lesst one source of its revenue? That it would take
from the receipts of Government several millions
of dollars every year' That it would entirely destroy
our source ofrovenue? That an increased tariff, or
some other source of revenue, must be provided to
take its place? And that, in cousequence thereof,
it was now the duty of Congress to instruct the
