¡STDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_______Public Lands—Mr. Clifford.
June, 1841:
27th Cong....1s>t Skss.
passage. There cannot be two opinions on this
point, if gentlemen will but consider tne amount
proposed to be squandered, and will but call to
mmd the fact that five millions more is to come off
of the tariff before the thirtieth day of June, 1842,
by the operation of the compromise act of the
sscond of March, one thou and e ght hundred and
thirty-three, and yet it is said tax, silks, wines, &c
to «upply the defieiencv. No other articles
have been named; and if in that I am mistaken, I
would be gbd 'o be corrected, as I desire to see
the list filled up upon some responsible authority.
It is true, reference was made to the gross amoeint
of free importations, but without any specification
of ihe various ameles of which it is composed, or
any designa ion or selection e f the article- to be
regarded as the new souice of revenue. Itis pro-
per to temark, that the attention of this committee
may be drawn to the fact, that the gross amount
of free importations, to vnich reference has been
made, mc'udes necessaries as well as luxuries,
and all the t annus articles which the present Se-
cretary oí the Treasury himself nropes^s sh-ill
con niue to be admitted free of duty, par'iculatly
specifi d in the fitfh section of the act before re
ferredto, an¿ another very important item, wmch
no one would dare propose ti tax, namely, sre-ie
and bullion, amounting of it elf to wore than four-
teen millions of dcllars, in the standard jear of
1838, and to a rmuh larger sum in the othei years
to when reference was made. A very sight exi-
mmation ot tbe documents of commerce and navi-
gation would satisfy every reasonable man that
he whole amount of free importations which
could properly be called luxuries, consistently
wito the opinion  ?nd habits of ihe v.hole people
of the country, having reference to every c ass in
society, whether nch ir pcoi, dies not exceed
twent) five milluns of dollar . A duty of twenty
per cent ad va orem on this amount ¿vou'd jit d
to the Treasury five millionsot dollars—provided
the enhanced cost to the consumer, the necessary
off ct of a'l increased ra e of duty, should not re-
duce the amountof consumption, andcon"equnntly
the amount ot importations. The impjrtition
of luxnnes is more likely to be reduced by
augm-nting the rate of duties than nece sanes,
(or tho cbvious reason that the people can be ter
forego the use of th  iorm°r wh«n the price is
high thai of the latter, wh ch ate indispensably
r. quisle to a comfortable subsistence, an 1 must,
therefore, b' pureha'ed, wh tner at a h,gh or low
puce Put the cas- m tie most favorable ii?ht f< r
the argument on the other stJe, and I am sure
thjt no one who will tike the t onhle to examine
this table from the Treasury Department, will
undertake to anVm that any gieater amount of
levenuc than five, millions of dollars can be raised
fn m ¡h  list cf article? therein enumerated, and I
Wul agam call up a the other s'de to spicily any
other article now free of duty, and oí ímpor anee
to ihe argument, that they would have included in
the list to b' effected by the new ínpcsitio,; tl
none is named, it will be as-u ned that none can be.
(S  table in next column )
No oi,e will name any amele, and yet it .s pos-
s b e ther- nwy be some difference ot op nt ¡i as to
the arucles properly denomraied ne-essar es, m
cont-adistniGiioa to luxuries. I wru'd like to re
informed ^hethsr, ip speak ng of luxuries, gentle-
men include tea, coff-e, sugar, and mo ass s'
Amongst my c nstituen's these artic'es, if ever
tvey were regard d as luxuries, have cea«ed to be
so. Tney are consrr.ed i'i eveiy family, by he
poor as much as by ihe run, and ihe habits and
customs of ths people in th s respect cannot be
ebinged by the force of arbitrary and o,piessve
laws,"without produ-ing serous compiamt, sod
they ought not to be so ehmged under any preterce
whatevtr Do the pecp'e tnie ughout New E in-
land regard ihcse articles as luxuues, but en the
contrary, Jo thev rot i gard them as neee^sí p ?
Let the repiesentalives from iho e State  ans> cr,
and if I am correct in regarding them as neces
sanes, let the fuends of this measure tell us how the
deficitncy can be supplied? No one has under-
taken to estimate the amount proposed to be
appropriated by this bill, at a less sum than three
millions  and a   half annually.    This may be
assumed to be correct without pro f, as no one
will controvert it.
Now, sir, I wish to read a short passage from
the report of the late Secre ary cf the Treasury to
the Senate, ot the 19th of Jannar?, 1841:
"It is be leved that the reduction m the duties on imports,
which by the existing tariff, will tike place m the jeai 1842,
(June 30) cannot vary much from five millions of dollars toi
the reasons assigned m the last two annual reports on the
finances, the expeo ations of the undeisi^ned ale, tlMt if the
expenditures aie propel !y and seasonably diminished, it wilt
not be necessary to raise all this amount by taxation in any
form "
All prospect of the reduction of the expenses of
this Government for the present, every tne know 
is gone—nothing of the k nd is intended, and was
not intended by tne revileis of the la'e Administra-
tion when the promise was made Thcecha'ges
of extravagance -isamst that Administration were
clamored forth for pohiical effect, but the promises
of retrenchment and reform «ere never designed lo
be carried furiher than to enable thepai y to reach
the spoils of office. No sooner were the e refoim-
ers made sure of their victory, even before
ihey were seated in poner, they changed the
ground of their complaint, and cha ged on their op-
ponents, myself among the rest, a niggardly spirit,
and a opposition to reduce th" appropriations be-
low the real wants of the Government, and now
what do we set' Every department represented
before the committers of th'S House officially, ask-
ing for further appropnatiens, aid ftbe-e ¡s the
preposition for reduction' It i as net been made
Certain it is, I have seen none No relucicn of
expenses is contemplate!1, and it is vain to exp-c'
it. It is best to look at  hingt as they are, and not
a? we would have them, wnen there is no prospect
< f change for the bitter. The tibie that has bepn
real, inclut'ts ¿11 the art eles t f free íntortaiion
wh c i can be s^bj^cted to the n^v, imnositi n opon
any just pobcv, wtthopt «-ícnficu g !e mt-rfsi-, of
c minercf . nl n^viga n u, or p ciiuc "g ve > *, ea
additional distress am ng the labe ring and pro-
ducing classes. As to silks, it will be seen tb"t the
wi ole amount imported in 1833 is $8 277 705 A
duty of twenty p<_r cent would yield only $1,655,-
81
H. of Reps.
541 But thi* estimate must be taken with some
qualificat'on, because of the decrease of importa-
tion, which the experience of every member of the
committee will suggest must take place under an
increased rate of duty. The amount of silk and
worsted goods imported in that year is $1 522,272.
This item would yield enly $304,454, and the same
computation can easily be made in regard to any
one of the articles named. The amount of impor-
tations is somewhat larger in 1839, but that was a
year of bank expansions and speculation, aad of
consequent overtrading, and ca*inot be regarded
as a guide for wise legislation, for m the yt ar 1840
there n a very latge reduction, considerably below
the standard of my estimation. Let gentlemen ex-
amine this subject, and I am sure the<r candor will
compel them to admit the accuracy of this state-
m nt If there be any euor in it, expose it, and I
will stand corrected
The next p>opo=i ion that I affirm is, that the
aggregate c f revenue from all sources, írcludmg
lands and customs, is no moie than sufficient lo de-
fray the ordinary current expenses of the Govern-
ment, tinder the most economical admimstiation,
and that there is no probability of ?ny better state
of things in regard to the public finances for a sa-
nes of j ears lo come Then, sir, after the thirtieth
day of June, 1842, if you pass thi> bi'l, there will
be a permanent deficiency oí e ght millions and a
ha'f a year—five millions from customs, and three
millions and a half by this grataity to the States.
The five millions from customs may be supplied
by a twenty per cent, duly on ftee articles
of impoitations, ca'Ud luxuries, without any
serious detriment to commerce, and without
oppression lo the laboring and producing
classes of society. But there is su'l a deficit of
three millions and a half, ^nd hiw is that to be
supplied' The answer 11 n y m nd is plain, and it
isinaiawr hat my constituents understand, and
con equently ¿re opposed to this measure. I
believe I hazard nothing m saying that two
thirds of the legal voters in my district con-
cur wuh me m the opinion that this bill ought
not to pass, at all events, vtry many of Ihe Whig
party expressed that opinion to me in i^e vacation
afer the last session of Congiess. The deficit
must be supplied in one of three wiys—by a per-
mantnt n dional debt—by a high protec ive tariff—
or by dunes on the necessaries of life: if there is
any oiher mrde, I will thank any gen leman to
pom' it out It fvould be a di cjvery ihit ought
to be made public for the berefit of ihe people
and their representatives Having sat sfied my
own mind that after 1842, without n'w legislaron, if
this bill passes, there will be an annual deficiency
of revenue, to cany on the Government, of eight
millions and a h?lr, I proceed to inquire how
do°s ihe Administration piopose to supp'y the
m an t T ie answer i at hand in tne /<llo«?ing
exir ct from the report of the SvCiear> of the
Treasury of June 3 1841, w'itti desirves tobe
examined by the members of this eorrmatce and
bj  my c nsiftuerts     The report ^ajs
' riuta it tray not common with the vievva of Cen^tess to go
mttarew i in in I dn i me it of the cu aims so long before
theactof M^i h > lo-io, comea to have its firut and perma-
nei t opei ition, ihu i n leitisn11!! svoutl íe^pectfui y recom-
mend, a> a tenl( ii ly nitimhe, tj e levy of <i d ¡ly of ¿0 per
-en lit \ i 01 monttli tictes whn h air now ftee of fluty, or
which p i\ a less duty than 20 pci cent evoept "old an 1 silver,
and the ai ¡ les so einciHy e uimeiuted in the St'section of the
aetof Much 21, lb33 '
Tienp rt sp>. k^ for it e'f, i' propers to levy
a duly of twt-niy per cen'. on all the necessaries of
lif„ ^h en are new free of duty, or vlnc'i pay a less
du ) than t«entj percent, vuthcut excep'ing onear-
tic'e o' f ■ ml} cor^ump ion May I not ask if there
is a Rer resen alive fie m Maine on 'hi1- floor, who
w '1 v te to levy a duty of tw n'y per cent, on lea,
etflte, -nd rro'->s<e'", oi to increase the specific
duty oi si g3r and salí' If «o, it is to be hoped the
jeas ard nays may te cilled, that the people may
Kn->w v. ho is m favor ard who is sgamst this mea-
suie. It :s neces«ary to explain for one moment
the effect and extent of this proposed new duty; it
would not affect any article bearing a higher rate
of duty than w recommended to be subs'ituted,
and thus, perhaps would excluda from its opera-
tion the articles ef sugar and salt, though wuh the
cash system of duties and home valuation, it JBJgbl
