04                                         APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.1          __________Jane, 1841.
—--------.■—...-■—       .       ------    .          ,.              t¡    .      m.u------------------........„........_____,        .  .   ..------,..—................................-■«■■■■■............iiiin        m— ii —ail——-...............■-
27th Cong. .. 1st Sess.                                         Public Lands—Mr. Clifford.                                                              H. of Reps.
United State  was adopted on the 17ih of Septem-
ber, 1787, and went mío full operation on the 4ih
-of March, 1789 It provides that the Corgress
shall have power to dispose of, and make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting, ihe territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and
nothing m this Constitution shad be so construed
as to prejudice any claims of ihs United States or
of any particular State." Tne States of North
Carolina and Georgia made their cessions subse-
quently to the pdopiion of the Constitution, the
former on the 25th of February, 1790, and the lat-
ter on the 16th of June, 1802 But, as there is no-
thing in those deeds to throw any additional light
upon the subject, or to ehange, in the slightest de-
gree, the bearing of the argument on either side, I
will not fatigue the committee wiih any portion of
their details. Thus, Mr. Chairman, I have
presented, in as concise a manner as it is
possible for me to do, a historical summary of
«11 the leading fads within my knowledge
which can have any tendency to elucidate the
title to these laads. It is no part of my intention
to enter into an argument upon the construction of
those deeds. Their language is loo clear and ex-
plicit to require it at my hands, especially as the
point has been frequently explored in both Houses
of Congress with ability, historical knowledge, and
learning. I cannot add to the arguments hereto-
fore urged, and will not attempt to weaken their
force by repeating them. It is sufficient for me to
declare what is my solemn conviction, that no es-
tate or interest of any description whatever is re-
served to the States, neither trust, use, remainder,
or reversion, but that the absolute property and
control r>f the lands is m the Uni ed States of Ame
rica in Congress assembled, subject only to the li-
mitations and directions of the fundamental law of
the Union, from which all ihe powers or Congress
must be derived, in reference to the sale and dispo-
sition of the money di-nved fiom ihese lands.
One remark, if you please, as to the claim of the
States for the necessary and reasonable expenses
incurred in the war, and in the acquisition of the
territory, particularly referred to m the resolve of
the 10th of October, 1780, be'ore cited, and I will
pass on to another branch of the inquiry. Those
claims were recognised as debts due from the com-
mon Government, to be paid out of the ccmmon
treasury of the defederation, and were not made
a charge upon the lands, and it is worthy of re-
mark that snch was the view taken at the time,
and since, and in pursuance of that rec gm-
tion, every dollar of the claim has b(ei p?>d
from the cmmon revenues of the coun-
try, derived, it not entirely, certainly for the
most part, from -'unes on import'. There is only
one expre-sion in the deeds of cession, to wit
"Virginia inclusive," (hit reqti're  Pny explana-
tion. This may be explained on two grounds, firsl,
that the ceding States were not only grantors m the
deeds, but constituted a part of i>i e Confederation;
and secondly, that, by the eight h ancle of that
compact, the Congress possessed rro taxing powers.
The expenses of the common defence and general
welfare were defrayed out of a commi n Treasuiy,
which was supplied by the severel States m pro-
portion to the value of all the la-d withm eath
State grant d to or surveyed fo-any person, but the
taxes were levied and col'tcHd by the Stales
Having atlerop'ed to prove ihat by the deeds of
cession no estate or m'ercst whaievtr was reserved
to the States, I desire to consider the ar^ ¡inent on
the other side upon its assumed basis—tha1 the
public lands were conveyed to ihe U.med S'ates
as the trustee of the 3 a'es. Grant it io' the mo-
ment, though notiiirg is farther from the truth, it
is admit ed that in all «uch caros the trustie may
reimburse him*tlt for all re,*scnablj expenses and
advances mcuricd or made in the management of
the fund No one doubts this n,ht it is louoJcd
on the principle of jus'ice, wh ch 'orbids one m n
to take advantage of his o n act to ihe prejudice
of another. The justice of the principle has neier
been controverted, and its appl cation to this new
of the caSe is frankly acknowledged by the friends
of the bill. The gross proceeds of the «ales of the
ceded lands; from the earliest period to the 13ih of
September last, fall be'ow one hundred millions
of d  liar , and, at all events, cannot exceed that
amount. It is generally admi led by those who
take this view, lha'the leading obpet o! the c-s on
was lh  payment of the debt incurred in tie Revo-
lutionary s rugg'e. Well, sir, if the amount of
that debt should bt deducted, then the whole ex-
penses of surveys and management, extinguish-
ment of Ii'd'an titles, Indian annuities, and pay-
ments to the State of Georgia under the articles of
agreement and cession between her and ths United
Slate0, remain wholly unpaid, which several sums,
in the aggregate, exceed the amount of the gross
proceeds of the sales by at least two millions of
dollars. One of two things, therefore, is true be-
yond controversy; either that no part of the debt of
the Revolution has been paid out of this fund, or
that all the expenses before referred to, including
the purchase money for Indian titles, which in
many cases is th- fall value of the Ian', remain as
a proper charge upon this fund, as it is called,
upon the well known pr.neiples of law applicable
to the rights of trustee and cestui que trust, so that,
n any event, the balance n asainst the land , and
in favor of Ibe Treasury, and goes to defeat the bill
upon the assumed bas'sof tbeargument maintained
by it* fncsds if you waive the debt of the Revolu-
tion, that balance is about $2,000,000; if you include
it, it is more than a hundred millions. No one of
these est<ma es includes anything for pensions
granted to Revolutionary officers and soldiers, nor
any portion of the forty millions which has been
expended on account of Indian hostilities, er the
money deposited with the Stales. I will not nu'-
sue the inquiry further, but invite gentlemen to ex-
amine the public documents and make their own
computation*; and if they will do so, I entertain no
doubt that my 'ta'ements will rrcsive ample corro-
borate d. But the argument at'empted to bedrrwn
from the deeds of cession, has ceased lobe of much
tmpor anee; though, in the origin of the measure, ten
or twelve jears ago, it was mainly relied on for i(j
justification. It has noi only ceastd to be impor-
tant, but has been abandoned, if no* by the gen le-
mán who has preceded me, certain it is, that it has
been by some of the most em'nent among the lead-
ers of his party. Why has it been abandoned?
undoubtedly for the reason that if it could be sus-
tained, it would cover but a fragment of the case.
Examine the bill, and see if it be not "o. It proposes
to appropriate the annua! pioceeds of the whole
public do-aam, ceded an 1 purcha ed, amounting
b* esiir>i?t o ! to more it-au a thousand millions of
rcie-s, and that, too, forever, excej t in the contm
ge'cy of a fore^n \jar. The who'e amount of
land^ cc'ed to the Unite-! States is, included in the
St,-tc<- of O'no, Indiana, Mich «an, and the Terri-
of Wiskonsan, ard thit poitionof the States of
Ahoaina and \5ississippi ¡jip¿ north of the thirly-
first-d<gr e of noith latitude, and amoun'ed onpi-
naliy to (acres)    -            .             .       231,773 379
Prom this quantity vinous deductions
mus' be made for reservations in the
¿etiL of cession, military bounty
lands for 'chooK, roads and ca
na s, for reservations in Ind an trea-
ties, and private claims, amounting,
in ihe whole, to                29,308 614
Ami unt «old and paid for
up to  30to of Septem-
ber, 18-«0, *ay            -    72,579 991
Indian ti' es not yet ex-
tinguished         -       -   26 9.22,731
-----------       133,80°. 266
Amount !o be sold             -             -    102,964 113
Th"r  aie no rreans witiii i my knowledge of
asce'ta-mng the am >um sold, or the exDen^es in-
curred, since S piember la*r, nor is it important,
as tie statem n1 alr-ady exh' i ed ful'y justifies
f-e ci nclusira that the whole amonen of ceded
lanf. remaining unscll and available, dops not
exceed one hund'td millions of aeres—which is
pbout one-tenth of the whole amount There is
no rea« m to believe that any pecuniary benefit mil
result to the Government from the Indian titles jet
to be purchased within the limits of the c ded lands,
bee us , as I understand, the more recent treaties'
contain a stipulation to pay the whole nett proceeds
as a consideration for the title given up, and if
this policy shall be continued, of course m thing
will be realized to the Treasury. Moreover,
many of these lands have been culled and pillaged;
having been in the market more than twenty jears.
The lands ceded by the States, therefore, may just-
ly be said to constitute bat a fragment of the case.
It is matter of surprise to me that the old argu-
ment of resulting trust from those acts of ceosion
should have been pressed upon the a tention of
this committee as affi rdmg any constitutional jus-
tification for the extended and unlimited opera-
tions ot this measuie; and that, more especially a?
it is a well known fact that this ground of justifi-
cation, to a very great exient at least, has been re-
pudiated by the faiher of the system. Let me give
the gentleman a plain matter of fact in suppoit of
th's declaration. It will be recollec'ed by all that
General Jackson refu*ed to sign the land bill of
1832, and that at the next session of Congress in
December, 1833, he returned the bill to the Senate,
with his reasons for withholding h's constitutional
sanction. That message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, of which Mr. Ciay of
Kentucky was chairman. On the 2d of May,
1834, he made a very able report in answer to the
President's message, in which, among other things,
he maintains the following po icons:
"But the committee cannot agree with the mes-
sage, that the power of Congress over all the pub-
lic lands remains under the present Constitution
exactly as it was under the Articles of Confedera-
tion. As to those which have been acquired by
treaties with foreign powers, the authority of Oon-
gre<s to dispose of them is un?fleeted by the Arti-
cles of Confederation, ar the deeds of cession, and
depends upon the third section of the fourth article
of the C institution; and as to the residue, the States
that executed the deeds of cession being also parties
to the Constitution, and having adopted jtas -¡eparite
and distinct communities, were competent to ex-
tend the powers of Congress, the common trustee
for all the States, over the trust property which
had been previously conveyed, if they thought pro-
per " And again he says: "The parties to the Con-
stitution were the same as the parties to the deeds,
and the adopiion of the Constitution was as much
the separate act of each State as was the execution
of the several deeds of cession. The Constilu'ion,
too, followed the execution of the deed by Vir-
ginia, and that of every other State but one; and
it there be any incompatibility between them, the
Constitution, being in point of time the Ja^t act,
must control Ihe operation of the prev ous deeds"
It is well known to tho^e present who wee mem-
bers of the last Congress, that another distinguish-
td individual ot the Whig party, v.hose opinions,
I suppose, will be regarded by the frici d< oí ttm
n.easure, as onoodox upon all constitutional ques-
tions, in a vety eloquent speech upon the «ame
subject maintained similar views—1 al'ude to Mr.
Web ter. It is not necessary to read from his
s-ptech, as it mun be wnhm the recollection of many
that are present, that he express y sta ed that, for
himself, he had n ver under aken to denve the
power of Congress to dispose of the public lands
fritn he deeds of ce sion, but msi-trd that it was
to be found alone m the Constitution. It li. not
for me to contradict such high authority It
s obvious to my mind that the advocates of
tna bill must come to this at lasi. l t tnem
turn the argurient as much as they p'ease, they
Will be ft red back npm this posn on In the po
sition precisely as sta'ed, that Conare s derives its
power to d^poe of the public land* in Iwserw 
in which I have before explained it, ihat is, to iell
them, from the Const!.uuon, and m t from (he deeds
ot cession, 1 entirely concji The tit! > of rhe Go-
vern pent was denv d from ihe Stnl^s and the
extent of that title and qua! fictions o estate, if
any, are to oe loc ked for in tin- conpact-. of crssioi,
but the power to sed is conferred in ihat phrase
ot the Constitution which a..t íonz^ Congress to
dispose of the territory ir other property bf longing
to t>'e Um'ed Smes. The rignt to appropriate the
money denveJ from the sa'e has been before con-
sidered, pnd the remarks need not be repeated.
-But, sir, I am desuous of taking up this subject
upon its broadest grcund, and will endeavor, as
far as it is in my power, to dispel some of the de-
