96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th G*kG'"-1st Sbss.
Public Lands—Mr. Clifford.
H- of Reps.
case it will result for the benefit of property and
property 1 olders Most of th= S'ates of the Union
replenish their treasuries enti-ely by a tax on pro-
perty. In the New England S ates, or some of
them, a small proportion is collected from what is
called in the statute book a poll, or capitation tax;
but it is scarcely worthy taking into the account
Almost the who'e amount is raised from properly
holders, in proportion to their ability, or the ex ent
of their pr< perty. The money designed to be ap-
propriated by ihis bill is to be sent to relieve the
Stales, as we are told, to enable them to discharge
some portion, at least, of the two hundred millions
of dollar;, of foreign debt, uhich they now owe.
This enormous debt is a mor gage upon pioper'y,
and if this money is to be tent to the States lo be
expended m the discharge of ihe annual interest
or principal of that debt, its benefits will be di-
vided among ihe owners of property in proportion
to the amount which each one holdi. Take the
case of a man who has one hundred thousand dol-
lars' worth of, properly, and the man who nss
none. The former will be benefi ed greatly; the
latter not to the amount of a farthing. Tren
it is agreed that we must tall back this
same amount ihiough the taxing power of
Congress by new impositions, and I have
endeavored to show it must be done chiefly
by impositions upon ihe necessaries of life.
What will be ihe effect? The poor man,
with a large family, consumes more of the ne-
cessaries of li e than the wealthy man without
family consequently, the former will pay back m
contributions more in point of fact than the latter,
while he is not benefi'ed one mill by the disiri
bution,and ¡/us is a measure of reluf for i'i  pe iple ''
The measure will be miqutuus and unjatt in it*
operation, especially upon ihe people vthom I m
part represent, and of whom I speak with more
confidence, because I have more knowledge of
their condition, and of then pecuniary relations
to each other It is in this point oí view that it
must be corstdered by every intelligent man, a^ a
measure lo n ake ihe rich richer, at the expense ot
the poor. 1 denounce it as sue1!, and decla-e that
in my opinion, it opght not to receive the sanc-
tion of this committee.
With the leivr of ihe commillie I will endca/oi
to m^ke myelf mo't lully un'crsiood upon
anotbei punt m il e a'"ummt, lo wh ch vt-ry
briefly, pud to myself unsaid1 i<n nly, I rtlernd 11
the opemo¿ oí my lcmarks onyesieiday, nam lj,
the pres<nt slate ol the finances, the pubabc <le
ficiency under the operanon of misting la,' , in
conncitten with this bill, iiid t e ways a> d mi u '
by wh.th 'ha dthuency i to be i. ,hL up, th-uit
may be seea wh mcr I -in u«ht in mamla mrlp. ih t1
a large porn no the du íe !o b'- impo^td n.usi
Jail upon ih- labour ' and prod icing oU«n',ij I ei
than upon the i>oi-> wsaHby. 1 am am mg lit
number (f ta< -.c who look upon ail taxation as a
burden, and haze never been able to bring my
mind to the cone iision, t^at ihe bistway to rtli vi
the peop'r is to imjose -"duitu nal taxis upon
them. It see.ns lo me that theie are tho<e who
really bde/e that the best possible mote oí re
lieving ih„ pec'iui.iiy distrc^se, ul 'b* tci'imnnity
is to incie st il e irupo itions, m ihe shape ol du' to
on impo.is, upon the c 'nsuu.tr I do not take th tt
view. My r od (t th nking lea K me to tne con
clu-ion that Government n ell, b* best ot Go ven -
ments, is a ncct-sary buidcn upon the people a
burden wh í h, to be uio, oupht tobe borne wi h
great chíeiíaln" s, .is it is i!Cce'sai| tor piottction
agairst fcrcgn . igic^ion, and for the purposes ot
fore gn in ere uis , as w< il as to rtgu'a'e ?1 th ir
jnternal arr«.n,trjKn s, b'U ull a burdtn upon the
industry and lahor of ihp reopie The burd n,
therefor', shoul J re madi- as 1 "hi as po«s ble, er -
mstent wits th" ends of good Government and the
objects of our Constitution I ctlieve that the
framers of the Constitution intended to corfei
only such few powers rpos this Government 83
were necessary to acci mpiish the great ends of the
Union, and that they have most carefully, and in
language of wonderful fitness, prescribed, limited,
and bounded all the powers ot the Federal Go-
vernment, and that none of these powers is cir-
cumscribed wubin more cer'ain limits, than the
taxing power of Congress.
The idea of taxing the people m order to rel'eve
their dis'resses, and the stubborness with which ¡t
is insisted upon, ¡s like (be philosophy of Dr
Sangrado, whose universal remedy for all diseases
was b'eedmg and warm wa'er; and when, ¡n the
course of a few months, it was found that ins sys-
tem of treatment made more Widows and orphans
than cures, the docior insisted that ihe fault
was not in tne remedy, that u was sove-
reign, and would cure ah moladle ; but that ihe
difficulty WoS the patienis would not take enougn of
it. So it is here, when g"hllemen ii id that the
people aie dis re^ ed, lh~y cry tax them, and when
they become still more distressed, they say tax
them more still, and you will relieve them. The
justice or policy of such a course of proteeding, is
not very apparent. No, Mr. It is a delusion. It
is all a mistake The less the peop'e an" taxed
the belter, tb.it industry may have i's ora reward
Whenever a Government undertakes to furnish
governmental protection, through the medium of
tariff laws, it always results to the benefit of a
particular class, at the expense of all otheis. It
may benefit the few by prejudicing the many.
Th s Government h?s no money to expend or give
away except what has been collected from the
labir and industry of the people at great expense m
the collection, ard if ary which it has shall be
squandered,abke amount must be levied and collect
ed through tne same exp-nsive process It is bettf r,
therefore, to keep what is now m the Trea ury and
to collect as 1 ttle in addition a1? is consistent wi,h
the objects of the C nsti uuon It md.y be a sumed
ai cue, v. thout ui der'alrtig'o el?bo,?te ih  point
further, that, un 1er existir^ ,av , A L ¡> n cment,
the aggregate amount of revnne f.orn lands and
customs, which are t> e only re íable sources,is not,
and for a long ser es of years 'o tome \ iU nut pro-
bably be, more than sufficient lo at'mims'er the
Government in the ham's cf the most economical
Administra ion It lis alnaly apptared, on ¡he
authon'y oí the report of tt,e 3tcreiarv oí the
Treasury, that a diminution in the ra ;s ot dutes
will shou'j take place undet the compionioe fct,
whicn will effect an annual reductiunoi the reve-
nue m an amount nut less than five mil lorio of
doll.tr Tbeariou.it to be ¡>r> up i_t (I irdcr
tin-bill, 1 a mi. e to be tori jn is, d ,i h-ilf
Thus it is >s p ^ n .i t at cío , n 1 two a e >< w,
fhil lb<-ie vi 1 le, ait r h- th r to d.yo'Juae
ne?t, an a mis>l deficercy m in .evenur to dc-
fia\ ll j nectary and iurro¡,i erpen es, o/ e ght
millions and a 1 alf of dollar, smdi deneency
must ' suppled by new imprisons And the n.yt
pomt whch I abisme is that t'n i,noe amount
th t ca.i it re'h/ed to h T, asu y run an
nipt ¡ten if uUl s c>t t',r ial  ot tven'y
pei tent upiu „il_oil ame * of luxu —will
will nci yit Id lo tm Treasury lio e iban sufiicient
lo sarpy ificuve ¡rill o -ehiciistoc m rd be
tivtcn ns.it ih-3'lhcí June next, ui '< r the
op rd on ot d e .-a temre rcfrned to, and that
the duty ou„ht to be impose! for that purpose
anniorno cti er ¡¡so er purpo e whaiever No
greyer amount- n be le.niz.d vnhout a pa'paoic
vi 'ation cf the lundomen'al p in, ipi«s oí i.v ccm-
pr mi e, in reU ,on to wn ch it is ,v teed, as i sop-
po c on ail sides, ^ Jsr as ihe opn^ons ot gtrtlc-
wen hare Leen expi.-eJ, vm few cxeepl on<,
o uinovai cits arc to  te m-de.    Tie^enri-
tms
, ,      -  -10ut
ot ei iiKcns ci sujioiy tnau a du'/ i.p n thc i tc«s-
s-iie  < f I ¡t, ol t re? mi lions and a lull of aol-
lart It ha e-m ' to ice thai Ihisp it o i ¡ i-,
gcmpiil ,s of ufiicicn importane- to ju tnv the
icsta em=nt of ihe t poms in ir is cou ise ioim,
thil the y mty te fully ar.precia ed and undeistool
by ,he cm\r ,itee This vie* oí ih^ else, in my
e nmaiiop, ,s tn most important ow m wh si it
ran be ei mide-cd on the core of rx^diency. If
the p-emis s are correct, ihe cent usiou is met ta-
D e, that if ti-e measur  prevail , we mast resort to
a national debt, a high protective tariff, or oppres-
sive tax/>t on upon the necessaries of life, as I
have befo.e attempted to prove.
Wo one will have the effrontery to assail any
tha
mi ts lead im to the ieHilt U,a%  n  yjii   ¡as   U
bill, there i > He s perm urn  u dcu-ro,  wilho
one of the premises which go to make up the con-
c'usion, that there will be a deficit of three millions
and a half in the case supposed, unless by possi-
bihty it may be as-erted that a greater amount than
five millions nuy he raised irom luxuries. Tne
gentlemen that preceded me, dwelt largely upon the
g 0'S amount of free importation Since the ad-
journment on jesterday, I have looked a little into
this matter, and think I am now prepared to meet
i1, and to satisfy the committee that noihwg further
can be expected from this source. It would be use-
less to go over each of the seven years to which
allusion was made.
Take the standard year of 1838:
The whole amount of iree importa-
tions was
Deduct bullion gold •
Do.        "     silver ■
Specie—gold
"        silver
Hides
Tea
Coffee
i 230,694
392 843
11444,189
5,679,390
2,036 629
3,495,151
7,640,217
|60,860,005
And the articles proposed to be ex-
empted by report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, of 19 h of Janua-
ry, 1841, about    -
30,919,113
$29,940,892
4 500,000
025 440 892
Thus, Mr. Chairman, you will perceive how
exceedingly vague and uncertain the argument is,
that «as drawn from the gross amount ot iree im-
poriations.asaiehab e source of re venue beyond he
amount I have supposed. Calcula e as you may,
there is not more than twentj-five mill on  of free
importations that can be considered luxuries, and
v. h ch the people of the country will consent that
the new imposition shall effect. The same remarks
apply to each of the seven years to which referente
was made. The best way to test th s matter, it
any gentleman chooses to question the accuracy
oí my posi ion, will be for hira to make up a list of
the art'des whieh he proposes to tax, and to sub-
mit it to the committee and to the country. Then
'b^e will be an iss*ie. which must con e, and iba',
too at nod slant peno i To avoid any attempt
that may be made to turna point upon me, b, 
those who may Iol'ow in the deba e, I wi'h to read
a furti er Ub't, showing the amouni ot silks
impcrtedjfjirom beyond thf Cape of Good Hope,
(or i"e years 1838 39, and '40,'wluch, at a gUnc-,
•xill satisfy eveiy inethatno ad^it onal icvtnue
can be expected liom that souice, but that a con-
sid"nb e rednc i r will take place after the 30 h
of June, 1842, and when th s is done, I pledge
mjself not lo trouble the committee with any more
stat'stics.    It is as follows.
S Iks imported paying duly
leu
From In ha lud  < tm a
ftevwng S ik
Duly dt 10
Foieigu co<     pi-r cfnt
| Dutyat ¿>
Toieigncost     poi i-°n
„___
---.----,--------.-----
------_
----------
183S
1839
1840
1,170 455      117 645 50
1 73 ,5u9      173 850 9J
X)j MA       9j,3bt,,60
33S 178
¿7iáb4
114(510 «
27b,2o0 88
oí Té^ 4^
Notl—iho duty on eewing silk from 1st lanuary t 30th
June ]^i2 will be 2b pei cent aliei lhe 30 h Tune 1-¡2,21) pel
cent
The people of the country will never submit to
tie (Ui>e ef a national debt Ail wish to avoid
that, at lease bv then professions; and it is not for
me to ascube othei mouV^s than such as are
avowed. 'I hen we have but two alternatives to
supply the deficiency ot three millions and a half
to be cieated by the passage of the bill upon your
tab'e, we shall inevitably be driven to the necessi-
ty of carrying out the views of the houorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams ] or the
views of o her gentlemen, probably of restoring a
heavy duty upon the necessaries ot life, and if the
issue must come to this point, the gentleman from
Massachusetts will have the triumph, and the tariff
