98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Bemovals from Office—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
was passed. The judgment of earth rests upon it
So convinced are the people of its ut eons ttution-
ality atsd injustice, that the very last Congress
Íiassed an act refunding to the heirs of a venerable
ife, public and private, must bow before them If
the people do not resist at the threshold this attempt
at usurpation, the next decree may hmt very gently
that all officers of the Government must attend a
particular cburcb; and next, that as all the officers
have to belong to one political church, it is thought
best that they should all belong to one and the same
religious church.
'The tenure of office might be made to exclude
religious, as well as political, "non comformity."
Sir, this edict I regard as a mere entpnug wedge,
and put forth as a feeler to see what the public will
bear.
Let us compare the mode of executing this
edict with the mode of carrying out the sedition
law, odious, oppressive, and unconstitutional, as
that Jaw is admitted to be. The sedition act of
1798 required an indictment; the accused bad a
right to a copy of the charge; he had a right to
introduce witnesses m his defence; the trial was
public, and the law applied only to violations sub-
sequent to its passage.
How is it under this edict from the State Depart-
ment} Why, sir, thp accused is denied all know-
ledge of the complaint; he is not allowed a copy
of the  charge; he is not permitted to cross ex-
amine the witnesses; the secrecy of the proceeding
protects them from responsibility; and the edict
declares upon its face, that persons shall be pro-
scribed under it for what they may have done be-
fore it was issued.
These are the striking differences in executing
the gag law of 1798, and the gag order of 1841.
Sir, we have all read of the odious laws of
Draco and Dionysius, and odious as they were,
they were not retroactive. The Federal party of
'98 oppressed the country in every conceivable
way; butit is reserved to the Whig leaders of 1841
to add retroactive penal edicts to the catalogue.
This order is a law to the Department , because
it is officially addressed to all in their employ It
points out, or rather attempts to point out and de-
fine, the political rights and offences of c tizens
who are in office. If this order were not intended
to be a mere cloak for polical oppression, would
not all those who hold public employ be allowed
a trial before they are condemned to its penalties?
Or are the Departments atraid to let the accused
confront the accusers before them? Sir, thee
things show very clearly that the American people
may point to the members of the Cabinet, and
say to them, as the great Apostle of the Gentiles did
to a certain high priest, whom he chaiacten.red as
a "whited wall:" "sute^t thou to judge rae after
the law, and commandest mp to be smitten con-
trary to the Jaw?"
Sir, I tell them to come out from their hiding
places. Why all these subterfuges about removals
from office? Why not come out boldly and stand
upon the acknowledged ground of the Constitution?
Do you expect to deceive the just men of this liad,
whether they be Whigs or Democrats, by this flim-
sy veil of pretences? Are you ashamed to tak<>
back your solemn asseverations, made before God
and man, that the Constitution conferred no power
upon the President to remove from office And
are all your Executive edicts, and subterfuges,
patriot, Colonel Matthew Lyon, the fine of one
thousand dollars, wrongfully wrested from him
under that act.
The next act analogous to this tyrannical pro-
ceeding is the alien law of 1798, passed by a Fede-
ral Congress.   That act provided,
"That it shall be lawful for the President of the United States,
at any time during the continuance of thisict, !o oi lei at! such
aliens as he shall judge dangerous to the peace and safety of
the United States, or shall have reasonable gi Hinds to suspec
are eoncei ned m an) ueasunableur*-euetind( hmmonsagainst
ttu? Government thereol to depart out of the terriloiv of the
United States wuhm such time as shall he expressed m such
•rder "
The act further provides, that if sue'. ali"n shall
be found at large in the United States, ¿^ter ordered
to depart, he shall be imprisoned foi a term not
exceeding three years.
Sir, that act was, for the time being, a surrender
ff the liberties of the country. It was the embodied
esser.es of sn unlicensed despotism. The powers
conferred were not only extraordinary, but were'to
be exercised upon the mere whim and cap-ice, and
by the arbitrary will of the President alore He
was made accuser, judge, and execu'ioner. There
was no offence specified; the mere arbitrary will of
the President, hks this Executive order, was sub-
stituted for law, and was sufficient to cause a man
to be ban shed, without crime and without trial.
The Democracy, under Mr. Jefferson and Mr.
Madison, expelled it from the statute book Sue i
an act was worthy of the reign of terror. An
arbitrary President could apply l's penalties
to any thing that suited his party. To show
how such power could be abused I will state a
case. The Constitution of the State I have
the h mor in part to rep'esent, allows aliens to vote;
provided they have resided in the State a given
penot1; have attained lawful age; are free; white,
and have complied with other req'iirements as to
the payment of taxes. Now, if the alien act were
in force, an arb trary President, pending a violently
contested election, misht bold the elective fran-
chise, allowed by the Constitution of that State
to aliens, to be cause for their expulsion He
might dread the r votes. Arbitrary discretion
could as well apply to such a ease as any other.
In such an event the noble sons of the Gtieen Isle,
and the emigrants of the old and renowned Ger-
man race, who have made homes lor themselves
and their children in that great and fertile State,
but who have not been there five yars, so as to
be naturalized, might be expelled by an Executive
act. They might be driven off with as much right
as men are now removed from office, under thit
order, by this Administrad! n The krnwn De
mocralic opinions of our German and Irish popu-
lation, might c nsig:n them to prison si ips, or io
Botany Bay, with the same justice that ihj public
officers are required to squaie their conduct by this
order from the State Department.
I now return to a further analysis of the Execu-
tive order, which I have b en considering. Sir, if
these Executive edicts are not at once resisted, if
they are allowed to be issued by the Departments,
p ccnbing rules oí conduct to the people, instead
of the laws of the land, and the laws ot courtesy,
we shall soon have no more use for the Con titu-
tion. These Executive orders will come stealing
one by one into the world, un'il all tie rehtions of
designed to save your consciences fiom an open
confesión?
But, sir, wl ere did tins Admiristration get pow-
er to issue that ordei? Did they find it in the
Constitution? No, sir, they found no warrant for
it there. The Constitution declates that Congress
shaUmake no law "abridging the freedom of speech
or of ihe press " Such is the lDhioi'ioa to Con-
gress. World Congress be den ed a power which
can yet be exercise 1 by your Executive Depart-
ments? Or, in other words, can yet >our President
and his Sec>eunes declare that to be 'aw, which is
forbidocn to txistby the Constitu ¡ion even uith
thp sanction of Congress? Sir, does the Seoietary
of Stale, the very man who issued this order, does
he believe it constn Uional, oi that the Pre«ident
alone can remove oflicrrs under it? What might
be considered strange, this same Srcre'ary ot State,
only a few years ago, denied that the President
had any S'ich power. Nay more, lie declared in
this Seratc,that the Constitution or the United
Sta'es conferred no power upon the President alone
to remove from office.
In order that there shall be no room for cavil,
and that full justice shall be done, here are his
own words.
'The power of rtmoval is part of or a neee-ary result fiom,
the power of appointment ind therefore it ought to have been
exercised in the ¡senate conctnrenlly with thePresident "
Again.
"TUio«e who maintain the powei of removal is existing in
the Pieiident alone, and driven to what seems to me very near
absurdity "
Asam:
"But it is the President and Senate and not the Fres de it
alone, who hold the power of appointment, and theieforeac
(ordingtothe true constructian of the Constitution, it should
be the President and Senatf* and not the President alone, who
hold the power of removal "
If the PreHdent is prohibited by the Constitution
from exercising she power of removal wi>l it be
pretended that he and his Secretary can make an
arbitrary edict, by which he can effect such re-
movals? Can he accom, ltsh that by indirection,
which his party say is expressly prohibited by the
Constitution
S.r, there is another branch of this subject to be
considered. It is one of great importance, and m
its consequences reaches far beyond the present
day, or the actors in the scenes pa's ng before ns
The foundations of elective Government, which
rest upon truth, virtue, ?nd honor, are es eMially
¡n vol ved It is the violatedfaith of this Adnvnitli «its  ,
in Us reMess course of re nováis and pi oscriptwn on the
ground of political opinion, without any /mU or dere-
liction of iu'y on the part of the persons proscribed,
and after that party had pledged themselves befre the
VjotU that no wan should &• proscribed for political
opinion; antt further, that rerwvals from office by the
President was a violation of the Constitution
Thp leaders of ih  party now in power traversed
this great country during the summer and fall be-
fore the election for President, and addressed pri-
mary assembl es of the peop'e in public speecnes
and in wilting, declaring sucli to be ammg the
leading objects tor which they desited the election
of Harrison and Tyler. Among the list of men
who proclaimed this to be the creed of the Whig
party, and who denounced removals from effice as
a violation of the Constitution, and as subversive
of the objects of free Government, and as the es-
sence of despotism, was no other than the late Pre-
sident Harrison hims°lf; the present President,
John Tyler; Daniel Webster, Seere aiy of|Sate,
Thomas Ewmg, Secretary of the Treasury, John
Bell, Secretary of War, and many of the leaders
nf that party in Congress, among whom are the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr Clay,] and the Se-
na'or from South Carolina, [Mr Prestcn ]
The people were asked to elect these candidates
m order that proscription should be proscnbed,
and to affirm their creed against removals from
office.
I commence with t^e Secretary of State In the
year 183 > a debate took place in this Senate upon
the subject of removals from office. The bill be-
fore the Senate was, among other things, intended
to repeal the act of Congress of 1820, limiting cer-
tain appointments connec ed with the customs and
the public lands to four ycais, and which law af-
r-med the power of r raovai in t^e President. Mr.
Webster wanted that law repealed After speaking
ot the power of removal which was authors d by
acts of Congress and the practice of the Govern-
ment, he says:
"After considering the question of removal from office by the
President a;aw and again, within the 1 i=t sl\ years, in my deli-
berate judgment the orismal decision was wi on? I cannot but
think tint those who denied the power in 179"} had the best of
the argument "
' Itappeneto me ifti i thorough and repeated, and conscien
tiou^ elimination, thai in enontousintevpictation was given
to ihe Constitution in tms ie«pect, by the decision of the first
Conguss "
"The pnver of appointment being conferred on the Pre*!
dent and Senate, I think the power of lemoval went akng with
it and should have been regatded as pait of it, audexercised by
the o lie hand*  1 think, consequently that the decisi in of
1769, which implied a power ol lemoval, separate from the ap
pointingoower, icat> erroneous "
"II the powei of removal belongs Io the powei of appoint
ment, or neceseintv follows it then it has gone with it into the
hands of the Piesident and Senate, and the Pi evident alone
does not hold it "
' It is the Piesident and Seuat" and not thePresiaent alone,
who hold Ihe power of appointment ami therefore according
to the true constitution of the Constitution, it should be the
President and ¡senate, and not tie President alone, who hold
the powti of removal "      •
"Those who maintain the power ofiemoval as eating in
the President alone, are d' vento what seems to me very near
absurdity "
Sir, these were the strong an-5 pointed declarations
of the Secretary of Stale in 1835. Such wire the
sentiments with which he 'ega'cd his par'y and
the nation at that time. Bat th it v a^ not the last
time he avowed such spnumei is S r, he vis'ed
Richmond, Virginia, u Otibc- la¡,t, and m a pub-
lic speech before the c tiz-ns oí that renowred
Commonweath, he mespnted hese doctrines as the
Whig creed, m order io recoimend fajmself, and
his paity, to pub íc favor m the approaching elec-
tion for Piesident.
He 'aid—
" There i« the power of lemovit—a power which, msome
instances, has been exercised most remorselessly By what
ever party it has been wielded, unless it he called for by the
ectual exigencies of the publicservice, Virginia, more than any
State ol the Union, has ev r rejected, disowned, disavowed,
