tvt
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
afina* Cong.......1st Skss.
Loan Bill—Mr. Watterson.
H. of Reps.
• 'TW IS curt&.ling ejcptnsts— Lis is. ' retrench-
ment and reform" with a vengeance. Instead of
diminishing, they are increasing the public expen-
ditures, hs I have showu. Bat my object is not
so much to comment upon them as to state naked
truths, and let them go out to the country, where
the people will make their own comments.
The Secretary of the Treasury says, and the same
thing nas been asserted and reasserted in this com-
mittee, that there has been an excess of expenditure
over" the current revenue within the past toui y<ars,
(from the 1st day of January, 1837, to the 4th day
of March, 1841,) amounting to ¿31,310,014 20'
Now, for the sake of argument, suppr &e this to be
true; who are responsible1? Those who make the
appropriations, or the President, who is bound to
apply them to the objects specified1? Assuredly the
former iveli, tnen, let us take up the journals
of Congress, and see if it t- ven modest, or
fair, or just, m the friends of this Administration
to taunt and upbraid the past with expending too
much money.
I hold m my hand, Mr. Chairman, the journals
of the House of Representatives, fo' the '.ears
<38-'9, '40-'41, including the 25m and 26ih Con-
gresies. I find that in 1838—'9, there were appn-
pnated $75 265,028 02 Oí this sum $66 085,459
54, were pasted unanimously, both patti-s voting
for the appropriations, with the exception of six
votes, (Messrs. Wise, Cranston, Giddings, J.
Davis, Maxwell, and Strattbn,) against the con-
tingent war appropriation of $10,000,000' The
remaining $9,121,727 30, were parsed upon the
yeas and nays,nearly two Democrats to one Whig
voting in the negative.
Bill—Suppression of Indian hrstilities, $6,739,-
461 41. Against it two Democrats ar d tinny-five
Whigs
Bill—Harbors, $1,535,008 53. Again-,  t fif)-
two Democrats and twenty nine Whig'
Bill—Light houses, $307,010 36 Against it
forty Democrats, and six te«i Wings
Bill—Cumberland ro^d, $540 300 Against it
fffty-four Democrats and twenty «ix Whigs
I turn now, sir, to ths journals ot the last Con
gress. There were appropriated tci the years
1840—'41, the sum oi $46,889,449 51, ot which
$34,790,592 were parsed witaoui a d «sui'ing
voice, leaving $12,098,857, on which the yeas and
nays were taken. I give the titles oi thes* bills,
their respective amounts, and the number of Whig?
and Democrats voting against each.
Army bill, amendment suppressing In
than hostilities m Florida
Engrossment of army bill
Navy bill, amendment
Navy bill, amend't, «team vessel of wai
Navy bill, passage of
Claim of Alabama, emigrating Co
Kemoval of Wmnebagoes
Treaty with Stockbridge and Munsee In-
diana    •
Lithographing and pubhshmgtwo thou
sand five hundred copies of chart of
survey of harbors, &c
Military Academy bill   •
Completing New York custom house
Furnishing President's House
Repairs of President's House &c
Completing court house in Alexandria
Paynrentof laborers on public buildings
Survey of coast of Gulf of Mexico
Distribution of books to Members
Fayment of Georgia mtima
Fort Macon, pteservation of
Temporary provision for lunatics in the
District of Columbia
Building war steamer
Removing Red River raft
Nays
Dem   Whig
S300000   I        19
5 2a2 UPO             15
670U0Ü31       15
60 U00 5b       15
6,000 000   9         1
3894b 10       57
45 000   5       47
32,266
67
9,423 70       12
132,051 33         8
343 J 67       19
6 000 70       JO
2 62S 39         9
3,000 bl         8
U903 45       16
20 000 67       30
40 000 39       12
208 W8 42       26
86,000 48         S
3,000 57         2
400 000 79       1]
75,000 41       25
$'2098857
Thns it appears that, out of the one hundred and
twentyone millions, in round numbers, appropriated
by the twenty-fifth and twenty-sutn Congresses, up-
wards of a hundred millions were voted unani-
mously, not the first solitary Whig raising his
voice against it—and as to the twenty-one
millions which were passed by yeas and
nayí, i repeat again, and have proved it from
the Journals, there were two Democrats to one
Whig in the negative Y t gentlemen have the
audacity to nse hf-i aid charge the last Admini-
stration w i „ profligate expenditure of public mo-
ney, when their own votes are staring them in the
face; and when, too, they propose to swall^the ex-
penditures this year mote th<m three millions over
those of he la-st!
You win ret-ollect, Mr. Chairman, what was
sutifprevious to the last Presidential election about
the "goigeous magnificence" of the ¡urnuure m the
White House ! It was chaiged by a metrber upen
this floor, that the Presidents House was a "pa'ace
as splendid as that of the Csews, and as richly
adorred as the proudest Asia ic mansion " Yrs,
sir, and his speech was publ shed «md re-published
in every Whig newspaper in the United States.
And that is not all. it was printed here in pamphlet
form, andcuculated over the countr> by tnousands
and tens of thousands, by the Whig Executive
Commit ee and Whig membeiS of Congiess. Now,
I would ask, is there a man here who will risk his
reputation by endor mg that speech'
Mr MORGAN said he endorsed it.
The genileman from New York says he endorses
it. I am astonished to hear that, as he voted at the
late s-ession for an additional appropriation of
six thousand dt liars to furnish this same House,
which he and hi-s patty declared, before the late
onvass, was so ' richly ? domed" as to be fit only
for the lesiderice (t <t monarch Nay, sir, but
sixteen of hi-, Wh g friends upen this floor, at the
last session, weie found voting against ihe appro-
priation of «ix thousand doilar-, rotwtihstanding
all they had said—all they had done.
Some short time since, in glancing over the
Richmi nd Whig, one of the leading Whig papers
in Virginia, and, I mijht add, in the «hole Union,
I found a letter writ en (rum this cu  by a Wing,
and t will <>sk the indulgí nee of i"ie committee
whilst I read it:
[Washington Correspondence of the Richmond Whiff ]
'Gentlemen— Tor ihe first time in my life I visited the Fiesl-
dent's Mansion Thinks 110 myself 'this day, my eyes, splen
dor will daz? e ye, and the h-dden secietsof extravagance will
be made mat tfest The ffoigeous castles of the Arabian tales
passed across my memor}—but aids' alas' the ttn thousand
lies that h tve btpn writ en about th usame W hite House
'O' Oglt wlkie utthoii my lusty son of fiction? II thy spi
litis a*, iai aw ty torn tf t- hi Hit rcgicns of liuth as weie thy
words win n ihou didst uttti thy hyperbolical oration, then do
lpity thet
The plain unvarnished truth is this—the chaus ateold, and
one Iknow is ragged ind that the only tus fioni which I ilted
the plain linen case which covere 1 it Antl aealt weietweied
in the same way 1 guess that sime chair has manv tatiered
ctmpeejsm theEaslltouni Itwasm that loom I saw the rag
ged (yes, ragged) chan Now £6000 is i| altry sum to spend
uponsuchan hoitst it would take S30,0!JO to pu it in proper
order
We uoi gteat anl nee ration, and should endeavor to
avoid ¡iixuiy on the one land and nugardiy conduct on the
other Otu President should have such luinituie and fixiuies
as compoit with the dig uty of oui nation I care not m such
things for ] arty lam a fite American, a plain \irgmm
plantel—nevet des'red and consequently level -isked lor any
olhce, except such as the people uinler by their fleesuilrases,
bu 1 felt a^lnmul lot my roimtly when I san ragaed finery in
the IS mm s House II silts, the cuttains mtliesriecn loom
ait tmseiably fulerl thing5* such as no r rtvate gentleman would
keep in his pal oi, unless he shoo Id be too poor to get new ones
It is trttethat the ( imii hl'ets m the eastroim aie\eryhand
some antl to my coimtiy eyes, seemed «unable, hut tnat ragged
cfiau is lhere Conlonnla ¿gee 1 chair 1 detest them every
where but a racrged chair in t io Pie=ident's House i j osmve
ly shocking Out with the mi (rabie tattned things and let
us have whole dians and if the nation is too pojr or too stin
gy to apt a new set to suit the room, just let us hive a set of
white oak split bottoms Any thing lather than ragged finery
A committee ought to be sent there to i an^ack the house, and
take out all that is worn out and unfit (or u*e Moreover
nothing should be in that house that had not been fabricated in
the United Stues and by the proper hands of rnative bomci
tizen Well, I saw the tabourettes—they are nothing extra
In oui vernacular, they are cross legged crickets, v th silk
cushion seats
'Yottl obedient.
'IOBACCO PLANT"
Here, Mr Chpirma-), is the unvarnished truth,
and every member here, be he Whig or Demo-
crat, knuws it to beso—provided he has ever visit-
ed the Presidential mansion. But I w 11 dismiss
this topic, I have only introduced it to show what
miserable humbugs to use no stronger expression,
were resoned to by the Whig=, m order to up«et
the late Democratic Administration.
It will be remembered that about Ihe close of the
last session of Congress, wnen the civil and diplo-
mado bill was before the House, a colleague of
mine fMr Cave Johnson] offered an amendment
to it, limiting the fees and emoluments of the dis-
trict attorneys and marshals of the United States
to six thou and dollars per annum, and the clerks
to four thousand five hundied dollars per annum.
Under the old law, their fees were enormous; in a
single year a district attorney received in fees
$28,000—and the marshal of Mississippi §87,0001!
Fioai the incessant cries oí "¡eforro," ' reform,"
which we have so often heard from the Whigs
here, it would seem absolutely certain that my col-
league's proposition met with their unanimous ap-
probation. But no, sir, no1 Fifty Whigs, good
andtru-, voted against it What glorious "re-
formers'" How admirably they are carrjmg out
their pledges!
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Sal-
tonstíll] deems it rather unfoi túnate that the na-
tional debt was paid off so soon. He may
rest perfectly contented If the Whig mea-
sures are carried out, our public debt will
shortly be large enough m all conscience. They
have already propo ed a funded public debt of
twenty-eight milliont'' Wby, sir, the very pnn-
cip'es of a majority of the Whig party lead to ex-
travagance. They are in iavor of a protective
tariff—(I mean the JNorthern Whigs)—and inter-
nal improvements by ihe General Government.
The higher the tariff, the greater the profits to
Northern manufacturers and the more meney will
flow into the Treasury, at the expense of Southern
labor, to be squandered upon harbors, light-houses,
and in ernal irnrrovpmen's within the States. In
1828, there were applications before Congress, in
some shape or other, tor appn pnitions ic inter-
nal improvements witbm the States ior more than
three hundred millions ot doUirsi Bat the people
huf'ed from power tiiose who conlrolied the Admi-
nis'ration at that time, and shortly a'tyrwards this
wild and extravagant system was blown "sky
h eh" b/ the Picsid nüal vuo ! Does th.s "re-
forming" Admitüstrition intend to revive it, to-
gether with a high tatifi. It would appear so from
the course ttey are pursuing
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts says it i> true ihat the Whigs came into
power under the cry of reform " What "reform"
have they proposed? What have they effected? I
«ill tell you A Wh'g Speaker ot this, House
has been eleoted, who, amongst the first thing-*,
has stocked the committFes—completely st >cked
them' He has put a majority of Di-tnocreis upon
hut 'bree cotiimi'tces, and they amongst the nioft
ut mporiant Upon the eommitiees on the expendi-
tures in ihe various Departments—the Navy and
Post Office Departments—the Departments of
State, Treasury, and Wai—he has ?ppoin,ted a
large majority of Whigs Tms is unusual—un-
preceden ed, if I mi< ake not. During the fast
Co'igres;,, the Whigs had a majority on all these
committees' They hai an opportunity of ex-
amining mio all abus-o that might exist m any oí
t en Now, sir, ihe doo.s are closed igamst the
Democrats, and no matier what extravagance is
goirg en, whatirauds. are being perpetrated, there
is no way of getim? at them. We cannot even
move to suspend the julea, under a resolution
which was passed tne other day, in ordei to make
calls foi information from any of the Depdittnents'
Here ws are, bound hand and foot, and not even
permitted to say aught against the pos ers that be
— 'morder'" A beautiful state of tMrigs truly'
Worse, if possible, than the alien and sedition
times of 1798' In addition to all this, sir, without
intending, in the slightest degree, any personal
di«respect to the Speaker, there he sits ready and
willing to "go it blind" for his parly en all occa-
sions. Yes, sir, hp goes the "sbole htg, tail,
bristles, and all." The other day he came very
near deciding, if he did not do it, that if a Demo-
crat ana Whig were endeavonng to get the floor
at the same time, and the Democrat should prove
too fast for the Whig, he should sit down and
take a new start''
Here the Cha rman [Mr. Briggs of Massachu-
setts] called Mr. Watterson to oider
Mr Watterson continued I presume, sir, that
I am rot stnctiy in older, or the Chairman would
not have so decided. I have great confidence m
the impartiality of the Chairman, and have only to
regret, as we could not elect a Democrat, that he is
not Speaker of this Hoase. We could then expeet
something like fair play.
Remark by a Whig. Why did you not vote for
him then?
I certainly should have voted for him if I had
had an opportunity.
