104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
STth Cong. .-1st Sbss.
Public Lands—Mr. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
and all of thes-e States >,'neir due meed of praise, for \
their noble patriotism in thus surrendering to the
General Government that which they no doubt be- |
Ueved a good title to those western wilds. But, j
sir  I ffar there is now an effort making to sully
ths.i noble and generous spirit of our sires. Our j
'patriotic fathers would feel disgraced if they could ,
now witness the spectacle of their sons coming for-
ward, and, in th« name of the States, demanding
of the General Government that this gift shall be
returned; and on the plea, too, thdt they have
foolishly, and like wasteful prodigals, contracted
heavy debts with thebankess of Europe, whicht hey
are unable to pay, without the aid oí this gratuity
from the Treasury of the nation. And here, Mr.
Chairman, I wish to allude to some of the remarks
of the honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Meriwether ] I understood him to say that In-
diana, Ohio, and other of the Western States, had
teceived large donation of the public lands, and
that others of the States had received none; and
that, consequently, we ought not now to have a
fall share. Now, without saying whether this fea-
ture of the bill is right or wrong, I beg him to in-
form me whether Georgia has not received a large
tract of country purchased from the Cherokee In-
dians? I know he will say that those lands
lay within the limits of the State of Georgia.
They did, indeed, but they were in the pos-
session of their rightful owners, and had not
been reduced to the possession of Georgia or
the citizens of Georgia, and I humbly coneeive
that if Georgia saw fit to stretch her geographical
limits beyond her actual possessions, she can have
no right to the soil thus embraced within her nomi-
nal territory. 1 might answer that the Great
Miami Reserve lies within the limits of the State of
Indiana; but does it follow that when the General
Government extinguishes the Indian utle to that
soil, Indiana will be entitled to th« proceeds of the
sales thereof %
But it will be further considered that the Gene-
ral Government agreed with the State of Georgia
to extinguish the Indian title within her limits; and
that being done, it was to belong to Georgia. This
is true; and therefore the Government was in duty
bound so to do; and of that I do not complain, for
it was right and just. But what I wish to say is
this: that the State of Georgia has no right to com-
plain about the amount of lands, given by the Ge-
neral Government to the State of Indiana; for, ac-
cording to my peor judgment, the State of Georgia
has received an equal share with any of the West-
am States.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am wandering from the
object I had in view, in addressing the committee,
which was to give the reasons why I could not sup-
port this bill.
loppose it first, and mainly, because it is em-
phatically wrong in principle, and ruinous in its
effects. Gentlemen say, and let them attempt to
disguise it as much as they please, yet the fact will
still be apparent to the most casual observer, that
this is nothing more nor less than a project to emp-
ty the Treasury of this nation, in order to create
a pretext for creating a national debt. There is
a certain class of politicians in this country who
think a national debt a national blessing. This
doctrine was avowed to the American people many
years ago. The people, however, were of a dif-
ferent opinion, a majority believing, as I most re-
ligiously believe, that a national debt is a national
eurse. This being the opinion of the people fully
expressed, and some of those holding the former
opinion coming into power, it becomes necessary,
in order to make the people acquiesce in a pub-
lic debt, that you should convince them that
it was necessary to create a debt, in order to
carry on the operations of the Government;
hence, the first measure is, to divide the
public treasure among the States. And then
one of two things inevitably follows; you must
either make up the deficit by a high protective ta-
riff, or resort to a loan for that purpose. This,
Mr. Chairman, is one of the corner stem's of a set
of measures which are to follow; all of which I be-
lieve to be, in their tendency, the most pernicious
to the American people. Therefore I oppose it.
But, sir,}it is said that the States are in debt, and
that this money will give them g.eat relief; and the
Siate which I have the honor in part to represent,
has been frequently alluded to. It is said that she
is deeply in debt; and that she wants the money
she will receive by this bill to relieve herself.
Well, suppose she is in debt Sbe contracted the
debt herself, and if you will let h'r alone, she
will pay her debts without asking the other States
to help her. For the proposition now before us,
is not whether you'will give the States a surplus
of money which you have on hand; but it is whe-
ther the General Government will collect from
the people of the States money to distribute among
the States. This, sir, is the plain state of the
case, for no one pretends to deny that every dollar
you extract from the Treasury to distribute, must
be made up by imposing a heavier tax upon the
people.
The naked proposition, stripped of all its sham
pretences of aiding the Slates, is to distribute to the
States with one hand, and then to take from the
people in the shape of additional taxes, a greater
amount with the other. It is no more nor less,
sir, than an attempt to buy the people with their own
•money. It hab bribery, sir, stamped upon its very
face. It involves not only an act of gross injus-
tice upon them, but is an insult to their under-
standing.
But, Mr. Chairman, the State from which I come
does not wish this Government to tax her sister States
to pay her debts; for if this money which you pro-
pose to distribute to us is to bs received from the
citizens of other States, it is unjust for us to re-
ceive it. It is making those who had no band in
creating our debt, pay that debt 1 If the money
must be raised from the pockets of the people of
Indiana to make up this deficit, then let us raise
it ourselves m our own way. The State of In-
diana is not yet reduced to that degraded condition
that she needs a guardian. Nor are her represen-
tatives on this floor any better able to lay a tax
upon her citizens, than her representatives in her
own Legislature. There is another objection to
this mode of laying taxes to pay State debts. It
begets a reckless spirit of extravagance in our
State Legislatures, by removing from them the re-
sponsibility of laying taxes upon their constituents
to pay the debts tbey contract. And by
this means the people of the States have
been led on blindfold to contracting debts,
which have borne upon them like an in-
cubus; and from which it will take a long and
strict eourse of economy to relieve them. This
is the exMt situation of my own State. If the
Legislature of Indiana had levied upon the people
of that State, at the commencement of her system
of internal improvement, barely sufficient to pay
the interest upon the loans they had contracted,
they would never have suffered their Representa-
tives te proceed Ihe distance they have in plunging
her into the debt which now hangs about her neck
like a millstone; and which is now made the ex-
cuse to bribe her people at home, and her Repre-
sentatives here, into a support of this iniquitous
measure.
Mr. Chairman, my feeling of State pride would
prevent me from supporting this measure. Pass
this bill, and what would be the spectacle presented
here? You would tee, sir, the once proud and in-
dependent States of ibis Confederacy coming here,
year after year, and begging (by their Repre-
sentatives on this floor) ¡or what? Why,
sir, that this Government, when was created by
them, would be so generous and condescending as
give them a few paltry dollars! a little money to-
pay their debts with! What a spectacle of humilia-
tion! What a descent from the once proud height
of State pride and independence! Por one, al-
though I may stand alone in the delegation from
the indebted States, I will not submit to this hu-
miliating, this degrading position. And should it
be my lot to fall in this conflict, I shall have the
proud satisfaction of knowing tbat I fell m the
last ditch, contending for the preservation of the
dignity and character of my Stale. If this princi-
ple be adopted, where is it to end? Will you stop
distributing the money of the General Government
to the States, when this fund is exhausted? No,
sir, no!     Once set the example, and there will be
no end to the policy except in ihe total destruction
of all State pride, and the consolidation of this
Government. What is it that has hitherto kept
up our State governments, in all their efficiency and
vigor. It was not the ideal boundaries of" the
State Government, but it was a feeling of State
pride, sir; State pride which led men to regard
the offices and honors conferred upon them by a
State, equal in dignity and rank to those of the
General Government; which made a man as proud
of being the Governor of a State, as the President
of ihe United States—as proud of being a member
of a State Legislature, as a member of this body.
This, sir, was what kept up those State Govern-
ments, which our forefathers thought, and labored
so zealously to teach us, were the palladiums of
American liberty!
What, Mr. Chairman, is the point to which we
are now tending, and the courses which, it seems
to me, we have been lately pursuing in hot haste?
It is to consolidation! For, as I said before, de-
stroy State pride, make men forget that they are
citizens of a State, and you might as well blot out
the boundary line which divides one State from
another. I have witnessed, with deep mortifica-
tion, the powerful strides we have for the last few
years been making towards this goal of State sub-
serviency. Why, sir, it has been the case, more
or less, in all the States for the last few years, that
if any person was a candidate for a State, county,
or even a township office, he was first asked what
were his views of State policy; not who are you
for for President, or for a seat in Congress? But
now all is swallowed up in national politics; no
man now-a-days seems to think it worth his while
to have any State politics. Such is now the ten-
dency of things. But pass this bill; say that the
States shall come here for all the funds they re-
ceive; come here to have the taxes levied to support
their State Governments, and you give the finishing
stroke to State interest and State pride, which have
hitherto preserved them in their sovereignty and
independence; and I predict, that from that time
forward, whatever this Federal Government may
be in name, it will be, in fact, a single, central,
consolidated Government; from which may the
God of our Fathers preserve u?.
Ths gentleman from Maine [Mr. Clifford] has
shown us by a statement from the proper Depart-
ment, that the General Government has expended,
in the purchase and sale of the public domain
more than it has received in return by some four
teen millions of dollars, and, consequently there is
nothing to distribute upon the principle upon which
gentlemen demand the distribution. With these
statistics the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] falls out, and attempts to prove by Gen.
Jackson's veto message, that the gentleman from
Maine is in error. This veto message, Mr. Chair-
man, is a curious quarter for the gentleman from
Michigan to seek his information? But he seems
entirely to forget that, since the year 1832, when
this calculation was made, there has been pur-
chased from the Indians and sold to the citizens, a
vast amount of lands, more than at any other pe-
riod of the same length in the history of our Go-
vernment, and that in that time the price of the
soil and the expense of sale has vastly accumu-
lated, whilst the land has been sold at the same
price of $1 25 per acre. The gentleman seems to
think tbat the statement of the gentleman from
Maine was erroneous. Well, Mr. Chairman, this
may be the case; I have not examined it. But I
have scarcely ever found a Yankee mistaken in
his figures! We of the West, who speak off-
hand, and from the impulse of the moment, may
sometimes be wrong in our statis'ics. But, when
you see a cool-headed New Englandersit down and
make up his table of figures, he is mighty apt to
be right.
[Here Mr. Howard said he was a Yankee too.]
Well, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman says he is
a Yankee too. If he is, all I have to say is, he
has wandered far from the land of his birth, and,
in my mind, he has become, as we call it in the
West, considerably hoozierized.    [A laugh.]
But the gentleman from Michigan, in his calcu-
lation-of the expenses of the General Government,
connected with the public lands, says much about
