June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lit
27th Coni -...1st Sksss.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Rives.
Senate-
Senator's political friends, in whom he thinks there
was no want of energy m piosecuting the demand
for redress, actually sIf pt cm this national inj-iry
from May, J838, to March, 1841, when they went
out of power ! And. o profound was their slumber
that, in a late debate iu the House Commons the
British Secretary of Slate f r Colonial Affairs
(Lord John Ruseell) sUfd that, the compla-nt of
the American Government was, for a ¡<-ng period,
considered as dropped, it is tree that Mr. Steven-
son, who could not but fee! the awkward contrast
between the l-.fty tone of b..- commuication to
Lord Palmerston, in May, 1838, and the patient ac-
quiescence which followed in ihe long contrued
silence of the British Govern men.. <'id.m July
1839, write to Mr. F-rs>th t:> !;no-v if he ehoold
renew the subject with Lord Palmertson, ar.d, if
so, the degree of urgency he should adopt. To
which Mr. Forsyth replied no; "the Presidents ex-
pect?, from the tone U Vr. Fox's conversa ion,
that the British Government roil t-uswer your ap-
plication i i the ca^e, without m'jkh turiher de'ay."
But, ¡Bpiont of fact, no RDj-wer cssgu'en by the
British Government down to the period of the late
Administtation's exit from power.
All this while, then, the destruction of the "Caro-
line" stood unexplained avid Hna«-ovcd by the Bri-
tish Government, and there "."as noth.ng of a con-
clusive nature to determine whether it was to be
viewed as an unauthorized act of individuals cr a1!
the public act of the Bn.ich am-oriucs. In this
state of things, McLeod, in November law, came
into the State oi New Ymk. and having from his
idle, and. as is now universally believed, false
boasts, incurred the suspicion of having beín a
guilty and cinsptcir.-eis aetrr in t::e destruciicn of
the Carolina, be was arrested anil indicted there-
for upon a charge < f rr.urd-" and arsv.p. Mr. Fox,
on the 13• h oí December, demanded of the Uovern-
ment of the United States the l'bcr,-tit.,-, of McLean,
on the ground "tha: fie ('e-truttion of t'ie stesrü-
boat Caroline is wtllkm-o-n to have been a pnb'tc
act of per-otu inner Majesty's servirte, obeyi  
the order of their superior authorities," Tho de-
mand was refused, because the Government of tht
Untied States had no riant to interfere with the
judicial tribunals of New York, wh eh had taken
cognizance o' the eve; and in regard 'o th  drc'ara-
tion oí Mr. p.'X. Mr. Forsyth stated tiut "if the
destruction of the Ceroiir,t vas a public act of pet-
sons in her Majesty's serve, ob. y.ng tha order
of their superior author;.tes, th-: fact h."s not b-'ii
before communickted to the Govrfrstreii' of the
United S.ate-. by a per-on a'.ftnorized to make ire
admission; and it will be. ¡or (he court which has
taken/'cognizii re of the offence with whica i!c-
Leod'is ch.iKed to decide upon its validity, when
legally established bsieie it." Mr. Pox, recurring
to the same subject, iu h's W'er to Mr. Forsyth of
the 59th of December, 1840, swterf thttt "he wa-
ne au.honzerl to pionouuce the decision of her
Mijestv's Government upoa the rert.on.-Panco
which nad been addressed to it, by tne United
Slates against the act in question."
Thus s'ood the question at the accession of ths
present Administraron. The des'iuc'iou of the
Caroline bad not as yet been avowed by the BriKsh
Govemmcn' as a public and authorized act. But
on the 12-h of March, rght d.v.s after 'he in-
auguration of Presiden; Harrison, Mr. Fox ad-
dressed a letter to Mr. Webster, Secretary oí State,
informing bim that he was then instructed by Jits
Government to state that "tho transaction," (the
destruction of the Caroline wiil.iii the ternto'ial
limits of the Unite.; Stives,) "on recount of which
McLeod was arrested, \tas a transaction oí a
public ch.-tracter, planned and executed by per
sons duty empowered by her M;;j>,s;;'.i colonial
authorities to take any steps and ic no any ac's
which nvgfct be u-cesser  tor the .-'fierce of t.ei
Majesty's Tcrntoties, and for t> e proiecnon of her
Majesty's subjecs: and. consequently, ¡hat '.hose
subjects of her Maj-s.iv  ho engaged in that trans-
action were performing an act oí publ.c duty,
for which they cannot be m.de person,,Ily and indi-
vidually answerable to the laws and tribunals of
any foreign rou;iti>'' Upon thee gr. unds, he
was instructed to demand again from the Govern-
ment of the United States the immediate release of
A exanderMeleod.
Thisctmtriunic.ition of the British minif'er gave
a new aspect to the snhjecr, and presente' for
the consideration of the American cabinet agrave
ques i"n, of t.ir fir-t im.iorfanc? m tí e lcteiC'iir e
pnd ¡e^^onsio httes cf naU -n-. The destruction
of the C.i'0'iae, for a supposed panic pa tun. in
which ¡McLto.f b;,rl brea attested and indicted in
¡he co tis o; New York, w.is now avowed by the
British Government to have besn an acto- pub-
lic miliary force, planned and executed by the
cciiipe'ent public authorities, al'eged in defence of
her Maj'Vy'i territories., and, as such, wa-> jjstified
by h«=r iv'aje.ty's government at home. However
unwarrantable tre ac1, from 'hat mo icn* it conld
be viewed only a-* a nrtticnal wrong, She fit.s re-
snonsibili y of •■ hich wrs r.ssnineJ by th° Bri'rsh
Government, and in whiih the individuals con-
cerned were tut irresponsible instrument?, acli"s:
un^er orders which they were implicitly bound
to obey.
Under these circumstances, the present Adminis-
trst's-n was culled on, withm the first week of its
ofiVial existence, to decide what course was due to
'he national honor in this new attitude of things.
They could not but admit that, by the principies
of public lavr, as recognised and sanctioned by th?
usaQe* of all civilized nations, persons engaged in
military or naval enterprises-, under the orders of
their lawtnl snpeiiors, could not bo held individu-
ally responsible t'or wh^i was done in the execution
of those .--nterpris=s. McLpoiI, however, was in the
hands of the jud'eial tribunals of the country, and
by rennlr.r jad'cial proefss r-n|y could he  e dis-
charBed. The executive authority had no right to
interpose i's arm for his release. What, then,
was-ihe an&-.vrr of ihe Administration'o the cora-
n"ii,if:3H-n of ¡be Briii--i Governtnm.? It was
src'.i as Mr. B. behrv-'' tre Sena e would vei to
be 'r, sic 'd.inc • "i'h t ic l,t nest national pride of
eve/y Araencn b)-o:n. It ¡rtts, in snb^ance,
th;s, tor he had not the answer ot the Secretary of
-St.-te tften befrre him: You (ihe British Gov.'rn-
m-:nt)nov.'a ro-v tír d st-uct,nnof the Caroline as
a public act ot militar- and n vai {•.•re.", done under
)0-tr minor,';,. II:- CKf.irwrd McLeod ami
others, who r.ct-d umltt yi ur < r-ifu . tr.us'stand
etensed in lfc° eye of t' .■ ¡aw. L*.: tht eonr.--, m
the cseicis.-i of the ju.-.s.'iciot; wh c-i of ntdit N-
l.-ns! to thu'ii, allow his plea of immum'y and dis-
r tuge; bn* we h'ld you rc.-ponsib!e in nis pióte,
through all ho.e modes of international redress
wrich ;'.■>■ cod" of n itr.rr, has pro'/idea for the
nro-ec'ition or vir.ilio: :i-.,: of nat.on:*! rights.
'•Toe Amnisan p--<-; 1 " (aid lac, sá, 1 Mr. ¡I I
u^o, in osrt, the v- ry s'o'tl" o; t •" answe" refurn-d
by the Secreiar}- of St.-.te ) "aotdi.iirustfuI ol their
abih'y ¡0 redius  pnb'ic wrnn-s by publ-c means,"
i; incapabli of the poor r^vecge of puisumg an in
dividu-l for k nato.inl off rn-e, in which he was
but ire in.."om<-u< of his Government.
Mr. Ri,i.sap'>'s.!cd to the Sena e—to the fnti-
n.ent of imefirnn price—to that Roman spirit
Mhic!>, he b.dteved, ye! -,urv v-d in ihe bosoms of
'■■is (onntryineii, to ay whether M'ch a ref.ly v?.s
rot wrr'.hy '"  t'.e co.i-itry and the Governni^.j?
•'P.ucere suhjr.cfis et ('oj.)iai'e superbo-" was th^
dictate ot a lofty and mt.sraoif.oos 'fi'it, w-ie'h->r
ni iidividcals or b States. Histotn.ns have ¡e-
cordrd the conduct <;' 'he Roin-r, Setia'e ■ n the
occasion of -h •.' t1"-.1. a>-ador being l-i,if cl by the
subj'CNtf l'if-í-" r-ii.-, one i f the raost powerful
pfir.-e" of antiquity. D'flVjtjms delivered up the
perpetrates of th - ac to the Unman*; but the Se-
nate snsnectitg that he bad connivid at orta-
c< uraped tl,e cum", anm dian ly sent back the in-
dividual offender--, m-tfying Demetrius that ¡h y
wou'd hold the sovere¡Kn, and not the subject, íe-
snons'h'e. !-■ it ¡n ioltowin  theecample of that
n'ioud Republ c tita' ¡.^honorable Senator f.-o-n
Pen-uylvantti find; a pround for tmpiring to the
Adsrims ration, in ihe ease of "UtXeod, a want of
prober nat ocal t .ne and spirt?
Bat trie: Senator tells us, also, that he di«Sfnts en-
tirely Uora t.-.r views of the Administration in re-
gaul to the pnreipie of inte.-naiinnal l.iw involved
¡n ih'' correspondence between Mr. Fox ami the
Secretary of State,    What is the principle thus de-
nied? I cite it, as the honorable Senator did,
from th-? letter of instructions to the Attorney
General. It is there kid down in the following
word::
"There is therefore, now an authentic declaration that the at-
tack ot the Caroline with an act of public force, done Uy mili-
tary men, under the orJers of their superior officers, and is re-
cognised as such by the Queen's Government." . "That an in-
dividual forming p3rt of a public torce, and acting under the
authority of his Government, is not to be helttanswerabifras a
private trespasser or malefactor, is a principle of public'.faff
sanctioned by the usages of aft civilized nations, aBd wjhic 
the Government of the United Stales has no inclination to dig.
pute."
The Senator from Pennsylvania contends that
this doctrine is applicable only to a slate of open,
formal, and declared war. In this I beg leave to
differ from him. It is applicable to every
case of a military aggression committed by milita-
ry men, ¿c.ing in obedience to their superior au-
thorities, whether it be ma state of general and
formal wsr or not. What is the reason of the
thing? Let us not stick in the letter, but look to
the considerations on which the rule is founded.
Why are soldiers and military men not held indi-
vidually responsible tor acts of violence and
trespass committed, in mili'ary operations, on the
persons and property of citizens of another nation?
Because in these acts they are the mere instruments
of a hiüher power, bound imperatively by their al-
legiance to yield their services at the call of the
constitute! authorities of their country, and to
obey implicitly the order.? of their commanding
officers. It h not for the soldier or the volunteer
(fer they both stand on the same ground) to in-
quire into the justice or legality of the orders he
receives. His duty is obedience, while the respon-
sibility for his orders is with his sovereign, or his
superor officers who isue them. And here 1 beg
leave to refer the honorable Senator to his favorite
authority, (Vatte!,) from which he read an extract
which I shall presently ?how completely .sustains,
when properly understood, the position he used it
j to assail. The passage I am about to read refers
to the C2^e of a wanton and unjust war, of so
flagrant a character as *to expose the sovereign
who wages it to ihe unanimous reprobation of ihe
whole family of nations. The author there
savs:
u But, as to tiie reparation of any damage, are the military, the
¿er.era! ofti-'ers an,) soldiers, obliged in cor science to repair the
l june; which tt.tv have done, not ofiheu own wiil, but as m-
s"tur.criHm tiie h'uids of t'ueu- sovereign!" "It is ihedmyof
^ui.ie.-!:- to suppose'' tiie orders of the. sovereign 'justand wise
,Vc \Vb,-n, Uieiefoie. they have lent their assistance lfi a war
which is a'ii'r\,ird-i found to be unjust, ihe sovereign afone is
guilty. Hi- .done is bound n repair ihe injuries. The subjects,
and lii part.rulai the miluaiy. are innocent; they have acted
only fiom a necessary obedience. 'Government would
he miprac ¡cable, if ¡my one of lis best instruments were
to weistn its commands," &c—Vattel, b. in, c. It. sec.
J 8?.
In this passage bo'h the rule and the reason of it,
respecting die immunity from" individual responsi-
bility of per-o.is employed in military operations,
tire laid down in the most comprehensive terms.
Tie/ are regarded as mere instruments in the
hand i of 'he sovereign or superior authorities; as
rani h stt, in rf.'ct, as the bajonets they ply or the
c?nnon thev dischatgc. The rule, too, is expressed
m terms so large at.d c-,mnreheiHve, as to apply
to every kind of w?r, in regard to its character for
juMire; and to evety degree oí wpr, in respect to
formalitv, duration and extent. There are many
forms and varieties of ihe slate of war. In
¡.'enera!, a 'Vcaraüon cf war is required to con-
stitute a solemn or fo-mal war. But "defensive
war requires no declaration,  '>r even, on urgent
occasions, an express otder front the sovereign."
[Vattsl, b. ut, c. 4, sec 66.] Si as to reprisals,
i-nd o'het spectficand partial acts oí hostility. They
are no, accompanied with a declaration of war,
and vet they are public wats, though of the imper-
fect tort. Rotherforth, an able writer on the law
o" itaiuie arid of rations, has welt described these
vat ¡cus degrees and denominations of war.     He
S3 VS.
if one nafionseizes the goods of another nation by force,
upon account ofsome damage, <fec. such contentions by force
are reposals. There may be likewise othei acts of hostility be
uveeu two nati..us which do not properly come undei the name
otteprisals, suchas toe besieging each othei's towns, or th 
einkingof each oihet's fleets, whilst the nations i.i other re-
soects are at, peace with one another. These are public wars,
because nations are the contending partlee. But as thiy are
confined to some particular objects, they are of the imperfect
sort" &C.—B ii, c.9, s   1U.
Of  these wfoimai and imperfect wars, aeither
