112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong-••• 1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
accompanied with a declaration of war, nor ex-
tending into general and continued hostilities, ihe
examples in modern times are very numeróos. Not
to speak of the memorable attack on Copenhagen,
we have had, in our own day, repeated instances
of these local, partial, and isolated hostilities,
amounting, nevertheless, during their continúanos
to a state of war, and carrying with them all the
1 >gal consequences of that State. One instance was
too fresh in his recollection, Mr R. ¡.aid, having
occurred during the period of his residence in
Prance, and furnished two apt an illustration of
the principles under discusssion, not to justify a
passing notice. While the tyrant Don Miguel was
was on the throne of Portugal, he practiced the
grossest atrocities, not only on his own subjects,
but on foreigners resident m his kingdom. The
subjectsof France came in for a large share of these
injuries and indignities Failing to obtain suit Able
reparation for them by negotiation, France resorted
fi st to reprisals on the Portuguese flag, but these,
too, failing of their desired eflect, she despatched
a squadron under Admiral Roussin, which forced
the entrance of the Tagus, and, passing through
the fire of the fortresses which line us bank0, an-
chored within gun shot of the Royal Palace The
„ reqired concessions were speedily yielded to this
vigorous display of force, and admiral Roussin re-
turned in a few days to Brest, with the whole Por-
tuguese fleet m his train, as the trophy of his sud-
den and successful eoup-de-main Here was no
formal or declared war It was an isolated act of
force. And yet will any one contend that if a
ssilor of Admiral Roussin had been afterwards
fotind in Portugal, he could have been made per-
sonally answeiable for the loss of life or destruc-
tion of property which may have attended the ope-
ration in which he bore a pan?
But Mr. R. said he would hasten to present to
the Senate a most respectable authority on the
laws of nations, which is direct and explicit to the
point in question B ore doing so, he would mere-
ly premise that the legal effects attributed by pub-
licists to a slate oí war related, first, to the impuni-
ty of individuals for an > mjnry to person or pro-
perty they might commit in ihe execution of mili-
tary operations, and, secondly, to the right of pro-
perty acquired in goods taken by one belligerant
from, another. The passages he was about to
read from Rutherforth would show that both of
these consequences applied as well to imperfect
and informal wars, to reprisals, and to isolated
acts of hostility, as to wars of the more formal and
solemn kind     First, he says
"The extemil lawfulness ofwliit is iloiipituwi!, in ic
fcpectof the members of i civil socitty extends to¡ ublic wirs
ofthe impeifeu sort, la acts oi rqm its, or to otliei acts
of hostility,' «tec —Kuiturloitii, b  in c  is   lo
And again he says:
"Neither the reason oí ttie thin'* nor tht. ro union piactice of
nations will give them aoy oth i impunity, or allow them any
otherwise to obtain pro¡eity in what is taken, where war has
been declared than in the tes*, solemn kinds of war, which aie
made without a previous declaration" &i ' In the less
solemn kinds of war, what the members do who act undei the
particular direction and authority of tnur nation is by the law
of nations no personal crime in them iheycinnot theietire
be punished consistently with this hw toi any act in which it
considers them only as the msuumonts, and the nation as the
agent "—Idem, b m, c 9, s 18
Mr. R said he would put one more case, and
only one more, m order to bring more immediate-
ly home to the Senate the principle we have been
discussing He referred to the attack upon the
frigate Chesapeake. It occurred in a time ot pro-
found peace, on the bosom of one of our great es-
tuaries, and within the jurishction of his own na-
tive Commonwealth Would gentlemr n have held
the sailors and marines o* the Leopard personally
amenable to our laws, and avenged the national
insult upon them'   I presume n t
[Mr Benton, speaking across I would have
hanged every one of thc-m.]
Tae Senator from Missouri, me all «now, said
Mr R loves a summary mode of proceeding, but
wou'd such an act have been recognised by ctv-
lized nations, and approved by ihe general sense of
mankind? For the sake oí rescuing the coñtcts of
war from ihe cruelties and bitterness of psrional
revenge the principle of individual immunity has
been established by the code of nation^; atid I ra-
ther think that the Senator himself, upon reflexion,
would have pursued a nobler course.    He  would
have obeyed the suggestions of a loftier chivalry,
and directed his demands for redress to the offend-
ing sovereign, and not have wreaked hn vsngeance
upon an involuntary instrument and an unresis'ing
victim.
Mr. R. said he would now proceed to show that
the passage read by the Senator from Pennsylvania
from Vattel, and on which he so confidently re-
lied to assail and overthrow the position assumed
by tae Administration in relation to the principle
of public law involved in the case of McLeod,
was, in truth, an authority directly and expressly
sustaining that position Let us again read the
passage which the gentleman cited from lhat
author, b n, c 6, s. 74 and 75 It consists
of two sections The first is in the folio mrtg
words:
"But it a nation or its clnefapprovea and ratifies the act ofthe
individual, it then becomes a public concern and the injured
party is to consider the naaon as the real author of the
injury, of which the citizen was, peihaps, only the mstru
ment
Now, this describes identically the case of Mc-
Leod, in reference to the burning and destruction
of the Caroline That act has been approved and
ratified by Ihe British Government, and, conse-
quently, in the words of Vattel, it "then becomes
a public question" between nation and nation, in
which the Government of the individual is Ihe real
and only responsible party. But the honorable
Senator passed lightly over this section, and dwelt
with particular emphasis on the 75thsection, which
immediately follows,  and is in these words:
"If the offended State has in her power the individual who
has done tht* mjuiy, she may, without scruple, bring him to
justice and punish him Ir tu I id escaped and returned
to his own country she ouCTht t "> ipply to hit Soveiuign to
havt justice done in the case '
The Senator ttom Pennsylvania read this sec-
tion as if n applied to the same case supposed in
the preceding section, to wit: where the act has
been approved and ratified by the sovereign But
it is perfectly evident, from the last sentence of the
section, that it does noi, for it would be idle and ab-
surd to apply to a sovereign to have justice done
upon his subj-ct, when he had already ratified and
approved the act of that subject. This section,
therefore, must necessarily contemplate the ca.e
where the act of a foreign sublet has not been ap
proved and ratified by his sovereign, and affirms
the principle that, in such case, the i ffended State
may, by virtue ot her jurisdiction ever all persons
within her territory, punish the offending indivi-
dual, though a foreigner, if she have him m her
power. It does not contradict, in any degree, the
principle laid down in the preceding section, that
where theacthasbcin approved and ratified by the sove-
reign, he is responsible for the injury, and the in-
dividual ^ to be legar led only as the instrument
It is an uoiversal rule ot mterpretat on that, where
there is an apparent conflict between parts of the
same authr my or law, Mich a construction shall be
made, it powole, as will give effect to botn The
obvious explanatu n given above of these two auc-
tions of Vattel satisfies this rule, as well as the
plain import of the text.
The Senator from Pennsylvania put a case
which he seemed to suppose would fairly test the
principle of international law involved in lhts dis-
cussion He asked if Col McNib should, under
the orders of the Colonial authorities of Canada,
seize and rob the mail of the United States, could
he set up his orders as a tar to a prosecution for
such an offence m the American courts'! The
ca«eput has not the remotest analog) to the ease
of McLeod Such a proceeding woul'1 be a com-
mon felony, incapable of being sheltered under any
plea of miluary obedience. The duty of a mili-
tary man can never lay him under the obligation
of becoming a highway robber The capture and
destruction ofthe Caroine, on the other hand,
however unjustifiable upon any sound applica'ion
of the principles of international la«v, is shown by
all the correspondence and documents relating to
it to have been a military and naval operant n, go-
verned by all the rulas and discipline of mt'itary
service and subordination.
I come now (said Mr R) to no'ice some of
those topics of partv cr,mitration which the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania, notwithstanding
his usual parliamentary courtesy, scattered with no
stinted hand in the progress of his observations He
told us of some mysterious panic which seemed to
have seized upon the minds of men in regard to our
relations with England, extending to Government
and people. The gentleman seemed to insinuate
that it was under the influence of this panic that
the Attorney General was despatched with fiery
speed to Lockdorf, attended by a gallant and dis-
tinguished general officer of the army, (Major Ge-
neral Scott,) to shield McLeod from impending
danger. In order to complete this fancy picture,
the honorable Senator, for the want of other ma-
terial, brought in the precipitate return of the Me-
diterranean squadron as the effect of this same
panic at Washington! If the public journals have
not grossly falsified ihe facts connected with this
affair, the return of the Mediterranean squadron
was owing to communications addressed directly
to its commander by the American Minister at
London, and if there was any panic in the case, the
gentleman must fix it elsewhere than at Washington
So far was the Government being privy to this
movement, that the Brandy wine, the avant courier
of the returning squadron, had no sooner dropped
her anchor within our waters, than she was sternly
and promptly ordered back to her station.
Mr. R said he did not exactly apprehend for
what purpose the Senator from Pennsylvania had
alluded to the mission of Major General Scott to
the frontier, in company with the Attorney General;
but there seemed to an intimation that it was to
protect McLeod from the anticipated vi< lence of
popular excitement.
[Mr Buchanan promptly disclaimed any such
allusion ]
Mr. Rives I am happy to find myself mistaken
in what I suppi sed to have been the meaning of
the honorable Senator. It gives me pleasure to m-
lorm him, from a document now before me, (a
letter of Governor Seward to the Secretary of War,
dated 17th March last,) for what purpose this gal-
lant defender of his country in war, and guardian
oí her honor in peace, was sent to the frontier. It
was for an object strictly in accordance with his
own noble calling—to meet the possible contingency
of an invasion of a portion of our territory fiom the
adjoining province—a calling to which, I must be
permitted to say, that distinguished officer, already
eovered with glory by his deeds in arms, has added
a new illustration by his assiduous and successful
efforts to maintain the tianquilhty of our frontiers,
and to preserve from interruption, as yet, the peace
of two great and kindred nations.
I beg leave (said Mr. R ) to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania m what procedings of the Govern-
ment he find) the evidence of an unbecoming spirit of
concession to the demando of the British Govera-
meni' The British Minister, "in the name of his
Government, formally demanded the immediate re
lease ot Alexander McLeod " Was the demand
granted' Wo, sir, it was firmly refused, and that
refusal victoriously placed on grounds intimately
connected with the sanctity of American institu-
tions. The British Minister informed the Secre-
tary of State that her Majesty'  Government is
"of opinion that the capture and desttuction ofthe
Caroline was a justifiable employment of force for
the purpose of defending the British territory from
the unprovoked attack of a band of British rebels
and American pirates, who, having been permitted
to arm and organize themselves within the territory
of the United States, had actually invaded and
occupied a portion of the territory of her Majpsty "
How was this met? By controverting every point
in the just fixation, interweaving, in the course of
the reply, a new, just, and powerful defence of the
high moral chaiacter of our legislation and policy
on the subject of neutral obligations, and "holding
up the mirror" to th° British Government, reflect-
ing the aggravations and enormities of the de-
struction oí the Caroline in a light and colors so
vivid as to lead, it is hoped, to a reconsideration
of that act, revolting alike to humanity and to our
national sensibility and honor.
The honorable Senator complimented our Minis-
ter at London for the able and eloquent manner in
which he had presented this subject to ihe British
Government. Fai be it from me to abate a "jot
or tittle" from the praises bestowed by the Senator
