July, í841.                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      _________                    im
27th Cong.......1st Sess.                                   Public Lands—Mr. Brown.                                                          H. of Reps.
tones uf his voice. There, under the banner of a
"protective tariff," did they, in sweet communion,
do battle for their common cause Did, I ask,
these Southern gentlemen then and there denounce
a protective tariff? or did they not rather, by their
very presence, if not otherwise, give sanction to it
as that which was to be a part of the Whig policy
of the whole country? The flag under which a
jtan is found figh.mg, indicates the cause for
which he is fighting These Southern gentlemen
must either have fought for a protective tariff, or
were hypocritically deceiving the Whig citizens of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. Wi«e remarked that the gentleman had
made an attack on him.
Mr. Brown.    I did not mean to attack the gen-
tleman from  Virginia.    I  only alluded to him
playfully, for I did  not know ihat he bad been at
any meeting in Philadelphia before the last elec- I
tion.
Mr. Wise remarked that it was a serious play;
ana he must be permitted to say, not only for him-
self, but for that Senator, that be was never with
him at Philadelphia. It was true he (Mr Wise)
had addressed a Whig meeting at Masonic Hall;
and be must say that the same opimens he main-
tained in the South he maintained in the North.
There had been no deception on his part, and he
confessed that he did talk of a Bank and of the
tariff; but he put the contest far above Bank and
tariff—as a social and moral question—and as op-
posed to the last Administration. Dunng the last
content, throughout, he was well aware mat he dif-
fered from rnembeis of his own party on the sub-
let oí a National Bank, tariff, and distribution.
Tnese differences were merged among themselves
in the South, wheie there was Bank and anti-Bank,
tariff and anti-tariff. And now one of the first
acts of his pdity and its prcs was the endeavor lo
excommunicate him for the principl s which he
professed. An attempt too had been made, most un-
gratetully, tyrannically, and oppressively, to ex-
coinmuuicate and denounce him for those very
pnucip'ts which biought the preient party in
power some adherence. He stood where he bad
al-vays stood on these great questions, and had ta-
ke n the same ground before as well as after the
th otion m regard to them. He had been a hypo-
crite towards neither party, ami he could not, there-
fore, sit quietly and hear himself implicated in a
charge of a want of consistency.
iúx. Brown. 1 did not kno v, sir, crtamly that
the gentleman from Virginia ever was present at
trio place alluded to. I have always known him
[Mr Wise] to be i ne ot (he strongest opponents
hi the late Administration, but havp alway  be-
lieved him io be actuated by honest mo'ives, and
the strictest integriiy cf character. But the genllo
mau has vended the fact I war endeavoring to
pi ove—that the V/htg party held different opinions
at uiffeient places.
Mi, Wise said it was true what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had otat3d—that he (Mr.
Wise) had been a' meetings at the North when
Beai, the blacksmith, and others, had advocated a
protective tariff, and oiher measures inimical to
the South, but that he had advocated only tne doc-
trines sustained by the South, and that his father-
in-law, [Mr. Sergeant,] and Judge Upshur had
addressed the same meeting together in Virginia;
but, in all these speeches, they had abstained Irom
touching upon any thing offensive to the people
they were addressing, either at the North or South.
Mr. Brown. I am sorry the gentleman from
Virginia has made the explanation; i makes, mat-
ters worse for him; it is then true that he [Mr.
Wise] had really been at public meetings at the
North, and had heaid his Wuig friends there advo-
cate, as a part of the principles of the Whig party,
a protective tariff. Why, where then was that
fearless spirit—that chivalnc independence—that
has so often here, in the mid t of the Representa-
tives of the people, pouted forth its indignation when
Southern principles were attacked, and in sickness
and m health, was found in the hottest of the battle
fighting for Southern rights and Southern princi-
ples? Why quailed his manly voice then? That
Was the time, the hour, the place, to have bearded,
not the lion, but the Bear, in his den.   To have
dealt the lightning flash ot his ey-J and the thunders
of his voice on Northern ground— n the iace of
Northern Whigs, who dared to wage war upon the
South. And, sir, let me tell the gentleman, tbat
while he was in the enemies camp under his piratical
flag, aiding that enemy against his own people; I
was—and the whole Democratic party of the North
were, nobly, but, unfortunately, unsuccessfully,
sustaining the cause of the Soutb, which I believed,
and they believed, was the cause of the North—the
cause of our common country; not under the pirati-
cal flag, hoisted only to allure victims for plunder,
but under that other glorious flag, that waved over
our common fa'hers, m their common battles, ever
since the dajs of the Revolution—the Republican
flag—the Democratic flag—the stars and stripes of
our Union. But, sir, I rejoice that the gentleman
from Virginia has found out, late though it be,
that he has been with the enemy, and I doubly re-
joice tbat he is now with his fnends—his people's
friends—his country's fnends—the true Democra-
cy—and I tender him the right hand of fellowship,
and assuie him that though he comes back at die
eleventh hour, he shall have as great reward as
the best and oldest laborer in the vineyard of De-
mocracy.
This, Mr. Chniman, is digressing rather too
far; vet, sir, it is of some importance, to show,
even by these digressions, the (allacy attempted
here, to make out of the recent elections a public
opinion favorable to the bill under ctnsidcration,
or any other measure; a public opinion, too, which
is to control the judgment oí the members of th-
committee, and the final action of all blanches 11
the Government.
The next indication of public opinion I shall
give, is taken liom a country newspaper in Penn-
sylvania. I1 is a call tor a " gteatAVhij, mretini*,"
previous to the la e < kction, m Montgomery cjuh-
ly, Pennsylvania.    It iiads thus-
' IlAm.tsi s ami 'í\LhR C ilLritAno-v—All llio Iticndsof
Anient an liberty, of posed to the onliageons tn<l wanton iisn 
patiorca ol the 1 edoial \dnnnistiation, are requested to meet at
Whitehall, on the Columbia railroad, 10 Lower Morion town
f=hip, MouLiotnuiy county, Pa at 10 o'clock, a m on Monday,
the 14th daj oí ^tptembci
"AH who, without distinction of pirty, ore opposed to the Cv
ecutive schunc ol establishing a standing army ol *.üO,UOU ipen,
m a time olpiofound peace opposed to uniting th' pmsewlth
the word, by t lectin™ a Government Bank, teinicdalsub Tiea-
suiy, which is tobe mütpendentol the populai will, to uMntr
awiythe piolecuon of our manufacunert., by de troymti the
taiilf lo tht pio,t.ation ofuedll, to theieductionoí waiies,aid
tin rum ot oui lamieres, ind (lie hardy yeoinamy ofthecountiy,
will attci d 1 hi m .titi^ will he addressed by the lollowing
distinguished gein!t.nier, who have kindly voluuteeie Í to <1l
ilvn addle 3c in the nee is| >n—John C Monlgoinety, esq
11 >n Charles. Nayloi, Col M'henncy, of Philadelphia, J Hall
Bieidy, ta,q < f Philadelphia 1 lanels I fiitnid <s(j otPlnli
delplna f.ovunoi Cali o floudi, tho lion Mi PtuitifeMif
Mississippi, andteveidl oihoi
)  R   lOMC^
.loirpii poo tic,
JOHN bUPPLLE,
Committee oí Invitation
port  'I, It-10'
Thus you will str, with the addition of the
'standing aim's," and the general .tory of "pros-
tiation of cedit," "reduction of wages," &c &c
it is the same as the Philadelphia banner. There
was no distribution of the salt 1 of the public lands,
or a National Bank upon it. And what a set oí
patriots too were to address ihe meeting. Mr Mont-
pomery is now Postmaster at Pmladelprua; Col.
M'Kenuey, I understand, is an applicant for a high
office in the Indian department, Francis J. Grund
is likewise said to want a. consulship oi charge de
Affaires, Governor Call is Governor of Florida;
whether appointed for his speechifying, or for im-
porting the "blood hounds," 1 know noi; and there,
too, was the Honorable Mr. Piusntiss, fighting un-
der the flag of a "protective tariff," like his other
Southern brethren, m Philadelphia—may I ask of
all this motley crowd of orators how many of them
then advocated, or now caie, for the "distribution
ot the proceeds of the. publie lands" or a ' Na-
tional Bank1" Teiey wanted change that they
might get office—office is what they agitated _for—
talked for—voted for—give them but this and you
will not hear fiom them any other petition And,
sir, is this not true of ihe fifteen hundred, who ihe
gentleman from Marylard [Mr. Johnson] told us
the other day were applicanis for office at one
of the Departments, and of the ose hundred and
fif'y thousand other applicants for office throughout
the country?   It is easy to understand their public
1                                                                            p *-
voice lor a change of Administration, without
claiming for it the support of the distribution bill,
or that lor a National Bank.
Here, sir, is another eall for a Democratic Whig
meeting:
"All those who me in favor of the log Cabin candidate-*
all who ai e in favor of a President that can peiform the duties
of his office without gold spoons—all who are in favor of th 
farmer of North.Bend—all who are opposed to the extrava.
fance of tlaitm Van Iiuren—all who are in favor of protecting
one imiusiiu and high  wages—are requested to attend a
Bemociatic Whig meeting, &c &c.
This is embelli hed with the "gold spoons.1' I
have observed there is always a general smile on
the faces «f members whenever the gold spoons
are mentioned, and yet these gold spoons did good
service to the Whigs in their day—-when connected
with the "household furniture" and "kitchen uten-
sils" of the White House, done up with French
names-, and ingeniously written into a speech, the
people were "Ogled" out of many.a vote by them
—and honett votes too. Those who were thus in-
fluenced to vote for a change, the change they
wanted was a more economical and plain Repub-
lican Piesident, as the above eall says, who could
perform the duties of his office without gold
spoons. But alas! the "gold spoons" are said to be
still in the "White House," "tabourets" and all;
and what have ihe*e "honest voters" gained toy
the "change?"   We shall see.
The extravagance of Mr. Van Baren is also con-
demned. This was a standing and general theme.
The expenditures of his administration were «very
where loudly proclaimed and magnified, and pro*
mises of "retienchment, economy, and reform,"
were ihen made In this the Whig party did agree
Nonh and Sotnh, East and Wesi; and it is almost
ibe only common ground ihey occupied. Not-
wimstundirig this, since the election we have heard
no moje oí econom),ictienchment, or reform, un-
less it was in the speech of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Alford,] yesterday, in which he told
his party, and told them truly, tbat they had vi-
olated all their pledges, made before the election,
on this subject. Economy! Where is it? Where
is there a single officer dispensed with? They have
been changed, but all are filled. Retrenchment!
Where n> it? Can any Whig put his hand upon a
single item of retrenchment? 1 would like to see
it. There has been none. None is now recom-
mended by the President, or any op his Cabinet.
On the comraiy, the Secretaiy of the Treasury has
six wn us alie any that the expenses of the G-o-
vi rnment have incipajcd, and are increasing over
that oí Mr Van Burpo'i administration; and the
Si cretary ot War, to show his sincerity in retrench-
ni'nt, asks of Congress, at this extra session, an
appropriation of two million's and a half of dollars
more than was deemed necessary by the last Ad-
ministration. Such are the* first fruits of Whig
economy, retrenchment, and reform. Thus all Ihe
charges of extravagance made against Mr. Van
Buren'a administration were false, as proved by
the fact that the expenses have not been reduced in
any of the Departments of the Government.
If the Whigs believed what they asserted before
the election, that the Government was paying more
officers than it had need of, why hav« they not bee*
reduced m number's If their salaries were too
high, why not have them lowered? If there were
any wasteful 01 unnecessary appropriations, why
not repeal -hem? Noise of this is asked for—none
will be asked for, and those who made the charges
of extravagance against the late Administration,
made them, knowing them to be false, or they have
proved recreant to their trutt, and illustrate, in a
remarkable manner, the truth of what General
Harrison said in relation to the "remark of a Ro-
man consul in an early period of that celebrated
Republic, ih^ta most striking contrast was ob-
servable in the conduct of candidates for offices of
power and trust, before and after obtaining them,
they seldom cairymg out m the latter case the
p edges and promises made in the former." And
to prove that "however much the world may have
improved in many respects in the lapse of upwards
of two thousand years since the remark was made
i by the virtuous aid indignant Roman," the "an-
nals" of the Whig party, before and since the elec-
tion, "will develope similar instances of vrelated
confidence."
