118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
2Tth Cong......1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Broiun.
H. of Reps.
It is not contended, however, that there will be
any surplus m the Treasury at any time to divide,
out that the vacuum that will be made by the ab-
straction and distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands will have to be supplied by an in-
crease of duties on foreign merchandise or products.
Thus, what is given to the States by distribution is
to bs repaid to the General* Government by cus-
toms, and the consumers of the art,cles on which
the duties are laid will pay tbe customs In plaia
terms, what is given to the States by the General
Government must be paid back by the people to
the General Government.
If it soould be paid back by the same people
who receive it, there would then be no other in-
justice in it than compelling them to pay for col-
lecting and paymg It out twice, and having to
make up all the loss that will accrue by smug-
gling m the first place, and, subsequently, by de-
frauding and defaulting collectors and keepers of
the public money. But should it not be paid back
by the same people who receive it, ihen it is dou-
bly unjust. First, it is unjust to give to the States
the proceeds of the public lands which belong to
toe whole people, to be by them appiopnated to
pay State debts, or otherwise perhaps to the bene-
fit of but a portion ot the people of the State,
and secondly, by indirect taxation, collect from a
portion,and a d fferent portion from those who re-
ceive the benefiis of that distributed, the same ora
larger amount of money to supply us p'ace in the
Treasury of the United States, it is indirectly taking
from the pockets of one part of the people to put
into those of another, and, in many cases, taking
ten dollars from the pocket of the same individual
to put one back again.
But let us examine a little more closely the p'an
proposed to raise revenue m lieu of that distri-
buted. It is proposed by the Secretaiy of the
tbe Tieasury to imposs a duty of 20 per cent, ad
valorem on all articles that are now imported free
of duty, and you hear the advocates of distribu-
tion every where proclaiming that this revenue is
to be raised by duties on "luxuries"—on "wmes"
and ''silks." Wmes and silks are trumpeted forth
as the luxuries on which they intend to laya tax
equal to that taken from the revenue by distribu-
tion The Whigs always have gone, and seem
still deposed to go, on the humbug pnnei
pie. They never stop at deceptun, and
finding that they deceived the people on
a large scale, and were successful at the
late election, they think they can always play the
same game with success. Thus it it that ihe, >re
attempting to tickle the public ear with t e idea
(hat those who drink wine and wtar silk*, will hive
to repay the amount distributed among ¡he State-.
by this bill. The gentleman from Maine [Mi
Clifford] has proved by calculations, mads upon
data furnished from the Treasury Departm-nt,
that this is all a fallacy; that all the reverue that
could be raised by the 20 per cent, doty on wmes,
would be less than, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars pei annum, and on all silks not over a mil-
lion and a half.
Ihe other articles on which this duty is to be
imposed, was shown by the same gentleman to be
the necessaries of life—tea, coffee, sugar, molasses,
hides, &c. On tea and coffee alone will be levied
upwards of two millions of dollars, and on tbe
rest of the undutiable articles, mostly all of which
may be considered as necessaries, entering into the
daily consumption of every man, the poor as well
as the rich, and in many instances the poor con-
suming as much as the rich, is ihere to be raised,
according to the recommendat.oa of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the amount of ne?r twelve mil-
lions of dollars. If any Pennsylvaman wi'l luck at
the articles that are thus to be taxed, tea, coffee,
sugar, molasses, hides, &e and calculate how
much will be, nay, must be, consumed of ¡hem m
Pennsjlvania, he will see that she will have to pay
dearly, very dearly, for her share of the proceeds
of the public lands; it is indeed "paying too dear
for the whistle " To carry the calculation closer,
he will find that it will operate most oppressively
on the operative, middling, and poorer clashes.
These consume as much tea, coffee, sugar, and
molasses, and wear as many shoes made out of
foreign hides as th¿ rich do, if not more, for they
generally have better appetites and are obliged to
walk more; as they consume more, they will have
to pay more duty, and there is not one of them
who will not pay from ten to one hundred times as
much into the Treasury m duties as he will receive
out of it by this distribution bill If these duties
were to be so laid as to be a protection lo the pro-
ducts of the mines, the soil, the manufactures, or
the labor, of Pennsylvania, the loss to her might
not be so great, but this is no where pro
posed, indeed, the idea of a proteciive tariff
seems to be entirely repudiated by the present Ad-
ministration, and the present majority in Congress
Pennsylvania has, therefore, nothing to expect from
those now in power, that will promote her interests.
She must, therefore, look at tbe naked question of
distribution as it is proposed, and the dunes recom-
mended by the Secretary ef tbe Treasury, for in
this shape will both these measures be carried, if
carried at all And it is under tbis view of the
question that I have attempted to show that the
whole cheme is against the interest of Pennsylva-
nia I have not thought it worth notice, the ar-
gument used by many, that what is paid in du-
ties is paid indirectly and volun'anly, and therefore
not felt. The British corn laws are upon the same
princple. Are tbe duties paid on the bread stuffs
of that country not felt by the citizens' Yet they
are paid indirectly and voluntarily The argument
is unworthy an enlightened statesman; and I am
satisfied my constituents would just as soon pay
their share of tbe public expenses directly, as in-
directly Tney will do both voluntarily, but they
will choose that which causes them to pay the leas ,
and will not deem that just, which takes from Ihe
many to give to the few—from the poor to give to
the rich.
It is against the interest of the people of Penn-
sylvam i generally to pay lo the General Govern-
ment, m the way of dunes, millions of dol'ars an-
nually, io get from the General Government, in the
way of dmnbution, hundreds of thousands—for all
they will ever get as their share of the proceeds of
the public lands will not be more than from two to
three hundred thousand dollars per annum. Penn-
sylvania, it is true, is in debt, and has annually to
pay a portion ot tiw interest on that debt by direct
taxes. The share shf would rece ve from the
proceeds of the public Ian Is, would, doubtless, be
pppliel, as far as it would go, and this would be
but a vtiy little way, toward  the payment of that
mteiest, and to tint extent relieve th^se who are
now, by the law. of ihe State, taxed for that pur-
pose. This debt has been principally incurred for
her internal improvements These have not be-
nefited all her citizens eq tally, many have not
b->en benefited any In the imposition of taxes to
pay for them, respect has therefore been had to
those who have been most benefited, so far as it
could be, thus has real estate been taxed mode-
rately, capitalists, banks, corporations, corporation
and State officers, merchant-, traders, professional
men, and others with large incomes, high, laborers,
mechanics, manufacturers, and producers, very
lightly. This, we are to suppose, id laying tbe bur-
den of the Stste debt upon 'hr«e wno have re-
ceived the most advantage fiom it, and who are
best able to bear it. Of this the Legislature of
the State is certainly the best judge. This
bill, however, propose? to take from those
on whom the burden is specially imposed by
the State a part of that burden, and impose it en
the food and clothing of all her ctmns; thus
making the man who has no land—no capital—
no merchandise, to be benefitted by the public
work*, pay es much a3 the man who has his pro-
fits doubled by them on his thousands of acres—his
millions of dollars—or his warehouse  filled with
merchandise—because the former will consume as
much of the articles on which duties are laid, as
thp latter.
Pennsylvania has not asked this Government to
aid her in the payment of her debt—she is able lo
pay it her-elf, and, most of all, would she refuse
to accept aid on terms like these. And whether
she is able to pay it or not, sh  will never agree to
have it paid for her by indinectly taking from
any portion of her citizens the rewards of their
honest industry, by taxing, tea, coffee, and sugar,
and silks, as if it were a crime to drink the one or
wear the other.
Before I leave this part of the -ubjGct, I cannot
but advert to two short sentences I find in the re-
portgof the Secretary of the Treasury, which though
they may not be strictly applicable to the subject
under consideration, will show that tbe Secretary is
playing the politician more than the financier m
many of his recommendations H s notions of
trade and commerce, and revenue, and expendi-
tures, are, to say the least of them, somewhat con-
fused. For instance, take the following, which is
from page six of his report on the finances.
"The undersigned would respectful y recommend, "9 a tern
porary measure, the levy of a duty o/Wpei cent ad valorem
on all articles ichicli are now free of duty, oi which pay a
less duty than 20 pei cent except gold and silvei and the ar
tides specifically enumeiated m the 5th section of the acf of
March 2d, 1833
"If this measure be adopted, it is estimated that there will he
received into the Treasury fiom customs, in the last quarter of
the present year, about 85,300 000, in all the }eai of 1842, about
822,500,000, and m the year 1843, aftei the final reduction un
dertheact of March2d, 1833, about $80800,000"
And then the following, which is from page 7,
of same report-
"The currency of the country should he íestored, and con
merce and industry relieved from then present stateofen
barrasimenl and depression ant a benign and liberal po'icy
on the pait of the Geueial Government should ct]I fonli once
more thp hardy industry and active enterpuse of our peop e,
and the vast resources of our courtry "
Thus would the Secretary, by his recommenda-
tion in the first of these extracts, impose a bur-
den on commerce of two millions thiee hundred
thousand dollars the last three months of this yea1",
and of eleven and a half millions the next yea-,
m addition to those now imposed upon it. This ¡„
ose way of relieving commerce ! But perhaps the
Secretary thinks commerce is like camomile, it
will thrive best the more you trample upon it I
have always understood that high duties, or dutus.
of any kind, were mimical to commerce, and that
the best way to relieve commerce of lis burden",
was to take off the duties and exactions levied
upon it. But what does the Secretary mean by
"relieving commerce and industry'!''' Does h*
mean what the President in his message say , that
ihere will be "a gradual expansion of trade grow-
ing out of a restoration of confidence?" It he does,
I should hi e to know with w^at country our tra^e
is to be increased! Where our old markets ate to
be enlarged, or new ones opened1? And if ihis will
be best accomplished by imposing more duties' vi 1
the imposition of duties on wmes and s Iks enlarge
the market for our tobacco or cotton, or will an in-
crease of duty on coffee and sugar an molasses, en-
large the marketfor our lumber and fiom? But tb s
is the way I presume we are to get the better
times and higher prices that were promised before
theelection. Duuesare to be imposed for the purpos 
of reviving commerce, and these duties arc to b< 
on such luxuries and necessaries as do not come m
compe uion with those of American growth and
manufacture, for th" purpose of relieving Amen-
can industry1 The Secreiary will prove himse'f a
great man if he can thus relieve commerce and in
duslry by the same p-ocess—increase a market at
home for foreign productions, and a market abroad
for Amtncan productions. Bui, sir, I am wan.
d«nng, and must return to this distribution b U
again, to present it to the consideration of the com-
mittee m another point of view.
The demoralizing effecs of ibis distribution
scheme upon the action of Congress, cannot escape
the foresight of the committee. Heretofore our
legislation in relation to the public lands has had
one common object—the best merest of the United
States. We have had a unity of purpose. The
representatives from Maire have had the same feel-
ings and the same interest m the matter as
those of Louisiana, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky.
As soon, however, as this bill shall pass, each
State will have its own policy and its own inte-
rests to control the course of its representative;
here The Stales that are heavily in deb , or
that shall embark largely in internal improve-
ments, or otherwise have immediate and press-
ing demands for money, will be clamorous
for the rapid sales of the lands—while those
States who have co such pressing demands
for money, but who are carefully investing taeir
