ISO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th C ng-"-1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton,
Senate.
branch of the Bank of England, which was to col-
lect specie in the United States, and s.hip it te Lon
don—which was to give us paper money, and the
Engliih hard money, and which was to stop pay-
ment just as often as the political or toe pecuniary
interests of the English requned it to s op View-
ing the institution in this point of view, he felt it
to be his duty to follow a three fold coane of ac-
tion towards it; first, to offer all the amendments o
the charter which would tend to dimu tsh its capa-
city to do mischief; secondly, to oppose the p?s-
sage of the charter, when ready to be passed, third-
ly, to work at us destruction by all c nstitutional
and legal means, after it passed, until it was re
pealed by law, or vacated by judicial decision.
This being bis view of the wstitu'ton, and bis
sense of duty in his conduct towards i, his course
was a citar one, and he should take that course
and follow it, without the least regard to conse
quences. HL was against the Bank, as the Baby-
lonish harlot of our morals and polities, be had en-
listed for the war against her, he wanted no quar
ter; and he was ready to taire political"death at any
moment that it would come in so jus' and holy a
canse.
Viewing the Bana a1- a political mat nine, to be
worked by the Federalists against the Democracy,
I would place tbe cuief seat oí its power and di-
rection as far off a-, possible fioiu Washington
city, and that would be at New Oileans Viewing
it as a moneyed engme for plundering the South
and West, which two previous National Banks had
already plundered for forty years, 1 would re-
move the engine from the plundeii g to the plun-
dered part of the Union, and would reverse or neu-
tralize its action in lime to come Viewing it as a
branch of the Bank of England, I would place its
chief seat as far offa* possible f'om England, and
that again would be at New Orleans. For all
these reasons I will now vote for «ending these
nine lords of the Fise—by no meat s the nine
muses—to the mouth of the Mississippi, and thus
put them as far as possible fiom contact and
communication—from et'cnin. w^lks, and mid-
night entertainments—with the heads of depart-
ment and the membus of Congress ueie. I would
prefer to annihilate these nine lore altogether,
and for that purpo.e shall make a mo ion to strike
them out oí the bill at a proper time, for the pre-
sent I must conine my efforts to plaungthem as
far off as possible Cicero wanted a wall between
himself and Catiline: he feared his daa_er I want
distance between thtst fiscal luids an i us 1 Itar
their millions.
Mr. B. said this question was sprung upon him
suddenly,and somewhat accidentally. It was evi-
dently precipitate i by Wiia1 had ju--t < ccurred it
took him without i,(s arm*—the .¡mis which ibis
particular question required—but he could never
be caught without the rapacity to show that these
national banks—to say nothing of their other evil
properties—were the greatest enemy of the South
and West which the genius, oi the foiiy, of man
had ever invented. The two previos banks (m
conjunction with their twin sisters, la* iff and pen-
sions, public debt, funding sjstem, papei system)
had pillaged these two regí ns ot their wealth, and
eviscerated them of ti.eir pokl and a v r, for forty
years They had crippled and brckn Southern
and Western banks during the whole p< nod of their
existence. They bad inflicted upon toe South and
West the curse of depreciated pap r t mey. They
had taken away the expert and he import trade of
the South and Wist from the Southeu and West-
ern ports, to which it naturally be1 n^ed, and
transferred it to the NoriWst, where i did not be-
long. They had made t ,e nth pa't c the Union
poor, and the p"or part n n They h d made the
hundred millions of annual Southern „nd Western
exports the gain of those u ho t id not t duce them
ív i the loss of those who 'J Th v ad given to
the Northeast the command an i cm i tf Sou h-
srn and Westera !aKor and mius ri — ip fe ching
and carrying, and tne buying -u u llin , of all
•hey send out and of all t ey I r r g   ck They
i>ad given to the Northeast a drub uofit upon
Southern and Western crop , one • it upon the
produce sent abroad tor sale, ano         u,>on  the
¡joods brought home tor consumption    They had
made the Northeast the seat and the centre of the
m neyed systetDjOf our Aoierica,so that those whose
labor produced money, had none, and were com-
pelled to go t) those who had got then-, and hum-
bly apply for loans—'oo happy, if oy mortgaging
patrimonial inheritances, or the industry of poste-
rity, they can borrow some paper trash for which
their estates are eventually sold The two banks
of the United States, with their twin progeny, have
produced all this The action of this Federal Go-
vernment has done it; and to this action,
Southern and Western politicians have lent
a culpable and a helping hand. The po-
litic ans on the two sid^s of Mason's and Dixon's
line, stem to have made a bargain, and to have
acted on it faithfully—those of the South and West
to have th° honois of the Federal Government,
and those of tne North to hive tne profits of Fe-
ral legislation Thus u would «eem to have been
for above fofiy >e«s, until the South and West
had nearly all the President*, and the Northeast has
got qtnte all the money. Now I am foi breaking
and reversing this bargain, s ¡ f ^1 ot solid profit to
one—so fraught with vanity and poverty to the
other. I am for teveuing this bargain I say to
our Northern brethren, take the Presidency for forty
years—give us Democrats only, and take ltfoi
forty years—and let us have the beneficial action
of the Government as long as you have had n—
at least let us have exemption from the plundering
action of the Guvrnment as loig as you have
been plundering as. Give us a truce fiom pillage
I will compromise for that. Take the Presidential
chair—th«it gilded and painted baubie—take it and
keep it as many years as the children of Isiael
wandered days in the wilderness, and let us be
frep during ths while from your cormorant bank,
and its harpy brood of loans and tariffs, debts and
pensions, funding, stockjobbini, paper money, and
all the crimes and demoralization whtco. fol'ow in
their tram.
Mr. B said he was not prepared now with the
pacts and figures wmch tins question required,
nor w?s it m-ierml that he should be The ques-
tion would come up again in a bettei form: that of
a provision for the equitable di>tnbuti m of the
capital of the Bat.k. Tne South and Wes- ha 1
been cheated and bamboozled heret forem the dis-
tribution of the Bank capita!—ttiey had receive 1
not a cent' On ihj contiary, they had beea pil-
laged of the capital the) possessed! A cashier sent
from tbe East with audion'' to draw—that is to
say, with autho ity to eolket their specie and
ship it to the Eist—was all th" cpi al they
got. This insult and injury must be st< ,iped, and
will be, if my motion fi r ¡,n eqna! distribution oí
capital snail prevail The bulk of the capttpl
should go to the South and West, r.here the bulk
of the exportab'e prodi'Ciionsarc, and to this effect
a ra tion will be mad.2 at the proper time
Mr B. reitenitd that the g eac.t curse which
the power of man ceul 1 inilici uK"-o. the South ai d
West, was the creation of a National Bank— o
chief seat and direction to b  located noi'h of the
Potomac. He referred to several incidents to «how
the disastrous workings of such a Bank upon those
regiont, and among the ¡est to a late leport of a
South Carolina Legislature, foun ltd upen the tes-
timony of a la'e president of th Um ed States
Branch Bank m the city of Choil sum. The tes i-
mony of the piesident (Mr. Elm t) showed the
ruinous drafts for specie made en his branch,
which he had to collect fiom the Sta'e bank and
the people, the paralyzing and d tractive effects
of thee drains upon the business and property of
his Stale, the rum to imports, the decline of prospe-
rity, and the wither.ng and blasting effect of the
who'e operations of the Bank upon the acmes c
and foreign trade of the Sti e
Mr B read this extract from the report.
"Frnm 1819 to 1825 the dram of specie fiom the banks of the
South by the United States Bank, was so great as to paralyze
the whole energies of the  nuhein countiy It is a'muted by
the President of the latter Bank himseli, that in fouiteen yeais
he drew Irom the bank in tnat quarter twenty two millions and
a half, for the mother Bank and for the branch at New lork,
while, during the same peiiod, he -ent backless than a mil
lion At a Bingle operation, m ordu to assist New York alone,
five millions of specie were sent to her aid, and in the tan
guageofMi Elliott, President of the Charleston branch, 'the
immediate operation of the measures of the united States Bank
has been to cause the banks in this cuy (Charleston) lo sus
fend all business    From the Bank of the State alone, the
sum of one million and a half was wrun? in ti e course of a
few years, and the import tiade of this Staie, which, in ths
ye^r 1765, with a population of but 130 000, was ibout one
million six hundted thousand dollars was reduced, in 1830, to
near one million, although the population oftlie -note and tha
value of its exports had increased more than fourfold    Be
fore this actior of the United Slates Bank had commenced, the
imports into Charleston were as hi h as five millions, while, at
the same period the imports into New Y oik were only twenty
millions    a change immediately ensued after the adoption of
a new policy by the Bank in 1SI9, and when its charter expired,
the imports into Chafleston had dwindled to le&s than two mil
¡ions, while th< se m New York had increased beyend eighty
eight millionb "
Mr. B. said that this extract was brief, but pow-
erful. It presented a picture which armed the
statesman with irresistible arguments, and before
which the empty headed, clapp r tongued, brawl-
ing politician, uith h,s c ickoo note  and parrot
song of ' bes'cwrency m the wmld"—'regulating
the local banks"—"equalizing exchange"— 'furnish-
ing capi'al to the SonJi and Wes' '—dwindles into a
pigmy, and sinks into the insignificance which igno-
rance or knavery must forever encounter in the
presence ol truth and jusuce, armed with facts
and reasons. The picture is irresistible, and what
is said of Charleston applies with more or less
truth to every city south of the Potomac and west
of the Alleghany mountains. From Richmond to
Savannah tne p,cture is the same, and, if in the West
the injury to the people is less, it is m t because they
arenot vtnppcdof their i-pecte, and their traie given
to Atlantic cities, but because, like the East Indies
under Ba'i u oporession, the exuberant fertility of
the West enable* i to survive the exhaustion to
which ¡t i< subjected.
He should vote for the motion now made, and,
whether gained or lost, he should make a motion,
at a suitable time to distribute the capital of the
Bank according to the relative value of the ex-
ports from the respective places where the mothur
Bank and branches should be situated.
REMARKS OF MR. BENTON,
in Senate,   Thursday, July 8—On Mr. Walker's
motion to amend the bill,  by adding at the end
of the seventeenth fundamental rule, as follows:
"That the cashier of e\eiy office of d scount or deposite
shall, on the first Monday of January in earn >ear, transmit to
the pie^idmg officer of tath Uou^e of Congress a list of all
note  discounted, and of at! bill* ofexchange bought and sold by
those offices, together with the names of all di iwers and en-
dorsers of said notes, and of all bills of exchange, with the
draweis, endoiser^andacceptois "
Mr. BENTON was friendly to the amendment,
or rather to the objpet of the amendment, for,
wntle .aiming at a gond object, he c'i I not think it
went far enough H  was in fcvor of pubhcity in
bank proceedings, as weh as in other easps, and
had no doubt that this onb ¡city world be eventual-
ly attained It wa^ in harmony with the spirit of
the age, whi Jh demanded ught, aad abhorred dark-
ness, and whici was reaiw to condemn any insti-
tution, or any proceedings which required secrecy
lor tneir protection. Toe loans and discounts of
banks ougrtt to be p tbuc, not only thoegi anted,
but those refused.
Mr. B said that banks were public institutions—
he meant bank of circulation—and should have a
public course of action. E/ety bank wnic1". pos-
sessed the privilege of issuing papi r money for a
currency, was in po session of a public and sove-
reign privilege, the exercise of which concerned
t^e public wedare, and gave every citizen a right
to know how that privilege was exercised Trie
bank of circulation gave out its own faotes in ex-
change for the notes of individua s, and if these
were insolvent, the notes put ou'had no basis to
rest on, and the public r ere cheated. Tne pri-
vate property of the stockholders w,i« not bound
for the debts of the institution, and th is, where the
borrower was insolvent, the noies kit to him, and
put into circulation, were so many frauds upon the
community. Publicity oi loans and discounts
would delect this fraud, and save the community
from imposition and lo<s.
Again by obtaining a charter, with the va-
luable privileges which it confeis—he privilege
of usury—the exemption of individual liability for
corporate debts—the p ívilege of fabricating money
out of lampblack and lags—a monopoly of these
invileges, and many others—the Bank comes un-
der an obligation to the public to conduct itself
