las
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong-...1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Nicholson.
Sxñ^JMÍ.
Senate.
next year, then twelve millions may not be too large
an amount. If, on the contrary, we are correct on
oar sitie in limiting our estrnwe of exigencies to
the present year, then six millions is an ample
sum.
The doctrine involved in the positions maintain-
ed by Senators on the other side is a palpable viola-
tion of a fundamental principle of British and Ame
rican. liberty. The late President of the united
S ates madea remark, Mr. President, in his Inau-
gural Address, which made a strong impression on
my miad when it was delivered. He said: "Limit-
ed as are the powers which have been granted, Tby
the Constitution,] still enough have been granted to
constitute a despotism, if concentrated in one of the
departments."
This sentiment is alarmingly true, when the Con-
stitution is to be construed as delegatina the pow-
ers claimed by those now in power. The bill un-
der consideration furnishes a strong illustration of
the truih of the remark. It is made a constitu-
tional duty of Congress to provide the necessary
supplies to carry on the Government. If this con-
ttitutional duty can be transferred to ths Execu-
tive for a period reaching beyond the lime when
Congress will be in session, and able to perform
the duty itself, the duty may be transferred to the
Executive for a still longer period. The slightest
departure from the constitutional duty by Congress
of raising money, by transferring that power to the
Executive, is, pro tanto, a violation ot that funda-
mental principle. An existing exigency, or one
likely to arise during the recess of Congress, is the
only case in which Congress can be justified in
transferring ihis power to the Executive'.
I am aware, Mr. President, lhat this Government
cannot he successfully administered without re-
posing a certain degree of confidence in the Exe-
cutive—without eminsting a hmitid amount of
discretion to the President. But liberty can only
be rendered secure by fixing well defined limita-
tions to this Executive discretion. Instances have
occurred in which this discretion has been large,
but they were cases where serious collisions with
foreign powers have been apprehended. The bill
to give Gen. Jackson a discretion in using three
millions of dollars, to prepare for an apprehended
difficulty with France, is one well remembered in-
stance. Another similar case was furnished when
Congress authorized Mr. Van Btiren to raise Un
millions of dollars, to be applied in preparing for a
difficulty with Great Britain. Tuese, however,
were extraordinary cases, and furnish no justifica-
tion for granting similar powers when s.müar
emergencies are not likely to arise. No such diffi-
culties with a foicgn power are now appreheuded.
The friends of the bill urge its parage solely to
meet existing exigencies of an ordinary kind, and
such as may happen during the next year.
But, Mr. President, I cannot omit here to express
my surprise to hear the Senator Irom Kentucky
[M.r. Clay] contend that our opposition to this bill
manifest! a want of confidence in the Executive.
Confidence in an Execvtive is a doctrine which 1
little expectd to hear from that side of ¡he Senate,
after the man/ eloquent denunciations we have had
fmm that quarter, of this doctrine for many years
past. For myself, sir, 1 have no want of personal
confidence in the present President. His political
principles, as recorded in ihe history of hisountry,
are not ef a character to weaken my confidence in
him. I doubt, sir, whether I have not full as much
confidence in him as some of those will vote for this
bill. But it is not a question of personal confi-
dence—opposition to this bill is no impeachment
of the honor of the Executive. It is bat a jealous
regard for a great principle of constitutional liberty
■which induces me to oppose the transfer to the pre-
sent Executive of an amount of discretion which I
would grant to no man.
What, Mr. Presiden', is the full extent of the dis-
cretion proposed to be vested in the Executive by
this bill'? You authorize him to borrow twelve
millions of dollars for a period at lea^t as long as
three years? You leave it to his discretion to bor-
row the money for lha service ef the present year,
or to meet exigencies that may happen in the next
year! You give to the Secretary of the Treasury the
contingent discretion to increase the amount to
eighteen millions by reissuing redeemed Treasury
noles. And this immense discretion is lo be grant-
ed when theie can be no necessity for half the
amount before Congress will again be in session.
But, Mr, President, I desire to present this ques-
tion in another point of view in which it strikes
my mind to be conclusive against the bill. The
power which you give to the President to borrow
twelve millions of dollars is a power by which at
his discretion he may fix a debt upon the country
which must necessarily be hereafter paid off by
taxation. Whatever the President does under this
bill, Congress pledges itself lo sanction and ratify.
Congress stands pledged to preserve the honor and
credit of the country, by laying taxes to pay off ihe
debt lo be created under this bill. The power then
i.i virtually a discretion under which we transfer to
the Executive the taxing power—it is an indirect
lax bill m which you leave to the Executive the dis-
cretion of determining (he amount of the taxes to
be assessed from one dollar to eighteen millions. If
the Executive shall borrow twelve millions for
three years, the Congress must provide the taxes lo
meet it, although that Congress may believe that
too muck has been borrowed and that for too long
a time. I put this case to honorable Senators—
would any one of Ihem vote for a bill which should
authorize the President to assess a tax upon the
people which should raise six or twelve millions at
his discretion! No, sir, not one of them would give
such a vote, and yet this bill is but an indirect mode
of authorizing the Executive to lay a discretionary
tax to raise any amount not exceeding twelve mil-
lions of dollars. Nothing in the present condition
of the Treasury or of the country, can justify to
my mind so palpable a violation of a fundamental
principle of Republican Government.
If I am correct, Mr. Piesident, in the position
that eighteen millions of dollars cxnnot be required
for the service of the year, and no Senator has
contended that that amount will be necessary, I
may ssk why this bill is pressed with so much zeal
—why have Senators on the other side opposed
wilh so much solicitude every proposition to re-
duce the amount, of the loan and to limit the dis-
cretion of the Executive? Without attributing 10
honorable Senators any other design than that
which they ¡ivo-.v, it doss s'rike my mind as re-
markable, lhat such unj lelding opposition is mide
to a rendments, the propriety of wmch cannot be
controverted. 1 feel Hi).-self forced lo the conclu-
sion, that Senators d-> not icgard Ihis bill merely
as furnishing temporary a.ishtance to an embar-
rassed Tieasury, but that it constitutes one, and an
important one, of a system of measures for which
th'-y have long labored and which 'hey intend suon
to adopt.
I shall undertake, tn a few words, Mr. President,
to trace the connection which exists bitwixt thio
measure and some otheis which constitute parts
of that grand system now fully before Congress.
This bill, sir, is intimately connected with the bill to
distribute the land revenue which is now on
jour table. That bill proposes to take from
the Treasury three millions of dollars annually,
for distribution, but the Treasury is emply ! There
is no money there to be distributed ! Ii is, in fact,
what it has been called in the other end of the Ca-
pitol, a proposition " to distribute a deficiency!"
This emptiness of the Treasury has furnishid a
powerful argument against the distribution bill; an
argument which cannot fail to prevail with the peo-
ple. I am gratified to know that that, or some
other argument, has induced a majority of the Re-
presentative^ from my own State io vote against
ths bill in the other House. But, sir, upon the
passage of ihis loan bill your Treasury will be filled
to overflowing—if the whole power conferred is
exercised, you will have a surplus in the Treasury !
Yes, sir, a surplus produced by borrowing! But
still it will be a surplus, and the distribution bill
can no longer be resisted on the ground of empti-
ness in the Treasury. But (he passage of this loan
bill will do more lhan remove a strsng argument
against the distribution bill—it will furnish the
means of making the first distribution. I am justi-
fied, then, in treating this bill as part of the grand
system—as intimately connected with the distribu-
tion bill—as almost essential to the pa-ssage of that
bill.
But this loan bill itself constitutes a component
part of that system—it is the commencement of a
fundeA national debt. I know of no one who de-
sires a national debt for the mere sake of the debt,
but I must say, that the measures now before Con-
*g>-ess, and others which have been recommended
by the Executive Departments, have satisfied my
mind, that the party in power do not entertain so
holy a horror of a public debt as some have sup-
posed. They show at that they have a system of
measures which must result in a heavy national
debf. Perhaps, however, they are merely willing
to submit to the evil of a public debt because it
will open the way to ths great blessings of a high
taiiff.
To sustain the remark that the parly in power
have no very great horror for a public debt, I will
very briefly enumerate some of the measures now
before Congress, and some others which have re-
ceived the favorable notice of the Executive De-
partments. I begin with this loan bill, which
gives the absolute, power to create a debt of twelve
millions, and a contingent discretion to increase it
to eighteen millions. Then the Bank bill autho-
rizes a perpetual loan of one million to the Go-
vernment. The same bill creates a debt of ten
millions certain as Bank capital, and in a certain
contingency, sixteen milbons and two thirds. Then
we have the distribution bill, which gives away to
the States, for the benefit of British capitalist*, three
millions. This is to be a perpecutual drain upon
the Treasury.
It has the same effect upon the country as bor-
rowing fifty millions of dollars at six per cent, in-
terest. By withdrawing three millions from the
Treasury, the taxes must be raised to supply ths
amount so withdrawn, in the same manner as if
a debt of fifty millions was created at an annual
interest of 6 per cent. Next, the Secretary of the
Treasury regards the "fourth instalment of the
surplus revenue," amounting to nine millions of
dollars, as a debt due to the States. However pre-
posterous this opinion may be, we know that it
has its advocates even in Congress, and that at
some future day, when a high tariff shall create a
surplus necessary to be absorbed, that pretended
debt will be a convenient absorbent. Then, we
turn to the report of the Secretary of War, who
considers the expenditure of twelve 'millions as in-
dispensable to put ihe country in a state of "good
defence," by means of fortification*, and who sub-
mits to Congress a system of defences on land,
which is estimated by his Department to require an
expenditure of thirty-five million*. Whether the
recommendation of the War Secretary will meet
wiih favor or not, I pretend not to say. But of
this 1 have no doubt, ¡hat an amount equal to ¡hat
recommended by bis Department will be expended
either on land or water defences, or on both.
Let me here recapitulate those several measure*.
1. The Loan bill           -           -      #18,000,000
2  The Bank bill          -           -          1,000,000
3.  Ihe Bank stock      •            -       16 666.666
4.  The Distribution bill             - 50,000,000
5 The Fourth Instalment         -         9,000,000
6. The War defences   -           -       35,000,000
$129,666,666
Now, Mr. President, I must remind gentlemen
that each and every one of these measures is be-
fore Congress, either in the shape of bills or Ex-
ecutive recommendations. I have given the
amounts, without calculating the immense amount
of interests and costs of collection, which must be
drawn from the labor of the country before these
debts are paid off. Can there be any very great
aversion to public debts amongst those who
propose to adopt a system which creates so strong
a necessity for increased taxes?
Wo all know, Mr. President, that a system of
high tariff duties is a favorite measure with a large
portion of our countrymen. To that system does
ih'S profound public debt look. High tariff duties
cannot be .«ustaiiied unless there is a constant ab-
sorbent for the revenues thereby collected. The
interest upon a large national debt furnishes an
absorbent, and  every dollar of indebtedness con-
