APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JTuly, 1841.
27th ConG""1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
daring the first two, and paid all expenses up to
the 4th of March)—premising this, I proceed to
show what 1 have found in the books against the
new administrators under the three heads mention
ed, and begin with the amount which we left in
their hands. This I find stated in the report upon
the finances, made to the two Houses of Congress
at the meeting of the present session, and upon the
third page of that report. The amount there
stands thus stated:
1. The available balance in the Treasury on the
4th of Match, 1811                   •         -          •   $646,803 12
2 Treasury notes authorized under the act of
1810, issued after the 3d of March, 1841         -     4'3,592 72
3.  Do authorized by the act of 1811, to be issued
afiertltótóiofMaich, 1841                 -             5000000 00
4.  Receipts from customs, estimated at -            12,000 000 00
6. " " public lands                            2,600,000 00
6.        "       "    miscellaneous sources           -      170,000 00
Amounting to      -          -         820,730,395 84
Here, sir, are close upon twenty one millions
of dollars to carry on the Government for ten
months, by administrators who complained of our
extravagance, and promised to exhibit themselves
as models of economy. They promised to carry
on the Government for thirteen millions; we fur-
msaed them with twenty-one for ten months; and
here we are, before (he ten months are half out,
called together at an expense of half a million of
dollars, to provide additional means. We asked
no more to carry on the Government than we left
them. We even made an extraordinary provi-
sion over and above the funds on hand, and the
accruing revenue—a provision of five millions of
Treasury notes; the whole for themselves, the is-
sue of which was not evento commence unul af-
ter they came into power. Upon these supplies
we should have gone through the year, xf the De
mocratic Administration had continued, without a
shilling more than the twenty-one millions turned
over to our successors. This has been asserted and
demonstrated to you by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbuks-,] late Secretary of
the Treasury, and who speaks with the knowledge
of experience, and with the authority of a practised
statesman. He has told you repeatedly m those
pulverizing speeches in, which he has reduced your
Secretary'-, report to dust and ashes, that he would
have earned on the Government during the re-
mainder of the ysar, without calling for an ad-
ditional dollar, if the Administration of Mr. Van
Buren had continued in. power. You have all
heard his declaration; and I now call upon him to
say whether 1 have mistaken his assertien, or
whether time and reflection, or the arguments cf
his opponents, have induced hitn to retract, or qua-
lify his important declaration. I pause for a
reply.
Mr WOODBURY stool up and íeiterated h,s
declaration.
Mr. BENTON Good!! must request the Se-
nator to write down his statement in his own word--,
and deliver it to me, to be mcorpe ated in my
speech. I will put it m the body of the speech.
It shall be printed in great letters; they should be
of gold letters—large and shining—each a digit
long, it shall be printed in staring capitals, that
the old farmers—the producing elasse^—tbe bees
wihica make the honey, not the drones who eat it__
that ail the friends of their country, no matter how
classified in party polines—no matter how tiiey
voted at the last election—-that they, tne and all,
may see and read, and reading, remember forever,
this authentic declaration, that Mr. Van Buren's
Mimmstrabon would have gone through the year, if
it had been continued m power, without having re-
qmi e<i one additional dollar ft <r-ti the people.
Mr. Woodbury hpiided his staten> ht to Mr.
Benton     it was in these wt re's-
"MR ^"OOD'iÜRY STAiES IN ">EPLY TO
THE CUJESTiON OF MR BEN ION, T"4T
THE MEANS POSSESSED AND I XPECTED
TO ACCRUE, WERE FULLY ittUlLIO
ALL THE COMPUTED A1ND PROPER EX
PSNDÍTÜRE*', AND WOULD DEFR lYTli-.,
WHOLR IP KO UNFORESEEN ACCIDENT
SHOULD INTERVENE"
Sir, said Mr. B addressirg turns'-.f to the Pre
sidentof the Senate, we have got yuu1 We hold
you in tbe gripe of the hand! When y our Secre-
tary oí the Treasmy sent in his report at the com-
mencement of this session, giving his beggarly ac-
count of empty boxes—showing that he had spent
what we kit him, and calling out for more;—I
said to myself, as the report was m the course of
being read to the Senate, that there was an omis-
sion in it—that the Secretary had not told us how
much money had been delivered out to disbursing
officers and agents, before they needed it' how much
wss now in their hands, unapplied or unaccounted
for! and that the knowledge of this was necessary
to enable us to understand how far the present dis-
tress of the Treasury is real, or artificial ! I said
this was necessary to enable us to understand how
far the moneys had been delivered out as actually
required for the public service, or how far they had
been lavished precipitately—faster lhan they could
be used—in order" 11 creat* a vaccum in the publ.c
chest; and thus justify an extra cali for Congress
to fill it!
These inquiries passed through my mmd, and
upon the instant I submitted a resolution calling
for the omitted information. The call was in these
word«:
"JZesolved, That the President of ihe United States be re
quested to inform the Senate what amount of public money
has been placed m the hands of disbursing officers and agents
since the 4th of March last, also what amount of public moneys
now remain m the hands of disbursing officers and agents un-
accounted for, or not reported to have been paid over according
to law "
This was submitted on the 8th day of June, and
adopted by the Senate, and the answer to it has
just come m. It has been delivered this morning,
just jn time for me to see it betore I rose to speak.
This answer shows the sum of seven millions of
dollar^, and a fraction over, to be in tbe hands of
disbursing agents or officers, unaccounted for, or
not reported to have been paid ovei. This let the
secret out. It showed how the Treasury had been
emptied, and what the poor Secretary had been
obliged to do in order to furnish an ex post facto
reason lor this pre-ordained extra session of Con-
gress ! Sir, I know how a Treasury can be emp-
tied. It is only to deliver out the money in masses
to officers and agents before it is needed for the
public service, and let it he in their hands, or in
the hands of their friends, or in favorite banks, until
until wanted for public payments. In that m inner
tbe Treasury can* be emptied on any day, no mat-
ter how full u may be In. that manner 't would
have been emntied a drzen times duung Mr. Van
Buren's administration, if his Secretary of the
Treasury had yielded to the importunate demands
made upon him. I know what I say; for my duty
as a member of the Finance Commi'tee often led
me to converse with the Secretar/, and to leain
the condition of the Pise. The present Secretary
says he has now less than a million on hand- I
vay that has ottpn been the case with the late Se-
cretary. He has often been d aiiaed down to less
than a million, .wd would have been drained dry
if he had yielded to t' e demands upon him tor pre-
mature supplies; but he fought them off, and kept
the money m the Treasury until the publ c service
required it to be pa.d over to those wbo had earned
it In this way he has saved the Treasury hereto-
fore, and would have saved it af am this summei.
I call upon the ex-Secretary to say if I am not cor-
rect m? II th '
[Mr. Woodbury ¡>aid >es ]
Mr. B",N10N You hLar I s answer! and in
that insí *,r you feel the oondem  ation ot the pre-
eut Kj'crttjry '
Mr. B ho e bezged the Senate to observe t->at
i -U'1 not tailed fc the ¿n-m t of unaccounted
for pu juo uOiievs for tha purpose of imputing tie
fauits to the omcei-,. No such tii ng. He k->ew
th<tt fere was not time -yet for the greater pari of
th se new accounts to o« settled* his only otject
was to "-how wnat a mass oí money was rot; >n
IheiiPi'stf offi'-ers and Pawn's, and hiere 3y to
show lie icas n vhy so little was in the Tiea^urv
I n i*v peered, -aid Mr. Btntcn, to the seooü'
class of entries which I find m these new books,
namely, the addi1 tonal mea'swfuih the new ad-
ministrators have piovioed, or a tempted to pro
vide tor themselves, and the want of which has
been made the putative cause of calling together
this most ominous and portentous session of Con-
gress. At the head of these means, not for its
amount, (for it is but a trifle in the totality of the
sums which I shall have to present,) but for its
peculiarity and novelty, I shall place the item
which I biought to the notice of the Senate on Sa-
turday last, namely, the loan of a million at a
time, for six months together, and at six per cen-
tum interest, which the Fiscal Bank, by a clause
m its charter, is authorized to lend to the Govern-
ment without any law of Congress to authorize it.
I read the clause on Saturday, but will read it
again, for it deserves attention for more reasons
than one.
Mr. B took up the charter of the Bank, and
read from the 10th fundamental article of what, he
said, was whimsically called ''the Constitution of
the Fiscal Bank," a clause m these words:
1;No loin shall be mide by the said corporation, for the use,
01 on account of the Government of the United States, to an
amount exceeding one mitiion of dollars, nor for any period
exceeding one hundred and eighty days, or on account of
any particular State, to an amount exceeding one hundred
thousand doilals, or for any period exceeding one hundred
and eighty days, unless previously authorized by a law of
the United Stales "
Here is authority, resumed Mr. B for the Ad-
ministration to borrow and for the bank to lend,
a million at a time, for six months together, and
that without further leave 01 license from Congress;
and this little operation m finance is subject to be
repeated exactly forty times in the twenty years
which this bank is proposed 10 continue. I do not
dilate upon theunconstitutiorahtyof this provision:
time does not permit. I showed on Saturday that it
was a delegation of legislative power to the execu-
tive branch of the Government—authorizing the
President to borrow money for objects not defined
by Congress, and unknown to any appropriation
law, and for any purpose that he pleased. Con-
gress has power to borrow money, not at its
pleasure, and for what purposes it pleases, but to
pay the debts and to provide for the support of the
Government; it has often given the President au-
thority to borrow, but always named for what pur-
pose, or that it must be for satisfying appropria-
tions made by law. These are the limitations
upon Congress, but h*-re is a delegation of autho-
rity without limitation upon the President- he may
borrow the million, and repeat the loan forty
times in twenty years, for whatever object he
pWses. This is what the new bank charter au-
thorizes. I know that this clause is sues tan ually
copied from the old bank charter of 1816 where it
stood for a half a million of do'lars; an'' I know
that that clause was copied from one in the charter
of the Bank of England; where it stood for half a
million sterling (two and a half millions of dol-
lars.) I know these instances, but dispute the>r
ccrectne's, and oppose their imitation h re. But I
drop this argument. My present object is to enu-
merate the means which this new Administration
has raised, or is attempting to laise for itself. In
this point of * iew I limit myseU to the enumera-
tion of th's strange ¡tern, and set it dowri for a
single loan of one mill on of dollars, and its in-
terest for six months, making $1,030,000.
I proceed to ibe next item which I find in ihpse
famous n<?w books, na'nely: the loan bill for twelve
millions, winch we now have before us, and
which was the subject of such exterminating de-
bate on Friday and Saturday last. I do not re-
peat the arguments of my friends on that day—I
was n< t in that debate—but all America should
read them, and should learn tKe character *ind pre-
texts for this bill which calls for as mnch, lacking
one million, as the new powers pledged th-ai-
te'ves to carry on the Government a-whole year
upon, and this m addition to it *  means already
placed in iheir hands, The twelve millions if the
bill will make thirtj-tnree millions for ten months,
■which is at the rate of thirty r.ne millions per an-
num; the exact s>m*ihich Ivy U"truly charged
upon us, ?r>d which we, most trplv, prove upon
there' Tms i a fin  commentary upon pledges
made before the elec ion; but, let us pass on
Larse as th..itemi«, ltwdl lork ssia'l before I
am done vi'h the entries which a>*e found in
these near books. I proceed *  th the bill, and
do not repeat tbe arguments against it. I do
not reiterate what our friends have demonstrated,
namely: that the sum demanded is six: millions
more than the Secretary of the Treasury has al-
iedged tobe recessary .nhis report; that it is sine
