NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 01
Loan Bill—Mr. Benton.
13*___
27th Cong.' "1st Sess.
argument, and that it is the true and veritable deri-
vation of the fable of the milk maid and her basket
of eggs, the catastrophe of which is known to little
children by reading, and to grown men by bank-
ing; and which, it seems, the Federal Government
must now learn, through the fate of the Fiscal
<Ba k. [Mr. B. here read the fable of the milk
maid and her basket of eggs, for the instruction of
the champions of this fiscahty, and went on to say ]
The whole scheme of this Federal project of bank-
ing is as unconstitutional, in point of law, as it is
derogatory in character, fallacious m practice, and
disastrous in termination. This Federal Govern-
ment was not crca'ed for banking, and especially
for banking on borrowed money; and, above all,
it was not created to collect solid money from the
people, ar>d give it to corporators m exchange for
paper money, to be circulated to the exclusion of
the constitutional currency. But let us go on with
the inquiry on hand.
I now come to the third and last class of entries
in these new books, consisting of moneys, wasted,
squandered, or given away, or attempted to be
wasted, squandered, or given away, by those eco-
nomical gentlemen whose promises before the elec-
tion were so magnificent, and whose performance
since is so ridiculous. The first item under this
last head is for money wasted, to wit, about half a
million of dollars, for the expenses of this extra
session of Congress. This is a clear case of waste;
for thp session is far worse than ussless, and never
would have been held if the Democracy had con-
tinued in power, or if the counsels of the discreet
part of the Federalists had prevailed. We all
know how it came to be ordered, and now, as often
heretofore, I acquit the late President (General
Harrison) of all blame for it; holding it to be a
case in which he was justified in yielding to the de
cisión of a council.
The next item among these entries is the land
revenue, estimated at three and a half millions
per annum, nominally given to the Slates, but sub-
stantially to be transferred to the British holders of
State bond-, and to increase in their hands the
value of the securities which they have bought low,
and now want raised hijh. Counted for one year,
and this squandering is three and a half millions:
counted as representing a capital at six per cenlum,
and it would be fifty-eight millions of dollars No-
minally, the bill ha? a limitation to its duration, it
is limited to the commencement of a foieign power,
but the limilation is illusory If the land revenue-
goes once, it is gone forpver If this bill passes
now for annual distribution*, we shall have, next
year, bills to make a general distribution at once—
to kill the goose, and gst all her golden egtrs at once.
If we cannot retain this fund while we have it—
if we cannot apply it to the pubbc defences now,
while the lands are still m onr hands, according to
the patriotic motion of my colleague—if we can-
not do this now, the lands are gone forever, and
the customs and other revenue will follow.
What is absurdly called the debt due to the
States under the deporte act, for the fourth in-
stalment, is another item, found in a different form
in these new Treasury books The present Se-
cretary of the Treasury has found a new disposition
for this sum: he proposes to put it into the Trea-
sury bank, as so much stock subscribed on ihe part
of the States, and to punish those that will not ac-
cept the Bank by giving their share to States that
will accept. Here is seduction on one hand, and
chastisement on the other, and between the two,
the Secretary no doubt thinks all the Slates will
be brought into the snare, and accept the Bank—
that Bank tuhick lies behind the one now befóte the Se-
nate, and which is as much wwse than thai as ihe $u-
peraddition of fraud, brwery, treachery and hypociisy
can make worse an act originally bad Nine mil-
lions is the amount of this sum proposed to be
squandered as douceurs to the States, to go ftom
them t9 the British, «those agents have honored
this session of Congress with their attendance, and
who have applied to the new administrator  to as-
sume the State debts. Twenty seven millions
were deposited with the State  under sacred pro-
mises to restore it- the twent}-seven is not restored,
and the new powers propose to send nine more af-
jer them.
Then comes the proposition from the «ame Secre-
tary to borrow, or raise by duties, four millions of
dollars, and let it lie in the Treasury, tha' is to
say, in the Bank, as a reserved fund, not to be used
until necessity or some contingency should happen
to require it This reserve is proposed to be per-
manent—to lie m Bank always—and if used in a
contingency, to be immediately supplied by a new
deposite. I do not repeat my areuments against
the wisdom of such a proceeding I do not repeat
my arguments to show how much safer and cheaper
it would be to let this reserved fund remain in the
form of a power to borrow when necessary to fulfil
appropriations made by Congress, in which case it
would be forthcoming when wanted, and, in the
mean time, would be free from the contingency of
loss, and the certainty of interest, and the folly of
giving to a Bank the gratuitous use of four mil-
lions, either borrowed on interest, or raised from
the people by taxation I leave out these views,
and only enumerate the item as a squandering of
so much public money I only look now to its
amount, and this is great. If for only one year, it
would be four millions principal, and the interest,
but, being intended as a permanent provision, it
must be looked upon as an interest representing so
much capital This, at six per cent, would be
about sixiy-six millions of dollars
Having completed his detailed view of the
fiscal, or moneyed part of the entues in theie nr w
books, Mr B. then presented a condensed general
view of the same, by way of recapitulation, in
three tabular statements, as follows.
I. Table showing (he amou ht of the money, means,
and accruing revenue turned over to the new Ad-
ministration on the 4'h of March, 1841, to defray
the expenses of the Government for the remainder
of the year, being ten months:
1. Hard money in the Treasury            $646 P03
2   Unissued Tieasury notes                    413,598
3.  Authority to issue new Treasury
notes           .           .       .             5,000 000
4.  Receipts from customs, estimated 19,000 000
5.        Do   from lands,           do.         2,500,000
6.        Do   from miscellaneous
sources       .           ...        170,000
Total           .      .        $20,730 401
II. Table showing the amount of money raised, or
attempted to be raised, by loans, and taxes, and the
amount of burthens imposed, or attempted to be
imposed on the people, by the nsw Administration
at their extra session of Congress in 1841.

Amount
Interest
Inciden
tal      ex
pendes
Total
1   Loan authorized
m Bank charter
2    I oan authorised
m loin bill
3   Re issuable
Troaauiy rioter
4    The new tariff
>  First Bank sub
scuption
Spcond     Bank
pubsunption
7  Thndt'anksub
scription
«lOCOOOO
12,000 000
6 000 000
12 000000
10,000 000
6,666,666
11,000,000
«30,000
° 160,000
•500,000
10 000,000
6 666,066
11,000 000
1400,000
6,000000
2 000000
1,333,3:13
2,000 000
«1,030 000
15 560,000
6,300 000
18 000 000
22 000,000
14 333 333
24 000 000
8101 2 i 333
III. Tibie showing the amount of money wasted,
squandered, or given away, or attempted to be
wasted, squanderel, or given away by the new Ad-
mmimstration in the first half >ear of its existence,
and m the first session of its first Congress
1 Expenses of this extra session - $500 000
2. Land revenue, to be given away - 58 000,000
3 Fourth deposite instalment do - 9 000,000
4. Capital jíelding the reserved fund -    66,000 000
Total       -           $ 133 500,000
This, sir, is the result of the examination which
I have been able to make into these famous new
books which the Federalists were to open when
they got into power, and which were to separate,
as by a hish wall and a wide gap, the economy of
the new Administration from the extravagance of
July, 1841.
Senate.
ihe two past. These books have been open but a
few months—not yet half a year—and what are
their contents? Fast Twenty-one millions of dol-
lar, m money or means, which we lelt them for
ten months' expenditure, and which they declare to
be insufficient before the time is half out, and call
Congress together to grant new supplies. Se-
condly One hundred and one millions of burthen
imposed, or at.empted to be imposed, upon the
people, in order to raise, by loans and taxes, about
fiftj-seven millions of dollars for the Government
Thirdly: An annual waste of revenue and means
representing a capital, at simple interest, of one
hundred and thirty-three and a haif millions of
dollars. These three totals make a grand aggre-
gate of two hundred and torty-five millions of dol-
lar? as the amount which thesp economical gentle-
men—these thirteen million men—have used, or
raised, or squandered, or m pesed as burthens up-
on the people, or attempted to be so raised, squan-
dered, or imposed, in the first half year of their
reign They have done or attempted to do this,
and if they have not succeeded to the extent oí
their ^designs—if they have been frustrated >n
part—the praise is ours, no* their , for our opposi-
tiou—the Democratic opposition alone—has check-
ed their headlong course, and partly saved the
country
This is the view of the fiscal or moneyed entries
which I find in these books, but I also find another
class of entries there — a political class —
which neither time noi parliamentary rule
will permit me now to examine. I can
oihy group these political entries into a single
picture at this time, leaving the detailed examina-
tion which they merit to a more propitious season.
Thev consist of the whole mass ot measures of the
old Federal «ehool of 1791 and 1798, reinforced
and aggravated by select items collected ftom the
whig times of Sir Robeit Walpole, and the h gn
Tory times of Queen Anne. Among these politi-
cal entries we find national Bank—national debt—
national taxation—exclusive privileges and mono-
polies—the funding system—paper system, and
stock jobbing—the union of Bank and State—su-
premacy of corporations, and the immunity of cor-
porators—committees on currency, to banish the
constitutional eurrency, and to change our hard-
money Government into a paper money machine,
to be governed by a Bank president and hi? direc-
tors, with their attorneys, debtors, and jobbers—
squandering tn corrupt schemes at home, or in sub-
servience to foreigners, the revenue which shou'd
be given to the public defences at home, and then
supplying us loss by loans and taxes—assump-
tion of Slate debts on the doman:! of foreign-
ers—Londoi bank-rs appearing as. lobby mem-
bers in the gaberies oi Congress—cowardice
abroad, tyranny at home—good men chased from
oflice, bad put into iheir places—secret committees,
and vacation committees, to give employment to
parlisans, and to hunt up charges against Republi-
can'—political offences created by Executive ed ct,
in v olation of the Constitution, and for the revival
of the sedition law, to be enforced against Demo-
crats alone, to be tried ex parte, and to be of ex pot'
facto operation—universal persecution oi thf De-
mocracy—Federalists put into office for frauds at
elections, Democrats turned out for vo mg fiirly—
natfal and military officers threatened witn dismr-
sion for political offences unknown to trie Cons ¡tu-
tion of the country, or to the rules and articles of
war, or to the navy regulations—abolition of debts
at the will of the debtor, under the name of a gene-
ral bankrupt law—the Departments at Washmgion
converted into magazine* for scandal, fthere dela-
tors, informers, libellers, and office hunters file
their false ard secret denunciatioas against the De-
mocrats, whom they hate, or whose offices they
love—hypocr sy, dissimulaaon, treachery, corrup-
tion, the falsification of every promise made belore
the election, and the fulfilment of every charge de-
nted—a rump Congress usurping power, and en-
deavoring to plunder and manacle posterity, and
changing a limited Republican Government of the
people into an unlimited oligarchy of scrub and
scrip aristocrats. Such is the picture, briefly and
imperfectly sketched, which the first half year's en-
tries in the political part of these new books pre-
