July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cohg""1&t Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
rity in the Union to have, to hold, and to dispose
of them. AH this has been ably dene by many
other gentleman much more familair wih the sub-
ject, and much more competent to the task. It
will be sufficient for ray purposes on this occasion,
merely to state, as the conclusion to which my mind
has arrived, on a candid and faithful examination
of the matter, that to use the public domain seems
to be the same as any other public property, and
not distinguishable from it, either as to the right
of the Government to held it, or their power to dis-
pose of it. We have and hold those knds fcr the
use of the Union, and for no other use or purpose
whatever, nor have we any right or power to
assign them to any duty O'her than the common
duty, belonging to all the other nu-ney or property
of ths nation. It is nxtional property to be used
for national purpeses. All the pictures which have
been held up before us of vested rights in the
donor*—special funds—conditions of donation—
resulting trust , and specific appropriations as ap-
plicable to these lands, vanish, and quite disap-
pear before the light of history; and in? uniform
practice of the Government from its beginning,
which has ever been to use the lands themselves,
and their avails for the public service atone.
Some gentlemen have contended that the States
have an equitable interest, an equity in these lands,
different and distinct ¡rom any interest they may
be supposed to have in any other money or property
belonging to the Union; but I can see none in this
case, more than in any other. The Union holds
this property as it does all its other property, for the
sake of the Union, for the common use and be-
nefit of the Union alone; whether the public pro-
perty has been acquired by union, or by purchase,
by direct taxation or by imports, I can see no dif-
ference in regard to it, or to our power over it, or the
use to which we are bound to apply it. It has been
said by sc me on this ñeor, that this Government holds
fhispartieularproperty, these rarida,only asatruetee.
I would ask it is is not as much a trustee over all
the property it holds? Is not this Government a
trustee m every sense and attribute of the term?
What is the Constitution itself but a deed of trust,
conferring powers and imposing duties for the be-
nefit of the whole couutry? There is no feature in
our entire system of Government that is not marked
and stamped with the same common characteristic
of a trust—the whole is a trust, but a trust for the
benefit of the people, and not of the property of the
country.                                                   *
It has not been contended on any hand, that this
Government has the brosd right te give away the
public property, unless it be for some public ser-
vice, or as an equivalent for some legitimate ad-
vantage to the country at large. Most gentlemen
admit that we have no constitutional power to give
away the public money as a gift, but, by some me-
taphysical process, they arrive at this strange result
that, while we cannot lawfully give away to the
States three millions of dolhrs, or even one dollar
in money, we can give away the proceeds of the
public lands: that we can say the States shall have
out of the Treasury so much money as the public
lands bring into it, (and which it is supposed will
amount to about three millions a jear,) but we can-
nst say that the States shall have oat of the Trea-
sury three millions of dolíais a year. And on such
a distinction as this, they seek to justify their votes
for the distribution—literaliy a distinction without
a difference. It remind me of an anecdote told me
yesterday by a gentleman who sits opposite to me,
and who is as much my opposite m politics, as he
is in place. A man named McCany was brought
before a n.agislrate for an assault; and the witness
to prove it, passed throogh a long direct examina-
tion, and in it, stated t*i .t the complainant had
said to McCarty, in the course of thru dispute,
"McCarty, come owl here." He was subjee'ed to a
long,rigid cr,s:<-examina!ion,andtheonly difference
that could be made in, his s:ory was, that ¡n nauat-
ing the transaction over the second time, he used
the expres.ion, "come out here, McCarty," instead
of the one he had first repeated. The counsel for
the accused, having no other flaw to pick in his
testimony, strongly urged this discrepancy as de-
stroying his whole story; whereupon the justice, a
worthy son of the Emerald Isle, and with the am-
bition of his countrymen, not to say that of a judge,
unwilling to appear less sagacious than the lawyers
before htm, says sternly to the witness, "Now, wit-
ness, tell me precisely, did he say "Come out here,
McCarty," or "McCarty, come out here," for it
makes, you will perceive, a material difference in
the eye of the law."
Such, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me, is the ma-
terial difference in this case, between giving to the
States three millions in money out of the Treasury,
or giving to them three millions out of the Treasu-
ry from the proceeds of the sales of the public
land?. It mast be a difference, in the eye of the
law, entirely, a difference made to suit the neces-
sity of the case—to accommodate the difficulty of
the occasion—for to the plain sense of the commu-
nity, to the comm'n sense of the Constitution-and
the people, there can be no distinction made in the
moneys in the Treasury, or our power over them,
whether they come from customs, lands, or any
other source. By the terms of t!.e Constitution,
Congress may borrow tnoner, but I find no clause
in that instrument where it has authority to give
the money away. Congress is not a trustee over
the public property, fcr the purpose of giving it
away; and, to my mind, there is no difference in
principle brtween collecting money by imposts or
direct taxes to givs it away, and selling the pub-
lic lands, to distribute the proceeds a' them among
the several S ates. In my humble judgment, it
would be as right in principle, and as wise in po-
licy, to levy a direct tax on the people, and then j
give the money to the States, as to carry out the !
system which the bill is designed to establish.
But admitting, for the present occasion, that,
under the Constitution, Congress has the abstract
and actual right to collect money from the people,
and then lo give it away; I would then ask if there
is no such thing as an unconstitutional mode of ex-
ercising a constitutional rower? Because we pos-
sess a certain power under the Constitution, can
we, therefore, exercise that power at all times, and
on every occasion, r>r are not thess powers given to
us only and solely to be used when an emergency
calls for and justifies their exercise? The Constitu-
tion, for example, gives Congress power to declare
war. Can we, therefore, declare a perpetual war,
and against all the woJd? Congress has power to
call out the militia. Can you, therefore, con-
stitutionally keep them eternally in the field?
Gentlemen will hardly maintain such a po-
sition. This Government is clothed with cer-
tain powers to meet emergencies—to meet
those changes in the condition ef our own and
other countries, which must be ever occurring.
These powers aredormant, until circumstances call
for their exereis ; and to decide wnen they do, and
the time, mode and exten', to which they shall be
employed, is left to the wisdom of Congress, and
constitute what may be termed its lrgal discretion. -
I hold that it is as truly unconstitutional to exer-
cise a granted power, when there is no occasion or
necessity to do it, as it is to assert a power never
granted. It is not a breach of the letter of the in-
strument, but the spirit; the moral essence of the
compact is infringed and trampled in ihe dust.
No abuses, no wrongs, are so dangeious to public
liberty, as those which are prrpetrated under the
forms of law, and by the perversion of power to
other purposes than those for which it was confer-
red. And I cannot but regard the present propo-
sition as a case of that very kind. Admitting that
ws have power to give away the public money, it
could not have been contemplated that we would
do so, when there was none to give; and we must
first borrow the money in older to bestow it; and it
must be unconstitutional in principle and sub-
stance, if not in form and letter, to giveaway thsse
national resources, when the Treasury is empty
and a bill is already reported for a twelve million
loan to supply the deficiency.
Some gentlemen have endeavored to persuade
us that this measure was one of a very Democratic
charactsr. Now I belong to the party called De-
mocratic, (or if it please some men more, Loco
Foco,) and I am not ashamed of their principles,
or any name they bear; but it certainly has never
entered into our comprehension, that this was a
Democratic measuie.    We have not thus read the
Constitution; it is to that instrument we look from
whence to derive our notion as to what are our
powers, our policy, and our principle. And what
is the fundamental principle of that whole in-.
strament? Certainly not that which lies at
the foundation of the monarchies and aris-
tocracies of Europe, for our Government it
founded on a new principle—it is based on a doc-
trine novel in the world. In the tyrannical Go-
vernments of the old world they are, ignorant of
the very dements on which we rest all our politi-
cal institutions. With them it is the settled prin-
ciple that all which the people have, they have
from the throne; but here the doctrine is directly
the reverse—that all the power which the Govern-
ment holds, it holds from the people. All our
power is derived from the consent of the people,
and is to be employed as they direct, and for their
welfare alone. We have nothing but what they
have given us; nor have we any right to use it for
other objects than such as they prescribe. Go-
vernment with us has not been formed to see how
much power could be placed in its hands, but with
how little it can be made to answer its legitimate
ends. In our free country we hold that the Go-
vernment should be weak, and the people strong.
In the old world, the policy is to have the Govern-
ment strong, and the people weak. How does
this bill, in its principle and in its results, agree
with this great cardinal, fundamental maxim of
American freedom? Does it not palpably contra-
dict it in every aspect and at every point? Does it
not take money from the people with one band, to
give it back to them with the other? exact from
one class of citizens to distribute to another; and
rob the many to enrich the few? Does it not teach
the people to look to the Government as some vast
machine, whose action may control them in all the
concerns of life, and enter by secret or open influ-
ence into each individual's particular affairs? Does
it not lead to a direct dependence of the people on
the Government, instead of making the Govern-
ment dependent on the people? Sio such measure
can be Democratic, for it is hostile and dangerous
to every sentiment ef liberty—every feeling of
freedom.
Our Government is an experiment, and the most
glorious in the annals of "the world. Its object is
to try with how little power a Government can be
administered, and how much of freedom can be
left and secured to every individual. That part of
it which we call the General Government, was
formed by the States, for the purpose of protect-
ing us against foreign difficulties and dangers; and
the State Governments have the double duty of
providing for our internal protection and defending
themselves against the encroachments of this ge-
neral power. Protection to the people is the sole
object in either case and either Government; and
no more power is or was meant to be given than
was indispensable to that result. The people
made the State Governments—the State Govern-
ments made the General Government. Ail which
either has, or can have, is and must be derived
from the people. The people have given, and
must give, every thing to the Government; the Go-
vernment cannot and ought not to give any thing
to the people; for if it does, whatever it gives to
one, must have been taken from the others; and
our Governments can have nothing to give away,
for they have no right to take more than
they want themselves. To carry out these plain
aud simple objects we have constructed our forms
of government, and, in order to reach these results,
and not go beyond them, we have made a compli-
cated machinery, to check and limit its own active
¡>cope and power down to the very ends for which
it was created, the few purposes it was formed to
fulfil. The complication of the machine was not
made to enlarge and fortify its motion and power,
but to limit and weaken both—to keep them with-
in the strict confines of their appointed orbit, and
forever dependent on; and subordinate to the peo-
ple. And to secure this end, this Government is
mads dependent on the State Governments, in or-
der that tbey may watch its course, and protect the
people and themselves from its encroachments
and oppression. This is the intorming soul, the
vital principle, the living genius of the whole gys-
