136
2fTH Cong.......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Loan Bill—Mr. Eastman.
July, 1841.
H. of Reps,
tern—that this Government is dependent on the
Smtes,ánd not the Slates dependent upon it. The bill
before us saps this principle, both in regard to
the Geaeral and State Governments. It inculcates
the dependence of the States on the Federal Go-
vernment, instead of the dependence of the
Federal Government on the States. It throws
power by necessity into this Government. I
cannot contemplate it as some gentlemen
seem to regard it; I look upon it as the com-
mencement of a system fatal to liberty. Had
I not taken this view of it, I should have been
content to remain silent, and vine against its adop-
tion; bat I cannot sit in silence and see fastened on
my country a system of measure s which goes to
change the Constitution, and to subvert all the
principles sf civil liberty—to keep up a Democracy
of forms while we have an Aristocracy in fact and
substance.
Some gentlemen fancy that this bill will have no
consequences beyond itself—that it will end with
the payment of the money, and introduce no new
principle into the country, and have no influence
upon any other matters. But is that the wise fore-
sight which belongs to and becomes a prudent Le-
gislature'! How long will it be, after this Govern-
ment has taken upon itself to pay money to the
States, to enable them to pay the interest of their
debts, before the States will come here and say to
us, if you pay our interest, why may you not as
well pay the principal, and have done with it? The
assumption of State debts follows as an inevitable
consequence from the passage of this bill, for it
concedes the whole principle of that measure, and
that measure subverts ihe Constitution, and poi-
sons the legislation of the Union. It will give to
this Government a power over the States, destruc-
tive of their constitutional action in our system, for
it will be the worst of all powers—the power ef
corruption—which buys when it cannot reason,
and bribes when it cannot buy—a power which is
never idle, and never content, but which eternally
toils for its own increase, and against whoss en-
croachments the people must keep a sleepless
watch, or bid adieu forever to their much-loved
freedom. I consider this bill as aiming a fatal
blow at the rights of the States—at their indepen-
dence, their safety, and their power—and, as a
States Right man, I make an open, early, and un-
dying opposition to it in every aspect and in every
form.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, in the next place, to
advert to the influence and effects which this dis-
tribution must have upon what are commonly
termed the tariff interests of the country—that por-
tion of our inhabitants who are supposed to be
benefited by a higii rate of dunes, and.many of
whom undoubtedly advocate this measure, because
they fancy that the imposts must be raised, if the
proceeds of the lands are given away to the States.
I am, sir, an anti-tariff man mjself, and have been
so ever since, some years ago, I diligently read
Niles's Register for the period of a year, and I de-
sire to give that work the credit of my conversion;
for it proved so much—too much for that system,
that it made me an infidel as to the whole of it,
and turned my attention to the opposing doctrines,
in which my faith has become fully settled. Still,
sir, I would protect manufactures just as we pro-
tect every ether interest in the country; and I
would be the last man to sanction any inroads
upon what, by the past policy of the Government,
they have been allowed, or may hereafter claim.
It is with me a general principle, that steadiness, 
so far as it can be attained, is of the last impor-
tance in every department of business, and in re-
gard to the tariff, above all other things, it is of
Vital consequence that there should be no sudden
and violent changes, but tha>, whenever they are
made, they should be prospective, slow, gentle,
gradual, and almost imperceptible. Nothing but
the strongest public necessity should ever induce a
great change in the duties, whether it be a rise or
fall of them; for any such change must, whether it
be a depression or elevation, derange for the time,
and in proportion to its own extent, the business
and labor and capital of the wbo'e community.
Now there are three sources of revenue known to
the Constitution, and on which ¡he Government
must rely; namely, that from customs, from the
public lands, and from direct taxation. No Ad-
minis-tration will resort to direct taxation in time
of peace—none could stand that did it—and that
leaves the Government solely dependent on the two
other means of support which have been named.
How can the advocates of a high protective tariff
of prohibition consent to give away the public
lands, when that must leave the Government
wholly dependent on the tariff for revenue? Do
they not well know that a tariff can yield revenue
only while it is kept on middle and moderate
grounds; that if the duties are set too high, it prevents
all importations, and yields nothing; and if it set
too low, it yields too little. If the lands are given
away, and for any cause we should wish to prohi-
bit or diminish a particular branch of importation
yielding any considerable duty, it could not be
done without resorting to a direct tax or a public
debt—either of these alternatives, which it is to
be hoped our people will rarely endure. We have
no practicable reliance, if we wish to make any va-
riation of the tariff, but in the public lands. Nor
is this all: there is a consideration connected
with this subject, of sufficient importance, in
my view of it, to well deserve the attention of
every tariff and anti-tariff man, and it is this: that
you never can maintain permanently in this
country a high protective tariff. On that subject
public sentiment is fixed—the thing cannot be
done. But to this I will merely allude; and taking
that as granted, and that for the present at least,
the tariff must be regulated with a view to revenue
alone, let me ask if it be not of the utmost impor-
tance that it should be kept uniform, fixed, and
free from fluctuation? Every change—every va-
riation in your duties, is an immense injury to
your manufacturing interest; and least of all can
they endure constant alterations, continual irregu.
larity—up a little this year, down the nex1—and
then back again or higher in successive fluctua-
tions. Now if we make this Government depen-
dent on the tariff alone for its means of support,
do we not of necessity produce and perpetuate this
very state of things? The expenses of the country
will be ever varying from year to year, and con-
tingencies will continually occur to increase or
diminish its wants. You cannot regulate your ta-
riff with that keen eye of prescience which will ex-
actly meet the wants of the Government, year af-
ter year; but you will be compelled to make con-
tinual and frequent changes in your duties to meet
their ever changing wants. Besides all which, the
foreign trade itself is ever varying, and will be no
small disturbing cause, by varying the receipt?.
I would therefore urge that it were a better and
wiser policy to retain these lands as a reserve
fund, to meet and accommodate these changes in
you other income, and thus leave the tariff to
stand uniform and unchanged.
I have, Mr. Chairman, but a few words more lo
offer on the present occasion. I regard this bill
as only a part of an entire system of that stupen-
dous whole, which a majority of the majority
which brought this Administration into power, de-
sire and design to impose upon the country. In-
dications not tobe mistaken, plainly foretell us that
this measure will be followed, if it be not accom-
panied by those kindred schemes—a National
Bank, a national debt—a protective tariff—a na-
tional bankrupt law—and the whole family of
Federal policy anl practice, to make a strong
Government over the people, a system which the
country cannot endure and be free,' or be free and
endure. I will not believe, until it is done, that
that system can be, or is to be, now consummated
upon the country. I regard that system as tend-
ing to throw power into the hands of this Govern-
ment by abstracting it from the people, to bring
the action of the Government into the immediate
contact with the business and labor of the commu-
nity. It aims, through the agency of the money
power, and by an artificial mode of commerce
and banking, to control the labor, to shape the busi-
ness, and to manage the real estate of every in-
dividual, and thus ruling the labor, the business,
and the property of the people, to rule the country
—to establish a power superior to the people, and
omnipotent for their ruin.   Against such a system
this country offers peculiar and insurmountable
objections. If it will do (or others, it will not an-
swer for us. There is an essential, a vital differ-
ence between the American pe-ple and all the other
inhabitants of the globe. We are reared and edu-
cated under different influences, principles,! and
opinions. Other nations, the sluggish subjects of
despotic Governments, may need some powerful
stimulant—some potent impulse from their Go-
vernment, to awaken them to industry, and
to direct their enterprise. But it is not so with us;
our condition and our character are both peculiar.
Americans srring into men as it were from the
cradle. An American of fifteen i«, in activity,
resources, self-reliance, enterprise, versatality, and
capacity for business—more a man than the ave-
rage of Europeans at twice that age; and it will
not do to apply to us the measures and the policy
which may be adapted to the spiritless and down
trodden subjects of the decaying empires of the old
work'. Such a sy&tern must be unfitted to us, to
our circumstances and condition; and if it is
brought to bear on this infant, rising, growing,
country, us only en>ct will be, and must be, to
make us rotten, before we can be ripe.
SPEECH OF MR. EASTMAN,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In the Home of Representatives, July 9, 1841—Oa
the bill authorizing a loan of twelve millions of
dollars.
Mr. EASTMAN said it was not often that he
attempted to address the House upou any of the
subjects that came up for consideration, and that
even when he did, he was seldom suceessfulin ob-
taining theflojr. As a general thing, he was content
with remaining at his post, watching narrowly the
current of events and the bearings and effects
which the proposed measures would have upon the
interests of bis constituents and the country, and
giving such a vote as he believed those interests
and that country required. Nor did he propose
now to enter very extensively into the examination
of the bill under consideration. TJnds-r the present
dynasty, this was impossible. The recently enacled
gag-law, which the majority had determined should
govern the deliberations of this body, established
now for the first time since the formation of this Go-
verameM,anú which the monarchies oí Europe even,
have nevf r dared to introduce into their legislative
rul^s, precluded all possibility of that elucidation
and exposition of subjects so absolutely necessary
for their full and thorough understanding, and so
essential in pre-ervinc; the rights of the people.
Still as he believed this measuie to be unjust in its
inception, mischievous in its tendencies, and
fraught with evil to the well being and permanency
of this Government, he deemed it his duty to oc-
cupy the few moments that were allotted to him,
in exposing its fallacies, aid pointing out to the
the country the iniquity of the measure.
Sir, said Mr. E. 1 am not one of those who think
with the gendeman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gushing,] who hss jast taken his seat, that this is
a small matter; that we should dispose of it at once,
and proceed ro other business. Sir, it may suit the
feelings of the gentleman, and his Whig friend*, to
call it a triflin'Z affair. It may be in accordance
with their views and sentiments. Twelve millions
ef dollars may seem a i-mall matter with them; but
1 can tell the gentlenun that the people, who have
got to pay this money, and the interest upon the
same, of about seven hundred and twenty thousand
dollars a year, for fight years, which the bill pro-
poses, will vie'.v it m an entirely different light.
Th¿ tax-payers, the producers, the hard hands that
have got, by labor and toil, to earn this money,
will esteem it no light and trifling affair, but one
that should receive our gravest consideration, and
not be adopted without the most mature delibera-
tion. If there is any question that comes before
this body that should make it pause in its course
and inquire with anxious and honeft solicitude into
the necessity of the measure, it is that of taxation.
It was that question which gave birth to this nation;
and I warn the gentleman Irom Massacbuseltsand
his Wixg friends to beware how they trifle with it.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts not only
urges this measure to be hastily disposed of, as a
