July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
2/th Coj4®.".1st Syss.
Loan Bill—Mr. Eastman.
H. of Reps
trifling affair, bat lie undertakes to read to gentle-
men who have preceded him sn  the debate a lec-
ture upon the propriety of the course whici they
have *een fit to pursue, and he c Us upon those
who are to fol'ow hurt in the discussion, to debate
the bill, and not politics    But, sir, no sooner does
the honorable gentleman, with that modesty so pe-
culiar to   himself, and   of whicn  we have fre-
quent exhibition-,   conclude  h.b   homily   to  his
predecessors   m   the debate, and   lay down the
rules for  those who are  to succeed   bim, than
he dashes ofl, full tilt, against the last Administra-
tion, determine! to prove, that if his lectere was
not applicable to any other one, it certaml} =houl 1
be to himself     And let me assure the gentleman
that weie it not for the very course which he i n-
self has taken, much which I may «ay would not
have been thought of or uttered. As it is, howtver,
I shall endeavor to confine myself as cío ely as
may bs'o the bul ui.d rconsideration, Í rlviewittj
be a measure too portentous in its c jes^querces not
to be examined  as fully as the  time will permit.
The gen'knian from Massachusetts tells u  that
when Mr Van  Buren came into  power on   the
4th of March, 1837, there were  in   the   Trea-
sury o^er  «eventeen millions of  dohar-      The
honorable S ere «try of the Treasury, for reason 
best kno'vn to himself, gives us the same informa-
tion in his report     He goes further, sir, and also
mforJis us that other means came into the Tiea-
sury during Mr VanBuien's administration, over
and above the current revenues, and that during
the past four years, the expenditures were pu-hed
beyond the current revenue o an amount excee i-
mg thirty one millions.   Why tae Secretary should
de'm. it necessary to travel out of the regular and
priper course cf his report up n the present State
of the finances to make an ill beral ¿nd deceptite
thrust at the last Adm nistration, it  is difficult to
perceive    I can Te*di!y imagine, ho "ever, that a
gentleman, sj well skilled awl so well exper erced
in the various brancnes ot modern f nancienng as
the honorable Secretary is sa d to be, wou d look
upon it as a very adroit manoeuvre to fix pub
he attention upon the  past Administration  for
the purpose of  concealing the iniquities of the
present     But,  sir,  before   proceeding  fur her
with this position of the Secretary and the gentle-
man irom Massachusetts, let me no e one fact.   It
is so seldom that the Democratic partv ob'ain any
credit from their opponents, even D) inadve- ence,
that I deem it worthy of an epi-ode.   Sn, th" fac'
is this, that we hav<¡ it heie asserted by the Wing
Secretary of the Treasury, and by the gentleman
from Mas achus*. ts, who i, claimel by his incnds
to be the present leader of New  England Fet'e
ralism, and whose  t 'e  to  that high distinction I
certainly shall not question, althougn some of the
Whig party may, that on toe fouith  of March,
1837, the time mat General Jseason  gave up 'he
honor* of office, and  Mr   Van Buren  assumed
them, there were in the Trea ury  seventeen mil
lion? of dollars    Thus, -ir, do  wo  have it ad
m.tte i, nay, moie, asserted by h gh Whig autio
rity, thai during the eight years of Genera) J. ck-
sott's admimsttat on,  the publio debt which had
been incurred by the expen es of the last war had
become extinguished, the expenditures of the G-
vernment pud, and a surplus of seventeen m '
lions left m thsTrtasuiy    While,  iherelore, the
beeretary, by his unices ary, nrcalled for, ard
illiberal sta'ements, relative to the past four years,
has created  a  false  impression upon  the public
mind relative to Mr. Van Baren and his ad-mt is-
tration, he has, veiy unwittingly, no doubt, pjid a
high comphmnnt to the administration of General
Jackson and the Democratic party
But, sir, to re'urn to the position of the honora-
ble gentleman from Massachusetts and the hono-
rable Secretary of the Treasury They ted us that
during the four years of Mr. Van Buren's admims
¡ration, 'he ' excess of expenditure over the current
revenue" amounts to thuty one million  ot dollars,
and thus, a' the first glance, creating the ímpies-
sion that Mr Van Buren and his administration
had run the country indebt to lhatamount But let
us examine the Secretary's figures and see wbarthey
nrove. He informs us that there were in the Trea-
sury on the 4th of March, 1837, seventeen millions
of dollars, (I u,e the round numbers for the pur-
pose of being as m'eil g.ide as  m*/b ,) u>v be-
tween the  4 h of March,   1857,  and ihe 4th of
March,  1841, there  were paid into  the Treasury
"from otner se urces than those of the  c"dmary
revenue," nine mi lions more, mak.rg twenty six
millions, and that, m add tion to these tsventy- ix
millions, there were also is tied within that pent d
and outstanding on the 4th of March, 1841, Trea-
sury notes to the amount of over five millions,
making the thirty one millions    This is his state
of the Base, and from whien he very sigmfienntly,
and with apparent exjl'aaon, exclaims "Thus and
to tins extent, within th" last fotr years, were the
etpenditur s pushec beyond the amount of th<- re-
venue "   Bit, sir, gi e tne S cruny the full be-
nefit of his figures, and what do they provt?   That
tae last Admims^atirn left the counfy  in  debt
thirty-one millions'   No, s r, no such thing   Tiey
do not prove t. at ¡t was left n debt e.en to  the
amcunt wh ch this bill c ai a-    But it  they pi o/e
any thing, it is tha' tn*reisa floating deM,  not
now due, of about five m ihrus    For, sir, let it be
observed, that ihe Secretary =avs th?t seventeen
im'hons «ere in tie Tres  ury at ti« commence-
ment of the fo ir year ;, and tha' n ne million* more
ware  paid in from sources where toe money was
die    Tiese t o oiras,  making t-ventj-six mil-
lion', were to mach  money on hanJ, not  bor-
rowed, bu' the money of th  G ivernment, and the
five milho is of outstanding Treasury nutes  not
yet   payable,    make    up    th    thir y one    m I-
hons, which   the ¡Secretary with su^h a flourish
introduces rn'o bis report.    The twenty six mil-
lions the Government had a right to expend if ne-
cessary, no debt wn created by so doing, and the
five m ' ions oe Treasury notes are a m re te nf0
riry losn, to oe paid vh n dti« out of fe cur en'
revenues     S ill, t^r   cent tman   from  Mi saehu-
«etrs, in  bis  usja!  emp'-'i c manner, echoes ihe
cVi^e of t'ieS-erertry, lings the changes upon the
manner in which the expenditur-s have been push-
ed beyond the current revenues, and contends not
indeed from these gratia ous figures of the Secreta-
ry, but from o her portioi= o" tne report, that there
is a debt of twel/e million .    Before concladmsr, I
shall take occasion to examine tie da'a upon whi"h
the „entleman ba*es his twelve • linns an i prove,
to the sat sfac ion of my own mind at lea t, that
iheyare wh ut foundvion     But, for the presen',
let it b  admitted, for ihe^a'e of  arau-nent thi>
tpere is a d( bt, as th" gentlem?n alleges, let i' be
admitted, a'so, that during the last four year , the
expenditures were "pushed," as ths Secretary says,
and as the gentleman, apparently «.«i prised a' d in-
dignant at Hi   fact, s1 o chJige     Sr, Task  the
gen leman row tbi   vate oí ¡o t° , Wu ch he sa\s
exists, was brought abo M?    H", sir, was a mem-
Wr of Co^grcs-s   dung  the   vn 'e   four   >ejrs.
Neih rwas  he   an   ir 1 fferen'  spectator  of   the
events of that period     Tien, as no\v, he was an
active member.   H s voice a.id 'is tte were *1-
wajs m  readmit, s-nd he   knons   rgn'wd    the
whole roKt'er    Sir, h  ean correct m* i*" t 'a    nto
any errors  m  tri   rg h  histin of   th^t ie wd
When Mr Vin Buren carre into pov rcntn>4th
«f \iarch, 1837, tl ere were in th" Treasury ac-
cording to th   stae'p  n of the Slc   fry, sev n een
millions of do'lar«     This mift  i' írugh nomi-
nallv m the Treasury rí  he ü    e) ?ta es, roa' not
in 'pa! ty there    it wps deposite J ,1 < ?nous banks
throughout the the Unon, to be   Ira vn out ana
used by the Governrr-en as it «ho lid uquite    On
the 9th of May foi o" irg, in th" short s iace of two
months anl fived?>s, he whol <=evenbundled aiid
seventy-eight bank  of the Union—that bemg the
number then in exisience—n'h s-arce a solitary
cxc°ption, suspended specie payrrtfms    And thus,
s r was the Gove nveit, in one sfrgle i a/ deprived
of aUnoat ¿II it  entire irean-   On he 8 h of May it
had abundance, millions were at it„  command
On th  10 h without anj fault if its o-vo, i was
compl°te!v bankrupt, made so, t o, by o-e   f the
most fa'thle s a^ts tnat the hisrrv cf nations or
of individuals recoids      I will u >t po  into  the
causes of that suspension by the banks.    Its histo-
ry is familia' to all.    None can ¡orret  the clash
or  the consternation thit folio vcd.    I will only
state one  fact, when i , that with only here and
there an honorab e exception, these seven hundred
and seienty-eight banks, then in existence, and
wielding a copi al of ov^r two nundred and ninety
millions, were in the hands of the opponents, of
Mr Van Buren. J will add one other, which I
believe is now admitted by all, that the United
States Bank was chiefly instrumental in bringing
about that su pension, and keeping it up to the la-
test day, and I will thpn submit it to the country to
say, whtther there was amy design on the part of the
ba'iki lo break dotvn Mr Van Buren's adrmm-
s rat on and the Democratic party I have said,
& r, that it wa< on tbe 9th of May that this robbery
took place Th H dtpnved of its means and crip-
pled in its resojrcss, Mr Van Buren found him-
self competed to a semble Congress on the first of
Septemoer lol owing, to provide wa>s and means
foi earr)ing on the Government In obedience
to f>e call, Congress assembled, and to supply the
d.ficiency in tos Treasury, resortfd lo Ihe expedi-
ency of Treasu y notes I believe they acted
wisely in so i'oidj Althongi the banks had sus-
pended, it was supposed they woull, in due lime,
refund tne money m their ¡.ossession and thereby
furnish the means b/ whicn the Government would
be enabled to take up tl e notes Tue banks then
were the first ca ¡se of the embarrassments of the
la t Adorniotration, and the first caise of its issu-
ing Treasury no cs
No sooner was the extra «ess'on of 1837 called,
and par íes began to develope themselves, than It
was found that the Democratic parly was in a mi-
nority.    The first stnetly party vote tiken was that
foi pr nt«r, and the Federalists  and Conservatives
united, dtfeated the Democratic part), and elected
ih  coalit on candidate    Ti e   Wh gs—though  I
am not sure, s r, that such  wis the r name then,
for, mde *,  fe> c1 a ge so of en that it is  d fficu't
to ke p pace \v  H hem—or ' is National Republi-
cans, or be Adams men, or  the Federalists, and
tha', s r I believe to be the true name, and  the
more respectable in fast, and is what    I intend
to   tail tnem—unied wi!h  what   the venerable
gentleman fro-n Massachu etts [Mr   Adams] was
pleased the   other  day to   call  the  Cab party,
trurmhed   m   that   election,   and   ever   after
hal   the  complete   contro'  of  the  Twenty-fifth
Congress    The majo-i'y for their candidate over
thj of i! e Democratic party was twelye, and in all
of the great metsurts the ealter fey showed at
ever> vo'e a m->jontv ot trom twelve to twenty.   I
have had occ«ion, si-, to 'ook at th s ma er before.
I base exam ned the journals and the ys"s and
nays on ne vinous vetes ai d I know   whereof I
affi m, and I sla eit withcat tear oi oniradiciion,
that dur ng the Sr^* two ye rso  Mr Van Buren's
administra ion, embrac ng rte three ses >ons of the
25 h Congress, the De  oc¡ai c party were in a dead
minority ot all important votes    The Federal par-
ty rtigred triumphant m this Hall, and "pushed"
th*    apprcpianns    and   expenditures   to    suit
therowncu.uL*     Du  u« those two years, when
hi  jisriym   hu  n the a c"ndant,appropri«.t on
bills pas "J Co g-ess to  the .\ ■'i.n n of seventy-
five mi'non twt hundiel s xty moe thousand and
twentj-eight dolíais     Passed u >, sir, by the votes
o' m  Ttdeial pa ty, and could not have been
pis, d without tlem     And vvhat is sfill more, ihe
name o  0,-lth Cashing is rot recorded against a
s ngte d l!af   of the e appropnati ns     Does the
gf'iHem n rwv Massachusetts call this "pushing"'
H w d<>re he,sn, with "ich 'acts before him, and
tt-erecorls  tiring him ¡n ihe face, charge upon
ttu   ast Administra i n that they "pu bed" the ex-
pend t 'res beyond the revenue?   With  what au-
dacty, wi'h what barefaced effrontery, I had al-
mrst said with wmtdishotesty, does the gentle-
man make this charge?   S r, ! heard it uttered fo
oftfiidurug the ¡ast Pie* denial canvass—"ex-
pcPd ures," "extras aganre," "debt"—so wiqked-
1\  f^bely, an 1 mal'ciously uttered, by  men, too,
vhokiewit to be false, that  I am ímpment at
anv reoetition of it here    I marvel,  s.r, that  the
gentleman tiom Massachu it s oecup ng  the po-
si'ion that he dt es in regard to   h    approp utions,
should risk his reputan a by a iing, ' Who  cre-
a ed the debt?"
At the last  Congrti«,  ¡he Democratic party
had a majwity, small mdeed, but true, and to
