140    __________________    APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.                _____ July, 1841.
27th Cong....1st Sess.                              Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr.  Ward.                                                        Senate.
Sir, not only did tne honorable gentleman ftom
New York labor with assiduous tact, to make out
a national debt, but other honorable gentlemen
of the last Congress engaged in  the same lau-
dable undertaking, although arriving at different
results    An honorable eentlemanfrom Tennessee,
now Secretary of war, [Mr. Bell] enteied with
minuteness and industry into the same subject; and
an honorable gentleman from Mame, now in the
other end of  this Capitol, [Mr. Evans]  lent his
powerful   abilities   to    bring   about   a   re*ult
so   dei<rable   to   many   of   the   Federal   par-
ty.   And, sir, we have now before  us   the   re-
port of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury,
in which he makes "the estimated deücit" to be
#16,088,215 18, and lastly, this bill, to bind down
upon the people of this Union a national defet of
#12,000 000.   Sir, there has bejn a sad falling off,
since this matt*r was first started, it is trae— here
is a material difference between iorty millions and
twelve million'      There is  no small difference
either between the $16 088,215 18 of the honorable
Secretary and the  amount of this bill     Sir, the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
Means  [Mr Fillmore] must learn how to carry
out the requirements of his party better than this,
or he will never be suffered to retain the post
which he now occupies.    Nit only does he brand
■with falsehood, by the loan which this bill proposes,
the statements of his Federal partisans, but he con-
veys to the Secretary of the Treasury a most point-
ed rebuke, to say the least of it.    Sir, he virtually
declares to the Secretary that his positions are un-
founded and untenable    And permit me to say,
that were it not for the behest? of party, I cannot
believe that this bill would ever have found its
way into this Hall.   But, sir, it must pass.   The
necessities of the party require it     And not rnly
must it pass to answer tho^e necessities, but to
carry out and establish one of the principles upon
which  the Federal party is bastd.    "A  national
debt is a nat onal Dieting," is part and parcel of
the creed of Fedewdism, and that party,   which
seldom obtains   powei,  must   now work  while
the day lasts.   The ordinary and constitutional
time for  the  as emb ing  of  Corgress will not
answer, but this, hot-bed session must be called that
the plants of Federahsm may be forced forward
with unnatural power     I am aware that the hono-
rable gpiiileman from  Massichu<etis, [Mr   Sal-
tonmmil ] who sp ike first this mtrnmg, disela.ms
any such sentiment as apper amina; to the F^dtral
party.   I am satisfied, too, that the gentleman ot ¡,ht
to be considered high authority in  Fedeial ethics,
for, sir, in addi ion to his having been one of the
number who compo ed the Na'unal Central Com-
mittee ot "The Universal Whig pany" during the
last cam; aign, he was a number of a committee
of the L g'slature of Massachusetts  who  recom-
mended in their report the asscmblm,  of the Hart-
ford Convention    He certainly ought to know
what are the principles*! the Federal party, and I
am not deposed to take issue wuh him upon that
point.   Cut I am happy to sa- that I rind in the
remark-, ot the gentleman unequivocal eviuence ol
the position for which 1 contend, fir, although the
gentleman says, tlvt tin so words a>e not the vords
of his party, yet ihe gentf-ma ! himself, true as the
needle tu the  pole, almos! n  ih • sam- breath de-
clares ihat, "had the national debt continued un-
til this time, it woul 1 have saved the country from
many of it  difficulties."   These   are   his   vcy
words, Mr, I took them down as they wtre utteied,
and I thank lb"1 gentlemm for his exposition of the
text.    He has given as an examp'e precisely m
point, and I want ro better evidence or higher au-
thority for   re-asserting that one of  the cardinal
principles r f ihe Federal parly is, that "a national
debt is a   national blessing "   S,r, I   know the
ground upon   shich   the   doctrine   is con'ended
for.   That it stiengthens aud consolidates tne Go-
vernment, binds together  ihe great moneyed in-
terests   of the count->, and by taking care of the
rich, takes e«e of the peor also.   But, oir, such
principles are well known to be obnoxi' a, to the
people.   Subversive as they are of the m'eresls of the
great mass of cummum'y, they are never broach-
ed except m a covert and deceptive manner   Such
is the manner in which this bill has steathily crept
in among us. N'cessity is made the p ea ution
which to justify it And while the paity shah di-
vert the public mj.d by fahe r-sues, and enone-as
statements, while it shall ingeniously turn public
attention, by problems and figures to the past Ad-
ministration, a national debt is fastened upon the
people, and one of the cherished principles of
Federalism and of monarchies engrafted upon
our Republican system.
Sir, this is but one of a series of measures which
ihe dominant party intend to carry into effect.
This is but the entering wedge to other schemes
moie dangerous than this even This is but the
basio upon which superstructures more odious to
free institutions and more dangerous to the rights
of the people, are to be reared. Sir, pass the
bank bill, now under considera ion m the Senate,
and you add to these twelve millions, sixteen mil-
lions more, that be.ng the amount which, by the
provisions of that bill, the Government is obi ged
to Doriow to start that institution. Yes, sir, toat
bank cannot go into operation without running this
people in debt to the amount of ovei sixteen
millions There is no other way for it to pro-
ceed, and therefore the bill expressly provides
that the Government shall borrow the money. A
National Bank, founded and dependent for i's
very ens'ence upon a pat onal debbt—a debt, too,
which, added to the amount of the present bill,
will make near thuty millions of dollars Sir, by
the passage of the distribution bill, you indirectly
assume the State debts to (hat amount. If the
States are entitled to what you give them in that
bill, how long will it be, I ask, before tlev will
contend thit they are entul d to all for which the
and. hive ever so'd? What will be your answer
to ihis demai^ Will ihey not use against you,
tu h unanswerable force, the very arguments
which you urge for the passage of the distribution
bil 1 And, sir, when you now say that the Stales
are entitled to the present proceeds of the saks of
ihe5e land , I ask you, how can you do away with
(he argument that they are entitled to the past pro-
ceeds1 And, sir, will not the debtor Stales demand
of jou, as the only compromise by which ihey
will give up this claim for past sales, that you as-
sume at once directly their onerous and oppressive
debts'1 Wh n these hundreds of millions shall be
thrown upon the Nan na' Government, smd a
mammoth di bt be créale I, owned, eontrc lied, and
go veri ed by foreign suvjpcis, where then will
bo Am  ncün intere ts, and wrere a ux-p tying peo-
ple? I htv<; sail, sir, that this bill is but .he be-
ginning, it is but part fnd pircel of ¿system of
measures, which the dotrunant party, unless
arrosud in their course, will assuredly cm y out—
tahonal d'bt, h gh tariff, bank, distribution, S'ate
dibts,  are  the inscriptions upon their   banners.
And, sir, it is I1 e duty of every one who stands
here, as a sen'mel to watch our Republican inte-
rests and Republican principles, to sound the
alarm; that the peop e, many of whom have no
doubt been deceived in elevating to power men,
whose piinciples are at variance with the Demo-
ciaiic simplicity of our institution-, may rise m
their maj-st}, and place their seal of condemna-
tion upjn th se most mi«chievous an 1 dargprous
measures Sir, what statesman, what patriot, what
lover of Ame. ican libeity and American freedom,
asle looks ir to the dim distant futuie, and s«.s
ihn ugh the glimmeung twjl ght of ages, myriads
up in myriads of hamaii souls, that are devmed to
popjlate this vast do nam of American soil, c?n
witness with otner lhan the most lively feehngs,
any attempt to curtail the privileges, or abridge ihe
rights of an American frteman? What philan-
tl.romst, who looks to the United States as the bea-
con light, that points out to the struggling subject
of despoiic powers a sure haven of repose, can see
the efforts to palm upon the American people
monarchical measures, without tremblirg for the
issue? Si', this state of tmngs cannot long exist.
The people of these States are too intelligent to
be deceived for any length of time. They know
iheir interests too well, and I assure gentlemen,
unless theyipause in tbeir onward course of destruc-
tive measures, the day is not far distant when
they will be summoned to a reckoning, and be cast
out as unworthy stewards.
SPEECH OF MR. WARD, op Nw Yoas.
¡nth  House of Representatives, July 12, 1841—On
a motion by Mr McKay of North Carolina to
strike out the enacnng clause.
Mr. WARD said he regretted that the honorable
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pboffit] had brought
so many and such undeserved accusations against
the fnerds of the late Administration. That gen-
tlsman had charged, that for electioneering purpo-
ses the party just ejected from power by the people
had suffered our gallant navy to become almost a
by-word; that they m power had neglected the
interests of the nation by allowing our ships of war
to rot, to sink into a. state of dilapida'ion; that by
their neglect we had scarcely a ship fit for sea; that
our defences were a mere mockery; and that scarce,
ly a fortification on our coast could be defended
against the attack of the most crntemptible force;
that we had no prepaiation in the shape of ord-
nance, or munitions of war. The honorable gentle-
man also charged upon us a factious opposition to
the new Administration, and a design to counteract
as far as possible all its efforts for good,
Mr. W. would assure the gentleman that all
these accusations were groundless. In respect to
the first charge, that the Democratic party had been
neglectful of the national defences, and been insen-
sible to the importance of maintaining our gallant
navy, he would «ay ihat the history of the country
disproved it. From the origin of the Federal Go-
vernment to the accession of the present Adminis-
tration, the Democratic party had been in power,
with the exception only of the eight yiars of the
administrations of the two Adamses: and yet,
during all this tone, embiacmg more than forty
years, this country had been prosperous and happy
at ho"ie, and lespected abroad, maintaining its na-
tional interest  and honor against the aggression's of
all foreign powers. The interests of the navy had,
during this time, been cherished, and put on such a
footing of efficiency, as to personel and
materiel, that, in the late contest with Gieat
Britain, it won a fame that will endure as
long as the winds blew, or the waves roll. Nor
was this right arm of our national defence neglect-
ed under the Democratic Administrations which
followed the late waj. As a pioof of this, Mr. W.
referred to the f tct that our naval force was much
hrier and more effective on the 4th of March,
1341, thai it was on the 4th oí March, 1839,
when General Jackson's administration com-
menced Where, ilnn, did the honorable gentle-
man find ths. ground for his allegation that we, the
Democrauc party, nad neglected the mteres's of
the nay,? Mr. W. could show, also, thii the De-
mocrat c party, while it did so much for the public
defences, and so much to guard the national inte-
rests abroaJ, paid off two national debs; the one
contracted in support of the Revolutionary strug-
gle; and the other in the defence of our maritime
rignts and of free trade, against the aggressions of
the vaunted mistress of the seas, amounting to
over two hundred millions of dollars. Much more
would the Democratic party have been able to do,
in pursuance of their policy of "providing for the
common defence,'1'1 had they not been thwarted in
their de^ns by the Bank panics and pressures
which accompanied and followed the struggle in
support of the late Bank of ihs United States.
Trie resu't of ttune panics was to throw a van
amount of national treasure into the coffers of the
Stmes, impoverishing the National Treasury ami
enfeebling the national arm. All the repeated
propcsitons mafe during the adm.nistrations of
General Jackson and Mr. Van Buren for com-
pleting a system of national defences, were met
with clamors for money for the States. Even at a
moment when we were in imminent danger of a
war with Fiance, propositions for such appropria
tions as were necessary to enable the country to
m et the first onstt of war, were rejected. Every
one must remen ber and acknowledge that the
celebrated proposition of the distinguished Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] for appropriating the
surplus funds m the Treasury to the purposes of
national defence, was coldly met and rejected by
the party now in power.
In regard to the second allegation oí the gentle-
man from Indiana, that the Democratic party
is disposed to effer a factious opposition to the
