142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th C ng -"1st Sess.
District Banks—Mr. Men.
Senate.
him that to put off preparation fora moment lonaer,
while we were engaged here in acting en subjects
of infinitely less moment, was unworthy oi the
country and its cause. If we are to expect justice
from any power, we must put ourselves in a con-
dition to resent injustice Should England persist
in claiming title to several millions of acres of
land belonging to the State of Maine, and should
she refuse to render us proper redress for the inva-
sion of our territory, and the destruction of the
property and lives of our citizens, m a time of pro-
found peace—he alluded to the attack on the Caro-
line—she will not wait for us to prepare to demand
redress, she will strike the first blow—not w ait
•tit.
Mr W said he was aware that the report made
at the last session of Congress by the honorable
gentleman from South Caiolma [Mr. Pickens] on
the subject of our relations with Great Britain,
was not regarded in a favorable light by the friends
of the present Administration But that report
took an able and lucid view of the real position of
our controversies with Great Britain, ana warned
the country against the encroachments of that
power upon our national nght«, and admonished
us of the necessity of preparing to defend them.
Those views were truly American and patriotic,
and were boldly and wprmly expressed, and Mr.
W. believed that the British nauon were too brave
and chivalnc themselves not to admire and respect
a fpirit of national pride and gallantry in another
ptople.
But Mr. WiRi  was in favor of the bill for an
additional reason He wished to see the public
revenues appropriated to nsty nal objects, for, if
they wet  not so appropriated, they would unques-
tionably be claimed by the States for local pur
poses. He viewed, with regret, the increasing
thirst, on ihe part of the States, for the public re-
venues Th« project for alienating the public
domain fortver from ihe possession of the Unn n
was, he feared, likely to succeed. If lhat bill
paswd and be came a ¡aw, it could never be re-
pealed—for the cupidity of the S ates would be in-
creased by gratification The twenty eight mil-
lions of surplus revenue distributed among the
State; in 183S, had given them an unextin-
guishable thirst foi still larger supplies (rom the
public coffers Without enriching or benefiting
the States, that policy had impovt nshc I
the Union It had enfeebled the hands of
the General Government, and left the cou itry
in an exposed and defencele s condition
The continuation of this policy must lead to
such a sa amble for ihe national revenues for dis-
tribution, th it Ihe great objtcb of the Ge íeral Go-
vernment will he uuerly neglected and abandoned
The General Government w«f intended, chiefly,
for the purpose of "providing for the common de-
fence " This was one of the considerations that
brought ihe Slates together in a "more perfect
Union," and which ought to keep ihein firmly and
forever united, pr sentmg, on every side, an un-
broken front against a common enemy. But tne
common delence had been already neglec ed by the
Government, in consequence of ihe former distri-
bution, and we did not know how soon the entue
revenues of the Union would oa seized upon by
the States in the form of distributions and assump-
tions This wojld lead to ihe destruction of all
our public establishment-. Tnare would be no
appropriations for the.r support, and they must
cease to exist Our ships of war and doe,, yards
and arsenals would be next stued and sold ior dis-
tribution Some were opposed *o iort flcations,
and coii'ended lhat we should rely on the freeman's
arm and the freeman's breast lor our defirce A
proposition would thrclore be made, at som  fu-
ture day, he (eared, io dismantle < nd aband< n the
forts, and distribute the sums usjally appropriated
for them among the Siates. Ornen were opposed
to a standing army, and others t) a navy, and
would ínsiswupon distributing ihe ssveral millions
heretofore annually appropriated to maintain and in-
crease them The credit, the means, the strength,
of the General Government would thus be soon
prostrated and destroyed, and the Governraen' it-
self would cease to exist.
REMARKS OF MR. ALLEN,
OF OHIO
In Senate, June 33, 1841—On the question of al-
lowing the banks, in the District of Columbia, to
use the notes of other banks not paying specie,
corrected from the imperfect report in the Globe
of 24th June.
Mr. ALLEN said, toe Senate will remember
that there are are now no banks in this District,
and that we are about, not to recharter, but to
charter anew, no le«s than su. When on yester-
day, I objected to tne bill on general gioumls, the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] replied,
that these banks were nec° ary to relieve the peo
pie from the existing cur ' of an irredeemable and
an almost worthless currency, and that if not
chartered, the paper of the suspended banks of tne
adjoining States, wou'd continue, as it now is, the
sole circulating medium Well, sir, ihe evil then
complained of was at irredeemable, and the re-
medy proposed, a redeemable currency Tnese
banks were asked for, th^t they might expel the
former, by supplying the latter of these currencies
But what is now the reasoning of the Senator,
when the very question of a redeemable or an ir-
redeemable currency, is brought up singly for our
decision? It is thi —that through the District
banks should be required to redeem their own
notes, yet they ought to be allowed to use the irre-
deemable notes of other banks.
Mr. Merrics explained that what he stated, or
intended to state, was, that it was necessary io re-
charter these banks for the purpose cf giving the
District a sound and wholesome currency, but it
was not his intention, in «aying that, to mean that
they should exclude the notes of other banks. By
furnish ng a sound and wholesome currency, re-
deemable in specie at home and withm their reach,
that currency would be preferred to an irredeema-
ble currency, and in this. >vay the latt°r would be
withdrawn without being excluded.
Mi. Allen continued The Senator's argument,
as restated, is still a conclusive answer to itsrlf,
for, if the notes of suspended State banks ate not
to be excluded irom the District, then they are stnl
to circulate m it—and that, too, nor, as at present,
against, but by authority of law. These banks,
instead of removing the evil of an i redeemable
currency, are, ia truth, to legalize, to increase, and
to peipirtuate it, by becoming the agents to intro-
duce and to circulate yet more of that currency
Why, then, charter them at all?
But the Senator says the Dis net banks are to be
required to redeem their own notes Well, what if
they ?re1 They are not required to issue them—
and who can suppos" they will ívsue notes of their
own, made redeemable, whilst allowed to deal in
the moie profitable puper of other banks, redeema
ble no where' If, however, they will issue
their own redeemable notes, of what use to
them will be the autnouty to use the
paper of suspended banks as'no man will accept
the latter whilst he can get the former? If, on the
contrary, they will not issue the loimer, whilst at
liberty to use the la'ter, why pietend that you are
Lhartermg -pecie-paying banks—that you are re-
moving the evil of an irr dcemable medium from
this Dis r c[, tn evil lo which you Te mam estly
"iving increase and duratun' Why do this, if it
be not tnat the obj ct sought is too toss to be con-
fessed? Yts, sir, die obj ct is, if ihtre be any ob-
ject at all, not to expel, tu to 'e-'ahz1 irredeema-
ble paper Por it is too o din etei for stupidity
itself, much less for the (omprehensive wisdom, of
this bod}, to doubt that, i' the e tanks are ahov.ed
to use the uredeemabic paper of o'her , th°y will
use none cf iheT own made redeemable The rea-
son why spec e wi 1 no', n also the reason why spe-
cte-pajing pappr will not circulate by the side of
paper ro' redeemable in spec  , and th?t reason is,
that the cheaper, in bnih case , excludes ihe dearer
medium For this reason it is, toe, tha  the idea of
a mixed currency, so o ten repea ed m books and
speeches, m a downright absurdity Five or ten
currencies may exist, but can r>ever circulate in
the same channel. To be two, they must differ;
and the reason of the difference is also the ieas,en
why they can never move upon the same line, and
thus become one admixture. Small iiotes exclude
silver; large notes gold—as bad notes exclude bet-
ter from circulation But, for the present, no more
of this.
Sir, you are about, not to-legalize the existing
suspension of existing banks, but to charter six
banks anew with the privilege, in effect, to begin
and to continue in suspension.   This you propose
to do,  whilst on all sides, suspension is conceded
to be the great evil of the times. And, sir, to whom
is this evil to be ascribed'   To  the banks?   Yes,
but to them in conjunction with the legislation of
the country.   They began, but legislation has con-
tinued the suspension    For when the banks dis-
covered, that by well timed appliances to legisla-
tive bodies, thev could obtain, not merely pardon
for the first violation of all law and all obligations,
but legal authority to repeat  that violation with
insolent impunity for the  future, they did what
privileged rapacity ever will do—plunder the de-
fenceless people.   Then it was that these corpora-
tions, guarded and defended in their criminality by
the laws of the land, began to claim suspension
to be a right, and to treat the peop'e and the Go-
vernment as the just objects of their depredations.
And why, being vicious in  their very nature, and
unawed by law, should they not so act.   Let the
highwayman be assured, that  instead  of punish-
ment for   his crimes, impunity and   profit  will
follow    the    point  of   his    dagger,    and   what
traveller    will    pass   in    safety ?     And     yet,
grave legislators as } ou are—legislators did I say?
no,  m this respect, protectors of criminals in the
violation of law—you profess to be representatives
of the very people who are thus made the inno-
cent victims of crime, you, in their name, commis-
sion others to commit    But this  commission ex
tends only to corporations    For, if a private citi-
zen infracts the law in its smallest particular, he is
pumsned to the full measure of its penalty.   Nor
can the virtues of his heart, nor the rectitude of his
former life, no, nor his services to his country, how-
ever eminen' they may hive been, mitigate the
sentence, or slay fora moment, the swift execution
If the poor unbefnended laborer, who pays your
taxes from ihe sweat of his brow, and with his blood
defends your country when invaded—if he, with a
wne an 1 children all dependent for their daily
bread «por his liberty and his labor—if such a
man be the debtor of a bank, by the law, which
is inexhorable as to him, his last pallet may be
seized in satisfaction of the claim, and if that be
insufficient, his body may, m some of the States,
be consigned to the miseries of a prison, the sighs
and tears of his distracted family availing nothing
m his behalf.    But if, upon thf other hand, the
bank owes him, the law relents    He may starve
m  -wan', and   the   bank, though   able to   pay,
has  your authority to refuse,   and  may  laugh
at   the sufferer   whilst   his  little   children   are
crying for food     Look   each  morning  as you
pass  the avenue to the  Capitol, and you may
behold the spoiled and broken   furniture of the
poor people of this city, their tables,  their chairs,
and their beds, struck off under 'he  hammer,  to
pay their debt"—yet is it from them you receive
petitions for privilege?   Is it to  them yoj grant
these favors'!   jb n to relieve them you legislate?
Never    They are left to pine in their melancholy
obscurity, unnoticed and unknown, without even
the cheap  gratuity of a friendly word from you,
to cheer the dreariness of that future, so hopeless
to them   Io there? jus ice in this conferring charters
upon the picsperous to fleece the nee'y'   Is there
in if, even the dtctney of ordinary Jespotism? No.
And Etill  thi  is done—you know it to  be so__you
know such to be the la vs of inequality and injus-
tice—laws made in a country  said to be free__
made by the lepiesentatives, and in the name of
a people, said te be freemen. Bui notwithstanding
this is known, yet, a  if mstn« ble to the?e wrongs
—as if unwilling to hear any thing but the importu-
nities of banks, you still proceed from day to day,
to give depih and duration, and b ttemess to their
enormities, already intolerab'e
And now, sir, a word m defence of ourselves.
The Democratic Senators have been taunted by
those of the other side, with a repetition of the
same language and reasoning, as often as these
