Saly, 1841.                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.                            *                    14a
S7th Conq"«'1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Bentoñ,
Senate.
charters have been brought in review.   True, sir;
but in this there is no criminalitj: and if it be im-
puted as a want of taste, our answer is, that it re-
sults from the strength and consistency of our con-
victions, from the uniformity of principle and opi-
nion among us, and from that preference which
every Democrat instinctively feels for direct tru h
over prevarication and falsehood.   We speak the
same language, because our sentiments are alike;
aad repeat those sentiments, because they are un-
changed.   Nor could we do otherwise, and expect
success; for, in all human affairs, so dense is the
mass  of error which every truth must encounter,
that, unless enforced by an impulse often repeated,
it could never clear the way to its object.   But
those Senators, in making this charge of unifor-
mity in our language and opinions, may be assured
of impunity, as it is not possible for us to resort the
charge upon them.    No, sir, it is not possible, nor
would it" be jU)t, to allege a coincidence in lan-
guage, in opinion, or in principle, against men, no
two of whom iuree in any one of thes,e particulars,
and each of whom differs even from himself, with
each momentary change of surrounding circum-
stances.    Among mea  of such a party, diversity,
discord, and anarchy, in all their sentiments, say-
ings and doings, result infallibly from the miscella-
neous motives of atlf-interest which sway their re-
solutions,   instead   of   the  one,   the   paramount
object   of  the   public   welfare.   Who  has  for-
gotten    the    late    Presidential    canvass,    when
throughout the land, the speakers of the party were
seen apon every rostrum, giving contradictory rea-
sons for the same thing—one asserting what ano-
ther denied, sad all declaring what no one of them
believed—agreeing in nothing but in the common
purpose of se.zitis upon the spos's of their mined
country, by the overthrow of an administration which
could not be shaken', until falsehood hnd sncceeJi-d
in rendering truth moie onions thau j.-eKl Having
pre-deiermmed to  oewildj- the public judgment,
they adapted their profession* to ti>e peculiar sen-
timents of the people, in every section of thi Union.
In our part, they proclaimed Aboliiion to be the
first and most sacied of duties-; in another, it was
denounced as factious fanaticism, fraught with all
the hideousness of civil w?r.   At the South, the
tariff was prorlsinwd unconstitutional and iniqui-
tous; in the East, no power wa- thought so unques-
tionable, no rneor-ure so just or essenual.   The
right ,„nd the duty of Congress to err, tc-r a Na-
tional Bank was loudly averted at the iNortn; Dear-
ly every where else they as loudly disputed beth ihe
power and the expediency.    Masons and Anüma-
sons; the friends of the tariff and its enemies; the
adversaries of a bank and its warmest supporters;
the owners of slaves and the men who we re press-
ing aboliion .-a the bazard of a general massacre—
ai! and each of this "misivUaneous host" of politi-
cal >=ini'--ui=5 passed and repassed to the f ur car-
dinal point* 01 tne continent, wherever the impos-
ture was most likely to succeed; the same man, on
different days, approving as ju it, and denouncing
a* infamous, each of these several measures m its
turn, as of.en  as his own change of locality re-
quired.
Unwilling, sir, as we are to obey this example,
we shall th rrefore, continu  to reinfor.-e our argu-
ments, uot only agam-t these bank*, but also
against the abuses ot ail o'hs-rs. Nor do I doubt
that we shall live to see the day when no man m
your own ranks, Senators of th^oiher side, will so
far peril his good name with the public, as ¡o stand
forth and declare ■'! was a friend of tie paper
system."
Sir, what, alreadv is ¡he fact, in ¡ho case of the
late Ban1; of ¡he United S'.itcs? Ho.v long has it
been smeo that corporation was the most enr-nshed
object within the circle of your affec ion-? But a
few brief yew-; yes, then it was that .he innitu-
lion now A. low, was able, by a sinae.^ict to m-
flarcP or allav the passions, to "xcue the -hopes,
the rage or the despair,  i,d to direct the energies
of arrrt" spread o--er an area of eight thousand
miles in cV.comfeicaco. Then it was that all law
could wild impunity, be defied, and the Bank,
paramount over all legislative authority, could ex-
pel Congressional committees from us door, and
extort justification of the act from those by
whom they had been appointed. Then it
was that its President could sit, "calmas a sum-
mer's morning" amidst the desolation he had
caused, end receive, with all ihe arrogant indiffer-
ence of royalty itself, the petitions and the flatteries
of the slaves he had made. Yes, it was then that •
he swayed the sceptre over land and lake, con-
vulsing or calming the elements of the comfaercial
world of America, as the interests of the Bank in
pillage or politics required. It was then that, in
every city, in every village, in each hall of legis-
lation—in this Senate its-If, his eager flatterers
jostlrd fiich other m their hurry to rise, when be
bade them to speak, it was then that ihey ex-
hausted'he resources of our language in search of
terms of eulogy bt-fiU'ng the object of their servile
adulation. Tne President of the Bank, the most
infallible (Of men, was tha standard of every per-
fection. With an undivided empire over tne cur-
rency ?.nd property of a whole people, and there-
fore, over the hearts of his followers, none pre-
sumed to hes'tate when he commanded, or dared
to move when he cried "stop." Supreme over all,
munificence was essential to his dignity. With an
open hand, therefore, he carelessly scattered boun-
ties among the crowd of his parasites, and assigned
to each their station m society, high or low, inverse-
ly to their several degrees of self-degration.
But a'! impostures have their end; and truth, in
its ow.i nature indestructible, will, by  its  inherent
energy and constancy of progression, eventually, in
all the struggle--ol men, weara.vay error and delu-
sion. The President of the Bank began to suspect that
the charm of his mystic empire  was about to be
broken.    In due time he prepared to descend, not
abruptly, hut .villi giaic, viih dignity, anil as if by
vjution, from a throne   vVnch  he lelt reeling be- '
peath hiui     Toen came bi< rcemorab'-i  le'ter de-
claring that he had abdicated politic-.    Tiie Senator
fiom Kentucky [.Mr. Clay] was the first of ihe
lauhfui io foresee the fail of this oracle of the faith.
Ever vigilant aad sagacious, he  beheld from gfar
the approaching crash of that old despotism, whose
strong frame-work, like the Ba^lile ot Franc?, had
so long withstood the lag.  of r,n  insulted people.
To see, was  w,ih him to  determine: he  instantly
cut its connection.    Soon after, the subaitens, «ml ¡
even the rank and file, began to feel ths tremblings j
of its 1'oimdauon.    Tr.<\i came a panic, ar-d then a
general flijrbt.   And now, sir, where is the institu-
tion1?    Wheie its President?   The one m ruins, the
o;h?r in exile.   Where, are ihe.r old flatterers and
parasites?   Here,   th-re, everywhere;   bin   silent
and sullen, or now as   clamorous ;n denuncia-
tion acainst the Bank and i.s Presiden', a? before
they were loud in  'heir eulogies of both    Among
the thousands of its former dependants, who but,
lately bent their bodies to the earth m  deferential
awe, and trod  with the nt ¡seless step of affrighted
sf rv'ih'y, as they pas.cdbnder the shade ot i's mar-
ble fro:)', net one now is led even 10 guard the
corpse of t!?e   d>-ad   idol of his recent  idolatry.
No, not one; all have fled its pestilential presence.
THE FISCAL BANK.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, Thursday, July 8, 1341 —On Mr. Bkn-
t n's motion to prevent the Government directors
from being excluded from a knowledge or parti-
cps'ion of rh'.' operations of tv Bank.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following amend-
"Ttwtnopan of (VK-oroceeJiuir- r.ftlie Rank, nor any lens,
,i;„COHnts. ei pavmrn>s' .¡i...!*, by it, nor anyordu- :i«„i ,KU
b'. mait.-r,vl.r.)>t s-r.iei l.oiath.-(..)vr-;i..li. ,)t.llu-(M.>l*.  >,-« all
saifldiipctnrsii'.ew'.uao.irn.mdia 'lee ai.dl iU pa.ucifdU >n
111 all the UMiiaACIlon" .mil bns.uess ul the in*titulMu."_
Mr. 1. v. supp'.rtof His amendment, reter'fja to
ihe conduct'of the late United Slates Bank v hich,
during thj time of its war upon the currency, c.'in-
mercrT, and business of the country, jn i during us
operations "P-m the press and the, legislative pow-
er in order to coerce i.s rccharter, regulaily and
systematically excluded the Government directors
from ad share in tne management, and all know-
ledge of the proceedings, of the Bank.   The Go-
vernment directors, from about the year 1832 to
1336, when the Bank charter expired, were deaied
their rights as directors, and the most important
measures transacted  without their knowledge or
c-ansent.   The famous mission of General Cadwal-
lader to Europe to obtain a postponement of the
payment of the three per centum debt of the United
States—a mission which was the first symptom of
the insolvency of the Bank which has since become
apparent—this famous mission, and its object, was
entirely concealed from the Government directors,
and only became known to them, as it did to the
rest of their fellow-citizens, by a paragraph in a
London newspaper.   The great loans.to editors of
newspapers and to members of   Congress  were
chiefly made without the knowledge or consent of
the Government directors.   The business of the
Bank was actually .carried on for ¡several years
without the knowledge of these directors,- They
were treated as spies, or interlopers, and  shut out
from a. knowledge of what was going on in the
Bank; and tha' not occasionally, and by passion
or resentment, but systematically,   and  by  rule.
The excluded directors made a report of this tyranny
to President Jackson in the winter of 1833-34, and
by him it was communicated to Congress; but all
to no purpose.   The Bank  was sustained in her
course, in thus expelling the Government direc-
tors, by its friends in Congress and  out of Con-
gress, and no measures could be taken against her
for such infamous breach of charter, and flagrant
insult to the Government.    The exclusion of the
Government directors from  a knowledge of the
business of the Bank, was a most villanous breach
of the charter, and a blackguard, ruffian insult to
¡he Government and its diractors; yet no censure
or punishment could he iufticted on the perpetra-
tors of such outrages; there was no penalty for it,
although forbid by ihe charter; and it is  my pur-
pose, if possible, to provide a penalty for s«ch con-
duct in future.
Mr. B. said it was certain lhat the Government
directors had been evicted from their properplaces
in the Bank, and it was his intention to place an
instance of that eviction, and its consequences, be-
fore the Senate and ihe country: it related to the
panic curtailment, and fictitious, distress, made by
the Bank in 183ft-M, and falsely attributed to th«
removal of the deposites. When the Bank plotred
this wicked and infamous attack on the business of
the country, and ih>s diabolical falsehood to cover
it, secrecy became indispensable to her success; and
accordingly a system of secret operations were de-
vised, which placed the whole power of the Bank
in the hands of Mr. Biddle, and exempted him trom
reporting his doings to the board! This incredible
conduct was related to the Government at the
time, by ¡he excluded directors, and has lately been
exhibited to the public by Mr. Biddle himself, in
his five letters to Mr. Clayton, in justification of
bis secret millionary loans to jobbers, gamblers,
swindlers, and speculators.
Mr. Biddle had done right to expose these direc-
tors, w ho had impugned him for the exercise pf the
power which tiiey had granted him, and the exhibi-
tion oí ¡he yeas and nays which he made on the
passage c.-f these resolutions, investing him with
despot :c and tecret power over the whole capital,
loans, discounts, and debts of the Bank. In every
exhibition of these yeas and nays, the five Govern-
in ;ct direciors appeared in the r.ega'ive; the twelve
or, fi.'teen Biddle directors, including Mr. Biddie
h. ase!1, always appeared in the affirmative. Mr.
BJd'.e has done right to expos* these directors; he
his done right to show their subserviency to him
when he win powerful—their assaults upon him,
now that he is down. He has done well in this,
but it does not legitimate the original wrong, that
of excluding the Government directors from their
share and knowledge in ¡he transaction of the busi-
ness of the B>iBk.
Mr. B. felt it to be his duty to pursue this sub-
ject__to show that the panic and pressure of 1833
'34 was the secret work of Mr. Biddle alone, and
that the Government directors were kept ignorant
of what was done. For that purpose, he referred
to the memorial of these directors, complaining of
their exclusion, and showing that when the wicked
curtailment and pressure of 1833 '34 was cow-
