July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UT
27th ComS"-.1st Sess 
Loan Bill—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
depth of what you are pleased  to call " Whw ri-
pr-m "
This is an extraordinary session of a  mist ex
traordinary Congress    We have been called from
oar respective homes to le¿i late under  the burn-
ing rays of a midsummer sun.    The eyes of our
common cons ltuents are fixed upon u-..    From the
centre of this Unit a  to Us remotest  frontier, the
most intense intrrest is felt in  our action.    The
measure? propos-d  at this sesnon, if definitively
acted upon, mus' exeicr-e a powerful influence, for
weal or for wo, over the destinies of ib>s R^pub
lie.   Their efTVvt will be seen and felt  upe n the
prosperity not  only of the present, but  of future
generations.    You  are now to decide whether the
General Government shall be he d  to the Republi-
can principles infused  into its Constitution by our
Revolutionary fathers, or lajnch eff inio the wild,
visionary, and aristeciatic s< hemes of the Hamil-
tomans of 1791. The Federalists of the old school,
so long in the minority, are  now looking to  you
tor the establ shm°nt of  such measures as will
enable  the fe v to govern   the    nan/—measures
which will build up and sustain one class at the ex-
pense of all others, and give  'o  the moneyed aris-
tocracy a commanding mflu pee over the legisla-
tion of this counrry, while, on the other hand, the
old Jeffersomau Democrats,  who  pledged   them-
selves to tne sacred cause of equal   rights in  the
violent contest ot 1800, and wao, though now in
the decline of life, with beads   whitened   by the
frosis of age, remain true to   their first  love, are
looking with fearful apprehensions to the result
They have seen  you triumph m the popular elec-
tions by fraud  and deception, and by a resort to
means calculated to degrade and debase American
character; «nd they have  fears that those  ines i-
mable principles, for the   i reservation  of which
they have so long and so manfisl'y 'truggled, will
be sacrificed     1 would to Hedvtn ilnt I could this
day, through  the Congrrss   of the Un ed S ates,
give t"em some   assurance   that tho e fear    were
unfounded     I  would  that I  could tell  them that  j
nothing will be done to compromise th^e Dirno-   J
cratic principles which have thus far  made them
a great and happy   people,   but I  d?re not—ihe
signs of thj times forbid
We have, Mr Chairman, assembled for the pur-
pose of affording  the  pa ty now in power an op-
portunity   of  redeeming  some  of   the  numerous
pledges made to the people anterior to the last Pre-
sidential election     Amongoiher thing, you pro-
mised retrenchment and reform, th-ty u wou'd re-
duce  the  expenditure-  ot   ihe  Givernrrent,  and
abolish  all   unnecessary   offices      The   war-cry
which you so suece-sfully raided against us w,s—
extravagance.    In  every portion  of the country,
the party t > which I am attached was denounced,
in the m st bitter terms, f r its extravagance in the
expenditure of the public money. Thi« subj ct c on
•stituted the then e < t evuy Whig editor and btawl-
mg stump orator in the might-, West. Every Aie<p
—in the -octal circle, upon tne stump, m the pub-
lic taverns, in ihe hall-- of just c°—yea, even in the
sacred pulpit—we we'e denounced as uniaithful
guardians of the public purse.     These charges
were so constantly reiterated, thai I rioubt not a
considerable portion of'he people gave credence to
them.    1 have now m my hand one of ihe most po-
tent arguments  used upon  this subject—a paper
which v as posted up for inspection in almost eve'y
shop, grocery, tavern, or house of public resort m
my distncf—a document wmch might be seen pro-
truding T^rn the pockets of the hord~ "f paltry de
magogues who traversed my Sute in the late caa-
vass, inflaming the passions ¿md arousing the pre-
judices of the people.    It is an argument for the
eye rather than the judgment or reason, and I have
never teen able to settle the question in my  own
mind, whether this picture or   the  "Tippecanoe
'exercised tl>e        •—■—a      '
atcst influence m that con
test It is a "Chart," representing the expenditures
of the Government by columns, commenc ng with
the Administration of Washington, and coming
down to Pthe year 1840. It is got up somewhat
after the manner of the "coffin handbills," with
which vour party sought to enlighten the people
someVfteenPyearsago3 These black columns in-
dicate the increase and diminution of the expendi-
tures each jcar, andrf'e arranged on  the scale of
four millions to the inch   Herein a line drawn from
C  (1791)   o D,  (1340,)  showi-g the manner in
which the expenditures shou'd be extended so as to
correspond with the increasing population of the
country.   It uill be seen, upon examination, that
this chart rep, esems fifteen millions of dollars as
amply sufficien' to defray all the necessary expend-
itures of ihe G vernment for the year 1840.   Now,
sir, heieis >osii argument before the election, and
I trust you i ill not thtnk me illiberal if I hold you
to it no r.    Surely i on vilf not complain  if I re
speotfully   ask   you   to   do   what you   promise I
should be done  if tou  were entrusted with pow-
er.    Remember, then,   that   you   hive,   b,    this
chart, pie'"  i    ui'Sfhe-. to reduce  the expendi-
tures to fi ' mi mi hons     Ii is true, I knew, v hen
you made this > r>ni r, that you  \vould volite it,
but many ho if t men wbr voted f i  you bel e ed
it, and in tour name I demand it- obs rvame      If
%ou do not observe it, you  will have  ptactiied a
palpable frnud upon t'vtr creduhty, for which they
will not forgive  you.    Let  us now  see how far
jour icts, sire  yi u came into power, warrant the
expectation that you will   redeem   this n'^dge     I
shall give fact-., wiiio'i no man here dare under-
take to conlroveit    The appropriations  made at
the list ses ion (when ihe Denocratic puty   was
in the ascendency) 'o  cover ihe expenses  of the
present year, amounted to p?, 193 817 41    This
wis considered atrply suffic ent lo meet ill the ne
cessary wants of the Government and was, indeed,
three millions more lhan v as lecommended by t' e
executive branch of the  Goyerurren'     This was
eight millions more than jou svd, previous to the
election, was necessary    Are you content wnh
this?   The rep rts of yeur Secretar es, and  the
bills upon your t?bl°, will   answer the  quesium.
You are now askm" fot odd liona! ippropnaiions,
to th° amount  o( more than three w'itons, thus
Tia' mg the expen h 'res 'or hpyrcr ne rl> double
what yon say in t~ s clnrt  they should  be'    An
gentlemen < f h" Whig party so silly as to believe
they can conceal these facts from the [.ubi c  eye'
Do they suppose lhat no msn  here  has the bold-
ness and tn'epeid^nceto spe?k no truth, and re
trued them, of ih ir v,nl>'ed promise i   If so, they
have mistaken mi   thaivcter, anl tho character of
those with whom I am a social 0     Le< me, once
for all, assure yo i that no povri o'y our wielding
shall prevent me fiom  speaking freely of }our
conduct, end exposing your reckless ac'«  to  my
dereived countrymen.
The expendiiures have, it no time   ince the or-
ganization  of the   Government, exceeded  thirty
three millions, exe'u ive of trnc   ft nds,   (notwt'h
standing the expensive   <ar carried on m F!ori<' ,)
and duung the last yeír ot Mi   Vi   Buren's al
ministration  "vere ten million, less than   when he
eame m o newer     In that year, (1840,) bemf the,
year v hen you were so clamorous in your crj of
extravagance, the expenditure    were $23,731 732
11, including tho aporopri^nons ,nade lo carr>   n
to effect the Independent Treas uy bill     Tb,s year
you propo e to make them not less than twenty six
millions     And this íoh   evil   Whir reform'    The
gentleman >iora Mame  [Vli   Fessfniwx]      few
days sirce ca'ledupon us of the r^morratic parly
to show 'here the exoenditure-ernld  e 'ed iced
Sir, this was a m ' unl'tnd em     After havu gee
nounced us, fr m on  end or this country  to the
ether, as squan erers ot 'ne pnbbc motey, after
^avtng dr yen tis from power u, " the  charge of
extravagance—lo ask us to  furnish   the proot of
fhesp charpes'   Why, the gentleman seems to have
forgotten the ride of law which ieqmres the peron
making the act'sat on to substantiate it, he would
baye u- lo furnish him the evidence to sustain his
charges aga nst us     No, sir, up n jo-i rests  th?
onus piobandi, (as   the  )->Avvei-> 5ay,)  and  unless
you present ihn proef, vo ' must  stand  ccrvvcted
before cur countrymen of Waving orefcrred a fil e
complaint
But it has been «aid the people are € ->b irra«s
ed, and are demanding relief    The k
labor and of produce, caused by  ih 
lany of those to whom has been entrust ,
er of  manufacturing  a currency fcr tV
pi ice of
1' s vil-
he pow-
üountry,
has turned the attention of a portion of the people,
at least, 'o this Congress, as the source from
whenc* they ¿re to obtam immediate relief. Yon
told them t lat a mere change of rulers would "re-
store confidence," ' advance pnces," &c; and,
under this belief, thousands supported your candi-
dates Your great leader and dictator—the mas-
ter spirit oi 5 our party—be who míes a portion of
you with the despotic sway of an autocrat—so
promised them in a speech delivered at Hanover,
Virginia, a shoit time previous to the election. He
ben said:
i he lact of hi  (William Henry Harrison's) election alone.
without reference tu the measures of his admimstrauon, WÚ1
powei ftdlyconinbiite to the security and happine   of the peo-
ple It w.ll hrtng assurance of the cessation of that long aerie 
uf disastrous exj enments which have so greatly afflicted the
people Go-jiinracE wnj. iMMEDiATBLy revive, credit will
be restored, it uve business wih return prices of product  will
rise anil the j eople will feel and know that, instead of their
■•ervmts being cuupied in devising measures for their ruin
and dtstructi in they will be assiduously employed in promt 
>n¡>theirwelfa e at d piosperuy "—Speech of Henry Clay at
Hanoi ei, Jutj 10,1Mb
Yes     ht's  in>   word—"PRICES   OF  PRO-
DUCTS WILL IMMEDIATELY KÍSE."   No
time was required, nothmg more was necessary to
effect this d< stable object, than the mere election
of General Harrison     The farmer was promised
tha', if he would lend  his aid to defeat ihe Demo-
cratic part), confidence should be restored, the
business of the country revived, and the product*
ot his industry receive a fair and liberal reward.
Well, sir,    o strong is  the love of money in this
general on, ,md so anxious are we all to accumu-
late wealth that I have no doubt many who have
heretofoie professed to be Democrats, and to be
actuate! by principle alone, voted for yoar candi-
dates, with an expectation that a chahge of admi-
nistration would produce the promised result.   But
what amp'e proof we have before us that there
are many false prophets in the laud'   Go to the
honest yconunry in tl e rich and productive val-
leys   i ibe Far West, and ask them whether your
predictor have been verified, and they will tell
yon a tale i f lo v pricts almost unparalleled in the
history of th  country.   You will, when you re-
turn to your respective homes, hear loud murmur-
ing .ind  complaints from your deluded constitu-
ency    Ti e cindid men of your own party, who
are uninfluenced by any other consideration than
an hoaeside ire 10  advance the public weal, are
becoming <'i gusted, and the time is not far distant
when these men in power will be kicked by an m-
di< nant people from the high places to which, man
evil hour, they have been elfvated.   Yes, sir, the
day et judgment is coming, and those of you who
have disjestrded jour promises, and abused the
confidence reposed in you, sill be made to feel the
lash of an outiagedand insulted people.
I hsve said the people are looking to you for the
relief whit b yru promised them Well, how do
you propose extending it? You have already passed
an act disf butin" the proceeds of the public lands
amongst d S a es, thus abstracting abont three
n Hi ns p i annum from the National Treasury.
You ha tie d me this ata time when yoa declare
that it is ab.o'utely necessary to borrow money,
in order to keep tho  Government in motion.   In
0  her words, yon have gncr away the public
treasure, in >rder to ere" in excuse for borrow-
ing ' You had no surp us to distribute, and yet,
wmlst ycu are embarra sed, as you allege, by a
deficiency n the revenue, you give away three
mi 'ion ' in 1836 you deposited twenty-eight
millions wdb. the States, and, so far from asking
them to res ore a part of this to relieve you from
your dimcul >e , >ou b-ive given them the whole of
ihe land reieu e1 A prudent man, finding him-
self embarrassed and in debt, would curtail his ex-
p-mes, and call upon his debtors for payment, in-
stead of giving aw.y a large portion of the money
I he Lai accumulated, and increasing his expendi-
I ture^ Yo i have not only give  this away, but
you propos to make new appropriations. This is
I a new way io pay debts and relieve the Govem-
1 rnent, which wii no doubt excite some sur-
prise amt ngst your constituents It will require all
i the ingenuity, all the tact and eloquence of Whig
' orators on th's floor, to satisfy the people of the
1   propriety of distributing money to the States, whilst
you were borrowing  for your own uso    But I
¡ have said you abstract three millions and give it
