NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148     ._________________AtrtriL
27th Oong.......1st Sess.
to ftie States: the Vafitóm thus produced must be
fill0d, a¿d¿ovsr ¿it,to be done? Why, of cour e,
by mcresísme the tariff, and adding new burdens m
the Shiga oftaxes Oh the people. The States get
thffé mñíions, api you tax the people three and a
half millions (metí Í rag cost of collection and loss;
to m&kVfirj the deficiency. You pay one set of of-
ficers tb collect the revenue, and another to dis-
burse it; you then pay a third set to collect duties
to make up the deficiency—in this way unnei-essa
n}yla^gjag,„% people. Thus, then, when you
ha*6 asssmbled ostensibly for the purpose of mak-
ing provision for an anticipated deficit in the >e
venue, Jhe ye¡rv first act you do is to distribute
nwoey to the States ' Jlnd all this yiu call Whig
reforM
It,js true }he great State which I have tr*e honor
in p%stto, represent has a debt of ioms thuteen
millions of dollars, which has been conn acted in
the prosecution of her public work -, but we can
discharge this iebt without placing ourselve-, in
the humiliating position of beggars at the public
treasury asking for alms We have a nardy anil
entefprjslng population of more than a million and
a half of *aoul«, occupying 25 600,000 acres oí
land, most óf it as productive as can be found n
the worlá\arid taxable property to the amou it oí
nearly one hundred and thirty milhoiis In m< <-t
cases our money has been wellmreste , and our
canals, roads, and other public work*-, consiume
the pride of our State. There in-- spir t of im-
provement has advanced with rapid strdes, and
the day is not far distant when that glorious Siate
will stand, in point of numbers and wealth, second
in this ¿feat Confederacy. When h r i minen t
resourceé are fully developed, this debt nf thirteen
mllftons will dwindle into insignificance TJnvvil-
lirig as I am to do any thing to comprotmt the ho
nor or di¿hity of my native Siatc, I could not con-
sent to see; her kneeling at the Government tiea
sury, and asking lor a yearly pension We have
contracted out debt for local purposes, and vteare,
I trust, too independent as well as genet u- to ask
our brethren of other Slates to pay it And, if we
should ever ask the General Government lor ¿id,
wé trust it will not be extended, as m this distribu-
tion bill, by increasing the burdens upon us
Thetffectof this distribution bill wll be to
break down and annihilate the independence < Í the
Slate , and to make them the mere stipendiaries ol
the General Government. It i^, in elb <1, levy in;;
a tax on the people to collect money f r dtstribu
lion. It sepatates the tax-levying li u the t v.
appropriating power, and thu< dislroj one of the
most beneficial checks upon impiovu' nth gela-
tion. It makes the General Govern-* tut the col-
lector ofrevenue, ami lh< State govunnn t i o
appropnators. It plactsour Stale j. >vrrnmeru
in the degrading attitude of pens om.is upon the
public crib. It robs the people, whilst a profosi s
to aid them. It is the fust step tovmls an a-
suraption of the State debts, and will operate to ei -
nance the value of the bonds in ihe hands of foreign
brokers and stockjobbets. It will lead to an tt-
fort, on the part of the Stale? deeply n ieb'e i, to
bring about a general assumption, which v% ill pro-
duce the most disastrous- consequences In short,
it will do as much to dettroy the sovuagnH <t
the States, and consolídate all power in the Gene
ral Government, as any other act that could be
proposed.
Having given away, as I have air ady shown,
three millions per annum, you no  pmpo e by t>i
bill, to borrow twelve millions tfdi 1 rs(]ny,be
lot before 1850 Having emptied th sVasury,
you will now create a i ational dtbt, a id ibus i«
abroad foundation for ^ut Nation i IUnk. Í
has always been contended b a poi on <ie tv ••
Whig party—and, indeed, the doc n, ^ has been
ioldly avowed in this debit—that a 1 n led d->tt
is a national biessipg This vva afimi p logma
Jvith Alexander Hamilton, the leader rf hoFeder-t
party in 1791, and is b'lieved ty his ' 11 > ers to
Shis da}, but, I apprehend, is r pi i <• d by ihe
¿reat ma s of the American people. P m I>mo-
ctats believe a debt a curse rather th i bless ng
The State Governments are already t i debt up-
wards of two hundred millions of dollars upon
bonds held mamly by foreigners for the paymtnt
Loan Bill—Mr. Welkr.
of these bonds, the laid  ia the projective States
are m efficient mortgaged You now propose by
this bill to mortgage the productive industry of our
people to ihp amount of twelve millions more—
and this, too, m a time of profound peace These
bonds, like those issued by the States, will eventu-
ally fall in the hands cf foreigners; and thus the
people will be taxed to pay interest on State and
national debt at the some time. The people of
this country^ W1" ",en Pay s°me twelve oi tmrteen
millions ner annum m the shape of interest
B«gin this national debt, and national extra vrgance
will be the inevitable resu t. Instead of the plain
Republican s'mplicity of our ancestors, we shall
have a splendid Government and ml impovenshed
people L ke England, from whom we pre borrow-
ing too many of our political dogmis, we will en
rich the Government by making one-'ia'f our
countrymen psuperi Instead of reducing your ex-
penditures bv in economical almimstration of the
Government, and making provision for the ex-
tinguishment of the debt, will you go in incieastng
it from }ear t0 year, until the interest absorbs a
large portion of ihe labor of the people, and crush-
es them to the very earth. Yes, Mr. Chairman,
neithei yon nor I (alt lough both young men,) if
your party retain power, will live to se  this debt
pai 1 It wi 1, as Í have before remarked, be pushed
on from one \ ear to another, until it reaches lhat
po'nt of overshadowing magnificence to which the
Englivh de')t has attained It is in vam to think
of relieving the Government by contracting new
d> bts. A hule of Ihe frugality and economy prac-
tised by our flihers " ill soonest effect the object
Is thee any neo^ sity for this h an"! This, after
all, is the important question Wr mu¿t of c mrse
lcok to the leport of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and to the known f^cts, for the d„ta necessary to
answer this question. In the examination of this
matter, permit me, in the fus,! place, t<> pdvert to
the mamicst difference bel ween the es'imates of the
Sicrdary and ihos^ furn'sh-d by the President
in his message The President sets down the
balanc* in the Treasuiy on the 4th <f March last
at $645,000, while the Secrttarv in one plises calls
U $572,718 and in another $646,803, neither sum
acieeing with the Pres'dent. In estimating
the new appropmtions for the War Dep-irt-
ment, the President sets it down at £2 511,132 98
vlnle 'he Secretary =ai« §2 521 336 98 In ihe
sriessa_c, h e probable deficit on the 1st of Setem-
b?i i. x', i -Mated it §4,815 000, the Secretary
says lt will he ^5,251,388 30— aking a differ-
ent of nearly half a million of Collats ' Again,
s r, the Prt sident tstimates the deficit ot the whole
or ilic prps'iu year at $11,406 000, the S cretiry
s"} s it si,'! 000,941—Tiakmg a diff r nee of near-
ly five millions and a hnlj But it mav be said the
President mt tided in his estimate to include
the (itbt and df licit ¡or ihe next yeat. T' is,
hoKpirer, will n< t fxtiicate him fnm the difficulty,
for bed i nnctly estimates, lha' at §12 083,215 it
will alvo be s~Pa oy an cxami ian< n ot the items
íiven by Ihe Pn snlent to imk- i ut the dtbt sn I
deficit of t) is anl ihe ntxt year, that those items
an o' iu to §1,866 000 less hull his aggregate
statement' Nor is th s all, the mess-i-e says thete
will f ill due Within tl,t thr e m >n h commencing
l t of June Treasn y note (incli'duig interest) to
the areoun of $"■ 850 000, nhi'c the Sec-e'iry, fot
pncis tv th" same pe iod, p it-, tben down (with
nlere ') a* $3,756 9"0—be ng a difference of
5,91,100' Asan • ih( Presiden estimate- the ex-
penditures for foe three nonli-s " 11340 000
and the S cretiwit §11,151,693—ocing adiff.'
lence of §18^ 307 Now thes- ai^ mcmgruities
?ppeint g i pon (he f "c of be di e meits t'lem-
selve , an I   t ;ei c-nn i tk Hoos , I •> V
.vill u'd r ^k° t < leconcile ihen, or to deci te be-
t/'tei theso dign'iripsi Should th 'e not be j
commis nn ip-o n >>d to tal < nese a-cou-ts, ex
amine tl em ir ' r por 11 th s hfooseatiu  late
un i tef tnc f?c s, refi ic r<- ps s this bill' When
h° disti'gotshed Senator fri m Kew Hampshire
[Mr. Woodbdry] was Secretary of ihe Treasury,
I recollect he was denounced in the most unmea-
sured terms for what they were pleased to call the
ooscunty of his reports and the want of grammati-
cal accuracy m the arrangement of his sentences;
July, 1841.
H. of Reps,
and, indeed, it was said an appropriation should
be made to cover the expense of teachimg him how
to construct his sentences, in order that his periods
might be rounded off and polished to suit the fasti-
dious taste of certain learned gentlemen fresh from
the schools. Well, sir, we now have a luminous
report from your financier, who haj been much
lauded here and el.ewhere for his transcendant
abilities; and although he may write good Eng-
lish, yet I undertake to say his budget exhibits
the most satisfactory evidence that he has never
made any great proficiency in the science of
numbers. He las been compelled, after expo-
sure 'n the Senate, to send in a communica-
tion c ectmg an error of $619,136 48 in his
repot' > 3,le by not placing that amount (having
b en ltf ved from the Bank of the United States,
on accoint of the War Department in the West,)
m his estimate of receipts for the mouth of March.
S'nce Ihen, he has discoverel another mistake to
the pmount of $500,000, which was charged in the
redemption of Treasury notes, and not credited,
as it should have been, m the rec°jp s from cus-
toms. These two admitted mistakes amount to
§1,119,130 48! Why, sir, you ought to make an
appropriation to teach him to "cipfter," drive him
into "solitude," and compel him to paddle his bark
upon some "desert waste of waters," until he fully
comprehended tho science. We are nutch mors
deeply mterested in the correctness of his figures,
than the beauty and eletrance of his diction. Bat
the fact is, the Secretary, when he «a  down to pre-
pate this report, had but one object m v ew: and
that was, to arrange his figures in such a way (if
possible) as lo show the n ces Uy of an extra ses-
sion of Congress In bis anxiety ti do this, he ne-
g ected to pay the proper Respect and attention to
the facts.
I do no1 propo e enters  into a critical exami-
nation of this report; it would be a work of super-
erogation, after the full and ample exposure made
by my friend from Nor h Carolina, (Mr McKay )
I can safely say, however, that I have never read
a document so well calculated, if not intended, to
malead th  public mind n relation to the finances
of tbis Government, as the rep^r' now before m .
That report is so arranged as to have made the im-
pression that the past Administration had entailed
a deb' of ihirty one millions upon the party t ow in
powei Indeed, within P ftw days p^.sf, I have
sea seveial papers, <vph the decbra ion at the
mist-head, "Keep il conslmlly before the peop'e, that
the Van Bu~en Mmwistrnlion left behind them, as a
legacy ti this, a debt of imrt,j one millions.'' Now,
s r, no gentleman lierepie "-'dsany such thing, nor
daie'Ik cecrriarv say >0, andie  tho=e who re-
crive these assemon fiom Whig n wspapcrs no
d Mbt believe them What, then, does the Secre-
tary say is trie debt an 1 deficit'* By turning to the
repoit, it will be seen tha> he estimafs ihe debt and
dffici', to be provi led fi r in this and the ensuing
year, at #12 083,215 18. I have no', in this cal-
culation, included the hrse smplas which he alleges
ought always to be kept m the Treasury, for that
sately is neither a "debt" nor a ' deficit," nor have
I found any g nt'emin here who endorses that re-
conme idation. Oí this §12,088 215 18 cf a debt
and deficit, he estimates that $5 251,388 30 will be
necessaiy between the 1st of June nnd the 31 t of
August. 1 only propose to examine thit portion
of thi  sum which refer to the p-esentyear, the
'ebt and deficit of next j ear h-\ve been full/ exp'am-
ed by others My oh] U ro^v i to sho a, from h's
ownrepi't, hat the,  was no necss ty v hatever
for a special session of Congress, and that the
means m tee Tre >spry w 11 be amply sufficient lo
no t ill thp demards ?7ainst >t, for the piesent
ye r at 'ei.st Now, |5 251 383 30 is the est ma-
ted deficiency which will pecrae previous to ihe
next regu ar session < f Congress. From this
amount jon must deduct the two mi-takes to
which I ha-e before al tided,) for they should
do h have been addel to the receipts for
tí e month of March, thus dim.ntshmg to that
extent the deficiency,) and it leaves the sum of
$4,132,251 82 Deduct from this t'-se new appro-
priations asked for at this session, (which, of course,
are neither debt nor deficit,) amounting to |2,521,-
336 98, and it leaves $1,610,914 84 unprovided
