July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
149
Loan Bill— Mr. Hunter.
H. of Reps.
ibr. Take, however, ihe estimated deficiency of
the President in his message, (being $4,845,000.)
and deduct ihe mistakes beiore refeired to, aad the
new appropriations recommended; and it leaves a
debt and deficit on the first of September next of
$204,526 54. So that, if job take the estimates
ot the Secretary in relation 10 the probable receipts
from customs for the balance of the year, and the
probable amount of Treasury notes which will be
presented for redemption, it will leave a "debt and
deficit" of only $1,610,914 84. Take ihe esti-
mate of the President, and it leaves oniy two hun-
dred mi four thousand jive hundred and twenty six
dolíais and fifty-four ants. Here, then, several uf
the Stales nave been compel ed, at an unusual sea-
sen of the year, 10 hold elections for Representa-
tives on this floor; and we have been called from
our homes at an expense of nearly half a million
of dollars to the people, to make provision for an
anticipated deciency m ihe revenue of §204,526 54
—or, at most, p,610,914 84 i Yes, sir, you spend
half a million in providing for a million; and this,
too, you call Whig reform. The whole of this
alleged deficiency would have been provided for
from the land tales, it you had cot (as I ¡earn from
the official paper) ordered the sales advertised to
be indefinitely postponed. Besides, I have no doubt
the result will prove that the Secretary, in his zeal
to make outa deficiency, has estimated the receipts
frem customs entirely tro low; whilst there is no
probjbiluy whatever that Treasury notes to the
anouut named will be presented for payment within
the year. Some oí them are drawing six per cent,
interest; and, in the present state of the money
market, the holders will be in no hurry about their
redemption, in addition to all this, the expendi-
tures rarely in any one year equal the appropria-
tions made. The hi-tory of the Government for
a senes ot years back will s'-.ow large balances of
appropriations unexpended, and carried over from
year to your. In ¡-hurt, I have no doubt that, un-
der a proper management of the Department, the
Treasury would have been not only able to meet
all the demands upon it, bat that there would t>3
on the 1st of January next a balance of from two
to three millions in the Treasury.
Upon these facts, which it seems to me are in-
disputable, how can you justify the creation of a
permanent debt of twelve millions of dollars? No
one can pretend that it will be required, unless our
country is involved in a war, which is not now an-
ticipated. It is bad policy in a Government, a:;
well as in an individual, to borrow mot ey to meet
current expenses if ihere is a permanent defi-
ciency id the revenue, it should be our duty lo
provide ior it by increasing the tariff at as early a
day as practicable; and, until ¡hat t- don«, why
not continue to use our ow.i credit in the form of
Treasury note's/! Ihe gre¿t objection urged by the
Secretary to the use of these notes is, that the peo-
ple will not know what amount has been i-sued,
and they may be involved in a large debt before
they aie aware ol it! Well,sir, is it not an easy
matter to guard asainst tin,-? Did it never strike
the luminous mind oí this brilliant Secretar;, that,
by the publication of the amount of Tieasury notes
issued and redeemed monthly and quartetly, the
people would be tally adviseU as to the amount of
indebtedness of the Government? Cannot these
new books wh.xh.has been opened Le si kept as to
enable this great financier to iurnish these facts?
But I dismiss-, the r«pori, trusting I have sho vn
satisfactorily that the Secretary, like other men, is
fallible; and that even the most sitgacious may oc-
casionally err.
Some other measures of relief have been dis-
closed. In addition to toia !eis of twelve millions
of dollars, the Committee of Ways and Means aie
to report a bill levying a duty of twenty per cvnt.
on certain articles, thus increasing the taxes some
five millions of dollars. This must be paid by the
productive class, whom you are pretending to le-
lieve. You leheve ihe Government by increasing
the expenditures and borrowing money, and you
relieve'the people by the imposition ot new taxes
upon them ! And this you call Whig reform ! It
has been said, "those whom the gods intend to de-
stroy, they first make mad;" if so, y< ur hour of
destruction in near at hand.    You are here in a
majority of some (orty-ñve or fiity; bat so grsat is
the contran-ty of opinion i.moiisst you on many
subjects, that it is s imewhat difficult to tell which
of the various factions represents the Administra-
tion. We have the Adminisiration proper and im-
proper—the practicables and impracticables—the
"Charleys" and ihe "¡adit-men," between whom
there is no.) a violent cin'e.-t going on touching
the establishment of a National Bank. Judging
from the fact that there aie a large number of
bankrupt pi.luic.ans in your patty, who have
squandered their fortunes in electioneering, it is
p-obable the ladle-men will eventually succec-d.-
The promise of soup has a poweiful influence
over a hungry partisan, whoee c nscieree ha- be-
come deadened by the up* and downs of political
life But it is a gree.t pity to sea a pa;ty which
yesterday stood forth m the pride ef conscious
strength, ready and willing lo crush us roer De-
mocrats to the earth, to-day divided and distracted
to such an extent as to render them almost impo-
tent. Al?% poor Whigery! ihy days are num-
bered: a few more months of triumph, anil thou
wilt be numbered with the things "that wer<>, but
aie not." If I aid not conscientiously b-lieve that
the salvation ot the country rt quires your defeat, F
would drop a tear of sympathy over your late; for
th°'e are some clever fellows amongst i ou.
You have two other measuies of relief to which
I must r. fer before I clo-e my remark-;—the re-
peal of the Indep- mient Treasuiy bill, s>id the in-
corporation of a National Bank. It is a part of
your contract to repeal the Independent Treasuiy,
and you should do it. No m itter how much you
have deceived the people, it oil! not do í'oi i ou to
prove faithless to your Rl!ies,the bankers; they !'on?br
manfully for you inth-la-t canva-s, and ;;¡e now
anxiou-ly loeki'ig i< r ¡heir remum ration m *he
custody and use of the public in asure. L.Uhe
money changes speculate up-u the peonl \ mo-
ney, and there will be at least one clues ui men
relieved, and ¡hat Cass for whom you have always
exhibited a special regard in your legislation. But
gentlemen aie m.s'aken when they say the people
have decided in favor of a Nahonrd Bank. The
President says iu his message that ic has been con-
demned hv ihe people whenever the issjc «as-
made. Toe Democratic party, in the r.-gion f'on
whence I come,charged and endeavond to prove
ihat if the H'buss were successful, a National
Bank, to "on'rol ihe currency and politics of the
country, would be established. Tisis the party
leaders dii.;iaiin°d :inl pronoun-ej a "Loco-Foco
slander " Bit I will not rleba'e the- question
now, as I drsign, when the bill reaches this Hou.e,
(unless nrevenied by your gag i ules,) expressing my
views fully upon it.
Wei!, Mr. Coa rman, are not ¡1¡-- ir .■•_■ fres your
party are.,ji.)'.v earryiog out ifio'-iig a-, hack
where Ha-Viilion placed the Cove:r..-lint in 1791?
You have injtrejtly ¡-.sstimed tr.e hue. debts; ■ ou
now propose lo create; and fund ?. rational dfb';
and you ate to mcorpoiate a Bat'k, and make its
vaults a public Tieasury. A'e ;n.t these the very
measures upon w.eieh ti.e p,.i''e' divídele,; the
commencement of our c -n-tLulioudl his on? and
r-r« not you of the Whis- paiiy truly r-pre.-tutiag
the old Federal pnncioUs? De you not see the
e.sr-markso; Federal-sor m each one of yoir mea-
sures? Yes, alterall ¡lie mn'atiuiisui"parnés and the
shifting of politicians, we are this day debiting the
very measures which consuluted the dividing line
between parties at the out et if our Government.
You and your part'/ ceeupy the identical gtooad
upon whiun Alex mder HaoiiI.ou placed h.m-iIt;
whilst we of the Democratic party stand where our
g'cat aposile, Thomas Jeüers.'ii, tisui s'ood. The
hut can no longer be concealed, and 1 do- re ir. ar.
e,-pecial manner to invoke ihe aticn,ioaol'i"y coiui-
tijmen to your ¡.re.-eni position. YuU L..ve now
disclosed a series i f measures strik;r,g ;u '¡ie very
existence of this good old Repnhi'can doctrines of
1793. Yoa ob ained power by pie-feeing atraen-
ment to the pnnciples of Democracy: hat you eow
drop the nv.sk, and the American p sop e behold
federalism, m ¡.llils deformity. D.d you led the
¡ii ople in the last election that, if successful,)011
intended to establish a National Bank, give it the
I custody and u>e of the public money, assume the
State debts, distribute the (¿nd"reVenue,..C£eaie.a
funded debt, raise the tariff, and.)i^fffsé~tne"éx-
petiditures oí the Government?$p. l"sft|i)p¿ you
dared not present such issues ttf''ffie%>i¡fr,$'íitt
never would have succeeded in thát'4pjltíéi; f¡S¿I
verily believe the great mass of my'ccouttryi$ién
are Democrats in principle, and will- !nóí- jsfjtóííi-t
any Administration unless its measures^fefté-
publican in their character. They'ypiiirl no^^Btth
their eyes open, delegate to you tbe'pqwei of .bar-
tering aw<.y the rich legacy bequeathe^ to théíi by
their fathers. This special session ^¡11 afford tbéili
satisfactory evidence of your abaidQnm'eWibfB^-
pubhean principle-, and of your fix,¿a^"deten¿i¿¿- •
ten to break down that equality ófpoíitijáál rights
vvhieh constitutes the only safeguard <>'f pofittlar
freedom.
SPEECH OP MR. HUNTER,
OP VIRGINIA.
In the   House of Representatives, July   10, 1841__
On the Loan Bill.
Mr. Chairman: I should not have said a wOíd
upon this bill, but tor the diiection which the dis-
nnguiihed gentleman from Pennsylvania [B¿r.
Sf.rseant] has given to the debate. But as itsééS¿s
that the oppo-ition to this measure is to be arraign-
ed before the country as disloyal to the' Cohstttu-
tiou ^nd the Union, tt behooves me to sky soiii'e-
ihmg in vindication of the vote which I sbjdl
give.                                                    " ' '"  '•''*-
I regret the order in which the Chairman 'of
the Ways and Means has been pleased to] tare Op
his measures, as his arrangement of business Bas
served to increase somewhat the difficulties in the
way of it fair consideration of this bill. It seeins
to me that the new tariff recommended by (he Se-
ct etary of tie Treasury, and now in course of pre-
pare tion, as I understand, by the Committee of
Y/pys and .".¡cans, should have been first pfesent-
ed. "We ought to have censidered he w fa'tra
were willing to impose additional burdens upon 'the
people, before we had created a deficiency, in our
revenues, by wasting the great inhéfitahce'of' ihe
public lands-, whose proceeds we have agreed to
scatter to the four winds of heaven, under (he dis-
tribution act which have lately passed, put espe-
cially ought we ro have delermined the iriode a'Bd
measure o! this new Ux before we took up the pro-
position to borrow, as upon the former afte^li011
woull depend not only the amount necessary *to
be borrowed, but the time for which thé íóan is "to
be rritide, should such a measure be'deemed indis-
pensable . For one, sir, I am far from believing
in the existence of any such inexorable necessity.
On trie contrary, I am of opinion that the méá/ns
provided and the appropriations made at the fast
re-euiar session were ample for the wants of the
country under a wise and economical administra-
ii n ot the finances. Nor do I believe that aty
tiong hue §12,600,000 will be required, in" ad-
dition to the present reee/arces, to enable the
Secretary to expend all that it is possible ft>r
him to disburse, even upon the scale of his o^n
eitravajant demands. If this be a fr'ue view
of the cas>e, Í may fairly vote against this bill,
as not Justine,; by the real wants of the country,
and as an unnecessary burden to be imposedupon
tiie t,eople. But, sir, I have yet higher grÓHnás
ofoiij-cioa to the measure, when I view it* asa
convenient and, perhaps, necessary part of a sys-
tem which, when once cemented and ¡secured, will,
i'j my opinion, amount to a revolution itself in the
srn.it of our political institutions. Aad although
to,- gentleman from Pennsylvania may inriifiáte
'ha- this opposition proceeds irom disloyalty, to'the
Consolation and the Union, I will í'nSeáW* pre-
s.mly to demonstrate that it is his system, and riot
toe opposition to it, which is calculated to destroy
both.
But, Mr. Chairman, is if true that Congress, at
its last session, had provided for all the just
-.«■ants of the publ'c service and of the Treasury,
undtr a wise and economical administration of the
finances?   A brief reference to the past will show.
I' has been declared, (without contradiction, I
believe, from any quarter,) that, under the admi-
nistration ol all former Secretaries, with the excep-
tion of a single year, the annual expenditureii'rJad
