July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
27th Cong—1st Skss.
Loan Bill—Mr. McKeon.
H. of Reps.
find it. The application of this, rule must, ac-
cording to your notions, ¡>ir, m the nature of things,
be what you have so eloquently denounced "ubi>o-
lute, unincumbered despotibm "
Democratic Administrations have   turned out
some—many, if you please—political opponents
to give place to political friend1;; and on the «male
ground that tney had the right and power to pre-
fer their friends, to their opponents     But, on   this
point, let me observe that no man ean say, from
his individual knowledge, how it is over the whole
country, but here we can know, and heie we do
know the fact, that a majority of the subordinate
officers in the Executive Depanmen's have, during
the last twelve years,   been opoosed to   General
Jackson's  and Mr. Van   Buren's administrations.
They were faithful and competent   officers, I be-
lieve; at all events, they were not reached by our
spirit of proscription.    Where for  the last  twelve
years your political friends haveenjojed a majority
of ihe p'aces, how have our friends   been   treated
now that the tables are  tamed'!   They have not
escaped your 'harper   and brradet axe, wielded
against your open and universal profess ons    But,
whatever was done by the   late   Administrations,
was not ¿one under false pretences.   We put 'orth
no canting hypocritical circular ; we stood   before
the   nation   and   the   world  on  t> e  naked,   un-
qualified ground that   we preferred our I riends to
our opponents, that to confer o'ace was our privi-
lege, which we chose to exerci e      I  ought not
to bay we chose, sir, for  Í will  say—what ihose
friend* best  acquainted with me know— hat therj
was nothing  in    the   admimstiation  of  General
Jackson whn h I so unifoimlv failed to  justify as
the removal of one viortby officer  to give place to
another.    Rut, tnat removals have oecjrrei, ii not
the  tnmg c f    ¡net  I  complain     I complain oí
your h)pocnsy   I eharr   that you' pre s and your
leading orators mace prom *-es 1i the nation wh c i
they did no*, intend'o-eceim, an t wh ch they no '
vainly a tempt to covtr up by coowebs     The Se-
nator from Sjuth C .rohna ne^r mo [Mr Calhoun]  I
remarked  ye,terday, t>if he had  no language *->  |
express the infamy which, in nis judg < ent, must at
tach to that  man who nad been beiore the people   I
raising his vo ce in the general shout that pro«rnp-  .
Hon was to be proscribed, and  was, in the face of J
such a tion, now here begging for place at the
footstool of povvei     If my heart ever iJsponded
fully, unqualifiedly, to any sentiment, it wa¿, to that
Fortunatel), b fore the ktea scrutiny of our coun-
trymen, disguises a e vain mask-, unavul og  The
practice of the present Adm niviratiop his   Ire,dy
fixed upen its professions me of two things—th*
stamp either of tru'h  oi of falsehood, the people
will judge which
One word more, and 1 l ave this subject—a
painlul one to me, I rom the b sinning to the end
The Senator from No th Car In a, in the course o
his íematks ihe ih- other day, a-k->', ' Do gentle-
men expec thjt ihtii Iriem' are to be reíame 1 in
office against the will of ihe nation' Are they so
unreasonab e as to expect whit tie circumstances
and the necess ty ot the case forbid'" What our
expectations were, is not iV qu^s ion now; mt
what were your p edge'and promises before the
people On a previous «etasun, the distin-
guished Sena'or from K>utucit> [Mr Clay] made?
similar remark- "An ungracious task, bid ¡he nation
demands it " Sir, this de p^nd of the nat on—t us
plea oí "State necessity," let me tell gentlemen, is as
old as the his,oiy ot wronj and oppression li ha
been the standing plea—tie nevr failing ie oi\ of
despoti m
The great Julius found it convenient, when he
res ored th« dignity of the Roman Senate, but de-
stroyed it  independence. It gave countenance to
and jastifie i, all the atrccities of the inquisi ion in
Spam. It gave utterance to the stifled groans from
the bh"k hob- of CalcucU It was wni'en in tears
upon " ho bridge of sighs" in Venice, and pointed
to thos  dark lecesses., upon, whose gloo ny portal-,
there «as never «een a returning footprint.
It was the plea oí the austere an 1 ambitious
Strafford, in the days ot Chalen the First It filled
the Bastile of France, and lent its sanction to
th<  ternbie atiociues perpetrated there It was this
pit a that snatched the mild, eloquent, and patn
rtic Camille De mouhns from his young and
beautiful wife, and hurried him upon the hurdle
to the guillotine, with thousands of others equal-
ly unoffending and innocent I' was upon ihts
plea tnat the gieate^t of generals, if not of men—
you c nnot n ts'ake me—I mean him, the pre
sence if whose very ashes, within the Ian few
icon tu, tas snfii-n-nt to sur the hearts of a conti-
nent—ii wa upon tbi  pira that he abjured that no-
b'e wife who ihreivaround bis humble da} slight and
gladness, and, by her own lofty energies an 1 high
intellect, encouraged his aspirations. It vas upon
this plea fhit he committed that worst and most
fita! ct of his tventful life. Upon this, 'oo, he
dre>" around nis person the imperial pin pie It has
in all times, and in everv age, been ihe fo> of li-
berty an 1 the in Impensable stay of usurpation
Where were the chiins tf despotism e/er thrown
aioupd the freedom oi «peech and of the pre s, but
on th s plea of "State necessity1)" ]>t the spi-
rit of Charles the Tenth and of his m nis.ter¡> an-
swer
It is cold, s-lfish, hearties', and na  always been
icgardless of age, sex, condition, service1., or any
of the m< idents of life that appeal to patriotism or
humanity
Wherever its authority Las been acknowledged,
i' has a «ailed nen wno stood by tneir country
when she n eded s roí g arms and bold heart', and
has a ail d nem when, maimed and disabled in
hti serv c , they c^uld no longer brat.disha wtaptn
in her de enc
It has affl </ed th- feebb and dependent vure for
t'ie i^ia^tnarv faults of the husband
It has stricken doím mnoetnee in its heautj
} ou h n it, fa s^ness, mnohood in its vigor, and old
ase in it fecblene s and drrrepitude. Whatever
o her p ei e¡ api Icgy miy be si t up for the *wecp-
m", ru bl-ss ( *erc eofihisrml gui'lo'ine at the
i> e en' iv, i*> 'a" r>' ° of Liberty, let i ie
o j-elil, ft rful me rf "Slate necessity" i i this
ca ly >p o |t " R public, up< n the fli or of ¡he
4iDrtini P nat0, m the face of a peop'e yet fr p
SPEECH OF MR. MoKEON,
or r\rw \orjk
In the I dine of Rrpi esentahves, July !)   1841—in
Co nmittie ot  he Wno'e on the bill authori/ui¿
a 1' ai ot t veiv ■ rrullio is of d dlars
Mr. "VcKEON ro e nth^r to make  ume inqui-
ries th in lo off r any studied e4ort against tie b'll
Rcmirks wh ch had be°n m it  in the course of ihe
oebale   f th-day,   tiroiip>d him  to a'dns  ihe
CTimri'ie     He   >"t he! th t  he roidrt fill w the
tdvxe siven  ty  'he g^-tlemai   fi ¡m Mi   achu-
-e t-, [Far   Cu iiimg ]  in '   a    n tj di i ussing  he
'Uhje t und"    deo-  e     II   feltth   'orceofhsfb
-eivit o is, bui ft t e    rae lime, witn the exiuiple
be ore hm,  given  bv  the  dist nsui hed  merrb^r
from 1' nn-  u'in   [Mr    Si rgea\t]   pur1 o hers
who p ccedtd '  m (Mr   McK ) in t us di"cnssio ()
he wa    at  fi d that he c uld without any difficulty
speakh s diue r f time >ut and not expose himscl'
1   li being cil'ed  to  ord r   for  n eltvaie/     I nd r
)our hiu-syste ,i—'his  h t i-ventnnif the ma-
|  jo'ity__t me i  pre<-iou       Yon  c mpel ill to eoii-
pr ss tl eir th ughts i  to  ? shape   chill  will  not
I  consu   p mr rp   ban on  hour n delivery
|      To    ddress this House in  o r'"r   to   cii.'Mice
tne   mjoiit},   whiJi  nib     vilh   despotic   si aj,
I  is  no'    s/    fo,e       I   sna 1   it">mpt   no   sucn
j  imposs bi ny.     Hal    up    ot    the   minority   ihe
n ,f(in   of   Solomon,   \\c   could   not   succeed
I You hi vo the power i   yeurhpnds, jou  have the
1    i pos t on to exercise tha pow°r, and no hmg re
mains for us but *o sound the plarm to the country
Some taousand   of freemen have s nt rre into this
Hall to wa'ch thei>   in "rests, and I tris thty will
find I am net forgetful of ih  trust thev have confi-
ded to me   I stand here sp akmg to Buncombe, a-
the gentleman f-om Virginia [Mr Wist] said ¡his
mornn:—-o my people, Mr Chatrmar, ard, if I
san  only be  repor en,  they shill hear    rom  me
whenever your majority, <s m this ose, is abtut
to manacle ihem and their mdustiy to themone>el
pow°r if tht old world and the new.   We are here
in a new eia    The gentleman from Massachusetts
forgets  that he and his friends are in power, and
have now all respon ibdity on them. It is in vain
to cast censure on the past Administration. I have
heard much blame cast on the late Executive of the
Union. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Co HiNa] says that the present Administration inhe-
rited a debt which ihey now ask you to fund Let
the people mark the progressof these newschemes of
relief. The first measure of the party now in power
was to scatter I'm proceeds ot the public domain
among the States, lo gives the means of the Gene-
ral Government to the States Tne second maasure,
now under consideration—ihis very bill—is to bor-
row twelve millions of dollars because you are m
debt. But ihe gentleman from Massachusetts says
the late Administration bequeathed this debt. If
they did, wnioh is not so clear, as shown by gentle-
men who have preceded me in this discussion, we
left vou also a large landed estate. As heirs, you
took the property subject to debts, but, like faithless
executors, you have distributed the land amongst
ihe legatees before you have paid the just debts
outstanding. Do gentlemen consider they now are
executors of great public trusts? It will be im-
possible to avoid r' sponsibily by arraigning the
past We have oeen arraigned—tried, most un-
fairly tried, convicted, and sent into exile. You
are now in the high pUc s ot the nation, and
mus', in your turn, be tried, not on the misdeeds of
your predecessors, but on your own c nduct of the
affairs of the nation.
I rise, sir, to set sonie things right before the peo-
ple. Tnis morning, while tae gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr Wattersin] was addressing the
commt tee, it was u iderstood thit a remark made
to him by i colleague of mine, [Mr Moh«an,] was
calculated to leive an impression which I cannot
believe was intended It was in reference to the
famous Ogle speech Many of those who sit near
me belie\ed thit mj colleague said that a justifica-
tion for th vole of the Whig party, for an spprc-
p-iation of $6 000 to furnish the President's
Honsp, was 11 be found in toe fact, that on the
4'h of last March, wnen (he lale President went
>n o the President's mansion, the greater part of
the furniture was not to b" found. The impres-
sion was left o'i the minds of many, that he charged
the late President with abstrarttng that furniture.
Such, certainly, can.iot have been my colleague's
lnitntioni    1 panst for a reply
Mr. Morgan said, mat hedí i not charge Mr.
Van Buen with any such thin,, but he said that
$70 000 weie appropi atcd <or furniture during
General J-  k on's and Mr Van Bureri'a term ot
service, th-a on the clos of Mi Van Buren's ad-
mimstiationtho fnrmlme left w% vorth very little,
and thissht ve 1 that the mor ey ha i either been mis-
spent, o- not -pent, and that the ameles ot furni-
ture were not 11 be lound But he did not intend
to charge Mr  Van Burén wi h any share of that.
Mr ¡VcKfon. Well sir, I am glad no one is
h*r to cu i"t t' tcx l're id nt f int. United States
with th s Ii my eo' i igne wcildcMiMdei, pe haps
he won d hid tnat the wear and teir cf furniture
tor tweite jeari would, rnewh at affect its price.
If there have been w ongs commuted about the
exoendi are of me appropria ions his par y sheuld
have, and probably wotil 1 have, if it existed, ex-
pose t the wion  If property has been abstracted,
you shouhl now take measures t > recapture the
proper y, and mlcr ineoffinder. I might perhaps
i\ more on his smjrct, but I will not. The topic
is i ne wh ch I have touched noon, not without ex-
treme reluctance Indeed, but (tr the request of
tv>os> proond me, I should not have referred to it.
T ley ha -e desired that no doubt should remain as
•n he supposed charge I will not contend with
this Administration on such pomis. We strike at
higher game
I turn now to another codeisue, and ask his at-
tention for a few moments about this debt of the
Government. I find the bill on your table propo-
ses to botro* twelve millions to pay our debts.
Th'S He use 15 evidently at a loss to know exactly
our ndebiedne"". The Secretary of the Treasury
and ihe Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means say that will be a sufficient amount. What
says m> cob ague [Mr Barnabo'] Wnere is his
amount of $40,000,000 of debí Will he not move
to increase ths amount to §40 (100,000, or to   any,
