July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
27th Cong....1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
third," 'She residue shall be subscribed lor by ibe
Secrt'ary of the Treasury, on behalf of ihe Uni'ed
Sutes." Th.«¡ res due may, therefore, amount to
$6 666,6GG In all human probability, as I shall
show hereafter, the Gi verameut will not only own
the one third, but more than the one half of the
whole capital of the Bank.
But how shall we obtain the money to make ihe
investment At this age of the world we are actu-
ally to go in debt to buy Bank stock ' We a e to
borrow sixteen mdlions and an half of
dollars, and the greater part of it from Eu-
rope, not redeemable until after fifteen years;
we are to create this dtbt, and fasten it as a hen
on the tiade and industry ot the people of this
country, to bay Bank stock' Excellent invest-
ment • M^st wi«c financiering ! I do not believe
that the Senator from Kentucky will ever invent
his own money, much le s borrow money to m-
ve t m the stock ci this B^r.k. I would be very
sorry, for h s sake, if he should do either the one
or the othe>\
When Gen. Jack-on's administration had by its
w se eco.iomy di charged  ihe last doilar of our
na'tonal deb , there was a general jubilee through-
out the country. Every American citizen,no matter
how humble might have been hn condition, felt more
proud of his native land.   And why?   Because
it was free from debt, and in this respect presented
a striking contrast  with  all other Governments
on f-e face of the earth   Now this proud, elevated
and ennoolmg di tmction is to be abandoned, and
that forever, tor the  ake  of buying bank stock!
It would  be bad enough m all conscience to make
fti^ purchace if we had the m ney m the Trtasury
to pay for it; but to run m debt sixteen  millions
anl a half for such a purpos-  does appear to me
to be the most supremely ndicul us po icy which
was ever pursued by any people.    This is finan-
ciering worthy  of the head  of ihe Treasury  Da
panment whose annual report  no Senator has yet
even attempted to justify except the gallant and able
S na'or from Mame, [>Sr.   Evans]    In this at-
tempt he stood alone unaided by any of bis politi-
cal friends.     (Mr. Bfnton.  And  was exhausted
from  the effort )     No sir,   (continued Mr. Bu-
chanan) he is not exhausted; but will again, I trust,
undertake to defend the report.    His abilities will
be >everely taxed for this purpose when the twelve
million lo?n bill shall reachus from the other House.
Yes,   sir,   we   shall   be   c mp°lled   to   take,
not   only    ten,    but   mi een    millions    ard    a
half   of    ths    sU.ek       I    admit   it   is   possi-
ble   that   men n ay   be lound  to subscribe  the
remaining thirteen millions, and a half, and become
the partners of the United States to  that amount,
but if they  should, they will not be the strong and
prud ni capitalists of the country, but speculators
and mdiv dua's vbo  want to  borrow and net to
lend, ana who will  enter the concern for tV pur-
pose'of ennenmg themselves, by obtaining the us
of ihe people's mon^y deposited with the Bank
Why, sir, bank stock has gone down every where
The Tf of «¡>fe or profitable investment in such
st"tkhas passed away    The days  when bank-
were mai ged for the benefit of th-ir stockholders
are with the years beyond the flood   The dividends
are no\/small, when any are made,   Ani wh\!
B ciu*e the   'ockho'ders are plundered by the di-
rec ors^nd officer of th   Bank, and their money
is sq'andereü Mpon sptcu at rs anu favorites.   No
prudent cpnali^t now bujs bank slock, and above
aU, he w ll keep c'eai of stock in this great politi
cal miqhme which we are about to cuate.
We are to ch .rter this new Ba -k without r*-
ceivirg any bonus Ihe late BinK gave us a nail-
lion «¡ad a half of dollars for the privileges ton
ft i red by its twenty yeas' charter. This was a
cheap pu,chase on the pait of the Bank One and
a hilt millions was a small bonus, whether we
c n ider trie value of the pnvi'ege  which the peo-
ple surrendered, or the advantages which the char-
ter conferred upon those, I do not, of course, mean
the stockholders, for \vhnse benefit the Bank was
conducted. This <nm would now go far m erect-
ing fortificat ons, and placing our country m a pro-
per attitude of defence. Bit ihe committee have
determined not to accept any bonus from the new
Bank, and the Senator from Kentucky has given
us the reasons for ibis deternr mtioi. And in the
first place, he s,iys, that bonus *-ounls like another
word b°ginnm> with a B, meanins bribery, I sup-
pose, and theiefore because the woids bonus and
bribery b gin with the same letter of the alphabet,
the people are to be deprived ot one and a half
millions of dollars. This fancy of the Senator
will cost them dear.
But the Senator gives us another reason for de-
mand ng n i bonus He says we shall borrow the
money to buy our Bank s ock at five per cent.,
whilst the dividend we shall receive upon it will be
seven per cent Here, then, is a difference in our
favor of two per cent, and th s w 11 be bonus
enough
The fir t Bank of the Uni ed Sates went into
operation with great advantages. There we e th n
but three banks in existence throughout the Union
Although it did interfere m the politics of the coun-
try, it was go veined by prudent and wise men, who
had a vie-v to ihe interest of the stoekhol er° The
Senator from Kentucky says that this Bank divi-
ded, on an avenge, more th?n eight per cent dur-
ing the whole period of its charter. Although  uch
dividends were made, yet the real profits received by
the stockholders on their investment but little ex-
ceeded seven percent This reduction was occasion-
ed by the loss of ínteres  sustained in winding up
the concern I have the documents before me to
establish this fact. I shall not read them, but will
most cheerfully subiat them to the examination of
any Senator.
Bat I marvel, sir, whilst the Senator from Ken-
tucky told us what the first Bank ot the United
States divided, that he had not given us some in-
formation in regard to the dividends of the second
or late Bank I shall tupply this deficiency This
Bank, during the period of its existence under the
chsrter from Congress, was, m the op n on of the
Senator, the be*u ideal of a National Bank. Wis-
dom and prudence presided in it  counsels, and it
was managed to perfection It furnished the best
currency which the world ever saw, and, in the
opinion of Senators on this side of the House, was
a great blessing to the whole people of the Union.
What did it divide? I answer, on on average, but
a very smill fraction over five per cent and one-
quarier. I do not speak of ih  period since it be-
came a S ate institution, but confine myself to the
time during which it was a National Bank I have
al-o the documents before me to verify the truih of
this statement, and they are subject to the inspec-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky. And I speak
not now of the large portion of the capital of this
Bank which was «quandered whilst it was acting
under i s chaner from Congress And yet the peo-
ple of the United States are to grant exelusive pri-
vileges to tnis new Bank du.ing a period of twenty
years wnhoit any bonus, on account of then o
per cent which we ani to teceive m Bang divi
dends above ihe tvie five per cent, interest which
we mubt pay to foreign and domestic capitalists,
for th  money which se «-hall borrow to enable us
to make lbs very wise investment.
Mr Clay. Will the Stra or allow me one mo
met' What I Slid was ihat I disliked a bcius:
but that we g it bonus or compensation in the ex
cess of the oivijen! b-yond the seven percent
which we weretopuunto the Treasury of the United
States. I neve' slid that ihe difference between the
five and the seven per cent was to be the bonus,
but I urged this to prove that it was no bad bargau
on the part of ihe Government, an! m regard to
the bonus, 'hat we got that in payment of it which
was beyond the dividend of seven per cent.
Mr Buchanan resumed I should be sorry to
misunderstand the S tiator, and even from his own
fiplana'ion, I have misimdeisiood him in terms
rather lhan in substance In that portion of his ar-
gument relating to a bonus he spoire of ihe profit
which we should deuve from borrowing money at
five per cent and receiving dividenJs at the rat- of
sevin per ceit, It now se°ms that the equivalent
for a bonus is to be, not this difference ot two per
cent but thesurplos pnfis beyond a dividend of
seven per cent which the Bank is to p?y into the
Treasury. This i even a «till more forlorn hope
for a bmus than I had imagined. The poor girl m
the fable, with 'he basket of eggs upon her head,
nevei, in my judgment, made a more extravagant
cal ulation. I shall arrive at the point which re-
lates to these surplus profiis presently, but will in
Ihe mean time proceed wiih my aigument. Before
I leave ihis branch of th> subject, however, let me
ask the Senator, even if this new bank should be
conducted with the same ability as that of the old,
which doubtless, in his opinion, would be a diffi-
cult task, what becomes of Ihe two per cent, fund
on which he calculates? It is gone—gone: and the
surplus beyond it, which is to be his borus, is in a
still more desperate condition.
The Senator informs us that this bank stock
will be leadily taken; and why? He says there is
a gre*t deal of unemployed capital in the country
whiih is now seeking a safe and profitable invest-
ment, and this is doubtless the fact But why has
this capitil remained unemployed' It is solely on
account of this special session of Congress. Had
business been permuted to flow in its regular chan-
nels, had the agitation of a Bank of the United
S ates been suspended, and had the country been
blest with a short season of repose, capitalists
would eie this have invested their money in such a
manner as to benefit themselves and promote the
prosperity of the whole people. It is this eternal
political agitation—this never-ceasmg party strug-
gle to which the called session has imparted new
vigor—tnat has locked up capital eirery where and
has prevented it from being usefully and profitably
employed Men of business can now make no cal-
culations m advance. Every thing in the future is
shrouded in uncertainty and gloom.
But will the real capital of the couutry seek an
invi slment in thi- Bank'   No, sir, never     I  will
tell you the investment which it  will seek.    The
Senator, it he had intended to force this unemploy-
ed capí al ¡mo the Bank, ougiü not   to  h;ive   cre-
ated a Government loan  lo come in competition
with his Bank stock     This five per cent   loan of
sixteen millions and a half, will be preferred by
capitalists.   He himself has thus furnished a much
better and infinitely more secure investment than
the stock of his Fiscal Bank.   If, in addition to
this loan, and for the purpose of carrying out the
farce  that the late Administration has left the
country in debt sixteen millions of dollars, we
should borrow twelve millions more in order to
pay this imaginary debt, the whole would then
amount to nearly twenty-nine millions of dollars.
Tnis sum will be more than sufficient toabsorball the
dormant capital in the country; and it wi lbeihevery
best and satest investment which any  man can
make.     I declare most  solemnly  that I would
raiher be the owner of one hundred thousand dol-
lari of this United States five per cent loan, than
to hold two hundred thousand dollars  of stock in
the Ban!- if I were ob'jged to keep it for fifteen
years.    1 should not hesitate a sirgle mawient  in
making the choice.    I know the stock will become
a subject of pamblim? speculation, and that it may
be raised °bove ppr in the market, bat in the end
it will probably s nk as low as the stock of me late
Bank has already done, to the destruction of the
credulou>! and unsusp°ctmg     Whilst speculators
may enrich themselves by i s purchase and sale, at
the last the Bank will fa1!, as the lat  Bank has al-
ready fa l*n, ard as every Bank must fall which
abandon? its own proper business for the purpose
of engaging in thepoli'ics of the country.   This
Bank, trom tae necessity imposed upon it by the
law of its existence, must be a political Bank frem
the very beginning.
The ¡senator has presented us with a list of re-
sanctions in the charter of this Bank which be
thinks will work wonders m restraining it within
proper limits     Restrictions' you might as well at-
tempt "to tether flame with flax°n brand," as to
b.rd a Bank of the United States by paper restric-
tions.    To what restrictions did the laie Bank ever
submit from  its origin  until its end, when any
strong mterrst impelled it to violate them?    I ^hall
not now trouble the S nate with a H--t of Mich vio-
lations o' its charier. The truth is, that the directors
of such a Bank well know,  that afier it has got
fairly into operation, its sud< en destruction would
mflic1 so many evils upon the country, that they will
always calculate upon impunity foi their miscon-
duct.    I should, therefore, esteem  the lestrictions
