ira_____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________        July, 184*:
27th Cong--"1st Sess.                                         Pub'ic Lands—Mr. Pickens.                                             _________H. of Reps.
sions an en pire a va^t and extensive in lis re-
sourses as ihe ludes. Cast your eyes over the
map of that mighty country, laved as it is by the
Pacific <n one side, and that stretches itself
to the Gulf of Mexico in the Sou h, and jour great
inland seas m the North, end you will see that it
embraces a region from wh'ch empires may be
earved. Where is the American heart that does
not exult wi h pude to trace the Missouri and the
Mississippi a* Ihey roll thiough that noble valley
destined to bean irh°ntance for millions cf free-
men? Let us rejoice m its hills and plain11'—i s
rivers, and mountains and lakes, ra her than
look upon Ihem with the miser's eye as sources
from whence we are to draw future contributions,
to be dividid amongst the needy and the avari-
cious. You pro; ose, by this bill, to lay that great
and growing region under annual exactions, col-
lected, not for die common support and common
defence of a united country, but to be distributed
among those who will be pensioned? sturly beg-
gars around jour plundered Treasury Why are
we now called upon to chance your pres nt land
system, which bus been adopted almost fiom the
commencement of your Government, and under
which such great results have been produced?
Look back only thiity years ago, (a very short
time in national existence,) and has the world ever
seen such a change m a countr ? Your prest nt
system h is in that period brought into ex-
istence nine S atts of this Confederacy. For-
ty years ago, and we had but a handful of
daring, enterprising citizens who had sought a
home in the wilderness of the West, but now they
hold apcpulation equal to that winch achieved
our independence in the war of the Revolution
Peace, and happiness and power, and civilization,
have been the fruit  of your pre ent system, and
wily now mal e this great and veal change? Are
we prepared to act on this vast and comprehen-
sive snbj'ct at this extra session? You tread upon
unknown ground. Oilier Governments have, by
fatallegislat on, lost their fin st possessions, and
we, too, by hasty and unwise legislation now, may
lose our control, and finally our power, over the
nob'est country that ever expanded its bosom to
the sun of Heaven
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr Johnson]
rests this bill, and the rrhtot this Government to
make the distribution, under the Virginia ordi-
nance of 1784, and oth r gr&nls from the States
making a transfer oí the^e lands to the Federal
Government He contended that we were bound
to make this distribution Mr P slid he would
not follow the gen leman [Mr Johnson] trmusih-
out his ingenious ard tit (jue.nl argument upop the
construction rf ilnsi deed-, ot ces nn I will not
stop to chop logic ii| on wi rds with hat gentleman
The aigumcnt upon that point had 1 st winter been
exhausted m the other end oi this Capitol, and to
go into it would be but to ticad upon the same
ground NeiherwillI, Mr Chairman, appeal to
the abracadabra of the Constitution, that has long
since ceased to have its charm upon this commit-
tee I fear ihat copsecrated parchment is heieal-
ter to become, in the future struggles of the Repub-
Jic, any thine tint power may choose to ma1 e it
But, sir, l1 I were to dwell upon the construction
of those deeds oí c ion, I should he total'v at a
loss to kn^w how the words ' common fund,"
which were u*ed in all thee gnnts, could be con-
strued to mean a sep rate fund belonging to the
States'eoariteh Divide ti s "common fund,"
¡ nd give it li to State- separately, and
what is the result? Ycu distribute it to ihe
States; an 1 by the very act of distribuí oi
you will destroy the very kngu ge of the gr.dil«.
That w'iich is declaitd to be "common" becomes
separate Th1 Lpgmge is, "a common fund for
the use and brn fit o .ill the Sate " By distri-
bution you mike it a seperate f ¡n i Sot the use and
benefit of each State nstrtd of "all Ihe Sutes "
It is a gross and palpable «oleeism. Th  lan-
guage is so pla n ihat it can hardly beai comment.
Again,~we see the languag" is, ' according to their
respective proportion- in the gpneral charge and
expenditure " Now, if gentlemen claimed distn-
tion to the States under these grants, they must
make it upon the rule which the grants lay  down
accordirgtotheirdocirit.es "Acco ding to their !!
respective proportions m the g- rnal caaiep and ])
expenditure"—what wjs t^e meaning <f t^a'?
Could we UDders ?nd t under our present sys em?
No' «e rrust go back o the p-nod of. adoption of
those grants They wtp made under the An cle 
rf Confederat on—previous to the adoption of the
Federal Consuluuoi We all know that, under
the Confederation, Congress had no power to lax
directly But eich Sta e hdd it«¡ quota of taxes to
raise, to brar its ' proportion in the g neral charge
and expend ture " Ctnsre-s fix d the ratio or
prcportion for each- *3tate, and each S ate raised
that by ¡axat on to suit itself What revenue was
raised, was from the States as Stales N.w, unler
this S5 s ees re can unde stand the terms ustd in the
grants Tl ey m'ant that whatever misfet eomp
in from (he lands m  ht ba a ' common fund" ior
the "ire and benefi of all theSiateo"—"according
to their respective proportions m the general
charge and expenditure " That is, that their re-
spective proportions in the general charge should
be dniTitshed by the s?me ra'io apphed to the
calculation of the amount put into the "commrn
fund" from ihe 1 ,nds For instance, if that' com-
mon fund" was three millions annually, then the
Sid tes were to have ihat amount passed to their
credit, "m the general charge," in the same pro-
portion that their quofa of taxes had been esti-
mated by the Ftderal Gsvernment
There is no other meaning to it And I defy any
man to understand it without taking into considera-
tion the manner in which the Federal Government
apportioned out taxes amoi git tite Stat s un'er the
Articles of Con/ederation. The adoption of the
present Conuiiution h d changed t^e v hole power
of taxation Congress was now enabled to raise
taxe" directly fiom the peopl  instead of the S ate*
As tar as th* powei of fixation wis involved by
this Government, we were now made one people
Revenue was collected from the people instead ( f
the S ate" And I defy you, under th* precent sj s-
tem, to tell what is the 'respective proportion in
the general charge" to any S ate m the Union. It
cannot be done If it be true that these word jus-
tify distribution to the Slates, then the rule Jaid
down by th" grant itself cannot be executed No
s r1 it is all a fallacy The substance of the grants
was to make it a "common fund " And if the
r le laid down in the grants has been changed, it
1 as bei n donp by l' e adoption of thp Federal Cop-
s ¡tutu n, and Virginia herself his assented to ihat
clnngi by ai lunig to the Con>u ution That in-
strumen' now makes a common Treasury, a d
give powpr to ihe Federal G vernraent to fi 1 it by
eollertins taxes Irom f-e people instead of the Stales,
as formerly, and you have no light to make that a
separate 'und uhuh comes into the c tnmon frra
sury asa "common fund " There is wither log c
nor ju lice m the construction that assumes disin-
bution is a c< nsequenre ÍK m the grants If you as-
snrre to distribute under the giants, you must be
controlled by the rule they lay down if you go
according io "ineir respective proportions in the
general charge," what right have you, in equi y, to
divide amongst the ne i Slates first ten per cent,
fiom the pro eeds over anl above then common
sha e m this ' common fund'" Yet th s bill pro-
po es <o Rive th n that much besides their grneral
dmdend, and also a laige amount ol lands over anl
atove You claim in one line to be gove ned by
the grants, ard yet, in the next, you u'teily disre-
girl ihem The tiuth is, the Constitution has
m^de i ->o")"^on Trea u y, and all iuals coming
ieto it aie common tun ]«, applicable to the specific
objects gra"led in tnat i istrunwnt, and whenever
you seek ou! < ther objec s rot dffj r j, j on travel
int) a wild fie'd oí imcerta ntv, where eoti"üue ion
become-, law, and power executes whatever may
be dictated by interest Since tne adoption oí the
Const! ution there cannot le, m the nature cf
things, sí párate funds in the revenue, and to div de
the Treasury, or any part of it, as of right to the
separate States, it to denationahzt tne Umtn
Bui, independent of this, where is your right to
go beyond the Mississippi and seize upon the lands
purci^ed by tteatyi The grants from the Statss
were confine! to lands this side of that river. We
purchased Florida, al o, by treaty, and, besides,
we paid Georgia for what we got Irom her, em-
bracing Alabama and Mississippi, except a narrow
strip of land south of ihe 35ih deg. of la lUde, tun-
ning du" west to the Mississippi, xshich South Ca-
rolina gran ed.   The g'an's from Connecticut and
New York embraced lands lying in the Cañadas,
and were, to a gr at extent, of no avail    Tennes-
see was carved fioai  North  Caro ma, and Ken.
tucky from Virginia.    So that the grants, m reali-
tj, are applicab'e to no part except that rich and
beruiful country that lies between the Ohio and
Mi «issippi, embiac.ng vhat was called the Nor h-
wesiern Territory.    Extens ve, rich, and valuab e
as it is, emb ac ng, ao it docs, four powerful States,
with the probability of another very soon, yet, as
compared with c'l that va°t region that stretches
melt from the Mississippi  to  the Rocky Moun-
tain and to he Pacific, where nature revels in her
loveliest and mo^ favon'e retreats, it is but small
And when we take into consideiation that most of
it is now set'led up, and  then  compare  the land*
that are now to be sold there, with tho<e that are
to be brought into market in the Territories, that
have been purchased by treaty, and it is "as a drop
in the bucket, and dust in the balance."  Tne lands
purchased by treaty, with the iscidental expenses,
have cost forty millions of dollars    This was paid
for out of the common Treasury, by taxes raised
from every portion of the Union    This land was
paid for by ihe old States, and whe e is tne princi-
ple, or where is the justice, that ¡u s their proceeds
up for division upon the same grounds that you
claim under ihe grant from Virginia, which you
say created a specific trust funo?   Ihere must be
something understood in this more   than  would
strike the supeificial observer.   If you give back
to each State precisely what it has contributed or
paid, it would be useless, for it would then be im-
material whether you gave it br-ck, or whether you
app'ied it honestly to the common purposes of the
Union, and then diminished the taxes by tl e same
amount    But if you givs to one Slate more than
it contributed, then it would be a fraud, and if you
gave to one le s, it would then be gross injustice.
And   if  you   finally imposed   taxes   to   supply
the vacuum created in the revenue, which ope-
ra ed    unequally,   it   would    then    be   adding
to fraud and injustice, undisguised and base oppres-
sion    Sir, it is not intended that this system shall
b° equal     To talk of distributing the proceeds of
lands acquired  by purchase, and paid for out of
the common revenue of this Government, and to
pret nd to i q idlity and justice m it, is an outrage
up n common sense,    lo attempt such a thing is
rimculous—it is worse than ridiculous—it is wan-
tonly sporting with ihe resources of ihe Republic
1 know oí no ground upon which this bill can
reot, so far as related to the lands purchased, ex-
cept the one openly assume i every «here—to re-
lieve the suff-nngs of the community (that is, the
fundholder and stockjobber)—to relieve the credit
of the Sta es, &c The amount to be distributed
would nof pay half the interest on the debts da*,
and its reltei would be mockery and de'usion, and
those who rely on. it will be fata'ly ' eceived The
whoie profit and benefit will be divided amongst
the money changers, who may happen to be mrst
in favor, for the t me being, with the dominant in-
tTess'hat will sway your Sate Legi laturei for
seln h purp scs The e will be ihs men who will
recive the money.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr Johnson]
had attempted to identify this distribution amongst
ihe S ate-, to relieve, as he «ay«, the wanls of the
State , with the assumption of what was called the
State debts by the General Government, afier
the Revolution The gentleman had classified
thp two together Was the genfkman seri-
ous m attemp irg to rest the„e two css^ upon
the ame ground' What was the a'umption of
S'ate debts at that time? What was the situation
of the countr}? Tnsre was in fact no central go-
vernment, or at all events it was impotent so far
as taxation was concerned. We were in the midst
of a revolution. Immediately after the Declara-
tion of Indepent ence, active, efficient governments
were organized m our States, with power to tax
and raise revenue. From thetr superior organiza-
tion at the time, they were enabled to raise funds to
