1?4_____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.            ___________July, 1841.
~~27th Cong......1st Sess.                                 Fortification Bill—Mr. Weller.__________________                H. of Reps.
of the Union Aad if war shoaid be forced upon
us, these central States will be the only ones ca-
pable of defence; whilst the extremefies will be
sacrificed, they will hold the revenues of the Ge-
neral Government under their control, and use
those revenues for themselves. This they will be
enabled to do from their location and concentrated
action; and this distribution once established ,wuh its
attendant consequences, will always give them the
most ample meaus of control
But, Mr Chairman, continued Mr. P. the mo-
neyed operation of this bill, is not as .im-
portant as its political effects upon the union
and harmony of the States. It is from the new
States alone lhat you will collect the money which
you propose to divide. This will force them to-
gether in feeling and in action, and ihrow the old
States on the antagonist grounds Do you expect
that this will produce the kindest feelings? It will
be the reverse. Are we to legislate for the day or
the year? No, sir; look to the future. There is
now sufficient difference in interest between dif-
ferent States of the Union, and do not increase that
difference by creating a system which will make
one portion m effect tributaries, and the other por-
tion recipients of bounties. In twenty ye?rs from
this, our population will be about 32,000,000, in
forty years, it will be near 64 000,000, and in
eighty years, it will be near 130,000,000. And
what are eighty years in national existence? Lite-
rally nothing You will see in that time, star
after star rising from your magnificent domain
but to add new lustre to your national banner.
And are you so vain as to believe that this misera-
ble and temporizing system which you now pro-
pose to create, will stand the lest of time? Will
that spirited and noble population which will roll
from the valley of the Mississippi up the sidra of
the Rocky Mountains, bear a sjstem by which you
will collect annualty millions upon millions liorn
them, merely tobe d stnbuted amongst the fund-
holders and block interests 01 your Atlantic cities?
If you call from them their treasure to defend our
rights and honor,'hey will p< ui it out without a
murmur, but pervert it irom these huh purp ses
to mere distribufion of rroney, and it ií not n.ilure
to bear it. You may call it no tux, but a mert sale
of land This will avail but little They will call
it a colltction of funds creating an annual drain
They will look upon jou as hard task masters, and
their feelings of attachment and sympathy will give
place to the worst passions of the human heirt.
Why, Mr. Chairman, should we look upon that
splendid country to be settled with one particl° of
jealous}? They are "b me of our bone, and flesh
of our flesh"—we all have a comuon feeling .and
a common destín). Let them go on aiuldevelope
the resources ot an unknown country. Every set-
tlement, every county, every S ate, adds to the na-
tional wealth and na tonal power. Every man, who
spreads his tent upon the pranes ot ihe far West,
is but preparing to open new fields of enterprise
and wealth for our common country And, sir,
jf these old Atlantic State > should ever be invaded,
the great valleys of the Wet will be nurturing up
a daring and heroic race, who will roue back to
fight the battles of liberty over the graves and the
tombs of their fathers D i nothing, 1 trit'eat you,
to «lienate this great people from the rest of h 
Confederacy. Lei u-> a¡l sleep m peace foiever,
under Ihe broad iulds of one common tannet. Let
us rejoice in their growth and th ir prosperity
Nature has placed their country there. Wecannot
strike u from tin map Ii is in vain to ¡ntempt to
check the swelling tide ot emigration Yíu might
as well attempt to chain the wave-, tí the ocian
Let us not look upon them as rich provine  ,
Irom whence we can collect wealth to divid  out
and distribute amongst «in agtanan pe pe
Pass the bill upon yoar table, and you make th°m
tributary va^aK You lay the foindatii'i for a
separate and independent empire in the West.
At one peno 1 of the wond, the lloran eag'es
floated in triumph ana in po vei f>xm Cse Euph a es
to Gtoraltar. But when her co qnenng genera
hibitually brought back spoils and wealth from de-
vastated provirces, io be divided at the cen re
amongst those who were styled "Roman citizens,"
ihe Government sunk down in corruption and blood,
and now, the scattered fragments of a broken and
dismembered empir* exist here and there, only to
mark where the Republic once was. If the new
States were peopled by an ignorant and half
barbarian race, ) ou might then calculate on their
sinking peaceably into a State of tributary vassal
lage. But as it is, pass this sjstem—look upon
them as future sources of revenue for permanent
distribution, not to support the h 'nor of ihe Union,
bat to feed drones and speculators, and you will see
the beacon fires of an indignant people blaze over
a thousand hills from one end of the country to the
other.
Mr. Chairman' the management and settlement
of our immense public domain, is to a great extent
our colonial system. The management and settle-
ment of new States has always been a debcate and
important question to every Government tha> has
encountered it
I am one of those who believe we have made no
great improvement over the ancients in their know-
ledge of human nature, or of those elements calcu
lated to make a State great When thej settled a
colony, ihey nurtured and cherished it with pride
They did not lay their colonies under tribute
They did not look upon them as permanent sources
of revenue. No: they looked upon th«m as friends
in peace and allies in war. Tney acted towards
them in the most liberal and enlightened policy. It
was left to the commercial avarice of modern times
to )ursue a different course. England, Portugal,
and Spain, had the finest colonies ever known
But they looked upon their growing wealth and
enterprise with jealousy, they made them perma-
nent sonreís of revenue for the mother country,
they ía.sed from them annual contribution with
which to enrich thenselves The consequence
was, lhat they lost the finest possessions that ever
belonged to any people. And it is only by modi-
fying their polic/, that they have been enabled ti
retain any por ion And now with the lights of
experience before us, you pn pose by this bill to
adopt a system somewhat similar m its pnnc plej
to ihat formerly a lopted by S(am and England in
relation to their colonies. And the final conse-
qu-nces will be the same. You may find some of
the new Stales acquiescing for a lime nndei iheir
embarrassments and the prets-ure of commercial
dprangement, but th< y will soon recovei from
that. Tou cannot keep down the energies ot
this people Their embarrassments are but
temporary They will ri^e above them m a very
few years Are we to legislate for a mere tempo-
ral y state of things? Is it wise to pass a bill of this
kind, which was lo operate upon millions of hu
man beings as enlightened and as free as oursehes,
under pre sure and embarra=sm nts fiom which
ihey were sure, in tie progress o' things, to be re-
heve J in a very short period? a.id tint, too, when
the very principles of the bill were so well calcula-
ted to produc alienation and unk nd feelincs'
They will soon assert the doctrine that under the
D claration of Independence they came into ihe
Lmonas equals, and lhat tr own the freehold
within their limns, is an essential attribute ofsove-
reisnty. You will force upon them this doc-
trine.
Mr Cnatrman, what is the stat-> of the 'lorld?
In the vast improvements of the agí, we find every
nation around us t"cre: Miig their military power.
Ilivt we no difficulties? Have we no p-unts of
d Atretic with a haugh y and powerful nat on?
True, «e were at pea<-e But we had recently
shown,'hrough the accredited aaenls of our Go-
vernment a spirit and tone but illy calculated to
sustain the hoior and ndeperdence of the country
I will forbtar o speak my senHiiKii s on that point
at present It s a delicate matter, and I will sup.
press the feelings of  ccrn that I entertain for ihe
manner in which our foreign intercourse has re
cendy been conducted But is this a time to di-
vert an important brandi of your reven" e from he
public defences of the count 5' Were we prepared
to take a course iba1 would dry up our re
s nrces at a lime when t iey might be needed
for the highest purposes of Government If
there be any surplus, spend it on your navy,
to protect your flag from optn dishonor—guard
jour commerce—defend your soil from violation
—your citizens from murder—prepare to su*tam
your rights at home and abroad—spend your mo-
ney for these purposes. But I entreat you to do
nothing that will alienate the affections of any por-
tion of our people from their Government at this
juncture of our public affairs. Let not this great
Union be perverted from its high national objects
into a contemptible machine to collect reventse to
be distributed amongst those who will hang around
your Treasury as fawning sjeophants and profli-
gate bankrupts
Mr. Chairman, I know that I address a fixed and
inexorable majority But let me appeal to them to
consider what they are about to do. Coming as they
do fresh from the conflict of bitter party contests,
and flushed with the triumph of victory, hdve they
renewed fully on this great subject with a sole
view to promo'e the lasting good of their country?
Those only lire in the admiration of posterity who
can, on great occasions, rise superior to party
trammels, and look alone to their country, her honor,
her interests, and her true glory. If Napoleon, in
his pride of power, had consulted the partner of
his early fortunes, and looked with a single
devotion to the star of France, he misht
this day have been wielding in peace the same
sword lhat he flashed in the blaze of victory
at Marengo and Austerlitz There is no policy so
fatal as to push power to an extreme Sir, we are
at an important point in legislation I appeal to
gentlemen to survey the ground well I invoke the
¡pint of the entombed Constitution to save my
country from ¡he ruin that awaits her, if these reck-
less schemes be adopted
REMARKS OF MR. WELLER,
OF OHIO,
In Ihe House of Representatives, July 81, 1841—On
the Fortification bill.
Mr Chairman: As I have determined to vote
against the bill under congelation, I have been
anxious for some days past to obtam the floor, for
the purpose of presenting to the committee the lea-
sous which have forced me te that determination.
1 have at las succeeded in obtaining jour atten-
tion, but, unfortunately for myself, at too late an
hcur to discuss the subject in the manner I de-
sired. In a few minutes, by the provisions of your
gag rule, all debate upon thi- question must cease,
and a vote be taken on the bill.
I must vote against this appropriation, not be-
cause I am opposed to pUcmg the country in a
state of defence, but because I am satisfied that
the money appropriated by this bill cannot be pt>-
n ab'y expended within the present year. Before I
vote an extraordinary appropriation of the people's
money I mu=t hive some belter reason than the
mere ipse dixit of the chairman of the Committee
ot Ways and Means I must be satisfied that the
public interest demands the appropriation before I
can consent to m?keit Now what are the facts
in this Cise? I understood the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, in hs opening
speech, to say that it was not expected that th-
whole amount named m this bill w„uld be expend
eddunng the present }ear, but it was asked for
now because, at the long session of Congress, the
fortification bi I was usually kept back until to-
wards the middle of summer, and thus a large por-
li< u of the year expired before the appropriation
was made This, it s ruck me, w uld be a good
argument ir. favor of early action at ¡he next ses-
s on on this bill, but not sufficient now, m the pre-
sent condition of the revenue, to justify this extra-
vagant appropnaton Beside , I amoppised to
making any appropriation at t is sptml session to
be expei d d next jean at trie regular session am-
ple pro vision can be made to meet all the wants
of the Government for the year 1842 But,
sir, it s sms to me that the chairman has
changed his p isition upon this ques ion We are
now to d that ihe whole of this money can be ex-
pended within the present jear Well, sir, let us
look at this. The unexpended balance appro-
pi íated to these fortifications, as shown by
the Secretary of War, in his report at the com-
mencement of ihe present session, was $784 U25
The Secretary, then, with  this amount on hand,
