*    * 'i *->
July, 1841.          _______
27th Cong- " 1st Sess.
lates, have always been a sourc? of profi , by a pre-
mium on such dra ts and huh, rather than a task
for which thanks we e due. Ii the balance on all
the transfers has not been one of gam rather than
loss in exchanges the use ot from four to eight
millions oí public deposites without interest, dur-
ing the whole of tK, ' period, has more lhan coun-
terbalanced any different, and has made its ex-
change operations í r the Government, urder such
circumstance1-, wnh the privilege of having its bills
received for public due every where,a source of much
profit Yet this profitable business, which any
State banking institution would rejoice to perfrrra
under like advantages, it is now supposed cannot
be discharged m fu ure but by the creation of
another dangerous National Bank, and by running
in debt ten to sixteen millions to constitute for it an
enormous capitc 1.
Indeed, the Governmtnt itself, when without any
such Bank, always has performed us foreign and
domestic exchanges with ease, through brokers or
State banks, and at the same time with equal
cheapness, and occasionally at a premium, if de-
sired
The large surplus collected at New York can al-
most invariably be used to a positive profit m ex-
changes of all kinds
It seems to have been another great object of
the opening speech of the Senator from Kentucky
to show that a Bark with so larga a capital would
exercise an influence on tne currency most exten-
sive, salutary and desirable—in fine, one which
would render it, in the words of his report, "a
sound currency of uniform value ihroughout the
Union " I am unwilling to detain the Senate long-
er than a few monents on each of the incidental
arguments urged in favor of a Bank of discount
with s  large a capí al
But it is prop"i to say 'hat almost eveiy ground
for believing t ias a National Bank of that charac-
ter, more than a'iy other bank, can have a very
peculiar effect on the curit-ncy, is, m a great de-
gree, fallacious, unless it has th" gigantic capital
of three or four hundred millions, so as to supply
the whole ot the paper currency of the country.
Even m that event, it mu*t be better regulated
than tins one, and depend upon other circumstan-
ces than the mere ao'ount of rs capital, in order
to renaer its paper sound or uniform
The "odor of nationality" given to its notes is
not, as some have misapprehended, sufficient That
kind of odor was imparted to the old con-
tinental money, yet it all went by ihe board, be-
cause it had no adequate specie basis, and was
lavishly overissued The odor of nationality was
also given to the a'signats in France, but could
not alone save them from ruinous deterioration.
Even the autocrat himself of all the Russia* can
not give this odor so as to save his paper from a
depreciation, at times, of nearly three 10 one for
specie. In order to render any paper issues
sound or at par, as a currency, they must be re-
deemed in specie, and there must be due securities
that they will be redeemed in specie.
But here the chairman has attempted to get rid of
some oí the security he himself proposed at first for
the redemp ion ot the cnculation, by keeping on
hand at least one dollar of specie to three of the
issues. He deemed that inexpedient, and too
stringent or meddlesome as a regulation; when, in
the Bank of England, for the last twenty yeas,
(since her resumption ot specie payments,) scarce-
ly a return lus been publi hed where this amount
of specie has not been exceeded. Here are the tables
before me. In 1829, one dollar of specie to two
and eighty-eight hundredths of circulation, and so
on, with but uo or three detached exceptions, to
the present moment. So m various States, and
especially in Massachusetts, from 1810 to the pre-
sent moment, A.th the exception cf the suspen-
sion of spe'ie payments m 1837 and 1838, this
proportu n ha^ but seldom been violated, in the
whole United Staes "5 an average, scarce an in-
stance has- occuirsd --ince 1811 where the circula-
tion ha* equalled four to one of Ihe specie.
The gentler"-  has also refu ed to provide any
certain s cunty ot this kind for the payment of
the deposites—a more dangerous clsss of immedi-
ate liabilities m a Bank, however large its capital,
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Woodbury.
than even the < irculatton. The deoosito s live
nearer, and have latger amounts Mn*li, than most
b 11 holders, and on the slightest panic or loss of
confidence,can and will wiihdra v all the specie pro-
v ded to secure ihe former The ("eposnes, pat. able
on de 'iard,are likewise more changeable in amount
lhan the 1-i.UsS, ms'ead, as some suppose, of being
very ujifoim. They are thus the gunpowder
which has first b'own up numerous institutions;
and toon-half or three-iourlhs of their amount,
at least, shou'd they be guarded by specie, quite as
much as the orduia'y circulatu n. Such is the rule
of conduct in the Bank of England, though often
violated in the oank parlor, like other salutary
rules. In the Bank of France r early half as much
specie is kept as both the circulation and depo-
sites. Such should be the iulr here, and a rule
made impcratue by legal penalties, since our bank
circulation and bank depo-ite fluctuóte in so
great and suddsn an extent as to endanger every
body and every thing in reg?rd to immediate p y-
ment, unless so guarded The large size of the
capital furnishes no security whatever on this
point, except for remote and ultimate indemnity,
which i utter'y worthless for the purpose of mak-
ing a secure rnd uniform currency, at par at all
times and in all placrs As an illustration of their
dangerous fluctuations, the deposites, instead of
increasing unh trade and population about four
percent annually, frotr 1834 to 1835 rise in the
whole United States t°n per cent or mole than
double the due rate. From 1835 to 1836 they rose
again near for y tier cent or ten times tfe due ra-
tio; and from 1836 to 1837 quite sixteen per cent
more. They then suddenly fell by 1837 at the
enormous rate of ihirty-three per c-nt; rose again
suddenly bv 1839 near eight per cent, and sunk
ogain by  1840 quite nxteen per cent.
In most of these cases, as w.U be explained here-
after, they ouWripped even ihe vibrations in the
circulation; and this Bank, with all us capital, must
be impotent m serinng a sound circulation to any
ex^nt whatever, ii omitting, as it now docs, any
provision fur specie to redeem the depos tes
Again, this large capital i , as it have before
explained, not necessary to aid the crcula'ion as a
pattern oi mode , mat being icsible by a «m?U ca
pita!, or even by a Slate bank. As before shown,
it caanot, even if securely guarded as to specie for
meeting deposite1 as well as circulation, and with
us present large capita!, furnish a paper currency
beyond luí oi hfte«ri millions, which does not ex-
ceed one tenth of Ihe present paper circulation of
the whole United Sia'es. This is a mere drop in
the ocean. It would be effected, too, by adding so
much circulation, when we already have enough,
and stimulating speculation, and injuring in va-
rious ways b/ over issues. Or, if it drive out
other bank circulation to this extent, it would m
half the country now paying specie displace as
good paper for all the purposes for which paper is
there needed, as the new notes would be In this
way, also, so far from supplying a new circulating
medium, which would bp used in all publ'c pay-
ments, it would be fourd that half or more of these
payments must continue to be made m specie or
the notes of good State banks. This would be in-
evitable, unless forbiadcn by Congress, because
often either could more readily be procured than
th*se notes, so 'ew in number and value compared
with the whole circulation. What, then, comes
of the argument that so l?rge a capital is necessary
to furnish a currency to meet public payment-.'?
Nay, more, if it did furni«h one, what becomes of
the aigument, si efien repeated bv you in the late
canvass, even till it nauseated, that there should
no' be one currency for the Government and
another for the people? You would thus supply
amply enough for your noble selves, but only one-
tenth of enough for the people, the poor, despised,
forgotten people
The uniformity of the currency thus produced
has been another boasted result of a Bank with so
large a capital, and such numerous and distant
branthes to issue and redf em ¡ts nofs.
This is a delusion, greater, if possible, than ihe
other. No pa,ier cuirency can be umfoim beyond
the cire'e of trade around where it issues, unless
made redeemable m specie at the great centre of
LOBE.                                             18$
Senate.
"■'------------'                                                                ■■ ■   m                      —
general commerce, or unless some full equivalent
is substituted for such a redemption. Thus the
S ate bank notes possess as sound and uniform a
value in th-circles of business around those banks,
as would the notes of this Bank within the same
cirtk. Let the place at which they are issued
t ade more widely, and have exchanges and the
balance of Im.mess and ¡ndebedness in its favor
from greater distances, and the notes of the local
banks will ih^ more widely be uniform in their
value.
Hence the notes of a good State bank, issued
and redeemable at Philadelphia, New York, or
Boston, will be as uniform in value, over as wide
an extent of country doing business there, as would
the notes cf bunches of the United States Bank,
i sued in thoss cit.es, and redeemable only there,
and only thfie receivable for public dues.
The only additional or mt re extended uniformity
in value g vea to the branch notes, would result
from making them by law receivable for public
dues every a here, or for debts du: anywhere to the
other branches.
But Congress could confer such a privilege a 
the first on any State bank, or set of State banks,,
with precisely the same benefits to the currency 
in extending ¡ts uniformity; and would thus accom-
plish thp same end, wnhout requiring us to form a
rational debí to make a large capital, and incur all
the other dangers to public liberty and pub'ic virtue
attendant on such a colossal ínstitutioa.
The last United States Bahk, too, found this
clause (making us notes receivable every where for
public dues) so great an loconvemence and ex-
pense, that it petitioned Congress to alter the pro-
vision. It virtually required sufficient specie to be
kept at two different places to redeem most of its
notes And Mr. Crawford recommended that they be
made receivable only at or near the branches where
issued, and said that they had ceased to be a cur-
rency m the Whole West and Southwest by means
of this provision, now so highly commended
"The Bank has consecfuently found itself consiiamed to di
lectthobe branches tu reiu°e to issue their notes, even upon a
deposite ofsperue The effect of these causes combined has
been the exclusion from circulation m ail states West and
Siouth oí the seat ot Governmental the notes of ne Bank of the
Unite i Sí ates and its offices Tor several of these States there
is no sound circulation —Crawford's Ann Report, Decern,
bei, 1820
Tnus it was found that this boasted uniformity
was produced only by a particular provision by
Congress, and not by the effect of a large capital;
and that, if it was continued, the consequence
must be a ia'ge loss of dividends and profits, such
as took place from 1818 to 1822, or the^mbatking
m a new branch of busme=s in exchanges, on a
hazardous mercantile scale, in order to remedy, ia
some degree, the evil and loss.
The Bank, therefore, being compelled to take up
these branch notes, at the rate of thirteen millions
in one year m New Yoik, and having funds else-
where tor their redemption, stopped issuing them
at all, and thus stopped the boasted umfoim cur-
rency over the whole West and Southwest This
it must do again, much quicker under tie present
act, as the branch notes are now not only receiva-
ble for public dues every where, but for all debts
every where payable to any other branch.
The uniform currency must, therefore, fail under
this additional burden; and no bianch notes be is-
sued, but ihe discounts be there made with specie,
or the Bank must fail. Nothing can avert it, un-
less a remedy is obtained, as before ndicated, by
adventuring, as in 1823 and 1824, into a new
branch of mercantile speculation and hazardous
business. It is that of dealing largely m western
and southwestern bilis of exchange, and sending
them and shipping specie to the East, in order to
redeem virtually the branch notes, which are trans-
mitted to the East, and are there paid in for pabhc
due This the Bank can do, as it has dine since
1824. But it has been at a great expense to tha
West and .Southwest quite equal io all the uniform
currency has been worm, purchasing exchange and
dratts bw, and selling them high, and at the n k
of any revul-ion in the prices ot the sr-a'staples
for which the bills of exchange are chiefly draffn,
and which may lead again to tho=e immense
losses of 1825 and 1837 and 1840 on bills of ex-
change, which helped so largely to plunge the late
