186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9,7th Cong-...1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Woodbvry.
July, 1841.
Senate.
England possesses the complete and unlimited control over the
currency, but that, m their opinion, It is a power of so vast and
iraportanta nature that it ought not to be intrusted to such a
body as the directors ofa trading company "
Again he say:
"If the directors think proper to send into circulation a large
amount oí paper, when trade has a tendency to run mtoa state
of overtrading, they will directly encourage the wildest specu
latione, and if, on the other hadd, they should suddenly con
trast the amount oí paper in circulation they will cause even
the soundest speculations to fail, and bring about the ruin of
all embarked in them "
And he quotes Drummond on the Currency,
page 65, to show that
"It is indispensably necessary to every plan that shall be
adopted, that an immediate end should be put to the connection
Which has subsisted between the Government and the Bank
Whoever wiM'beae the trouble of reading the appalling facts
detailed in Messrs Tooke's Muchet's and Hardcastle's pam
phlets, will be convinced that that connection has been hitherto
productive of nothing but mischief to the country "
Let us look a moment at the actual returns of
banks, and analyze the fluctuation, in the last six
years, in the circulation both of the United Stales
Bank alone, and of the whole banks in the Union,
and which fluctuation is caused directly by the ex-
cessive loans of bank capital. 1 he ruinous expan-
pansions and contractions which the examination
must disclose cannot but appearto nave re"tilted
from excessive loans of that capital, which by this
bill we so largely and so imprudently propose to
increase. Much of it, under a system oí mere
credit, has, with every favorable or adverse gale
readily vacillated, and thus enlarged and dimi-
nished prices of labor, produce, and merchandise,
to a most ruinous extent.
Thus, in the official table before me, sent last
year from the Treasury Department to the House
of Representatives, in the annual Bank report,
(B B,) it appears that the circulation of the Umied
States Bank, from the 1st of January, 1832, being
about 21-fc millions, fell m one year to 17i millions
which is near 20 per cent It then rose by the 1st
of January, 1834, to 19 2-10 millions, or 12 pet
cent, and fell «gam, thiough the panic of 1834, by
1835, to 17$ millions, oi quite 10 per cent and
then took the monstrous leap by the l-.t of Janu-
ary, 1836, if 33 per cent, or to 23 millions.
If these notes had been at that time the only cur-
rency oi measure of value, the last change of one-
third in expansion would have increased the price
of all thing*, if oiher matters remained the same or
equal, to quite one-third. Or, in other words, it
would have caused as swat a change to the selling
and buying community, as if the yard stick hid
been reduced in length to two feet, the bushel in
size to only about 22 quarh, and the avoirdupois
pound in weight t > only about 11 ounces On th-
same principle, the first change of 30 per cent or
one-fifih, in contraction, would have virtually in-
creased the yard to quite seven inches moie m
length, the bushel lo si v. quark -noie,' and the
pound to three ounces he-ivier. What derange-
ment in calculations as io contracts at these pe-
riods, for a given number of yards bushels, or
pounds! They make ihe extreme variation from
the lowest and highest exceed one half, or be quite
53 per c^nt in only four years • What revulsions
and rum in matters which come home to the busi-
ness and bosoms of the great mass oí the commu-
nity!
But looking to ihe whole paper circulation in ti e
United Slates, in ihe same report, on the last pag>-,
we witness as great or still greater fluctuation
and evils growtns oo.t ot exce nve loans aid issue s
on excessive credits, under the form of bank ca-
pital.
Thus, the whole circulation rose trom 94 8 10
millions on the 1st of January, 1831, to 103 1 10
millions by 1835, o' mot' pel cent increase, in-
stead of the natural increase of about four per cent.
in a ratio wiih our population.
Again, from the fi,st of 1835 to 1836 i1 sudden-
ly mceased to 140 3-10 million , or ne«r 40 per
cent instead of 4. Agan, by 1837, to 149 1 10
millions, rr 6 per rent more, an 1 ti-en suddenly
fell, by 1838, to 116 1 10 millions, beitg 21 per
cent, reduction, instead of the natural jucred^* of
4 By 1839, it started again into a new expansion
to 135 1-10 millions, or near 18 per cent , and fell
again, by 1840, to only 106 9 10 millions, or near
21 percent, instead of the due increase of 4 per
cent.
Yet oar candid opponents attribute all the con-
s-equeccs of these ruinous fluctuations, produced
in the Bank parlor, to the past administraron; as
if that could have had profit, pleasure, or pro,
penty, by any such injuries, and had not be n in-
terested to prevent and reduce them by every legi-
timate means. These expansions have had ,x like
efftct in raising prices at times, with the real a ldi-
tion to sp=cie, winch occurred after the discovery
of America. That raised them near tbree-fnur.hs
in amount. (See Gallatin on Currency, 1830, p.
7.) Here, in 1835 and 1836 the expansion would
tend to raise them four-tenths, er approaching one-
half; while, in 1838, the revulson would tend to
lessen ihem, as if one-fifth of all the specie in
the world was returned to the mines whenc  it
ome. The prices would thereby be reduced near
ly 21 per cent if no other causfs intervened to
prevent it.
The destrucusn or loss even of bank capita
produced by these fluctuations in the last fifty years
has been computed at quite $72,000,000, th- loss
by depreciated paper, and deposites and balances
in suspended as well as broken banks, at more than
$132,000,000, and the lo^s by the stcrifices of pro-
perty and sudden changes in prices at a sum al-
most incalculable, but certainly in only the last
twenty yeirs, exceeding'^ 150,000 000. (Treasury
report to Senate, February, 1841, on losses by
barks. See report ef committee in House of Re-
presentatives, on banks, 1832.) These result* are
truly appalling, but they are not believed to be ex-
aggerated when presenting one side of the account.
The consequences of thece expansions in circu
lation and in the loans consequent on the great in-
crease of bank capital, winch I have before alluded
to, afd which I am pnxious by t^is motion to pre-
vent any addition to at this time, have been also
most fatal to the expenditures and indebtedness of
individuals and Slates. Our imports exceeded the
exports for near ten years after the late Bank of
the United St'tes got into full operation in 1818
only about $7,000,000 i nnually on an average, or
a fair profit and return; and then rose to an exess
of more than |20,000,000 n the next ten jeais
annually, and in 1836 to on > of $61,000,000' (See
annual report on finances, December, 1839, a'so
Gallatin on Banking, p   26)
The result of expansions in issues and di counts,
and consequent overtrading, has been State debts
nearly equal to these disastrous exces«es in im-
ports The fall of prices, and the bankruptcies
thus produced, and not caused by political events,
are most apparent, and should deter us Horn ad-
ding any new fuel to the flame. We should not,
under an excess of stimulants, administer s'lll
more. The evil began in the Ijsi year to be in the
progress of gradual correction. Our exports have
been regularly augmenting for several years,
and daring the last year exceeded the imports
near $25,000,000—a fact unparalleled in our his-
tory Our tonnage is larger than at most former
periods; money plenty for business purposes, inte-
rest low, and every thing indicating permanent
prosperity, if not prevented by party tinkering at
this session with the currencv and buuness, by
new banks and new «chemes of debts and dona-
tions.
You may call thti banking system of loans and
circulation a steam power, if you please, m the
currency, but it is a steam power without the skill
or care jet acquired to prevent constant explo-
sions and ruin. In enlarging it hastily and crude-
ly, we are like ehiidien playing with edged tools,
or clowns sporting with a locomotive.
The success of this mo'ion to strike out all the
capital, would e>p°n the door to have a fiscal msti-
Hhon organizeel, which is the gieat desideratum,
and that wi uld be exposed to none of the perils
arising from expansions and contractions m either
loans or issue".
If it was confined ni'rely Io the collection, keep-
ing, transfer, nnddrbur ement of thepubh' monev,
u could injure every le«ilimate c< nstitutional ob-
ject; but if Congtess should suppose that pi'blic
convenience required the formation cf some kind
of cunency b°sides specie to be used m the largest
and most distant operations, 'his co'ild readily be
effected without any banking posers or privileges,
by merely making the Treasury drafts drawn in
specie, dollar for dollar, receivable, at other places
found convenient, for public dues. To these
coull be adde 1 the receipt of mint certificates for
spece, daposiied at certain convenient places, if
deemed expedient to enlarge this kind of paper—the
highest in security and representative value which
the art ot man can devise. It would be like our
representative vain* here and in the other House,
as members of Congress, instead of the sterling
com—the people themselves convened. While we
fai'hfully represent their views, opinions, and
wishes, we may well pass current for them, and be
received leadily instead of them; but when disre-
garding either, we ought to be, and in justice
usuilly are, discredited and cros ed as worthless
representatives. But I forbear dwelling on this
suggestion further, as in September, 1837, I had
the honor to propose a similar measure to the con-
sideration of Congress, in connection with the In-
dependent Treasury
The prevailing idea m Europe at this time on
this subject is, that all pap'r issues should be made
by some power or establishment distinct and sepa-
rate from that which h^s an interest in increasing
injudiciously paper issues. One could ihus be
adopted, and would tend to place a large amount of
our paper currency on the soundest basis, and, at
the same ture, woull avoid all the dangers and
evils whieh have occurred m both hemispheres
from banks of circulation and excessive loansjon
mere credit capital. These are measures not like
LawS Mississippi scheme, or the South Sea bubble,
or like land banks, and various mere paper ma-
chines, but corrective, stringent, and calculated to
check every specu'ative and delusive scheme.
If the Gove?nment, as a Government, canno
exercise a due control in some such way, by mak-
ing specie, and specie alone, the basis of paper, it
shows itself incapable of government; and if it
cannot keep safely the com on wrich the paper is-
sues, which is the great risk,  h<>n ?ided by all the
ingenuity of locks and bolts, all the v gitanee of
fanhful public servants, all the penalties of the pe-
nitentiary, and the checks of oaths, and double
keepers, then it must have less sagacity than the
ancnts, who res rted to Delphos and the capítol
itself as depositoiies, and invoked the sacred assist-
ance of íeligion for security.
Nothing by way of precaution—nothing the díc-
tale of experience, or beaiing the impress of sound
reason—nothing which we can obtain from books,
or the most skiltul financiers and bankers, as wit-
nesses called before u , or by correspondence—
nothing m Europe or America calculated to throw
light on the subj ct, or increase ihe pnblic security,
ousht to be overlooked before final action on so
vital a measure. We must seize on a hint here,
and a fact there; an improrement tested in one
State, another in another, place a safety-valve on
o.ie power, a steam gauge aside another, a balance
wheel over anothet, and move forward with the
utmost care.
But, instead of these precaution?, we seem, on
the contrary, infatuated, as in the mermo sheep
mania thirty yeais ago, or in the more recent morus
muliicaulis fever, and anxious to pruh every thing
too fast and loo far.
We proceed in a manner hasty and undigested
to make a new public establishment to last in
power twenty years, or a whole generation of our
race, an I beyond the period of most of our
own frail lives, as if we were passing some mere
appiopnation for a single year, or organizing some
establishment which we were, on th* face of it,
per Mtted to amend, impiove, or repeal, at the next
or any other session of Congress, till the end of
time.
Repeal did I say, <rr? Yes. S" far from this
bill being left op"n, like other; m the oidmary
c >utip of legislation, wuh no restraining clause
agnnstnew Jaws of a similar and improved cha-
racter on the s-une subject, and therefore liable to
have addition? ir supplements and «indications
made, as experience! may show to be proper, it ex-
pressly f' rbids the passage of any similar act for
twenty years; and any repeal of this law,suggested on
this side of tne House to be legal whenever deemed
expedient for the public interests by a majority of
Congress, is denounced as seditious, revolutionary,
