196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Mppeal on a Point of Order—Mr. Walker.
Senate
there could be no doubt that it had been ihe prac-
tice of the Senate to be controlled by what was. Ihe
known established parliamentary usage at th> time
of framing this Government The dependence on
that usage left little necessity for an entire code cf
-tales to be made by the Senate for itself True,
it had the right to make its own rules altogether,
but it did not, having parliamentary rales for lib
guide and government.. It was then perfectly
manifest, that in the absence of rules of its own, it
relted on parliamentary rule*, and it was on that
account this Manual was compiled. When pre-
pared, it was ordered, accordingly, to be primed for
the use of Congress. Mr Jeffer on takes occasion
to say, in hi  preface
"Considering, therefore, the law of proceedirgs m the Senate
as composed of the precepts of the Constitution the regula
tionsof the Senate, and when these are silent of the rules of
Parliamest, I have here endeavored to collect and digest so
much of them asís called for in oidinary piacuce, collating
the parliamentary with the -«enatonai rules, both where they
agree and where they vary," &c
Now, toe question is, what was the parliamen-
tary rule at the adoption of this Government? It
certainly was the same then in relation to privi-
leged questions that it is now. It « as, that a ques-
tion of ordei cannot be laid on the table. The
reason of the thing requires that it should be so
And the moment it is seen that a question of order
cannot be laid on the table, it becomes equally
manifest that a question of appeal cannot be
laid on Ihe table. Wnat, in point of fact,
is an appeal, but a question of ort'er' The
very moment you make an appeal you take from
the Chair all right to be the judge, in its own case,
and place lhe issue on trial before the whole body
of the Senate. It is ou< of the nature of things
that it can be otherwise, to suppose the contrary
would engross the greatest absurdity It would
be to defeat the very object in view by ths first
step to obtain it He would read from Madison's
Precedems, page 21, of the edmon published in
1818, his rules as to ihe order ofputung ques-
tions. The whole of the sixth chapter is pertinent
to in* subject of putting ques-tion:, The general
rule is that the question first put, and seconded, is
to be the first put. This is the law. He ih n
goes on to show that if the Home is not prepared for
the main quesiion, it may give it the go by in four
different «ay : hrst by moving an adjournment,
second, by moving lo take u ihe < rrlers ol the
day, third, by the previous question, and here is a
marked difference, for there is no previous
question in ihe Senate; and fourth, by mak-
ing sach amendments to the question as
will change altogeiher the subject mailer.
While the main question is pending, the inciden-
tal a questions may come in, but ihese inciden-
tal questions can not be laid aside, so as to carry
wilh them (he main question, nor can th'ybe
otherwise disposed of but by a direct decision ot
the body Hence, by all parliamentary rule., and
by the usage of all deliberative bodies, ihe inci-
dental questions of order must be decided first, and
cannot be laid on the table Till ih-y are disposed
of, the main question cannot be reached This
was a fundamental parliamentary law m use, pro
bably for more than a hundred years before ihe
formation of this Government The parlnmenta
ry law exiled before ihe Senate rules, which con-
sequently were supplemental lo lhe parliamentary
rules Mr. Jefferson digested tne parliamentary
laws for the express purp se in guiding the S nate
in such questions a  its own rules were silent upon
He (Mr Bayard) consider that Manual as having
authority in the ousiness of the Sena e Bat if
there was yet any doubt, iliere was another ihing
that placed ihe matter beyond civil, it is the sixth
rule of the Senate itself, wh ch say 
* When a member shall be called to order hy the Presi knt
ora Senator, he shall sit down, md evtiy quesiion ontot
order, shall be decidedly the Piesilem without debate ub
ject to an appeal to the ¡senate and the President may call fot
the sense ol ihe ¡senate on any question of ordei '
Here, on ihe port ot tne member called to o<- ler,
his right of appeal is distincily stated 11 the v ords
"subject to appeal " What ¡s lhe appeal it elf?
Is it not a question of order, and mukt no Ihe
House, not the Chair, decide Wat question ot or let?
On the other hand, ihe rule gives lo the Chan ihe
right of taking the «en e of the Senate The «ords
are, "and he may call for the sense of the Senate "
Suppose the Chair doe  not choose to decide, and
calls for ihe sen e of the S i>ate? Will the Sena
tor from Kentucky say the call of the Chair can
be laid on the table1* The absurdity of the thing
is evident Th^n how can a question of order be
laid on the table? The Senator sajs that in fhi~
matter lhe Chair has a right lo decide to lay the
appeal on the table Does he hot see that the
moment on appeal is made agaimt the decision of
the Chair the right to adjudicate the matter is
taken out of the hands of the Chair and put into
those of the Senate it«-lf The Senator from
Maine says that if the Hou«e is sati-fied with the
decision of the Chair, the appeal is virtually laid the
table. Not so—it may be that the House, through
delicacy, would rather pass ove1- the matter thus,
than reprove the Chair by necp«sanly reversing t's
decision. It is natural tr>at the whole body would
shrink from ihe perfermance of a duty which
would place Us Chair m a situation to lessen ihe
respect and authority intended tc be attached to it
It seemed to him tha  ail this, to a certain extent,
was right It was better in principle o suffer a
little wrong, than to inflict a wound on its own dig
nity, but there were occasions in which it was ne
cessary to act with strictness, to prevent indulgence
lecommg a precedent for abuse The rules of or-
der, like the rules m the army, are for the protec-
tion of ihe mmori y. It is essential that they
should be decided promptly ¡and satisfactorily.
The whole body, for its own honor, and in justifi-
cation of its osm integrity, should at once take the
responsibility of decision. Yet the doclrine is
maintained lhat Ihe Senate may shrink from th*
responsibility, by an indirect subterfuge of allow
mg its Chair to lay an appeal against itself on the
table But such was the fact, that in the majority
of cases, the attempt to lay an appeal on the table
was made to avoid Ihe responsibility
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that two hours had
airea ly been consumed in this discussion to-da>,
and he really thought it was high time to bring it
to a close He Moved to tak* up the orders of the
day
Mr WALKER called the Senalor to order    It
was not in order to move to lake up any other bu-
siness while a question or order was pending-
Mr. HUNTINGTON called on the Coair to de
cide whe'her he was in ord r or not
A few conversational remarks were made on this
point, which ended in ihe withdrawal of Mr Hün
tinston's motion
Mr WALKER said this question was clear
Thi Senator 1 rom Missouri was called to older
whilst preceding to debate a question befi re the
Senate The Chair cccided he was not in order,
and ihere was an appeal to ihe Senate from this de-
cision of ihe Chair, and tne Senator f'om Kentuc-
ky [Mr. Clay] mtve,d to lay ihe appeal on. the ta-
ble. The qu.es.lion was, is this lost motion in or-
der' The original question, wheiher the Senator
from Missou i «as in order, was pending on ap-
peal, and undecided. Can this question of order,
now pending tor decision btfore the Senate, be
laid on the table? Surely not, becau e the parlia-
mentary rule is clear, that ti e que ion of order
must first be decided Is it <'ec ded? !f it be so,
the right of app°al is refised, it is rejec ed, and
the member is prevented (rom proceeding by the
decision of lhe Chair But " is the r gat oí the
member to go on, unless the Senate on the appeal
d c de that he is out of older Th  decision ot the
Chair la not Binding, and the ngh of qppeal from
an interior to a supenol inbinal, involves the
right to the decision of that tribu' al ps the last
tesort on that question, and lhat tubunal must de-
cide the ques ion, and it l, th" right ol the member
to go on unless the Set ate decide upon the appeal
that the member is out if order. But the laying
upon tre table is no decision of the questi n of or-
der, it is postponed until taken up a<;ain, and then,
notwithstanding the appeal was laid on the tabb,
¡he Senate may reverse ihe decision of ihe Chair,
and then the member may go on, and it he has
been stopped until the question o' order was de-
cided by the Sena'e by the mouon to lay on the
table, the Senator will have been prevented from
proceeding when he was in order, .-nc1 t) u-, be de-
prived of bis rights    Well, auppo e  the appeal
on the ques ion of order laid on lhe lab e, and
the question of order therefore undecided, can the
member proceed or not? and, as the question of
or=!er must be first decided, if he cannot proceed,
what question is before the Senate? INot the
memorial, because the question of order must
first be be decided Sappose a bill pending, a
member moves an amendment, the Chair de-
ci'es the amendm nt out of order, and there
is an appeal on the question of older from the
Chair to the Senate, now until a decision is made
by the Senate whether the amendment is in order,
the Senate cannot proceed with the b 11, or any
other subject; and if the appeal is laid on the table,
a> d the appeal thns cut off, and lert undecided,
what is in order? Notmng, sir, nothing, until the
question of orlen  decided, and therefore, lhat ap
peal leaving the question of order undecided, rnu^t
first be derided, aid this right of appeal cannot be
cut off by  ny motion whatever. But the Senator
from Kentucky cites a decision, as he thinks, ef
the House of Representatives Now this decision
was rot on the general parhamen'ary rule, but on
a special rule adopted by that House only, and not
by us, ard confined to Abolition petitions, by
which not only the petitions were laid on the table,
but all propositions in any way or to any extent re-
lating then to were laid on the table under this
special rule of the House, charging for that
House, and not for us, the general rule as to the
excepted case of Abolition, in order to prevent all
debate ihereon But were this a decision of the
House upon this point, it is clearly enoneous and
not binding on us, who are to make rules for our
own proceedings, and when not made, must pro-
ceed according te the parhamen'ary rules, and not
the decisions of the House
But the Senator from Kentucky, among other
arguments, it they may be so called, applauds the
House, which he sajs has just pasted the Bank
bill—that famous Bask bill, of which the Senator
from Kentucky is the author And how has this
Bank bill passed? Sir, lhe vote on ihe compromise
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky to his
Bank bill was carried here by a votp of twenty-
five to twenty-four, but the next morning a Whig
Senator, who did not vo'e, came in and declared
m open Scra'e lhat he absented himself tc avoid
the vote, and lhat, if precent, be wojld have vo'ed
against the amendmert, and, therefore, had he
voted, the amendment mun have failed, and it is
adopted asnmst the will cf a majority of the Se-
nate. Thus the bill was forced through the Senate
as the will of the mmori y Not, in the House
there are two hundred and thirty-seven members
now heie, ¿nd the vote on passing the bill in the
Hou«e was ninety-seven to one hundred and
twenty-nine, in ail two hundred and twenty-six
vo es, and yet, immediately preceding, but one
hundred and five members voted in favor of this
compromise amendment, and therefore a mi-
nority only of the House were in favor of Ibis
amendment, and yet it has been kept m the bill,
and has the form of an act which has received
the sanction of a majority of both Houses, when
m fact it is against the will of both. Whose
bill then is n12 It is the bill of the Senatoi from
Kentucky, and has ihe form of the sanuion of the
two Houses, but wants their real and actual con-
sent. And now as to this bill thus carr ed m fact
wnii this amendment sgamst the real w li ot boih
Houses ot Cuogreso, i> is announced m ihe House
that the President has no discretion to reject that
Dill, either as inexpedient or urn onstnutional, and
that he must sign it agnnst hi¿ ewn judgment and
ag mst his expressed opm on as to such a Bank
as thi«, in hi* ra ssa£e at the c >m.nencement of
lb s session So the two Houses and the Presi-
dent are to become m< re registers <o record the
edicts of a single individual, and his will is to be
the law. We aie m the first year of an American
aristocracy, the d ctator is on his throne, and if
this bi 1, under thes^ circumstances, becomes the
law it should read, Be it enacted by a single Sena-
tor, m the first year ol his reign, that ihis Bank
b 11, as amended, «hall be the law, asainst the as
criained will of an actual majority of   e Senate,
and of the House, and of the President of ihe
United States, and in defiance ot the Constitution.
