August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19Í
27th Cong--"1st Sess.
Appeal on a Point of Order—Mr. ¿Men.
Senate.
Mr. KING said be had intended to x ive his views
somewhat at brge on this que-stion of order, but
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] had so
fully and so ably diseussed the matter, that it seem-
ed unnecessary to add another word in defence of
the principle contended for on this side of ihe Hi'U«e.
No ingenuity or device oa the oth^r side can shake
the authorities adduced and so ably sustained by
that Senator.
The rule cited by the Senator from Kentucky
was lately made in the House, which that Senator
spoke so gallantly of as a glorious House, dis-
tinguished for its remarkable order and decorum,
when it found that in five weeks its Speaker's voice
could not be heard, unless some ex'raordimry
means were taken to silence its own members.
We are to look to that "glorious" House, since
it passed the Senator's Bank bill, for our guiding
star. Has it then come to this-.? Are we, too, to have a
caucus committee by which evry morning a' we
enter this chamber, we are to be d.ctated to whM
we shall say, and what we shall do, and above ail,
hold that we are not to debate, because that would fee
to tell the people too much about what we were
doing? We were to keep back information from our
constituents
He (Mr. King) thought the Senator from Ken-
tucky was paying but a poor compliment to his
own friends, when he alluded to the state of coer-
cion to which that Houss lnd to be reduced before
it could be got to take up his "glorious" measures
all. He did not see the Senator from Kentucky
in his place. Perhaps he was gone to take a re-
freshing draught of cool patriotism in that glorious
House.
The Senator refers to the rules of that House as
preferable to  parliamentary rules,  or  any thing
based on English authority.    That  reminded htm
(Mr. King) of an incident w< ich occurred when he
was a young practitioner.    A country judze, win
had fought the  British m  the late var, with great
zeal and strong prejudices, was culled upon to de-
cide a case tutninjupon well established points of
common law.    Oiie of the attorneys xvas  arguing
the case triumphantly, and so as to entitle him to a
■verdicton the points of law; when the judge a«ked
him what authority he read from.    He  produced
' the  book   triumphantly,   to   show   that   he   ar-
gued  on the   common   laws  oí   England.   "Out
with such outlandish authority," cried the judge:
"Do   you   think,   after   fighting  ¡-gainst    every
thing British as   hard as   Í did, that I am go-
ing to   let   British law govern   me now?     No,
indeed, you mistake your man if you do;" and he
would hear no more, but decided the case in the
very teeth of the law.   Now, this was pretty much
the situation in which the Senator from Ker.tucky
pbeed himself, in preferring the abolition rules of
the Hoase of Representatives to the parliamentary
rules adopted by the Ser.ate. He recollected a case
in point, when he had the honor o' pressing in the
chair himself. He had given a decision, wh'ch was
appealed from.   In the progress of the argument
on the appeal, he discovered that he was wiong in
his decision, and the fir.<t ihmg he did was to ac-
knowledge his conviction.    He would appeal to
the Chair now, in  like manner, to reconsider its
decision, and avoid th  necessity which the Senate
would be under of reversing it.
Mr. WOODBURY said there w>- a single view of
this question that had not yet been presented, as it
struck him, and which was very important to the
efficient transaction of our business.
This Senate, sir, is m a state of disorganization,
if this appeal is laid on ihe table. It is not possi-
ble for you or for us to proceed win our legislation
till the appeal is finally disponed of, or the member
on the floor is allowed to finish his speech. Thus
we place the appeal on ihe table. Is not the
speaker who was on the floor entitled then to go
on? Mo«t clearlv, whether in reality he was be-
fore in or out of order. Why? Because your ue-
cision against htm, as that of an inferior judge, has
been suspended till the superior tribunal," the be-
rate decides finally on the appeal. What, then,
stands in the way of the Senator speaking further,
after 5 our decision against him has been suspend-
ed, and tie appeal from it bid aside or put on the
table?
There is no existing decision in the way, which
remains in force, and there is no questien pending,
or agitating, which stands in the way.
The speaker on the floor then procseds again in
the same manner in which he was ta'king b;fore.
If he is again called to order, and you again oe-
cide fgo'ns-t him—he appeal?, and this appral is
again laid on the table. Once moie he pioceeds,
ar.d the same round of decision and appeal is
travelled over ad infinitum.
In the mean time the prompt transaction of all
business of legislation is prevented, and the Se-
nate is in a state of thorough disorganization, and
must remain so till the question of order is finally
disposed of.
Thi.i unfortunate' cond'tion of things was avoided
in the House of Representatives, by catrying ihe
particular original business then in question, upon
the Ublf, under a specific rule. But we rave no
such rule here in respect to the business now ptnd
ing; and the speaker on the floor has a i/ght to pro-
ceed in his remarks upon it—if not on the table in
some other way than by putting there the motion
to piin', because the decision of the Chair made
against him has been superseded by the appeal.
Howlulicrous would it be, if, in tins s'aie of af-
fair?, you, sir, without intending to you any disre-
spect, being an inferior juds?e, should proceed to
execute vour decree afttr it was appealed from,
and while the appeal was pending ! It would he
like the standins joke of an obstinate justice of the
peace, whose decision, sending a defendant to the
whipping post, wf>s legally appealed from. But I
the magistrate still insisted that the whipping
should be inflicted, and the defendant might after-
wards have any benefit he could obtain from
his appeal.
No, sir. You are not in a condition to keep or-
der, nor are we, till the appeal is finally adjudged.
So, if thts question of order had arisen as to two
Kinds of business, which should have precedence,
wecoultl never proeetd and give pnority to eerier,
till jour original decision is rescinded or actually
revised and settl.-d one way or the other by the Se-
nate. So, here the original business being claimed
to be still before ' y, we are in disorder, and shall
be in disorder, and cinnet extricate ourselves from
disorder, without disposing finally of >he app°al
from your decision, that the original busme-s is not
before us, because carried to the tabid by hy.ng on
fhs table the motion to print the proceedings con-
nected with it.
Whether it was so carried or not, is the question.
And on this, it hardly seems possible that any
opinion can exist, except one—I am sorry to >ay—
adverse to your d-rWon.
Mr. PRENTISS expressed his willingness on
all leasonable occa-ions to sustain the Chair; hut,
in this case, the Chair is so evidently wrong, that
he could not vote to sustain it- decision. It ¡s a
sin,pie question whether an appeal en a que.-tion
of order can or cannot be la'd on table. Now, on
this point, the parliameniary rule, together with
the well established usase of this and every other
deliberative body, was so conclusive, thst it seemed
irrational to doubt i . The very nature of the
thing carried conviction with it. It wavan appeal
from ti e Chair to the Senate, and could not, there-
fore, be tried by the Chair itself. It seemed to
him that tfcer1! was a lifeless mystery thrown, upon
the question by taking of it as a motion, it was
no nivtioa, it was a simple right of app al J rectly
mide io the Senate fiotn the decision o: t- e Chair.
Mr. ALLEN had no disposition to detain the
Ser.ate unnecessarily on this subject, which had
been so fully discu;sed. He should be enabledto do
no more than restate ihe arguments already uttered
by Senators who had preceded him,. In a mat-
ter of ¡his nature, however, that depended on i's
di'imct understanding, it might be be important 'o
restate arguments, in a new form. He should
s a'e hi- concptim of th.a question now before ihe
Senate, trcmh^ own rfflecions—from the diet.tes
of an ordinary mind, acting on plain  and siuple
daU.
The power of control in this body was in the
Senate. That power was represented in the action
of the majority. Independently of that, each mem-
ber of the body bad his rights.   The body, for
brevity's sake m the despatch of its business,
and for the sake of order, had caused itself
to be represented in the person of a single
man, as its presiding officer. That man was
man was the agent of the body in the discharge of
the duties which that body had prescribed to him
in its rules. If that body were dissatisfied with the
decision of its agent.it reserved to itself the right
to take the decision into its own hands, as the pri-
mary source of decision. It was the right of a Se-
nator to speak on this floor—it was the right of
another Senator to call him to order—it was the
right of the Chair to decide on questions of order—
it was the right of the speaking Senator to appeal
from the decision of the Chair—all these proposi-
tions were undeniable. What became of the right
ef the Senator to take the appeal, if tnat right did
not cairy with it the obligation on the Senate to de-
cide that appeal? The Senate could not refuse to
euteitain the appeal, because, by that refusal, they
annihilated the right of the Senator who made the
appeal; and it wa* therefore a question of power on
thu floer, and of the highest importance.
A Senator had the right to speak; the body could
not deny him that right. Another Senator had a right
to call him to order; the body could not deny him
that right. Then it was a question between those
two Senators, and where was the tribunal to settle
that? The PRESIDENT. And according to par-
liament law, after he had decided it, another rule
was, that it was the right of the Senator thus ar-
rested in his remarks, to appeal to the primary
source of power, which was the body itself, from
the decision of the agent of the body, who is ihe
presiding officer.
Had the Senator a right to appeal? He had.
But of what value to him was that right, without
it carried with it, on the Senate, an obligation to
decide the appeal? What would be the right of
the citizen to appeal from the decision of an infe-
rior court, if the superior court had a right to re-
sist, t r reject the appeal? The right of the
Senator to appeal, carried with it an obligation on .
the Senate with which the Senate could no more
dispense than it could with any other of its obliga-
tions; they could not escape the question by mov-
ing to law the appeal on the table, and thus disem-
barrass themselves, and prostraU the right of the
Sena'or who had taken lis appeal.
What was this appeal from? From the judg-
ment of :he Chair. Why was it taken? Because
that judgment was supposed to have been erro-
neous in this particular. Suppose the vote on the
motion to lay on the table the appeal should turn
out, yeas 20, nays 20 The Chairman would then
ha called on to abre the castmg vote, and, by his
own vote, would prevent the S.nator from getting
an opinion of the Senate on an appeal from his de-
dision. To lay the appeal on the table withdrew
the question of the rectitude of the judgment of the
C'iaír from the decision of the Senate. To main-
tain the right to lay an appeal on the table was a
plain and palpable oiuurUify, (and he used that term
because it expressed most strongly his conv'ction?
on the subject.)
This seemed to be the plain statement of the
case, and could not be avoided, that an appeal was
ihe right oí the Senator who was called to order,
and that it carried with it the right of that Senator
to take th- vote of the Senate on the question on
which he had been called to order; and it was not
in the power of the presiding officer, or of the Se-
ñale itself, to destroy that right.
tie would put a case. Suppose a Senator to be
spe.'kmg on the most momentous question that
could bo passed on by the Senate—tnat he was
calle.! to order—that the Chair decided that he was
f ut of ordet, and that he appealed to the Senate—
that a motion was then made to lay the appeal on
the table, and tee motion prevailed—what th<m
wonM be the position of the Senator? Would he
proceed in "is remarks, or sit down? If he had
been out of order, be could not proceed; and if he
had not been out of order, he had a right to pro-
ceed. But he would not know whether he w;s, or
was not, out of order, because the Senate refused
to decide tfce question put to them. That would
be his position; he would have a rght to the floor
because they had not decided bim out of ordtr; and.
