i Sé
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841,
#Tth Cong. ..1st ¡Bess.
Jlppeal on a Point of Order—The Chair
Senate,
he would not have a right to sptak, because a
question of order had been raised, and until it was
decided, its very pendency was a g?g on him
The Senate had duties to the country, to be ac-
complished under its laws of order, which it could
no more decline than to meet annually, accoiding
to law. One of its duties was to preserve the
rights of Us. own members—to give to all the acts
of its members that free and fair discussion and
examination to which they were entitled. The Se-
nate had na right to decline ihe decision of those
questions which were piesented to it, and could not,
without doms  deep and unpardonable injury to one
of its own body. If the body could dispense wnh the
appeal, they could cut off the right of tie Senator
to make the appeal, and thus without taking any
responsibility on itself, they might muzzle and
strangle debate, so far as the minority was con-
cerned. The very pendency ot this question, and
the very extent to which this deba e had progressed,
was a frightful commentary on lhi> pnnuple.
He wished it was proper on this ocjasion to ex-
amine this question ot public discussion—to go in-
to the whole matter of this system oí beerecy—ot
exclusion of the pubUc eye— his sys'em of silent
despotism, which was nought to be riveted on this
country—to trace the beginning of this system up
to the nominations of the Harnsburg Convention,
where the present Administration party, in a so-
lemn question put to them, declared that they
would not tell the people ihe principles on which
they would administer tins Government, un-
til they got the Government into their
hands; and to give a history of the gag system,
which had pervaded the action of that party from
that day to this, and which now was made syste-
matic in Ihe two Houses of Congress. He began
to look on this design to silence di*eu*<¡ on, and u
keep every thing in .ecret, as on one of the pios,t
dangerous symptoms of the time', find it was the
right of every man and his duty, to nce nn, and
with all his power, to ¿ttempt lo arrest it It was
perfectly immaterial whether they sagged the Go
vernment or the people. It was equally desiruc
uve; because, in enher case, it cut off ihe com-
munication between them; and that was the point
now desired to be effected.
There were two powers in this country, a pu-
mary delegating power, and a delegate  power
The pnmaiy power, which was m the peopV,
was men throughout th* whole year, anl acted
but once a year; and was then exerted for the p u-
pose of delegating its power to the representative!.
The delegated power heie, was ihe acting pjuer
which affected the institutions of ihe country, and
the rights and liberties of ihe pe< p e This plan
of secrecy proposed to buildup a wall between
these two powei?—to silt nceallcomniuiucation be-
tween ihem,and 10 leave the dekgaied power in ine
handsof the officers and representa! i ves of the people,
absolutely uncontrollaole during their continuation
power. Adlio this, that they proposed to mile
their laws perpetual and irrepealable,and what was
left to public liberty? Notmng, nothing but ihe
form ol substance with the empimessof a shadow
He marked ihis era of secrecy, as ihat which an-
nounced thf approach of despotism m this land—
as the era vthich sh< til 1 cail into requisition all the
vigilance of the people, to keep it from being fas
tened on them
He would not go into the gag system, which had
been «aid to be applied elsewhere He did not
feel himself at liberty to allude to aiomer branch
of the Legislatu-e, although it had been alluded to
on this 8001. He, therefore, pasted lhat by Bat
he hoped there would be río g%e lert—no ¡>ag at
night, too—no gag after dirk, under the form of
dictding a quest) >n of gag No, h" vas glad to
see that Senate's on the oth. r side if ih's cha ni> r
were unwilling 10 be re pcnsible for an approval
of this question Hi was elad to cee it and he
did not believe that ten out of twenty-eight mem-
bers on ihat side, would be four J competen —
morally competent to the work of fagging tfi Se-
nate.
The CHAIR stated thai the pending quesii n
was on the decision of the Chair to lay the appeal
on ihe table, that is, whether the dteision ot the
Chair was or was not correct.
Mr TAPPAN >aid he believed the f rm of put
ling the quesuon was, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand1
The CHAIR said the form in which he put it
was, he believed, the proper form, that is, Was the
decision of the Chair correct?
The question was then taken in ihat form, and
decided, by yeas and nays, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Evans, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Sim-
mons, and Tallmadge—9.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Barrow, Bay-
ard, Benton, Buchanan, Ca hnnn, Clay of Ala-
bama, Cuino"!!, Fulton, Graham, Hender on,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Montón, Nicholson,
Pierc=, Prent ss, Rives, Sevirr, Smith of Connecti-
cut,Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—30.
And s-o it was announced that the decision of
the Chair was no correct.
The ques'ion on the appeal Deiog now before the
Senate,
Mr. CALHOUN said the qu°stion no v was,
whether the appeal from ihe decision of the Cha r
that the vote to lay the motion to print on the table
was to be sustained or not
The CHAIR desired that part of ihe journal to
be read again
¡t was read.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to ask the Senator f'om
Missouri [Mr. Benton] if, in moving for the print-
ing of the papers, he had also moved to lay the
) apero on the table'
Mr. BENTON said his object was to take the
sense of the Senile on the punting It was pioba
ble that in ird'nary par'ance ibe laying on che
table was mentioned, but certainly not as a *peoi-
fic motion
Mr CLAY of Alabama explained that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky was only to lay
the motion to print on the table.
Mr RENTOM observed, that he was a' all
times dism sed to avoid embarr s^ng the Sen^f,
and if the j lurnal was nnw amended,  o as not to
have an erronetus decision on record, he wind
wi hdraw his appeal, and proc od on his motion t >
take up the papers
Mr WHITE did nn kno>v vhti prec, e print
was before the Senile. He apprehended th^e
was a general mwake. It wa> not competent i<"
the Senatoi from Missouri 10 nuke a complex mo-
tion, an ' laying on the table, therefoie, the mom n
to print, did ni t carry the papers wnh it, yet the
journal, m recording the decision of the Chair,
savs it did Now the only w,j) of getting out of
the difficulty, is to suppose it was fake n for granted
first that the papers were laid on the table, and
ihen c-rne the motion to pr¡m 'i his would be
he regular order, and so it ought to appear on the
journal. Now what he (Mr White,) contended
lor was, that there was ro other m tton but the
motion to print decided by ihe vote of the d xy
before.
Mr CALHOUN could not see the slightest dif-
ficulty in the case The motion1 tor printing and
laying on the table, though distinct, «ere often
made jouitlv, tnrough the com e-} of the Senate.
Whenever they were a-a'c jo ntly, they weie put
in ihj same manner by the Cnair, end decided by
a single vote, unless a division wa  called fe, and
never in a s ngie instance, is fir as he could recol
lee, h?s the mo'ion to ' iv on th" t?b e be n ,nfer-
led by a v< te to 'ay th  punting 'n \h° table
The CHAIR said it w 1    h" practice, unless dis
s'nt was expressed, lo take t r ¡ranted that 1 if pq-
ners, wh--n íeceive', were  tsken anl  'aid on the
'ible, ihe n xt step being en the question to print
Mr CALHOUN observed bat the th-risi m of
theSenili 1 lay the motion to print 01 ibp t ihk,
affected mat point only Th  paper* now weie
subject to ¡he motion of the Senator wu<o in re-
duced them.
Mr. EVAN0 said he had no particular objection
to disposing of the subject any way at all, to get
out ot the predtcamen in hpving a question of or
der yet pending, which must b* dispo ed oí oef >r?
ihe Senate can go toother bu-neos. Tne j ¡urnal
was wrong, and had led to this difficulty It was
clear  that the practice sanctioned the presumption
that the papers were on the table when the motion
to print was laid on the tab'e It did not, therefore,
as the journal states, carry with it !he papers, for
they vi ere there before. The Senator from Mis-
souri moves to take them up, and on this motion
proceeds to debate th« subject, but the Senator from
Kentucky calls him to order, and ihe Chair decides
that he is oat of order, against wh ch he appeals
Here, then, is ihe question of order to be settled
Mr KING Mated that when the Senator from
Kentucky called the Senator from VIissouu to order,
it was on the subjec' of ("king ud the paoers The
ques ion of "rder . ad not been decided yet. The
simple question of fac', according to ihe journal,
seems to be, wntlher the v( te to lay the mo'ion to
pr nt on the table, cair ed w.th it tie papers the 1!-
selvcs, font i-, «' it  i m the journal that it did.
Mr. EVANSasked to be allowed to r ad Ihe jour-
nal He di< so The Senator from Missouri hav
mg moved to take up the memorial, the Senator
from Kertucky called hi n to oidor, on .he grounds
tha! it was not m order to debate a subject which
was not befóte the Senate The journal certainly
presents a very anomolous ca->e He would like
to have the journal corree led
The CHAIR said perhans the difficuly origi-
nated in his understanding the motioi of the Sena-
tor from Missouri to be a mou ^n to take up . gam
the motion to p-int,n t ibf> papéis themselves The
m tion to print hao been just disposed of. Prom
the exci'eroent and turn of the aVbate, the Cha r
was not permitted  o decid1 the question of order
laised by the Senator from Kentucky. That ques-
tion neier has been deeded since.
Mr BENTON said n was nis intention, when
called to order, to offer a fi w rea*o"s for taking up
the papers He did not design then going into the
general subject at ad, knowing that such a cour e
would be out of order. If the journal was now
corrected, he would relieve the S nale from em
1 arrassiwnt
Mr. WH'TE hoped the who'c matter would be
b-uught back to the point when the Seiator from
Mis'oun mo((d to tiko up the pape s
Mr KING e\pt"i. d ihe diffk. il i s in getting
bacitll  he point   I  irder was dtcid d
Mr MERRICK 1 nderMr od ibe j mrnal was not
c r ect, becau e t is iven that a> A deetsi;n of the
Cea r, vhith <\, o i'y an anst\erto - questio i
put by ihe Senator from Miss un (Mr Lito)
Mr KING hoped the Chair would now mase a
derision to correct ihe journal, >t, mely, that a «r-o-
ti r to lay a mo'ion to pr nt tn the table docs not
caTy wit 1 it the subject matter
Mr. MERRICK understood the dect ion of the
Chair was not to oe received as an adjud'cation on
the point of ord r He woulo ask Ihe Chair what
really was the state of the case'
Tne CHAIR recapitulated that the Senator ^nm
Missour' moved to take up die papers, the Senator
from Kentucky called him to older Whue ihe
qaestion of otder was pen img, t^e Sena'oi from
Missouri [Mr Livn] a ked aqaestioi, #hich the
Chair an"wered, and, bv sime inadvertency, the
answer to the quesuon wa« entered on the journal
as a decision The fact was that the only decision
in order wou d have been on the questioi of order,
which has never yet been decided
Mr EVANS requested thejournal would be read
a, it stood bef re it was corrected It was a clear
<asf>th?t the uror pre*/ on'of ihe cicumsUnce
01 1-e Secretary t 1 ie Senate mistaking ihe an-
*er of the Ch<ir to aqu Mi> 11 ask'd b> tht Sena-
tor tram M ssoor , [Vir Linn.]
Mr LINrJ "xp a ned that ih.3 renson h  asked
ihe question was, ihat he did not know whether
Ihe pap-rs were on Ihe table t not at the time
The CHAIR said her? was no mo ion with re-
gard 11 the papTs themse'ves, nut on the recepuon
which was taken tor granted
Mr CALHOUN said ibe vhole thing was very
s mple. He recapitula ed the proceedings from
the beginning to the pant ot oid-r now pending
and undecided. It was evident that the whole ob-
ject i'as to get at some pomt of discussion If tb 
Chair would reverse us oecisioi, the whole d.ffi-
culty could be removed in a few moments
Tne CHAIR staled that its opinion now wa< ihe
same as expressed in answer 10 the Senator from
