fe
>4               _____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________July, 1841
27m Cong.- -1st Sess.                                      Fiscal Bank—Mr. Tappan.______________________________Senate.
Mr. BAYARD asked if he rightly understood the
Senator from Alabama to mean that 'hough one
Senator was permuted to explain, the o hers were
- precluded from debate?
Mr. KING explained.
Mr. BENTON, for the purpose of finding out
what was at issue, would now move to take up the
papers, with a view of showing that lhey ought to
be printed.
Mr. CLAY. No, sir I never will, for ene,
consent to print such papers. The Senate may, if
it pleases.
Mr ARCHER asked what was the question be-
fore|ihe Senate
It was explained that the questio  of order had
first to be disposed of—that is, whether the Sena-
tor from Missouri was m order in proceeding to
give his reasons for moving to take tip the pa-
pers.
Mr CALHOUN had no doubt that, regarded in
the abstract, it was an abuse to move the conside-
ration of a subject immediately after the Senate
had ordered it to lay on the table. The object of
laying on the table is not to make a final decision
of the subject, but to get clear of it for the time
But he was equally clear that it was equally an
abuse to move to lay the motion of pr n tngon the
table, with a view to make a final disposition of
the subject matter, without affording the Senator
from Missouri an opportunity to assign Ins motives
for desiring to have the proceedings printed. The
one abuse gave rise to the other, but he did hope
that a mere abuse, whether justifiable or not, would
not be made a pretext for rescinding the clear par-
liamentary rule, which had been long and uniform
ly practised on by the Senate There is no ques
tion that the motion to take up a iubjtct is de-
batable. It is ihe daily practice of the Senate,
and whether the Senator from Missouri was per
feclly justifiable or not, under the circnms,tances o'
the case, to make the motion, it cannot br. doubted
he had a right to discuss it If there be any doubt
in the case, it 11 not the right to debate the motion,
but the right to make it He hoped the Senate
would recollect, in giving its vote, that the question
submitted by the Chair for its, decision is die ab-
stract general question, " Is the motion to take up
a subject debatablt ?" and not the question, whe-
ther the question was abused in this particular in-
stance If the general question was submitted, de-
tached from all the circumstances of the case, he
had no doubt that the decision would be quite
unanimous that the motion was debatable, but
as it is, he feared, that under the influence of party
feelings, it would be the other way
Mr KING, in order to bring the matter to a
point, would submit the rule which he handed m,
tor adoption
Mr. CLAY. That is a new rule and musthe on
the table one day
Mr CLAYTON said the rule would be of no
present use, as it would have to he on the table
one day, but it was in other respects objectionable
The tacit acquiescence of the Sena  would, in
most cases, answer all purposes. There was a rule
that no member should speak twice on the same
subjict, yet by tacit content every day and every
hour it is violated How many lime  had some
members spoken the same subject during this dis-
cus.sk n? The better way is to leave the matter to
the courtesy of the Senate An appeal to that
courtesy i never made in vain by any member
wishing to speak on a particular subject
Mr. KING explained the object of his proposi
tion.
The CHAIR read toe journal again, and stated
the question of order now pending
Mr 1RAHAM wished to know whether the Se-
nator from Missouri wai, in point of 'act, debat
mg the subject when called to order by the Senator
from Kentucky
Mr BENTON explained that he was mere y
proceeding to bhow that the papers rei ited to two
such important measures before Confess as lo
justify their considerad n
Mr GRAHAM suggested that it w uld remove
all difficulty by the Senator letting ih votego?t
once to his right to take up the papers
Mr BENTON explained.
The question wa> thm taken on the question
of order raised by the Senator from Kentucky, and
decided—yeas 25, nays 18
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, Evan«, Graham, Huntington, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
White,and Woodbridge—25
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—18
On which the CHAIR announced that the ques-
tion of order made by the Senator from Kentucky
was well taken
The Navy Appropriation bill was then taken
up, and read a third time
Mr MANGUM thought the Senate had done
enough for one day, and moved to adjourn.
On which motion the Senate at 3 oclock,
Adjourned.
into this argument, for I think upon one point Mr.
Jefferson was mistaken, and that is, that the exist-
ing generation may, by law, bind itself for the
íerm of nineteen years H<  applies reasoning
on'y applicable to the individual man to man m
the aggregate—to societies of men associated to-
gether for purposes of government. Society has
no heirs. The individual man cannot bind his
heir to pay one cent of his debts. The property
of the ancestor found in the possession of the heir
may be applied to the payment of them, but no-
thing of the property of the heir can be so applied.
As men cannot individually bind their children to
provide for the payment of their debts, so, col-
lectively, as a commonwealth, they may borrow
money beyond their power or inclination to pay,
and no power on earth can compel their succes-
sors to pay the debt It is customary with States
to pay such debts; and I will agree that, where our
ancestors have contracted debts for our benefit and
advantage, like the debts of the Revolution, we are
under a moral obligation to pay them, and insuefe
cases the pubhc faith is impliedly pledged lo their
liquidation. But if a State borrows money and
squanders it away in what leaves no durable be-
nefit to the successors of the borrowers, I cannot
see any greater obligation resting on those suc-
cessors to pay such debts, than ren upon the fru-
gal and industrious child to pay the gambling
debts of its dissipated father. The obligation, how-
ever, be it strong or weak, is an obligation of mo-
rals only—not a duty imposed by one generation
upon succeeding ones The existing generation of
rren have no power over those who will succeed
them n the possession and ownership of this
eartn Then they cannot charge them wita the
payment of their debts; they cannot pie«cnbe for
them the form of Government they «hall use, they
cannot forestall them in their legislation Though
in their benevolence they provide for all the fu-
ture, such provision is necessarily, and by an in-
vincible law of nature, confined to their own tem-
porary existence, it affects not that future, for it
exists independent of thorn and their cares
The sovereign power in this country (for of
other countries I havs no occasion to speak) is at
all times in the adult white male population, not in
each individual man, but in societies of men asso-
ciated in separate commonwealths. In this form
they institute and maintain civil govrrnment, and
exercise all the power  of sovereign and indepen-
dent States, with such limitations only as they from
time to time themselves pres ribe to their action.
Por the experiment being on trial m this country
to see with how little of government societies of
men may be prospere ns and happy, it is found
that the action of Government may leave the indi-
vidual at much greater liberty than had formerly
been thought compatible with public security.
The sovereign power, then, does not exist, and
cannot exu>t in a free country, in any other than
the whole body of ihe ac ive population Man
is the sovereign master not only over the earth and
all its productions, but over his own course of ac-
tion Whether he shall exercise ihe powers of
government by himself, or by his delegated ag«=nt,
or whether he shall permit t^ose powers to be
usurped and exercised by men nolding the sword
or the purse, is for himself to determine "For
man to be free, it ¡s sufficient that be wills it "
When A exander Hamilton built his whole argu-
ment in support of the power m Congress to char-
ter a bank upon the position that "every power
vested in a Government is, in its r ature, sove-
re gn," he mistook the thing created for the creator;
the instrument and fonn of action of the sovereign,
for tne sovereign himself The laws and Consti-
tution of he United States are ihe laws and Con-
stitution of a Confederacy of sovereign States, and
are, by agreement, supreme and paramount over
the laws of the individual sovereignties. But it is
a misapplication of language to call those laws and
that Constitution tha sovereign over a people,
whose will can abolish the one and change the
other at pleasure. It is mind alone that governs,
and not brute matter or prescribed formulas
The sovereignty exists in Us own right There
is no delegation or limitation of 'he power n holds,
bat the  nature of  tbmgs or the Deity.   But this
SPEECH OF MR. TAPPAN,
OF OHIO
in Senate, My 14, 1841—The orders of the day
being called, the United States Fiscal Bank bill
came up tor further amendment
Mr. TAPPAN rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
So much has been said, Mr. President, question-
ing the power of Congress to íepeal its own acts,
that I deem it necessary to bring that question
more directly before the Senate, and for that pur-
pose I propose, as an amendment, the following
additional section, to come in a-¡ the last sedion of
the bill.
' And be it further enacted, That nothing m this act con
tamed shall be construed aa an admission that Congress have
not the powei to alter modify, or repeal, the same "
In cases like this, where the pawer of Congress
is asserted on one side, and denied on the other, it
seems to me to be necessary, to a right understand-
ing of the question, that we should go back to first
principles, and examine the foundation of politi-
cal power The immediate proposition here is, to
exclude the inference that the power to repeal this
particular act, if it should become a law, is aban-
doned by any thing contained in it But in con-
sidering the question of repeal as to this particular
bill, in determining as to the rightful application
of the power in the individual instance, it may be
permitted to examine whether Congress have the
power to repeal all laws which they may enact; or,
in other words, whether the power of repealing is
not coextensive with the power of making laws.
I hold that the power of repealing all laws that
may be passed by Congress, or by a State Legisla-
ture, is a power inherent in, and necessarily inci-
dent to, the law making power—a power of which
legislators cannot divest themselves We cannot,
without a violation of the oath we have taken,
omit the exercise of this power on any occasion
where the Constitution or a just regard to the pub-
lic interest renders it necessary Whenever there
is a law existing which is found to operate differ
ently from the object and intention with which it
was ei acted—a law which is foand operating in-
juriously, and which is clearly detrimental to the
public welfare—a law that has been inadvertently
and improv dently paised, and one that is ascer
latned to be altogether improper—we ought to re-
peal such laws, public duty requires i ; we should
violate our trust and our o ths by neglecting to do
it, foi to repeal is as much a part of the power of
legislation upon any given subject as to make the
law Legis ative po .ver has no distinction be
tween them
That " ihe earth belonss to the living, and not
to the dead," is an observation of Mr Jtfferson,
which lies at the foundation of this question of the
po*er of repeal Mr Jefferson, by elaborate cal-
culation, shows that the average duration c f human
1 fe, or th  life of a generation of men, is nineteen
years, and from that fac' concludes that the exist-
ing generation of men, having no power over iheir
progeny, can only contract debts for themselves to
pay  witoa that period ot time.   I shall not enter
