íulj, 184Í.
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ÍST
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
vincing pad conclusive in that year, it must bear
repetmon now. Let him, then, uke up the ques-
tion, and, with the added knowledge and skill of
twenty five ye rs' piactice, pom  out to us that
clause in the Constitution «hie-h authorizes us to
charter a compai y wi h the enorra >u¡> power
to be conferred on this I think that he owes it
to his fame as a stateiman to do this; for, wi'hout
such explanation, hi- change of opinion -.lands re-
corded as one of the mojt m-morable chinges for
a really great m?n to make, upoi a great and veiy
plain roastuu ¡oml qu s> on, vvi hunt any reason
wnatever asa'gned to the public for it, which is
found recordel m history. He cve-nt, aLo, 10 the
Democrauc pariy, shich h= has rented from—to
the Federal patty, which 1 e has j ;n ed, and now
leads— c assign bis reasons for ih change of posi-
tion. Mary 13 n li-ve read and admired tie Sena-
tor's argument 01 1811 foi is brilliant eloqience
and scuid lo,. ._, and I s«aie mm that most of
them are rot ínij'ji"! th ' it has receivtd an an
s ver, or let LfKve that it en be preveré! I
thereio'e ¡ II upon he Sena'o" n< w, in the name
ot his frii rite ci 1811, of woom nc well knows 1
was orf, 10 do justice to himself an J tnetn m th s
matter.
lb.-  S^nato' woo reported this bill tells, us tha',
in saying that we will endeavor to íepeal it, if it
should be passed by h m and his friends, we ad-
vance "a new, dapgerjus, and monstrous princi-
ple." We threaten, according to h s account of
the matter, to de troy a contraer, and if we do
what we threaten, or evu attempt it, we shill
rou--e the ind gnauon of the who'e Cnnstian world
Bjaimt us. Hi Senator ought to itoo'lect this
the party he as^cic-ted wuh in 1811 are n t to be
fngntened from the. r c urse of duy by rail "■„ a"d
dent ncia 1 n To it n a1, \n, ^ntll ioniiJ ds h"
performa>3"e ( f p i->h a 1 s l nm c'at , t «1 t 1
we shah b^ jrg d cw 1 ..1 u,ti ,0 n > 0 t l e Ci u-
stila'icn, r 1 jyt 1 vjic" of t« j , ilf I 1 d mt
raged p°op e A ie<tij we near tnat vci„e f oji
tne h 1 of New Hampshire to (he p ains ot Caro-
lina, dec armg (hat ¡his new fiscal agent if miq 1 -
ty must pnj ehall be repealed, if the pariy now in
power succeed in imposing it on the people By
tne I>g 1 Jute of N w Ha iipshire it his been
Reoliel T iat i1 >uld the present Co ierres gi int a charter
fira I ute   ates Bank, coauary to fho will of th peijte of
the Unit 1 States, as expiessed at evo y e'ecuou at winch the
q testijn has b en presented ti them, it will I c the duty of a
subsequent Congress to lepeallt
Resolved th t the Domociatic pait) of Pse\ Ifampshlie
will suppoit ro ca idilate 101 aseu 11 the-Tongie s fih tut
tedStues whow 11 not, when ierpie&t 1 the e o peí e him
s°!ftogj lot aiabsol i e and u-¡condujo it! iepe_ of t ic rh^r
let of a ly National lia lk wi ich may be cieatcd by tredoni
null party
AJU'ierou ip ra  ofenzM? of Sou'h Caro-
lina, on me 27 a cí M¿> ° , r' '"hnie ton, w in
a l'k  sp r t,
Reí   ip'   Tnatth   p   vrtni coipnale i tit '   is not only
not m th  tn5 te  u    b tt \ ase\piej Iv left cdtoCoi^ie
initio es ai l 111 n     t ! br* a wo uid   >n th   C us ltu ion and
inflict a fatal b    v upon nebe t inteiests oí ^ mili Carol nd
\rd  als —
IZxiohei, That C u'ress having no a^t' onty nlei the
Co sai utm [r niciipoialea Isa 101 al Hit k if such an itisti
timón U coipoitted well litha beef* ltu nay beatai y
tuneb" 1 p al  lc.nl tnoííanc abolish d
IV-sc are Si.crg and v íy cxpl c t i eclara ions
Next I Will Rive j,cj the opm on^ o< some of th
Dorao^ acy oí O 10 on the same sul j t. T <¡
is a Sae wiicr', no arista d r> th-> j ffeicnce
existing nit on tin ubi v , ti ere í^fiU! a-
ji.iHi' 11 t e op nion th?' d> %re -. h venoit.e
powtr (o c'iartp' .1 gallon f-nk, *na a hr e
iv>üjo"iy ■■% e^i'i ,n 1 'a tie p er n i perl
in  is C£iiinen ,:ra * \ u tie ptwer ot miking
laws A> ? ¡peetiiia; £' Car a-.pc, 0 ti c t zens t í
Ham 1 01 c un'y, in mat S ate it w .s,, among other
turn? ,
Jsesohtl  Ihtt wt will 1 e   Í ho^otibe i"u a ii> ti    re
vt It    he    >       lreol   1D11C   cllllter     tt        1 te     itsessOlO!
i ii gi rc- oí nv Itttore nni n ' that sn M ^ i 1 a mea u e
oerbe ditt í y l^or gres , that we will coi u t^nuli
anl loid iltutwt r e f-'e oui-selves to tt v \\ hi k w 1 in r to
<; an 1 i p i"ii thf ioeity brq ieathed to it, b^ oui m c t,tnat
we w i coi li ti°< ir ipm i ioi by aUlcu niti in-'iis mi n ti'
«suchaillslt tli c/ i I b<* rcpruk-d o? o!lia u)i$r blul lotfuf
f n *ence and our 3 n is Co istlttltio I ig in be lesp c e i as
tlKsupr"ii   law of the Un 1
Re&olvtJ   That we ca 1 tipineveiy paltiot in thecotintiy of
Whueiei piblical f arty  1)   maybe   to enter h s solemn pio
tett n"mnit the  eilablahment of such an institution, and
to io nwi h ns m eflortsto suy the tuleofu^po ism and cor
lliption which thieaieiib to Siveep over the Ian 1
¡Rento t'l, lhat tha membeis of the juesentO^re 9 «li 
oppose tii° charter of a tin d States Bank, are doing battle m
a noh'e cause, and ib-v they will have the support and grati
tude of millions ol fi en in their opposition to this odious
measure
Resolved that if the present Congress should be mad
enough to subo unte for the present Isauonal Treasury a Na
tional Bank, in any form whatever, we pledge ouiselves to the
country, and to each other-, that we wit! vote for ni candidate
for Congiess who will not most solemnly pledge himself that
he will vote foi the repeal of the charter of such Bank, and
use every exertion foi the le establishment of an Independent
Treasury
Resolved That to charter such a Bank as has been recom
mended by the Seuetary ol the Treasuiy, by making the Go
vernment of the United States, and of the individual Stat s,
paitneis with money deale *, shavers and swindlers, would
enta.l upon the while country an indelible disgrace, which
eveiy honeb man and sound puriot must deprecate, and hold
in the utmost abhorrence
Such proceedings are reaching ns daily, meet-
ings, aie held n every pait of the Union to declare
the Sime principles—'he uncorstitutionah y of the
proposed ¡aw, aid the duty of repealing it From
Maine and Veimont to Louisian and Alaban a,
the sound of repeal comes oa every wind, and
while tne law is yet in an embryo s ate, and tha
evil is only thieatened, pubic opinion is concen-
trauig against its mons'rous usurpations
Tb.pdistinguished Senator,wbo denounces hedoc-
Inge of repeal at thw time es infamous, did not a'-
v ays; believe it ei'her unjust or inexpedient, he on e
thou.ht correctly, ard took a common-sense v ew
o' this, sulject. Repeal was not only in general
correct ard prober wnere abad law eiisud, but
even Bank charters were not under an tegis manu-
factured by judical chailatans for their preserva-
tion, all were sjbjcct to be repealed. I ask the
Sctretary to read
An act to repeal the act entzlltd^An act establishing mJe
pendent banfs in '/us Commonwealth, and an ail supple
mental thei tto
\\ ueiedsj m the tenth amele of the constitution ol Kentucky
U ¡s de Idled 1 t t tl it Jl nee nen when they foi in a soe il
compact, ue equal ail that no man or set of men are en
ii led to exilusiv^. epuatep bh emoluments oi pilvile^efa
Pom tie c mi utility, bu n i i siiLiauo i if pub it tinee
ills coud } tint ilipiwei is mheient in the i eople n 1 all
lice Governments are loan ~('onthen aulhoilly and inititui
ed lot then peice, saiety ard ha if mess \ntt wlu leas itis
self evident accoidins; lo thotoe fun lamental pnnciples oi Co
veranieit tint all laws which giant to a few the powerto
oppie sthe mu-) aie fyiannical in iheir natuie, and adverse to
tiepnmitne íubt of ihejeople, an I theiefore repealable by
the supreme aulhoi Ity losay that a sale of primitne uehts of
the people, by tne Legi la lire is to be perpetual and unaittra
ble, becau&e there is aconttaet m the case is to declaielhat
eiror and abuse of powei may con&eci ue themselves tiatid
vitiates all contracts To effect the intention of the pal ties, is the
object of all laws legaidmg contiacts That a privilege grmt
e I shall be ustd foi ¡he destiuetion, or even t6> the disadvan
tageof those who gianted, couhl nt ver te the intention of the
patties All leglsl tuve pov.ei is deuvative, proceeds iiom the
1 eople and is t be used lot then happiness and piospemy
onI>, consí-qu" i ly all ivvs of a contiary tendel cy violate the
in e moil ol the social c impact and are uh ect upon first pnn
ciples, to tie condition of beuia lereaed, whethei the evil
spun s from the lidtuie of the privilege eianted or ctntuct
enteied into, or from the abuse of u hei A bank chartel, iiom
its nature, extends, ard necessarily confines, the powers and
pnvileges grdnled to a few to the exclusion of the many It
therefore lollow as "n unavoidable conclusion that lfthe pow
eis and pilyilegesgianted in a ban c chaittt operate against the
public good the people by their I egislature, have the primitive
light to levokesuch chaiter To the end, therefore, that the
g iod people ol this teta e be delivered, in lutuie, from the bane
luí effects of the poweis and pnvileges granted by the law e ta
ublishing indepen lent banks m i us Commonwealth, which
have been e\eru el m many instance in the plenitude of ly
lanny o¡ piessi n, tnd abuse, to the gieat lnjuty of fue good
pe >[ le of ibis s*tate
•sec 1 Beit enattel IJ the G ncial Assembly of the Corn
io iwecltl of Krn'ucly, Ihit <i!l powei light oi ptivilesri
Slanted to the corpora i nis c ta llshei by an act entitled An
act estab ish n^Ihe independent hi inb in this Commonwealth,"
appiovcd 1 inuary tl e twenty <u\th out thojsande ght hundred
and eighle n and an act en Hied An act supplemental to the
ac estábil h ng ndepe de it banks m this Commonwealth/'
appioved Febiuny thii 1 one thou anl eight hun hed and
euht^^n to ! al tnltiad lndiscouns h llsol exi hanee ot cur
reu mine1, oi iois ue n lies n b 1 of credit, piyible to beaicr j
or othetwi e, shall Le, an 1 the une die h leby, íepeal d and
revoke Í fi m inlaltti 1 e fiist day of May n xt and all other
powei lights, an 1 pn\ ilages=tanie ' usaiu eorporul ions, in said j
íecited act' aie htuby lep^aied n lievoke 1 Mom and alter |
the fust day f lint t 3 i e ¡honran 1 eieht hundred and
twei ty three    [Apj 1 is ed 1 ebru try 10 1820 1
Here is a law ct K-entuc^y, the Senator's own
S ate, and mist cm, h«ticall> >, for such arc his
c mman ung tal is, jm so great 1  the popjiar
belief there if lib tiroíouáj wi dom, lhat his 11-
flu'nce has beer for'a \oi% '1 tie param unt in its
legisla^ on I' is a law provbly d'awn up by
h mb«lf, oruncer his daection, for it expreses
tr-ose Democratic sentiu ents once so much che
rtsned b/ tie Senator. Tne supposition that the
Senator formerly was a full believer in. the powi r
and duty of rereal, though he now holds the doc-
trine to be so monstioua and wicked, does no more
violence to probability than that he should disco-
ver m the Cons'itatio&in 1816 a power which was
not there in 1811 I say it with all respect forthe-St-
nator, for surely I en ertain towards hjm personally
no feelings but those kmdness and good wjlj I pp-
pose only his political course. It may be ihit sotne
speech explained, at the time this law was passed,
the Senator'  notions on the subject, and satisfied
th§ Kentuckians that the power of repeal wasáurf-,
mensúrate wuh the law-making povirr Itisb/ut
fair to presume th s; for it he then thought such a
law monstrous and wicked, he would have raised
his powerful voice against ii; he would tiavedo-
nouiiced i', as he ¿enounce  the threat of such a
law here. More: he would have prevented tha
passage of the jc, for his voce has b-en po'ential
and his influence paramoimt ía that State, since
before this f ct was passed.
I hope, Mi. PrcHdent, ailer rnarmg tlis ría.',
the Senatcrfro-n K<mucky will rat "eel nimtelt
justified m rencratiug the charge th, t  e «re going
01 a new and mons'reus ptmiiple when we advo-
ca'e the power of repeal.
I think Í have plowed iha', upon the recogtiiecj
principles of legislation, w e lni e fre powier of re-
pealing any law mat ever has been passed by Ct n-
gres, and that the tame power wi'l belong to those
who shall succeed us It is a power which we
cannot cast off. We come here charged with lhat
power. We are not on'y bound to pas^ all laws
necessary for the public gooe', if con'titu íonal,
but we are aNo bound to repeal al! laws that ope-
rate írjuriously aga.nst tbe comovumiy, or'that a>«
in themselves urctLotituiioral It ü a deiebction
of duty if we lefce to iepe.il such lass—as much
so as to refuse ti enact a gcod and c iisiimticnal
law, when the pubhc 1 le lest and welfare r qn rtn
I have 'a d ihns much in s if put of my view n
and t pinion c th* su1 jcci ot !t-j fp!, becau e a
diseusvi 1, tt lhe quisti n stemta h bi recissary
at hi-, t nv, aid, wiiiiL .e «re thaigrd with ad
vecating d'Ciine! "mens rcuc, immoral, and in-
famous," I thought it th best waj of repelling ;o
insulting a charge, to s ate, as fu ly ard as plainly
rs ihe „tale t f my bra h Lis permitted, the rea-
soning on which those ( p.-s'ons are founded, that
the truth or falsehood ot the charge may be judg'd
by an intelligent people
It is due to the Iriends of this bill to assign our
rea-ons for holding such epimous of our dutv; and
to warn ihem that a 'a'ge pariy in this country,
and, as I believe, a u>ajo ity of the pcop'e, will re
quire that outy to be p 1 oraed if hey pt'sisi m
passing this utcon    tutional and in qni'ous ait.
It is due even 10 ths>l greedy host 1 f ca'cbers
and specula'ois in sutks, «mo a>e wai ing wuh
imp?ticnce to vke ihe stock of this Ea"k, ti Rtthcy
should kneiw what a dcuutful and dispu ed interest
they are liktly to get in th.s great moi opolvj - f«at
they miy* be able to cnake a fair tMimaie of their
cbanc s, and sec whether th cbarce of repeal is
not one of greattr and more paramount impe>f
tance to tlum than ? 1 he c! anees of ga.n. The
view 1 have tak <i tf the s'ltjrct is the rcsuli oí
much rfflectitn upon it But v hether my j t lut-
eal friends are goieir°d by the same roefs-e ot
reasoning, or noi, I u nr t say Of this, huwe?e/,
I am assurfd—we all ag'ee ihat, so far as lespeeK
tl-e b 11 vndsr cofisirieraiicn, the power and duly oí"
ifp"al are urques ltnable.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
Ol   MI's'sCUK],
In Senate, T«e«.ay, Ju'j 27  1841—-On h ,  motion
to pjsittnen   1 tiritelj Ue  t> 1' for  chartering
the Fi cal B -k.
Mr. BE-sroW ste'e' h, no 10", and said that
I e would move i' n, f 1.11 he ore  be Testfmej lus
seat, but beice ' e rn. 'e l.is roion, or gave tin
reasons for it whicn he ir 'ended fo effir Pe shoiaki
avad himself of the oppo-iunty toMiOw the erro 
into   which   tie   S  a'< 1   f'tm Kentucky   [Mr
MoRfHLiuJ bad f  Iff 1 1 tela 1 . t   ih" Presiden-
¡a caava s of 1834, a> d  h^   uo os J cr nneclion
of the Bankqicstion w ii tnat c rivss,    That ge-
nitor   has   Sid,  and very  truly 'aid,  that  Mr
Crawford, one of ine prcnu ent eandida'es oi thai
time, had been in favof of the Bank of 1816, ana,
from thiscircumsunc, he oas deduced the  infer
