198
APPENDED TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sbss.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ence that those who supported Mr. Crawford were
in favor of a National Bank. This inference he
has particularly attached to Mr. Van Buren and
some of his leading friends. The point evidently
was to show that the supporters of Mr Crawford,
he greater part of whom now oppose a National
Bank, were themselves bank men in 1824; and
«hereby to weaken or destroy their weight and in-
fluence in opposing one kow. But all this is erro-
neous, and a great injustice to the gentlemen re-
ferred to; for the bank question was dead in 1824,
and was not mentioned in the canvav-s of that pe-
riod. I came here as a Senator in 1820, have re •
mained here ever since, and know very well upon
what questions the election of 1824 was made to
turn. The bank question was not one of them. No-
body mentiened the bank. No man would allow
his name to be connected with it. It was known
as the author of the calamities which then afflicted
the country; it had just been arraigned for nume-
rous crimes by a committee of Congress—had been
subjected to two motions to dissolve its charier
by scire /netos—and to one to repeal it by
law; and, loaded with infamy, it dad merely
escaped with its life, and was dragging
out the ignominious existence of an .«executed
felon. It was not a question of love, but of ha-
tred to the institution at that time. All concurred
in execrating it; many were for destroying it; and,
among the foremost of these destroyers were the
two gentlemen (then members of the House of
Representatives) who have been lately elected Pre-
sident and Vice President of the United States.
For this reason no candidate conneced his name
with that Bank; no one acknowledged friendship
for it. Tariff and internal improvement were the
hobbies then ridden; the bank hobby was dead, and
ao one straddled its loathsome and lifeless carcass.
But, although wrong in his inference, and unjust
in its application to Mr. Van Buren and others, the
Senator from Kentucky has yet done a good ser-
vice to the cause of truth and justice in general, by
reviving the recollection of the early history of the
late Bank of the United States, and of the mischiefs
inflicted by it upon the country. The period of
seven or eight years next ensuing the charter of
that Bank, was the most calamitous ever known in
our America; and all who were cotemporary with
the events know full well that these calamities were
the fruit of the crimes and the machinations of the
Bank. The whole Union suffered under its blight-
ing and baneful influence; but, above all, the
Southern and Western States, which became the
chief seat of its operation1-', and especially of its
ravagi'g exactions for specie. The South suffered
dreadfully; the We>t still more; and, of all the West,
Kentucky and Ohio suffered the most, and (he reason
was that they had received in the beginning a double
portion—Benjamin's portion—of the blessings of that
institution—they had received two branches apiece,
while other States received but one apiece; and
thus double execution was done upon them. Four
branches of the National Bank, placed at the short
distances of sixty or eighty miles apart, like for-
tresses in a conquered country, occupier! the two
devoted States. These four branches (their busi-
ness being to import paper and to deport specie, to
loan millions to speculators, and crush the local
banks first, anu the people afterwards) were esta-
blished in the most beautiful parts of Kentucky
and Ohio—regions of romantic fertility and beau-
ty—where dwelt at that time the most happy,
flourishing, and prosperous people on whom the
beneficent sun of heaven had ever shone. The
four branches came—engines of plunder, worked
by a foreign impulse, for the bentf.t of a heartless
monster. In the brief space of three or four years
from their advent, the whole picture of Kentucky
and of Ohio felicity was obliterated and reversed.
Biack desolation spread her wings over the land —
misery penetrated every heart. Wo to the man
that was in debt. The property that was bought
for many thousands, was sold for a few hundreds.
A small execution against a debtor was the death
warrant to his estate, no matter how large it might
be. No one flourished but the usurer, the Federal
banker, the Bank attorney, the Bank retainers, and
the offieers of justice. The workers of the Na-
tional Bank machinery, and their servitors and fa-
vorites, alone grew rich and gay. With the mass
<*of the community it was one unbroken scene of
suffering and of distress. The products of the
earth commanded no price. Wheat, after having
been grown and harvested, was often allowed to
sprout, and grow again in'the stack, and eventually
to rot in the straw, because it was not worth the
expense of threshing, grinding, and carrying to
market. The man who had two empty barrels
might go to the owner of a luxuriant orchard, and,
by siving one, he might bring away the other filled
with the juice of the apple. Money—that is to
say, gold and silver—had vanished—the National
Bank had carried it all off. The local banks were
penniless and dead—the National Bank had rob-
bed and murdered them. The National Bank itself
was dead. Its shut -up branches in Louisville,
Lexington, Chillicothe, and Cincinnati, issuing no
currency, making no loans, far from aiding the
people, were stripping its debtors of their property,
and '.hipping the last specie gleanings to the East.
The New Orleans market—sole outlet for Ken-
tucky and Ohio produce—was then the meanest mar-
ket in the world; and the reason was the predomi-
nance of the National branch Bank there, its mono-
poly by speculators, and its deportation of specie
to the East. This was the conditio i to which four
branches of a National Bank reduced the two noble
Statfs of Kentucky and Ohio a few short years
ago, and of all which we were then the actual, and
are now the surviving witnesses. We felt these
calamities, and saw the cause. In the extremity of
their distress, the people had recourse to extraor-
dinary measures to save themsetves from impend-
in? ruin. Legislative and judicial remedies were
called in; and all the fruitless panaceas of stay
laws, stop laws, property laws, and replevin laws,
were successively and vainly tried. Paper money
was emitted; but the four branches having evisce-
rated the States of their specie,and still having their
agents at work capturing and deporting every piece
that could be found,there was no substratum of hard
money to support the superstructure of paper; and
the baseless fabric, like a building without a fonn-
da'im, tumbled in ruins to the earth. Empirical
remedies aggravated the evil: relief was only to be
found in the two great resources of ECONOMY
a«d INDUSTRY; and to these the people betook
themselves with a heroism of virtuous determina-
tion worthy of Sparta in her noblest days. Every
one curtailed his enjoyments, circumscribed his
operations, reduced his expenses, and limited his
wants. Every family was placed upon the peace
establishment. Homespun became the universal
wear. Fine young ladies, and young men of the
best hopes, wore less finery and fewer store goods
than their slaves wear now. Rye coffee wa  com-
mon in the families of the best farmers It was
the pride of the farmer to cay to his gu<>st (for their
was much hospitality then:) "Every thing you see
in my house is the produce of my farm " This spi-
rit and this practice relieved the people, and re-
covered the country, which the ravases, the favo-
ritism, and the monopolies of the four branches of
the National Bank had reduced to misery and de-
solation. At the end of seven or eight years, Ken-
tucky and Ohio were, prosperous again; and then
the branches, which* had been shut up for years,
went to work again upon the revived prosperity
of the country, claimed the merit of the revival,
and recommenced their ruinous process of ship-
ping specie, undermining the local banks, destroy-
ing local currencies, and then presenting them-
selves as the curers of the diseases of which they
were the sole authors, Such was the condition of
Kentucky and Ohio, a few short years ago, under
the depredations of a National Bank; a condition
from which economy and industry, and not banks or
legislation, relieved them; and which gave to the
National Bank rn odium which made every public
man shun its cause—which made many seek us
death—and which the erroneous inferences of the
Senator from Kentucky have so profitably brought
to our recollection now.
Sir, said Mr. B. this is an episode—a digression
from the purpose of my motion—but a most pro-
fitable one. It is an episode which belongs to the
very vitals of the Bank question; and is, of itself, a
full answer to the Senator's   entire   speech.    It
shows him that the National Bank is not the reme-
dy, tut the cause of Western distress. If he is too
young to have recollected the times which I have
mentioned, let him inquire of the aged when he
goes heme. Let him ask the old men about the
felicity of Kentucky and Ohio before the National
Bank sent its engines among them;—let him m-
qaire for the misery which ensued;—and let him
a:k for the manner of the relief from their depre-
dations. They will tell him in full, and in detail,
what I have barely sketched and grouped. They
will fill up the picture of which I have g'.ven him
the faint outline. But I will not defer him so long.
I will not postpone him till he gets home. I have
a Kentueky witness here—an eye witness of all he
relates—and speaking in 1824 of what then was,
and for several years had been;—and to him we
will refer for the condition of the country in the
first seven years of the late Bank's existence. I
read from a well known speech, and invite atten-
tion.
11 In casting our eyes around us, the most prominent circum-
stance which fixes our attention, and challenges our deepest re-
gret, is the general distress which pervades the whole coun-
try. ft is forced upon us by numerous facts of the most in-
contestable character. It is indicated by the diminished ex-
ports of native produce; by the depressed and reduced state of
ouvforeign navigation; by our diminished commerce; by suc-
cessive unthreshed crops of grain, perishing m our barns and
yards for want of a market; by the alarming diminution oí the
circulating medium; by the numerous bankruptcies, not limit-
ed to the trading classes, but extending to all orders of society;
by a universal com plaint of the want of employment, and a con-
sequent reduction of the wages oflabor; by the ravenous pur-
suit after public situations, not for the sake of their honors,
and the performance of their public duties, but as a means of
private subsistence; by the reluctant resort to the perilous use
oí-paper money; by the intervention of legislation in the de-
licate relation of debtor and creditor; and, aboce all, by the
low and depressed state of the value of almost every description
of the whole mass of property of the nation, which has, on an
average, sunk not less than fifty percent, within a few years."
—[Mr. Clay's Tariff Speech in 1824.1
This is the testimony of a Kentuckian, and of
an eye witness of the scene which he depicts. His
testimony is not limited to Kentucky and Ohio,
but is co-extensive with the Union. It is not con-
fined to the farming, or producing classes, but em-
braces all orders of society. It extends to every
branch of business—to foreign and domestic com-
merce—agriculture—manufactures—day labor—
the price of all property—the want of employment
—the ravenous pursuit after public office—legisla-
tive interference between debtor and creditor; and,
to crown the picture, the perilous resort of the
country to the use of paper money. This was his
picture of the!national distress; universal, profound,
and deplorable a?, he described it to be. What
was his remedy for this great distress? Not a
National Bank! By no means! We had the
B ink then, and had possessed it for eight years;
and it was universally known to have been the
great cause of the deplorable distresses of the
country. Its omnipotence for mischief, and its
impotence for good, was then universally known.
Not even the benefit of the maxim that the hair
of the dog was good for the bite, could then be
applied to it. Bank remedie?, State or Federal,
were scouted by all, and National Bank above all.
What then was the remedy? Tariff! tariff! tariff!
That was the sovereign remedy—and upon that
hobby mounted the most desperate candidates for
the Presidency, and rode it whip and spur, from
the beginning to the end of the race. Thus, it was
tariff, and not bank, which was to relieve the na-
tional distress in 1824; now it is bank, and not
tariff, which is to work the same miracle ! And
whv? Because bank was , a broken down poney
in 1824, and tariff was a fresh and lively nag;
new tariff is broken down, and bank is strong
enough to take the track again. This is the sole
reason of preferring, first one, and then the other;
and, upon this shifting of the taddle to suit the
rider's interest, the people are to be bamboozled
with an edition of the .«ame discourse in favor of
the one, which was previously used in favor of the
other.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Morehead,]
will now s-:e the bank question had nothing to do
with the Piesidential canvass<f 1824, and why it
had not. He will also see why it now has so much
to do with the elections and the legislation of the
prtsent day.
I now proceed, sir, to give my reasons for the
i motion I intend to make, for the indefinite post-
