Juiy, 1841._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.        ________________      313
27th Coks.... 1st Sess.                                      Fiscal Bunk—Mr. Benlon.                                                                 Senate.
depriving the Scale of all part and share in the re-
moval oí the branch from its b rders. Two pow-
ers ate to consent to the removal, namely, the
Bank: and the Congress; but the State itself is a
suility ia the transaction. The branch may come
against her will, aad go away against her will. If
this is not contempt and outrage U the State, what
can be?
The third part of the amendment is still more
insulting and derogatory to the Siaie. It affects tO'
defer to her sovereignty; it affects to consult her;
it affects to obtain her consent; it affects all this.
But, with wha' mockery, with what derision, with
wha-. laughing contempt to the States! Their con-
sent is to be presumed, if their dissent is not ex-
pressed at the first meeting of the legislature; that
Legislature which does not represent the sove-
reignty of the State, and the Senatorial branch of
which is permanent for several years in most of the
States, and that branch, in several of them, now
known to be in favor of the Bank, while the peo-
ple of ¡he State are against is! No notice is to be
given her—no copy of the charter to be laid before
the General Assembly—and its attention called to
this clause, by which its sovereignty may be pre-
sumed away—so notice of tny kind is served
upon her. In the smallest question of property, or of
right—m the question oí ¡¡tie to a cow befóte a jus-
tice of (he pei.-.e, there must be notice, actual
or implied; a trial must take place, and that a real
trial between two patties, present in fact or in law.
The owner of the eo=- cannot )o«e her without be-
ing summoned to a trial, and having atrial in fact;
but here a State may lose a par! of its sovereignty
by a mere presumption, founded en a falsehood,
and known to be false st this time on viewing the
condition of several of the State Senates. Judg-
ment, by default, may go against the State: a snap
judgment may strip it of its sovereignty. But sup-
pose it gets notice, and proceeds to speak for itself,
then the poor State is placed under limitations,
both a,; to time and speech. She must speak at
the first session, and say nothing but yea or nay.
Like the culprit at the bar of justice, these States
at the bar of the boaid of directors, are limited to
the plea of guilty, or not guilty! Unconditional
responses are their privilege of speech. What is
this but unconditional submission? the uncondi-
tional submission of States to a board of bank di-
rectors. Tne last clause of the amendment keeps
up and continues the insult to the States, by re-
serving to a future Congress the right of establish-
ing these branches without ¡he consent of the
States. Thus, take the question in any way,
■whether to establish a branch, or to remove a
bfi-.ncb, whether to affect to consult her, or not
c-.nsu't her, the re-alt is still the same—contempt
and outrage to the rights and character of the Slate
is the o'.rtiüc she rece.ves from every part of this
sm.~r;d:;>eti;.
St', laud on<! word more,'sad resume my seat.
This amendment is called a compromise. It is
siid to b  a compromise of !hs question which,
evpfv ouo know*! ha-- rendered it impossible, until
no /, to pas'! this Bank charier. That question was
o::e of constitutional principle! How it could be
compromised is to me" a legislative incomprehen-
sibihiy. Questions of exped.encv may be com-
y>r mited, Eiid often are, and ought to be. Tne
formation of the Constituti'm itself was a work of
compromise; but, after it was onre formed, com-
promise in its administia ion became impossible.
i;isa fundamental Uw to be administered. Its
administration is guarded by tiie highest sanction
of oath and duly. Conscience, aad conscience
alone, can guide the vote of members ia any ques-
tion arismg'under it; End surety conscience is a
thing ¡r.CFpable of being compromised.
The question was taken, and the vote on the
amendment was:
YfliVS—Mtssrs. Barrow, B' te% Biyard, Ber-
rín ' Choate, Clay of Kentucky Dixon, Evans,
Graiam, Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
xnadge, White, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—¡Messrs. Allen, Archer, Kenton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthberf, Ful-
t«B, King, Linn, McRoberts,  Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Rive , Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, aud Young—24-
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI.
At Senate, Wednesday, My 14, 1841—Oa his mo-
tion to strike out the wont ''six," and to insert
"five,"1 in the I Ub section of the bill, for the
purpose of reducing the interest which the Bank
might take on its loans and discounts to five per
cent.
Mr. BENTON said  the present  Bank charier,
unlike ¡hose which preceded it, was intended to be a
mere gratuity and friendly gift to the stockholders;
they were to pay nothing for the extraordinary pri-
vileges which were granted  to them, while  the
stockholders in previous charters were to pay hrge
sums for privileges far less valuable than those
now conferred.   Th: charter of 18IS was sold for
one million five hundred thousand dollars; for the
renewal of that charter for only fifteen years, in
1832, the sum of three millions of dollars was to be
i paid in annual instalments of two hundred thou-
sand dollars; and this sum was far be'ow what
might have   been   obtained for   the same char-
ter, and   was   one of   the   reasons for   the, veto
which President Jackson placed upon it.    He ob-
jected to the amount of the bonus as entirely be-
low the amount which ought to be paid; and in
that opinion he was entirely borne'out by the opi-
nion of a large part of the Senate, as shown  by
repeated votes; aud by the fact that a much larger
sum was actually offered for a similar charter.    A
petition was presented for a new charter, chiefly
subscribed by citizens of New  England,  who  of
fer*d a bonus of $700,000 per annum, amounting
to iourteen millions, for a charter of twenty years.
In the Senate, on the  6 h of June, no kss than
lour votings took place on the amount of the bonus
to be paid for the renewed charter.   There was a
blank for the annual sum to be paid, and the first
motion was to fill that blank with the sum of
$525,000;  which, for fifteen years, would have
amoun'ed to a bonus of $8,875,000.   Ten Sena-
tors voted for that amount: they were, Messrs.
Benton, Ellis, Forsyth, Hill, King, Marcy, Sprague,
Tazewell, Tyler, and White. Of these, Mr. Sprague
was friendly  to  the charter.   The next motion
was to fill the biank  with the sum of $350,000,
which   would   have   given   $5,250,000   for   the
amount of the bonus.    Twenty Senators voted for
this sum.   They were, Messrs. Bell, Benton, Dick-
ersou, Ellis, Forsyth, Grundy, Hit , Kane, King,
Knight, Mangum, Marcy, Prentiss, Robinson, Sey-
mour, Sprague, Tazewell, Tomlmson, Tyler, and
White.    Among these weie no less than seven Se-
nators who were friendly to  the Bank.    Tne vote
against it was twenty-seven.    Two otaer motions
were made  to  fill  the  blank  with  $300,000 and
$250,000, and voted for by the same twenty Squa-
lors who had voted fur the $350,000; but being lost,
the !Bib of $200,000 was proposed, and earned by
a vote almost  unanimous.    Foriy-three Senators
vsted for it; and  among them every friend to the
Bank, exc pt one.   Tne two leading advocate' for
the recharter, Messrs. Clay and Webster, voted for
it.    Such was 'he opinion of the Senators with re-
spect to the value of such charters in 1832.    Now
a charter far more valuable ¡n its provisions ¡o the
corporators, and f>r a longer time by five years,
and for a capital to be incieased to fifty millions,
is to be granted gratuitously to these stockholders
In this absence of all bonus, said Mr. B. for this
extraordinary charter—the most valuable t.i i lock-
holder* that ever was granted—I propose that they
shall give something in   another form—'hat   they
shall make some indemnity—that they shali re-
duce the interest on their loans and discounts from
s x to five   per cent.   Tnis, < n every  million  of
loans, would only be ten thousand  do'iars.   It
would be some indemnity to the public, though an
inadequate one, for this lavish and most beneficial
charter,    ¡n the absence of all bonus, and ah other
compensation, it would be something, not only to
the borrowers from the Bank, but to the commu-
nity generally, by setting an example of a reduced
interest.   Upon the Bank it would be no hardship.
It can afford to lend at five per ceBt. for bank  do
not lend money, but credit in ihe shape of their ¡>rc-
misaary notes, bearing no interest, and lent for
those which do, the Bank only paying its notes
when it pleases, while exacting punctually th«
debis due it. A bank should never have the same
interest for the loan of its notes which individuals
have for the loan of their money. It can afford
to loan them for less. The 1 ale Bank made great
loans to its friends at that rate, and even less. I
read in my place, a few days ago, a list of loans,
e ghteen in number,n«ae of them less than $400,000,
andoneas high asa million and near a quar-
ter, made by the late Bank of the united States to
Thomas Btddh, all of them at five and four and
a half per centum. These were detected by
Mr. Clayton's committee in 1832. How many
more of the same kind were made, is un-
known to me, but doubtless Mr. Thomas Btddle
was not the only one of ihs "family" and its friends
which were thus favored. These loans show that
the late Bank could, and did loan money at five
per centum, and even less; and, therefore, on the
renewed charter of 1832, which received the veto
of President Jackson, many attempts were made
in the Senate to reduce the interest which the Bank
might take, from six to five per cent. This propo-
sition received the voles of twenty-one Senator?,
among them several friends of the Bank. They
w«?re: Messrs. Benton, Brown, Dickerson, Dudley,
Ells, Forsyth, Grundy, Hayne, Hendricks, Hill,
Kane, King, Manaum, Marcy, Moore, Robinson,
Tazewell, Tipton, Troup, Tyler, and White. This
vote was given after the bonus of $200,000 per
annum, and was intended to be an addiiocal in-
demnity, over and above that sum, to the public
for the charter. Twenty-one Senators believed it
tobe right that the 'Bank shoald pay this price
for its charter; and now, can it be unreasonable
that the corporators in this fiscal bank, who re-
ceive a charter so much more valuable, and pay
nothing for it, fhouid be subjected to this small
compensation in the shape of reduced interest?
Mr. B. referred particularly and emphatically to
the praise worthy exertions of the Senators in
1832, to ob'.ain an adequate bonus, and a reduced
interest in addition to it; and amorg those most
zealous at that time for this justice to the public,
was the present President of the United States.
His recorded votes show his opinions; his speeches
show his zsal, aud especially his speech in favor
of the reduced interest, which has been preserved,
with the evident advantage of revision from the
Speaker, and is worthy of being read now.
Tne veto message of General Jackson contains
these wise, just and patriotic remarks in relation lo
the bonus:
"Every monopoly, and all exclusive privileges, aic framed
at the expense of the public, wnich ought to receive a falrequi-
vu'ent. The maitv millions which this act proposes to besuw
on the stockholders of the existing Bank, must com^ duectly
ormdiiectly out of the earnings ot th  American people It M
due to them, tl^relore, ll then- Government sells mono-
polies and exclusive privileges, that they should, a'
least, exact lor tliem as much as they are worth
in open market. 1 be val'ie ef the monopoly m this case may
be coirec.tly ascertained. The twenty-eight millions of stock
would piobably be atan advance of fifty per centum, and com-
mand m market at teast forty-two millions oi dollars, .-ubjeci
to the payment of the present bonus The (iresent value of the
monopoly, therefore, is seventeen millions of dollars; aud this
the act proposes to sell for three millions ol dollars, payable m
fifteen annual payments of $200,000 each/'
So spoke the patnut Jackson—'he man who
looked to the interest of the people, not to she in-
terest of corporations: the man who equally de-
spised the curses and the favors of money corpora-
tions, and wao had the sagacity to see Biddle's
Bank near ten years ago as every body sees it now.
He would not sacrifice the interests of the country
lo enrich a corporation. He disliked setting privi-
leges and monopolies, but he hated giving them
away still more; and, therefore, he would not sel',
for an under price.                                   . .  „    .
Mr. B having repeatedly asserted that this BanK
charter, which was to be given away as a gntutty,
was far more valuable than the renewed charter oí
1832 lor which a bonus of thiee millions was
unanimously given by the friends of the Bank:
having p.sseried this, he deemed it proper to dwell
upon a circumstance so extraordinary, 2nd to
justify his statement by the comparisons tnd de-
tails which the occasion required.
