8        ___________            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________August, 1841.
27th Cong.......1st 5ess.                                               Fiscal Bank—Mr. Payne.                                                                        H. of Reps,
irient—adisposit.ontoconeeal from them an ex.
posare of the enormities of the system of measures
n°w j** 'tate of legislative progression, and under
which 'tney are doomed to travail
\'¿dr. Dawson of Georgia inquired whether those
remarks were in order, especially as coming from
Alabama, where minorities had recently been
proscribed, by passing the general ticket law ]
Mr. Payne replied. Sir, upon what authority is
that mqniry made? What right has the gentleman
from Georgia to allude to the internal prlicy of
Alabama? Has he been invested with authority to
supervise her policy or her Representatives? No,
sir, and let me tell the gentleman, that proud and
patiiouc ¡Stale Would spurn and despise his in-
termeddling in her policy, as I do upon this
floor
[Mi. Chapman of Alabama Tell him to take
the "mote out his own eye "]
Mr. Paynb No, sir If there was a beam in
his eye, I could not expect ttie gentleman to re
move it; but witn the internal policy of Georgia I
have nothing to do.
"But, sir, to return. It will not do to say that
rule was adopted to expedí e the public business
No factious oppobition has been made to jour
measures by the minority. We have opposed them
zealously ard firmly, but not facliously Its ty-
ranny cannot be justified upon ihe assumed ground
that the p°ople object to, or are tired of, dis-
cussion Tired of what, su, of discussion? No
the American people oweevoiy thing to discus-
sion. It was the fervid eloquence of a Henry
which roused the spiiit of liberty, and set the Re-
lutionary ball in motion By discussion, this G >
vernment «as matured and established,by discus
sion, us symmetry and beauty was developed, and
H V> by fre , untramelled dtsi ussion that it can alone
be preserved. "Eternal vigilance is ihe price of
liberty." Silence debate here, and vigilance is lulled
into security Liberty receives her firs^ stab If this
proud Republic is ever subverted, it will be by
some tyrannical demagogue, who, m the name of
the people, will stifle debate upon tins floor
I now, sir, come to the question The bill be-
fore the c/mmutee ptoposes to incorporate a Na-
tional Bank—or, as it is called, a "Fiscal Bank of
the United S ate  "
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ser-
oeínt] it c)irecly underfoot by me, claim* the
constitut onal power 10 create this icporation,
from ihe history ot ibe country and ihe pievii us
action of Ibis Government
The Bank of N rlh Amuica, cieated by ihe
confederated Confess, is cited «s precedent in this
ca e Sir, die1 it not strike you as a little ano-
malous, that lot distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania should have quoted Ihe action cf
another and a different Government, to settle and
fix the constitutional power of his own? Suppose
the Articles of ConlederatK n had authorized the
then Congress to incorporate a bank, does it follow
necessarily, that this power was retained m the
new Government created by ih  Constitution of
the United States? Surely not, sir But did the Ar
tide  oí Coníederationaufhonz  Congress to mcor
p rats a bank, m point of tact? Chief Jus ice
Marshall tells us they did not In delivering the
opinion of the court, in the e<se of McCulloeh
¿gainst the S ate of Maryland, he ays "Under
the comederauon, Congress, justifying the measure
by lis necessity, transcended,perhaps, its powers, to
cbtam the advantages of a btnlc " And, sir, he
action ol that bank clrarly p'ovesthat the opinion
of Jud^e Marshall was not founded in error, for
notwithstanding tnat ba ik received i s char er from
the contederattd Congre «¡, it relinquished it, re-
ceived a charcr from the Legislature of Penosyl
vanta, and e/er ader contented iis«dt to act under
the authority of that bod/ No mot ye undtr
h aven could have induced the i-amr. t> relmqui h
the advantages oí a national charter, out the eon-
v etion that the power 10 create it did not exist in
Congiess. Here, then, we have piecedcnt plead
upon us, arising under a different Government,
said not <o be constitutional by the Supreme Judge
of th« United S ates, and admitted by its own ac-
tion not to be so If, sir, the action of this Go-
vernment is to be set'led by such precedent, I know
of no question, however absurd, that may not be
settled in the >mne way, and the universal argu-
ment upon all qje tions may be, the question is
closed
What sir was the next position, so far as prece-
dent is concerned, taken by the gentlemen from
Penns-vlva'ia, and fortified by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. ¡Stuart ] The firit Congress
which assembled under the new Constitution, in-
corporated a bask, 13, out of 19 numbers of the
Conven ion voted for it, and Gen Washington
signed the bill, and therefore it must be constitu-
tional.
This sir, is begging the question, tor do I th'nk
it valiant in the champions of the bank to shelter
themselves under the wing of General Washing-
ton. Ifgentlemen were fortified with argument,
they would rely upon that, and not upon the ac-
tion of General Washington or of the 13 mem-
bers rf the Convention, who assisted others in
framing the Constitution But I do not regret
that they have done so, because it affords me an
opportunity of stating a fact to the American
people, not usually known to them It is this
General Washington never did sign a bank charter.
Nor did any portion of the Convention which
framed the Constituyo i, vote for the bill, under the
Constitution as tí now is To tms fact I call the atten-
tion of the American peop e By re erence to the
House journal of the 1st session, of the 1st Ci n-
gress page 391, it will be seen that on the 25th of
February 1791, General Washington signed the
b 11 to incorporate the first Bank of the United
States
By reference to the Federalist, page 402, it will
be seen, that on ihe 15 h day of December, 1791,
the following amendment vas ratified by the con-
stitutional number of States and became a part of
the Constitution of the United States, to wit "1 he
power  not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to ihe States respectively,or to the people "
10th amendment it of the C nstitution
Now this amendment was adopted, and became
a part of the Constitution, just nine months and
twenty days after General Washington had signed
the bill to incorporate the Bank
The Constitution as it came from the hands of
the Convention, contained several general phrase ,
fiom which it was believed implied powers could
be exercised, and it was under this aspect of the
cave, that ihe first Bank charter was established,
but when the enth amendment became a part of
the Constitution, it laced up the action of the Go-
vernment to the exercise of her delegated powers,
and tho«e which were strictly "incidental" to their
execution
N w, sir, what goes with this prec-dent' It falls
to the ground, as I believe all will, if fully ex-
amined.
The gentlemen in the ardor ef ther zeal, to rake
up authority to junify the exercise of this assumed
power to cre?te corporations, have claimed Mr
Jt fferson aHo Upon what ground is tins hope pre-
dicated? We are told that Mr Jefferson signed a
bill m 1804, authoriz ng the es ablishment of a
branch cf ih- Bink of the United Sates in the
Ttrntory of Louisiana Well, sir, this is t ue,
but it does not prove tha Mr J fferson had waived
his constitutional objections to a B ink, his objec-
ión was a want of constitutional power in the
Go/ rnment to create corporations The bill h
signe 1 was nota chartei, hence the question of
power to croa e corporations did not come up
The to ritory of the United States is subject to her
law*, h< nee the Bank de med it prudnt to ask
permission to locate an office of di count and de
posi'e m «aid Territory Congas;; gaVe the autho
rity, and Mr Js¡ffe>-snn sanctioned it
To show tnat Mr Jeffu on was decidedly op
posed to the locatiou of this vpry branch Bank, I
call the attention of the committee to the rear1 ng
of an extract from a letter, written by Mr Jefferson
to Mr Gallatin, dated D cember 13, 1803
' From a passage in the lettei of the president, [of the Bank ]
I observe an idea of establish ng a blanch Bank of the united
States in New Orleans This institution is 01 e of the most
deadly hostility exiting aeainst the punciples and forms of our
Constitution        •        Ought we then to give furthei giowth
to an institution so powerful, so hostile!   *    *        Now, while
we are strong it is the greatest duty we owe to the safety of our
Constitution to bring thib powerful enemy to a peifect suboidi
nation under its authoaty "—Jefferson s WoiU,p 12 vol i
Here, sir, is the moot conclusive proof that Mr.
Jefferson was decidedly opposed to the loc-mon of
this very branch in New Orleans- and that, so far
from his having waived bis constitutional objections
to a Bank, he reaffirms them, in connection w th
this very subject
I may be asked why Mr Jefferson did not veto
that bill? I ansv er, became it did not come w tnm
the role pre cribed for the goternment of binseh
in the exercise of ihat power üy lefere cc to his
Ana, page 527, he says
' Thepegative of the Pieeident is the shield provi ed by the
Constitution to protect against the invasion  of ti e t egsJatute
—1st The lights of the Executive, 2d Of the Judicial), 3J
The State  and State Legislatures '
N iw, ti is act, simply authoriz ng the loca ion of
a b'anch Bank in New Oi leans, hen a Territory of
the United States does not encropch upon any ore
of these right, and he could not, therefore, exercise
the veto piwei, without a departure from the ru'e
established for his own government
Mr Chairman, ihat distinguished man devoted a
lorg life to the promotion of civil and religious
freedom. He won for himself the proud title oí the
"Apostle of Liberty." A strict constiuction of the
Constitu'ion is the basis upon which his political
reputation re«t? C nvict hi'* of that lautudmoua
construction of the Constitution, by which alone a
Bank can be established, and you remove that ba-
sis, and rudely tear the chaplet trcm his bruw,
dearevt to his friends In truth, mere ¡s pot die
slight  t cause for the imputation, and the gentle-
man mii't seek elsewhere for precedent
Having disposed of the preceden! q toted oy tne
gentleman froai Pennsylvania, and the g nt'eni n
from Virpmia, I now come to the mam que^ti^n.
Has this Government the constitutional ri^ht to
incorporate a Bank?   Sir, I think not
This is a Government of enumerated powers.,
and can only exercise such as have been g ant  1
In confirmation of this posi irn, I a*k to íe  1 the
speech of Mr. Clay of Kentucky, de ivered m
1811, and I ask that it be received .is a part ot
my argument. "This power to mcoiooiatc: a Ba k
cannot be found among the delegated powers.
This vagrant power to erec' a Bank, af er having
wandered throughout the whole Consti ution m
quest of some congenial spot to f'sten upon has
been at length loca'ed by the gentleman friiu
Georgia on that provision which authorize Con-
gress to lay and collect tax^s-, &c. In 1791, he
power is refused to one part of the ínstrumen , 11
1811, to another, sometimes it is aheged to be de-
duublefrom the power to regula e commerce, bard
pressed here, it disappears, and shows Uself m der
the grant to torn money The sagacious Secie-
tary of the Treasury in 1791 pursued the wi«est
course—he has taken shelter behind general high
sounding and imposing terras. Wnat i the Liture
of this Government' It is emphatically Federal,
vested with an aggregate of spec fied pow rs for
general rurpeses, conceded by creeling sovereign-
t es, who have themcelves retained wha' is not so
coneeued It is said there ate cases in which it
must act on implied powers Tbi*- is not contro
verted, but the lonhcation must be necessat, ind
obviously flow from the enumerated pirfe- vith,
which it is tl'ieó" The power to char er erirjpa
nies v not specified in the grant, and í c ntciii is
of a nature not transfeMlde b" meie i ,1 option,
it is one of the *rjst e e'<tted attiibutss o ove-
reignty In the etercise of this L.igintic f we ,
we hjve seen an East India Gomp«ry eieattd,
which has carried oi may, desolation, a d dealt ,
throughout one ot ihe largest poi ions ot tre habi-
table world a company v.h ch is in it efa ove-
reignty—which has subverted euriiies a-'d set up
new dynasties—and has no' oi ly made v at, jut
war against its legitimate sovereign U.ider the
influence of this po ver, v e have seen arise a bouth
Sea Company, anda Miss^sippi Cimpany, tb.it
convulsed and distrae ed all Europe, and neaaced
a total overthrow of all credit and confidence, and
universal b^nuruptcy L. it to be imagined tbat a
power so vast, would have been left by the Wis-
dom of the Constitution to doubtful inference 2
"In all cases where incidental powers aie acted
upoji, the principal and incidental ougnt to oe
j   congenial   with  each other,   and pat take of a
