August, 1841.             ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________________219
27rH Cong--..1st Sess.                                   Fortification Bill—Mr. Benton.                                                           Senate.
site, and there is a majority for no one.   Thus it
h¿s been, and thus it will be again if we attempt
to fix it here.   This amendment avoids that diffi-
culty, and leaves the selection to the President, who
having no local feelings, can only be governed by
the public considerations which ought to apply to it.
The report, however, very properly laoks <o the
Mississippi river, and to the eventual centre of po-
pulation in the valley of that great stream.    It
looks forward to the place where the national armo-
ry of the West should be fifty, an hundred, five hun-
dred, and a thousand years hence, when that great
valley shall be redundant wnh people from the Lake
of   the   Woods   to   the   Gulf   of  Mexico,  and
from the western base of the Allegany 10 the east-
ern base oi the Rocky mountain*   This is a proper
point of view under wmch to look at such an es-
tablishment, and under that giand and na'ional
vie*, the secuon oí   the Mississippi river between
the mouihs of the Orno and Missouri, is the un-
doubted spot for it, pointed out by the hand oi n-iture
heiself,  incapable of being mistaken, and invmng
the Government ¡o come on with its establishment.
If to be worked by  *teatn power,  magnificent  po-
sitions can be found on the immediate banks of the
Father of Floods; it by water power, then the Morn-
mack, the Gasconade, and the O^age, present the r
superb positions, and, in either event, every subor-
dinate and incidental advantage is secured,  proxi
mity to iron, coal, wood, in the cen're of provisions
and supplies of every kind, in the centre ot that vast
inland ntvigation of the West, which presents the |
grand to al of fifty thousand miles of navigable or
beatable waters all converging to one canal, and
of which twenty thousand miles are below the city
of S . Louis, and thirty thousand above.   To this
centre of territory, of papulation, of navigation,
and with all the advan ages ot every supply—pro-
visions, raw  material*, workmen—the armory of
the West would go ofiUelf if it only had powers oí
volition and motion
This extrad also presents another view of the
greatest importance in deciding thi  question. It
is the astonishingly large proportion ot raw ma'e
rials, which are worked up in order to produce a
given amount ot finished arms. The chief, and
indeed the almost only material used in the manu-
facture of arms is wood and iron; and of these it
requires twentj-two to one, that is to say, twenty-
t o tons weight of wood and iron are required
to produce one toti weight of finished muskets
This makes an enormous consumption of those
two items, and is it not absurd that the Great
West, abounding in wood and iron, should be de-
pendent on Massachusetts and the lower part of
Virginia for the use of this material1 In a mere
moneyed point of view, it is a great injury and in-
justice to the West. Near twelve millions of dol-
lars have been expended on armories and arsenib
this expenditure is to be gieater m time to come,
and to increase foiever with the increasing p^pu-
lation'of the Union, and is it to be supposed lhat the
Great"West will be sitisfi-d—that she ought to be
satisfied—with seeing all this expenditure continue
to go into remote sections of the Union to sapply
her with whit she has in far greater abundance at
home]                                                                 ,
Mr. B ihen read an extract from another re-
port to show the necessity of an additional arsenal
in order to k ep up the national supply of the
arms required. He said thcte were bu' two ar-
mories m the Union their capac-ty of production
was only twelve thousand per annum—making
twenty four thousand—while the annual increa e
of the popalation was at the rate oi more than
three per cent, or upwards of thirty thousand to
the million The militia oí the Union might now
be two millions, m 1850 it would be near three
million.. Vast was the supply ot arms which
they would requite An ARMED and EDU-
CATED population was the SAFETY and the
GLORY ot a Republic: and the arms were equally
necessary in peace and war—in peace to protect
th-ir liberties—in war to repel their enemies The
consumption of arms is great, they consume
everyday from rust, neglect, and misuse: m war
they perish far taster than mea. The late w^r
with Great Britain cost us above 200,000
muskets, and we should have been miserably de-
ficient in arms if it continued another yea- At
this time we may not have above 300,000
stand of arms fit for use ' Not more than the one-
thnd part which a war with an European power
would require us to possess.
Mr B. then read ths extract which  sustained
these viatvs.   it was in these words-
"Tn reference to the expediency or inexpediency of establish
ing an additional armory, it may be proper to state that mus
kels belonging to the United States at the commencement of the
late war have been estimate t at upwatds of 200 000 stands
and that the number of muskets manufactured duung the war
was about 60,000 At the el se of the year 1614 scarcely 20,000
stands remained in the aisenals, and gieat efforts were made to
piocuie an additional supply Hadtltewat continued another
yeai, the deficiency ot arms would have occasioned the most
f mbairussliigc iisequences Iioin this statement it appeirs
that at leisi ¿400110 muskeLs were expended during the late
war, a quantity nearly approaching the uumbei now on hand,
as stated in a lormer paitof this lepott r/hu^ it is seen that
nearly eight years of peace have been leqmred to make
good losses occasioned by a war of less than thiee yeais' du
ration "
Mr. B. said he had now made good his main
position—aamelv—lhat the piMw geod required the
eslabhsnment  of an  additional armory,  and that it
should be m the West      This being established, we
come to the obj cttons  which  are started against
it     What are the3c?    We have  them from  the
Senator from Kentucky (Mr Clay) who points to
the Trtasury, and alleges its low condition as the
obstacle to the smal1 appropriation on which thi.
gnat work is to be commenced     Low condition ot
the Treasury1     Sir,  what condition ot the Trea-
sury, h gb. or low, will permit this Teat Western
object to  be aecoHipli&hwfi   In 1836, as  I have
already said, we had a  sUrpluu oí    orly millions,
and the appropriation for this armory was then
rejected—rejected by the votes of the party now in
power   For twentv-five years it has been constant-
ly rejected, or baffled.    No condition of ihe Trea-
sury, lull or empty—no state of the country, war
or peace—has permitted this justice to  be done
to the   West      But   how   stands   the   question
with the Treasury  nos'     Is it full, or  empty'
We   left  twenty one    millions   of  money   and
means   in  it   when   we   gave   up   the reins of
Government on the 4th dty of March last   A loan
bill for twelve millions has just passed the two
Houses at this extra session, a tax bill  to raise
twelve millions more bj laxes on the necessirtes of
life, is now on its passage, and a bill to five away
the land revenue is also on its passage.    Does this
indicate a low state of the Tieasury?    Doe, this
present a sta'e of the finances which renders it im-
possible to spare $75,000 for an object oí national
importance m the Wesi1 This twelve millions bor-
rowed is ad bt upon the West, as well as upon ihe
East, the West will have to pay Us share of it, hut
no part of it is to be expended for ihe West    The
twelve million   tax bill   is  eminently a  tax on
the West     It is a bill to tax the necessaries of life,
n iw free, and to keep up the tax en other articles
now taxed     It revives th= coffee lax and ihe tea
tax.     It  tales  tea—the wine oí  old ladies, and
the   m Ik   of   the   working   population   of    the
cite   and   faetones—and is   jus  as tyrannical
and wanton a  tax now as it was  when it pro-
duced the warof the Revolution   This bill keeps up
the tax on salt, and all the nec^saiies «nd comforts
of life which come from abroad   I' excen s nothing
but the articles used  by ceriain classy which are
near enough to thi -eat of G >verimentto h ar of the
bill, and to write nere, ana have their favorites ex-
empted    This they do every daj, while the farm-
ers at a distance hardly know that we are engaged
upon a tix bill of tne  most universal  application
and wan$n nature, and fird it  impossible to re-
monstiate against it.    Tnis tax bill will fall with
great  weight  upon the  West, it falls  upon salt,
coffee, tea, blankets, woo lens, and a vast number
of articles of comfort, or necessity     It is oilculat
td to rats? some ten or twelve millions for the Go
vernment, but will  lay  a burthen of eighteen or
twenty upon  the people.    A full, and more iban
due proportion ot this burthen w 11  fall  upon  the
West, yet they  are not to be permi'ted to havt
a   smalt   fraction  of it expended  among   them-
selves for a national object of general and pub-
lie utility'    Then the land bill    that proposes
to   give   away   three   millions  of   annual   re-
venue, the whole of which is raised m the West,
and yet it must be giver, away, and   then the
low state of the Treasury is to be placed as a bar
to our demand. If the Treasury is low, why
make it lower, by giving away this sum? And to
whom is it given? Nominally to the States! m
reality to the London bankers, who have fixed
their eyes on our national domain, and sent their
two lobby members here to attend this extra ses-
sion, and to attend to their interests. Listen to the
voice of these bankers t I read 50U from the last
London Globe—London, not Washington- brought
over by the last steam packet, and which shows
yoa lhat ihese London capitalists have their eyes
hxed upan this land bill, and are impatient for its
passage.   Listen to it:
"We are glad to learn that the Great Western steamer has
brought o,ver from America remittances for the payment of the
half yeat's interest on Illinois stock, due the 1st instant, and
promises xr* made that by the next 01 following packet we
shall receive money for the dividends on Indiana bonds—thus
lervmgonly the Mississippi stock m airear Howevei, zfOon-
g ? ess shouldpass the lawfoi dtsti ibuting ttieproceeds of pub
lie lands avwag^tthe different Slates uf America, this will
supply them with means to meet their engagements for
some time to come "
Yes, this is their language The land revenue
is the rs They must have it It will last them
"some tine" When it gives out, the customs
must make up ihe deficiency. And thus the poor
West must see us money go to England to be used
against America, while no part of its own money
is allowed to be expended for its own benefit, and
tor its necessary defence against these British ana
their allies.
Sit, 1 is idle to talk of the low state of the Trea-
sury We are filling it up—filling it to overflowing
with the product of loans and taxes, and we are
lavishing millions on othor objects Here is a
home sqnalron voted, and some millions for
icrtifications-, and many millions for other purposee.
Even the amount that we ask for this great na-
tional object is proposed to be squandered, at this
moment, on the exits and entrances of ministers
—on a change o* diplomatic agenls—one of
those "cftom^es" for which the people were taught
to cry at the last election. Mr. Webster now
demands #72,800 for a change ot minister , and
Mr Tyler  endorses the demand, and the money
wdl be voted without defalcation or delay. Ltsten
to it.
aTo the House of Repressnlatives
I tiansmit herewith to Congress a communication ft oni the
Secre iryofStateou thesubject of appiopnations requiredfor
theountsand salaries ot the diplomatic agents oí the United
States                                                     JOHN TYLiSB
W vshinotom, July 27, 1811  '
"DEPARrajEWT of State,
Washington, July ¿6,1841
Sir I have the honor to s ate that, in consequence of ap-
pointments made and contemplated of diplomatic agents of the
Unite 1 states appropriations will be required for the objects
herein stated and to ieque-t that the usual communication may
be made to Congiess
I «i ouifiis of mimstets to Russia Spam, Mexico, and Brazil,
and of Charges d Atlaires to Portugal, Denmark, bardmia,
Naples Chili and T \as, si "¡ty three thousand dollars   863,000
Toi   a ai ¡es of in nisteiH to S^diu arid Bia/il foi the re
sidue ol the current year                            -               8,000
Tul    alanés of the secretaries of legation to the sanie
places                                                                     1,8*0
1 liavethe honor Ube sn,
Your ooethent seivam,
DWIEL WEBSTER"
T le Presided
Here, saul ¡Vi'. B i-, economy and patriotism.
Here is cnaige—tne real caange which was in-
tended by all the cr es of change, which resounded
through tne countiv during 'he last summer—a
change 01 me 1, ot officers, of diplomatic agents,
callt ig m Democratic ministers, and sending out
Federalists and Abolitionist": 1 And thi-is the true
cause—ore of the true causes—of ih s called ses-
s.t p, ami tneoe extraordinary bills for loans and
taxes They are n-cessary to a strc ng and splen-
did Government, and that is the kind of Govern-
ment which the Federalist  want, and mean to
have. Loan«, taxes, and banks, are to them the
Government—both the enjoyment of Government,
End the preservation of Government—and hence
the twelve millions loan bill, the twelve millions
lax bill, and the thirty millions Bank bill, which
we aiready have before us. Make the Government
strong, and it will take care of itself, that is Fede-
ralism' that is the key which unlocks the Federal
policy' And with lhat key the people may unlock
the door which will give them an uaside view of
all the workings of thi  session ol Congress, and of
the secret reasons for calling it.
