July, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________________Ml
í7th CoiíG"«>1st Sess.                                         Fortification Bill—Mr.  Sleenrod.                                                                   H. of Reps.
profound peace, to be eating o,nt the substance of
the people; and the high authority of Mr. Jefferson,
and that of his co-patriots, were summoned to sus-
tain gentlemen in their position.    At that period,
with an overflowing Treasury and abundant re-
sources, these were the arguments which defeated
this proposition; and all appropriations were staved
off to feed this cormorant distri Sution. But a change
has now come over us—a new spirit has entered into
us.   After this Government has deposited its sur-
plus revenue wiih   the States—after   you  have
distributed the proceeds of the land revenue among
the States, and you have funded a national debt,
and passed a loan bill for $12,000,000—what more
do you propose to do?    Make the past average an
ordinary appropriation? To observe economy? And
to limit your expenditures by your means?   No,
sir, no! The entire appropriations for fortifications,
dur ng the administrations of Mr. Van Buren and
General Jackson,  were $9,150 523 90.     In  the
month of June last, the War Department hid at its
control an unexpended balance of $784,000—near-
ly the average annual expenditures of the Depart-
ment for this branch of the pub ic service for the
last twelve yew; an amount, as acknowledged by
the Secretaty of War, which cannot be expanded
before the next annual session of Congress.    But,
by the* biK now before us, it is proposed to make
the additional appropriation of $1,019,000, and
which is not to be expended during the present year.
No; my colleague, [Mr. Wise,] who is always the
first here to scent out any coscealed mischief, and
to ferret cut danger to the public interest, in all its
lurking and hiding-places, has shown that this ap-
propriation was intended to be for the coming year.
Is this so? It is here avowed and undisputed. Then,
sir, I pronounce this one of the most dangerous
proposiiions that I have heard submitted during
this extraordinary session. I pronounce it not only a
most insie'ious attack on the pan usages of the couu-
try, but on popular liberty.  Iiisnot only against the
principles of lib* rty (as understood even in England)
to vote supplies beyond the current year,  but our
revolutionary fathers have incorporated the prin-
ciple in the organic law of-the land—in the Con-
stitution.    In a time of war,   we are  pro! ib.led
from voting supplies to even the army for more
than two years.     But now, in a time of profound
peace, at a short session, when our legislation must
be speedy, when it might be supposed that we had
met here for extraordinary purposes—we are call-
ed on to vote an additional appropriation of $1,-
019,000 for the War Department ior the ensuing
\ear, not now required for expenditure.
The officers oi this Government depend upon the
representatives of the people for the supplies that
are necessary to enable them 10 carry on the Go-
vernment. This ii one of the checks imposed on
them by the Constitutor, to keep them reminded
of their dependence upon the people, and to main-
tain popular supremacy. To vote supplies be-
yond what is icquired for this, is dasqerous to the
pub'ie interests. It may be expended in enlarging
the patronage of the Department, in the perpetua-
tion of power, and the subversion of liberty. It
becomes us, then, as faithful representatives, to ob-
serve this frame-work of our common liberties,
and to repel all threatened encroachments upon it
by unwise suggestions or hasty legislation. Then,
if thee were no other reasons, ¡his, with me,would
be sufficient to justify my vote against the bill—the
means are not required for the ■present year. Bat,
sir, we are inarmed by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the Treasury is now cmp.y. ^Tne
means, then, to meet 'his appropriate-! (if :t
should be made) must be ei'ht-r by aduUenal
taxation on the people, or by the employment
of the credit of ¡he Government by a loan. lam
therefore Uúw'lling, sir, to vote now for any appro-
pr.ation that is not indispensable for the public in-
terest, when the means are (has to be turnisbed. i
am unwilling now to eive any vote (hat may re-
quire an increase of the taxes of the people, at
this time of reputed penury, want, and embarrass-
ment when the whole community are -aid to be
suffering under the chastisement of the times.
Humanity and propriety seem to require that we
should forbear to add further burdens upon the
community.    To borrow money is, I conceive,
but increasing the evil.    I have been taught to be-
lieve that the power conferred on this Government
to borrow money is one of i-s great and most dan-
gerous powers—a power grea'cr, and even more to
be dieaded, lhan the po^or lo rais.e praiies.    By
the abuse of one, ¡he iibersies of the country may
be overthrown, and power transferred  and lodged
in the hands of some Cwsar, Cromwell, or Bona-
parte   But, from this adversity an enslaved peo-
ple may still look forward  to "to-morrow, and to-
morrow, and to-morrow," with a hope of their
polit'cal redempiion.    But, in the abusive exercise
of the other power—the power to borrow money—
when the earnings of industry and the property of
the property-holder are mortgaged to the money-
changers by funded debt—o hen a nation is brought
to the verge of bankruptcy by Us indebtedness, and
lo ihe servitude that must ever exist between the
boirower and  ¡he lender—then there is no hope,
from   this drain and continued  taxation,  on  in-
dustry and property, but the surrender of the pro-
prietorship of property, and   (He life'ess prostra-
tion   and  exhaustion   of  labor.    I would,  then,
avoid the funding of a national  debts.--  a national
curse.    I will give novo'e that will lend to fix this
cur e on my country.    I-. U that  medicine of the
Constitution which I woul.i  resort to  only in the
most extreme case—at a time of war, when the ci-
tizen was in the camp and ihefield.not able to meet
the exigency of the country, to bear and pay the
taxes then imposed upon h>m     In a time of peace,
I    would rather  appropriate   Ihe  property of the
Government to liquidate any demands upon it, or
to increase ¡he revenue to  meet the wants of the
public service, or to retrench and reduce the ex-
penditures to the condition of the Treasury.    But,
sir, I wish to avoid further Isgisli'.ion at this extra
session.    I am one of that streat numb-r of people
who have felt the most snxiO'is rolicitude foi"  th?
c.un'ry, i:í intciesis  at,d  m-.i-.ti.tions, ever s;nce
the annunciation of this   txtraord'ttary  Congress.
When 1 heard the first whisper of it here, I felt an
instinctive admonition that it would be  most un-
wise; and when I heard it discussed in this hall at
the last session of Congress, I thought it had fallen
under the opposition which it here encountered.
When my colleague [Mr. Wise] closed his   ever-
memorable speech against this measure, I  thought
that   the   country   owed   him   much, for having
arrayed his  high  character and great  talents on
the side of his country against   this   (««asure   of
his pasty.    I th n ¡hought that the parly, in whose
toils and dangcis he had borne himse t   si coBs'pi
cuon-ly—tt"?.'  party   for   wo=p  su-ceits he  had
done  so   much,   tnadc   so  many   user fi-e?,   and
sncointered >o  many pert1"—would have respect-
ed his  suggestions, and yielded to  ihe   arguments
that he opposed to this measure.    But, sir,   ?n   tin's
I was disappointed, and Ihecruntry was disappoint-
ed.    When it was announced that the  lite   Presi-
dent had i-su'd his proclamation Oidenog this ex-
tra session, it excited a deep feeling' th-opghout th?
entire country—a feeling of hope and i a,; cf hope,
that it might benefit the country; of fear, that fur-
ther legislation would be but tinkering with the de-
licate condition of the  people, and peril the great
principles on which our Government rests, at a
time-o oovel and íitigolar m the ri.lory  of the
country.
The late P/esiderttinl election h"\ excited the
public m¡nd to an exicnt that had no parallel in
ihe history oí the e-.a-.i.ry. Though, .is. Í behev-',
President Van Baron's ."dinim-naii'in was most
faithful, hone*!, pnd ptrolif—- rt Admin.-tranon
foutdid mi ihe aeknoVh foment of ¡he rights oí -be
peop e, fe S'a'-'s, and .hi F.-cer:¡! Geveí..i;:er.r, üí
piovided íorin ib-; Constiiu íoj; s ¡1!, lo this Ad-
nr'riistration. th-re stood a'raytdan Opposition With
n^decla's'ion or publication of principles; tut, un-
der the v/atchwrrd of "clr-v-ge," at.-t the broad
b-nner of "reform," they enhsed and marshalled
their forces. w."i,h ibis is-uo, ihe p-vplc, i,i ihe
plenitude of their authoiity, and in th° i-xerci-e
of ¡heir constitutional ngh', chanted the Admi-
nistration of the Government, ¡>nd returned, a:
the;r late elections, members of this H-u«; that
reversed here the past piny major,lies. In i^s thnn
one month after trie accession of ihe late President
__¡ess ¡han three months since the last session of
Congress, and tut little more than six months be-
fore the regular annual session—this ex'raordinary
session is ordered. What emergency has imposed
this necessity upon us and the country? Is it re-
quired by the exigencies of the Government? 00
the lew and simple interests intrusted to us by the
Constitution, reqiure the immediat  interposition.of
legislation? No; the few internal interests,  nd the
external relations of the Government, mtiusied to
our care, have been heretofore guarded and pro-
vided for until the annual meeting of Congress.
Our commerce, under the guidance of our enter-
prising citizen-:, and with the protection of the stars
and stripes, is respected on every sea and in every
port wherever it has gone. No foreign enemy
lurbs in our border, threatening to disturb our do-
mestic tranquillity; but we are at peace, and on
terms oí friendship, with all nations.' The appro-
priations deemed necessary for the support of. the
Government and its interest s-ere made by the re-
pretfentstivds of ihe people at the last Congtess; and
the revenues of the Government were put at the
control of the proter officers, under the direction
and custody of law'to meet them. The deficiency
in thj Treasury to meet the appropriations, so pom-
pously paraded forth in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, has been shown in the other end of
the Capitol, (by Mr. Woodbury, the laie able and
efficient Secretary of that Department,) to be a
cheat and imposition.
[Here the Chairman called Mr. Steenrod to
order, and said it was not in order to refer ts the
debate in the other end of the Capitol.]
Then, sir, if ihcre was that deficiency in the
Treasury to meet the appropriations, it does not
wan ant this ex'ra session. Under the Consiituiion,
it is for Congress to judge of the extent of the ap-
propriations that shall be made, and not the Exe-
cutive. Then, why is ¡his extra session? Why
dtf uise ii!
We are about to cut this Government loose from
its constitutional moorings—to enlarge its powers
beyond  its  past  prescribed  and  acknowledged
limits; to commence the exercise of doubtful and
dangerous powers; to venture on in the rapid ca-
reer of innovation, until the entire past policy of the
Government is revolutionized; to fritter away the
Stale Governments into one consolidated empire;
and to heatse the Cons'itution in what is deemed
legislative policy.   It is painful to entertain  these
portentous apprehensions;   but the legislation of
this session, and the bills tnat yet linger in the
coc;mtttet-rooms in ¡heir transit to this House, ex-
cite an-! warrant tl em.    You ha#passed through
this Hcu:e a  bill distributing  a-noug th?   States
the pioeeeds of the sales of tl-te public lands, and
thus pemonmr-, as depet danls, the  Stales on the
Federal Government.    You have funded  (he debt
of #13 000,000, to be a tax on national industry,
and thus to bring the Government into servitude to
foroifn  eapiulists; a"d  >ou  have a revenue bill
now on  vóur >aMe, to increase the   taxes of the
peofle, r-aucred ncccs-sary by   this unwise  legis-
lation.    You -¿:e about to institute a privileged
order, entienched behind a Bank charter, wiih the
power to  levy a contribution on the trade, labor,
and proper,)' of   th..- citizen.    You are about to
place the  revenue  of the Government—the (8XfS
paid by the  people for  the support of their Go-
vernment—at the us-   and contiol of agents un-
known to the Constitution.    Mcasutes so impor-
tant, which  aüect net only the  interests of every
man but ¡e-K'h me heart of our enure system of
Government-—'hat may, peihaps, remodel it, and
i:r,idn io it oiher features and another destiny—
are'to "w  spceoiiy legislated  on at this short ses-
stor-; whert,*under doe rulesyoa have here apopied,
the  ree Ion: of debato ¡s  limited; when two oí the
Sirles of tn.s TJaicti ire  not represented, at the
heel of 'he líM apportionment, and the representa-
non on this floor dees not bear a full and just pro-
po:i-on to popular numbers; when a President, by
th-  certlhif his  pred'.ceisor,  has  been sjddeuly
at.f unexpectedly cabed to presideovei the Repub-
lic, be^-re l-e has had htn" to  ex*mme these great
qtii sioos, an 1 their probable effect  on the country
aro! Ai .T.stitu'i His—questions devolving «.pon him
and tí* such great ie?ponsibi.ity, are  now to be
hastily, rashly, ?nd perhaps finally acted upon 
i
