¿Sé _______________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-______________August, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.                                           Public Lands—Mr. Benton.                                                                         Senate.
cretary of the Treasury estimated that the expendí- |
tures of the present year should not exceed twenty
millions. Thece data would give an average
expenditure of about $5,000,050 per quarter, to
which, if the piesent Secretary should adhere, he
would have m the Treasury on the 1st of Septem-
ber a surplus of $900,305, instead of a deficit of
$5,251,388. But it is obvious, from his report,
that it is not his intention to be governed either by
precedent or by the estimate of his immediate pre-
decessor, as his own estimate of expenditures from
the 4th of March to the end of the year is $26-
731,336— equal to about eight millions per quar
ter; and for the three months commencing on the
1st of June and ending on the 31st of August, he
proposes to exceed his own average more than
three millions of dollars, which, at the same rate
for a year, would make the expenditures exceed
$44,000,000. Is there any thing in the relations
- of ihe country, or in the necessities of the public
service, to require such an expenditure? If there
be, the information has not been communicated to
Congress.
But it is apparent that this estimated deficit on
the 1st of September is not expected to be produced
by existing appropriations, but m part by new one
asked by this Administration, and also by a reduc
tion of the receipts from customs and from lands,
during those three  months, below ihe average of
the Secretary's own reduced estimates for the year,
amounting to $650,000
Then if, from the Secretary's estima-
ted deficit on th' 1st of  September,
amounting to                   -           -   $5,251,388
We deduct the   new appropriations
asked by the War De-
partment           -           -   $2,521336
For lakit g the census       -       294,000
For defraying expenses of
extra session        -      -       350,000
---------------3,165 336
This deficit ik reduced to       -       -       2,086 052
Deduct also debt received from the
Bank of the United State, which
was not brought into the receipts
for the month of March   -           -      $619,136
Deduct Treasury notes charged as an
expenditure prior to the 4th of
March, but not redeemed until af-
terwards   -           -           -           -        500,000
Deduct the probable additionil receipts
from cuitoms and lands in ihose
three month", as per hi>- own esti-
mates for the) ear             -           -        650,000
Deduct, also, amount of money in the
mints        ....        215,000
Amounting to    -           -           -    $1984,13b
Which sum deducted from the above
deficit would leave  the amount  to
be provided for on the 1st of Sep-
tember     ....      $101,916
mstead of $5,251,388, as slated by the Secretary,
a deficit which can only be cieated by expending-
m ihrte months consid rably more than one-half
the amount of the new and permanent appropria-
tions frr the current service of 1841, and wh ch, I
repeat, would, at ihe same rate for a year, cause
the expenditures for the>earto exceed forty-four
millions ot dollars
I have now, Mi Chairman, but one minute lef
to express my regret that 1 cannot, in c nnection
with subject, present to the commit ee my views ot
those still more disastrous measures with which it
is to be followed—Bank, tariff, distribution, and
Abolition in reserve. "Must the earth quake ' be-
fore the people can be aroused?
SPEECH OF MrTbENTON,
Or MISSOURI
In   Senate, Jlugutt 20,   1841 —On   the  motion of
Mr    Smith of   Indiana  to include  the Tern
tones in the list of distributees
Mr SMITH of Indiana moved to amend ihe
second section so as to place the Tern ones now
organized, or to be organized  hereafter, on the
same footing as the District of Columbia with re-
gard to the general distribution, but leaving out
the ten per centum on the amount of sales within
thsir own limits His object, he stated, was to
place both the District and the Territories on the
iame footing with the States in the general distri-
bution, so that the question might be taken whether
the District and the Territories shall be left in or
stricken out
Mr BENTON rose the instant Mr. Smith con-
cluded his remarks, and exclaimed, That is our
thundei' It belongs to us! We made it, and the
gentleman must not attempt to take it away! They
made their bill without regard to the Territories—
put in the District of Columbia, which has no pub-
lic land, and pays nothing to the Treasury—and
¡eft out the three Territories, consisting of hardly
any thing but public land, and from which large
amounts have come into the Treasury, and greater
are yet to come When the bill came before us
in this iniquitous and abominable form, we,
the DEMOCRACY, opened our batteries upon
it' We thundered at the bill. We exposed
the monstrosity of it with *uch force and pow-
er that Federalism was evidently alarmed, and
although they voted down our propositions to do
justice to the Territories, }et it was very evi-
dent that they could not venture to persevera
in the absurd injustice with which they sat
out. They heard out thunder- they felt it- and
thay cjuld not wait for the reverberation of the
sound from the forests of Florida, Wisconsin, and
Iowa. The echo would be fatal to Federalism, so
they have besan to catch up our thunder, and hurl
It about for their own They are now going to
take up our motion —the same which they rejected
—and bring forward propositions to do justice to
the Territories—to include them among the dis-
tributees—and te put them on an equality with the
District of Columbia' This is what they propose
But our motions went far beyond the District of
Columbia, and tended to put them on an equality
with the new States, because, like the new States,
they contained public land, and wete paying mo-
ney for land into the public Treasury We made
three motions, each of which was rejected, and
we gave notice each time that we should renew
them again. I made the motion to grant to the
Territories the ten per centum on the amount of
the sales wiihin their own limits which is allowed
to the new State , and showed that the reason for
the grant was the same in both cases my
motion was voted down, and the journals
will show by whom' The Senator from Illi-
nois who sits on my left [Mr McRoberts]
made the motion to include the«e Terntone- in the
general distribution (the same motion which is bow
made by the Senator from Indiana ) it was voted
down, and the journals will show by whom ! I
made the motion to extend to these Territories the
same grants of land which were made to Ohio for
internal improvement, (about one million of acres )
the motion was voted down, and the journals will
show by whom We made all these motions, and
lo«t them The vot  was against us on every oe
casion, but the reason and the argument was with
us, and we gave notice of our intention to renew
all our propositions, and to fight it out until he
Territories were redeemed from the insulting in-
justice to which the bill had subjected them This
is the stite of the case—notice actually given of
our intention to renew all our motions—when the
Senator from Indianatakes up one of them, and re-
news it himself This is very kmd m him, and
I Irnow that at the bottom of his heart he is friend-
ly to all three of our motions, and would gladly
vote for the .vhole of them, but is under the cuel
necessity of conforming to the dictatorial tvranny
which rules the destiny of th s bill It n kind in
h m to take up one of our motions which his friends
voted down, but then it is just to ourselves to re-
claim our own property—to  retain the command
of our own work—to lecover our own motion__
and to present it again at the proper time This
is what we ou;ht to do, and will do We have a
right to our own thunder, and will keep it and
use it
Mr President, continued Mr B the vindication
of the Territories from the insulting and degrading
injustice which this bill inflicted upon them, is one
of the sacred tasks which the Democracy has im-
posed upon itself When we read over the bill,
and saw the odious and wicked distinction whieh
this bill made between the yeomanry of Florida,
Wisconsin, and Iowa, on one side, arid the silk
stocking gentry of this District on the other: when
we saw this, our feelings were indignant ¡ and we
were determined to expose, if we could not rectify,
the scandalous injustice. We have made our
voices be heard on this floor, and we have driven
home arguments to our adversaries which they
have found it impossible to answer We have
asked why this mvidious and odious distinction?
Why this exclusion oi farmers from the benefits of
the bill, and the inclusion of city gentry within it'
Are the inhabitants of the Territories excluded be-
cause they are tar of}' or, because they ire demo-
cratic' or, because they have no Presidential
vote? or, lecausea shaie to ihem will lessen the
distributive shares to the others? Is th  District of
Columbia included because it is here present? be-
cause it can importune and entertain members' or
because it is federal? because it is always receiv-
ing from the Treasury, and never putting any thing
in? Be these the reasons or not be it for this, or
what it may, that the three Territories are ex-
cluded, and the one District included, the distinc-
tion is unjust, unrighteous, iniquitous, insulting,
scandalous and wicked It is an enormity of
which Federalism alone could be guilty No mo-
narch would treat his distant subjects in this man
ner. All the monarchs of Europe are kind to their
distant subjects—give them land—and relieve them
from many taxes and burdens Here, the distant
citizens of the Union are outraged and insulted—
denied a share of their own money—while that mo-
ney is brought off to be given to tho^e who never
saw, much less paid for public land. It takes Fe-
deralism to do this, not merely old Federalism, but
Banki«m—Bank Federalism—corporation Fede-
ralism—chartered Federalism—to do it
What is the pretext upon which this outrage to
the Territories is defended? It is, that the Federal
Government pays the expenses of their Govern-
men's, and spends money for their public build-
ings This is a miserable pretext, which makes
the injustice the greater! Sir, the Federal Go-
vernment expends thousands for this District
where she expends hundreds for the Territories
She expends moie for it than I could enumerate in
hours or days? Look at the Holland debt—above
a million of dollar"—the interest included, near two
millions—assumeiby this Government Lookatthe
canal to which we subscribed a million, to increase
the trade to it Ljok at the bridges and aqueducts,
and the rumerous public buildings erected for it,
at the cost of millions. Look at the streets paved
and 1 ghted at the expense of the National Treasu
ry. L'ok at the donations in money, and in city
lots, bestowed upon it All the Territories toge-
ther, in the whole period of their existence, have
not had as much expended for them as we have
bestowed in this District in a single session of Con-
gress and >et, the Territories must be excluded
from the land distribution because we pay some
expense' for them, and (be District is to be included
because we expend an hundred times as much for
it1 The excuse will not do It is a shallow pre-
text, and aggravates both 'he injury and the m ult
So the Territories
Sir, this is a ca--e of plundei. The old States
have agreed to plunder the young ones' and the
young ones are ofteied a share of themselves to
submit to the depredation The joung Status
which contain the public lands and pay the mo-
ney for them, are bribed wi'h a little of their own
money, to submit to their own degradation and in-
jury, they have Sinators on this floor, and Repre-
sentatives m the other end of the Capitol, and
without the vo'es of some of these, the work of
plunder could not be accomplished The Territo-
ries also contain public land, and pay money fot
them, but they have no Senators on this floor, no
Representatives on the other. They can neither
aid the plunderers, nor resist them: therefore, they
are left out of the bill' They are young, and
weak, and absen ; and therefore they are neglect-
ed, wronged, and insulted.    But though helpless
