§42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841,
§7txu Cong......1st Sbss.
Mscal Bank—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
Lyon, one of the  Representatives of ¡he people of
Vermont in the Congress of the United Stales, was
dragged Irom his peaceful fireside and family, and
incarcerated in a loathsome prison, and compelled
to pay a fine of one thousand dollars sad costs
And what was his offtnce? He «poke too freely of
the misconduct of the public functionaries, the ser-
vants of the people And, much to ihe prai«e of
lh.e laje Democratic Congie s, it res ored this fine
and interest, to the heirs of Mr. Lyon And do
we BO^se a determination of the present dominant
Federal party, ihe moment they get (he power, to
aga|n, revive this odious gag law? Here we have
atiau specimen of .he beauties of ju íeial indepen-
dence; that is, independent of the people, their
masters. It is now claimed, Mr President, that
the power \o esublteh a National Bank ought not
to be question ^ masmuch as i tie independent Ju-
diciary of ou>- country have given it it eir sanction
No, not even the sovereign people, even after their
decision, question the p..Ker!
"She sovereign people are to stand by and re-
main si|ent, while their constitutional currency is
to undergo an entire change, from c ri io paper,
and their public Treasury to be tians erred, with
all their treasure, from the hands of thectnstiiu
twpal officers*, into the hands of a reckless, set of
bankers and *peculators, and worse than all Ihe
rest, foreigners! And this through the magic power
of a Bank
Bat, Mr President, we have not yet done with
precedents It is even urged that act of pieced-
ing Legislatures upon thissubject, ouf ht to be pre
cedents and guides for this Legislature, and that
we ought not to depart from them Tins is a bold
claim Upon our credulity It is even aflrmed lhai
an affirmative decision of ihe Lpgis!a>ur on>htto
have much more weight and influence upon our
minds, than a negative decision. It either ought
to have any weight with us, I hold ihe converse
of this proposition to be correct— hat is, a nesa-
tive decision ought to have the greates' weif m,
and 1 assign this rca«on for it, ihat m a negauve
decision it can have only two classes oí citizens to
support it—those who believe it to be unconsti u-
tional and those who believe it to be inexpedient
while, on the other hand, you have ¿11 the inte
resied people, speculators, dealers in stocks, &c
together with those who believe it to be both con-
stitutional and expedient. And mtei est is a pow-
erful agent to incline and shape the m n I up in «iry
subject But ihe essence and nature ot ligisUtu u,
is to be untrammelled and unbiased by i e pet on
of preceding Legislatures—dee lo art %i a'l times
as the necessities and condition of tne p-opea,id
the progress of ocnl improvement n q u s Whi
is bold enougo, at this ume, to pn claim i i> bell
in the correctness of the sedi ion law, incito stand
up in defence ot 'he imprisonrm at < f Mr Lytn
and a great many other  under that now acknow
ledged unconstitutional and infamous lw, ft me
of whom veie relieved from prison by Mr Jeffer
son when he came i>ito powtri And who will be
bold enough, a few years hence, to el im that Con-
gress has power to incorporate a Bank? Verv few
in my opinion. Laws that werp made by our pil
grim fathers, might be wtll enough 'oí that day,
but would not do very well for this da\ It vas
then a fine for a man io kiss his wife op Sunday
How would that do foi this da; ? I law  wt re
made permanent, there could b> jit e or no im-
provement in sot ¡ety. Nottvci ui '■"ecttpiy of
the Navy could make the importan i i movement,
that he is repor'ed to h<ve ('one—saa\ i h s dan-
dies If the wisest m?n in Aren< a bM proposed
fifty yeais a?,o, such lmprovemru s ^ Meam, as
we no# ha>e attained to, he v/t u d have been
treated as a lunatic, and put m'o a sirai  eket
Legislative pow^r is municpal cnlv It is only
the usufruct, i.c the power itself, 'ha is to bedis
posed of by legislators It u ¡n i ? nature
to be used for the time being oil . A 1 tie
acts of our Legislature must necessarily be sub-
ject to repeal or alteration by a subsequent
one. If I am correct in tne v iw hat I shall
take before I sit down, of political ar i muiicipal
power, and of the plain and clear disti ici on which
exists between them, no one will dou^t the power
of one Leg slature to repeal the acts of another,
and prior one, though they consist in the grant of in-
corporations. That the Supreme Couit erred in
deciding that Congress had power to grant a char-
ter to a banking company, I entertain no doubt
myself, and I think there is no difBcj^ty in pointing
out the error, taking their own principles for my
guide. I will endeav ir to show it, Mr President.
It is admitted that the p wer to grant a corporation
appertains to sovereignty, and that sovereign power
must be exercised to ma^e the grant. Tne court
say, MeCulloch vs Maryland, 4th Wheeton's Re-
ports, 410: "The cieation of a corporation, it is
said, appertains to sovereignty. This is admitted "
Again the court say, page 411: "The power of
creating a corporation, though appertaining to
sovereignty, is not like the power of making war,
or levying taxes, or of regulating commerce, a
great substantive and independent power, which
cannot be implied as incidental io other powers,
or used as a weans of executing them " Here lies
the great error, in conioundtng the two powers,
political and municipal, and by permitting sove-
reign power, becau e i nplied, to be used and ex-
ercised by a body capable only of using and exer-
Clung municipal power The court exercise a
good dea" of ínget uity, and labor hard to show
that to great acharter of incoiporation, is not an
end, but a means to secure an erJ, ard, theiffore,
being a means only, may be impi el, and arnexed
to some express power, and be exei'ed and exer-
cised by a different body because i u implied.
Ii may as well be an end as a m*ans, if >ou
choose <o make it to. Its mam obj ei is to take
the place of one of the most mporunt en Is m our
Government, anil wholly cha'ge tie character of
this end and express power—that i-, ihe cuirency.
When the couit -aitsly themselves with the proof
that it is a means only, they jump to ihe conclusion
that it may br exercised by a municipal bodv, or a
body having the capacity only to exerc «■• munici-
pal power
Proving it o be a rreans d es not change its
ch racter from a sovere gn power to A municipal
power, nor prove th it it may b* used or exercised
by any other body thin such an one as has cap t
city to exercise sovereign power
It is wholly immaterial through what chanr 1
the power to be exercised, which ¡s admitted to be
political oi sovereign, comes to the body vhich is
io extrt it, whether it is implied or expíe •.. The
mportant q ustión to be set led is, What body
ii"i txei ise Ihe power? Se* lw this question right,
and wc shall have no iunhei difficulty in ascei-
uimng the power of Congress over eoiporauons.
it i. not to be tcgotten that t is adm tte 1 by the
cou tt at ihe power to create corp iai0Hj has
itvn een t-xpiessly confer ed on Coisjress. In
the Í h vol Whtatcn's Repons, 409, t.ie court
«sy "Tn  roveí o enraung a coipor. lion is one
apperiaiuirb to so/eieisnly, and is not expressly
conf' rrrd on Cr>ngr< *-s."
It, Mr Pt i kpt, we start v tth tne foi owing
pU 'i tru sis ¿net «h eh, I tu nk, t . ave c< fore esta
o'tsned as truth , we sha 1 soon come to a light
conclusion
ÍVst lhat i' is by sovereign or po i leal power
oily inat    eel pora'ion can ba crea ed
Sjcu utly 'ih^t the siveieign power „■! the
UitelSatSis a lb  pe ip'e, and y them only
ca i be ex re sed
Ti rulv Tnat the soverc «a or rot ticl powei
rfthc ie ole o creí c coipoiatio s was never con-
feTf-d on Jjrv e s
Foaithy, it mi G Jítrnnsentisaiin its'agen-
e> of thv s verei"n, trie peopis, "ud cannot eiei-
ci e o c)Lrer s ve'eiga t r poiiiu il poA i,oons-
qutr. )v Ci j¡r< ss c-sn conf r ncreye coin po ver
batmunci il tc",?«dtiat s n a „Ve u cre-
ating a corpi ration, u tb n<r, s0 treign Tnat I
am cori-eet in the latt  , or lojrth proposition, is
easily a'certai.ied by tne fact, tnat Conare.s can-
mt alter or change our C nstuulion butittnustbe
done by the -overe gn peop'e in con eution, it was
established by sovereign power, and cannot be al-
tered or changed except by the same power If
Congress could change or &iter ihe Constitution, it
eould grant corporations; because it requires the
sanie poser to do bodi—thatis,s0"ereign or political
power    Ii it could not alter or make a constitu-
tional Government for the peop'e, it could not, for
the same reason   grant a cjrporan n.   Because
every grant of a corporation is «o much of the so-
vereign power granted away.   Ihe body that can
grant away a portion of the sovereignty, can gr nt
away  the whole.   For this reason the people, m
their sovereign and p imary capacity, can grant a
corporation, or they can grant the whole sovereign-
ty    The people, exercising the sovereign power,
can rrake the whole into coiporation-., it they think
proper to dj so.   Power ísgiten to Congress, in
the Gtnsti ution, to coin money, &c    This power
cannot be repelled oi revoked by Congress; and
why not?   Fur the p am reason, that it uould be
an exercise   of political power,  which Congress
has not   the   capacity   to   do      If  a  power in
the   Constitution   had  been   conferred   on Con-
gress   to    charter   a    Bank;    this   could   not
hive been repealed or Kvoked by Congress, for the
same reason, that it woo'd have required the ex-
ertion of political cr sover 'gn power, which Con-
gress is incapable   of  using.    In Great Britain
their sovereign  power rests not ii the people, but
in their Par'>ament or Lcgislatuie     The  people
there have no control over the sovereign power;
it wa« usurped by the Government at an early pe-
riod, asd has always t>een  wi'hheld  from them.
The legislative action of Gn.at  Britain is an  ex-
pression of the sover ign \/i!l—henee, Parliament
may grant, cr  take away  and abroóte,  charters
ot incorporation     The  pecp'e  there  ara neither
called upon, or  ¡ ermuied   to    alter the   British
Constitution;  the  Gjvernment  does  that, or  h^
that power, b cau*e the soseieigu power is in the
Givernrcent or Parliament     It seems to be  ad-
mitted ihat public corporations   can be repealed,
bu' is denied that private corporations can be re-
pealed, because individual* have vested rights in
the franchise, which cannot be taken away from
them    This will be found to be an erroneous idea,
loth public and pnva'e  corpoiations, are upon
llie same footing as 'o the power of conferring, or
taking away   or repealing    And he.e let us ex-
amine the contract, whica is> said to  be made be-
tween th„ po\ er conferring  the charter, and the
persons receiving it.   This has been enveloped in
mystery.    But it we examine it on principle, we
sidll fiidit easily   explained.   Those who have
power and control ov+r a subject, may dispose of
it in contiact, according   to   ihe nata'e of  iheir
power   or   control over it.     If   an  individual
owns properly, 1 e  i ay sell or di«pj e of it as he
choo es. It he mlv h¿s a lease, oi the use of it, he
can only dispose i   the use o  it.    So it is with po-
1 tioai or munitiprl nover     Tnose  who have  the
puver over, oi c< ntrol ot the sovereignly, the poli-
tical povve-, who m t> c Uni ad Sta'es are the peo-
pie, and ui Gn at Buiain tne  Parliament, can dis-
pe. e ot that by contract, and n suco manner as the
soveiega  chooses.    The  people  can  make   just
such a Government for t'iern el/es as they choo<e,
can govern   themselves by corp rations in whole
or ¡n part, as it su ts ihem. best     If, then, having
the control and po^e" over n, they grant a portion
of thei   sovere gniy  to  ¡id    idcaK, l  i^ a contract
for so much f f then   sive>-ei\n povver, to be held,
cceup ed, ird u idbycmh individuals or corpora-
tors tor thdr oun i e.    Tie cot,ri, n the case of
Dirt noun C( Ue;>   us Wood^-rd, 4th Wheaton's
R^por <, in ¿iviii., Powell's defina on of a contract,
in pifc,e 656. °py
'He a Ms that he mTeai nts r qi bite n rn m a (.ontract,
are, aitus consent at t in ob iga i u tn be cr a ed or dl^solv
ed foffe mint all toncur, because the rt^guKr effect of all
contracts is oo one si e to acqmie, an t on the other to part
with some piopeity m n ts 01 to ahulgr 01 to restrain na
turat hbt y tyb di „ the j irtie* to !) or itstrainmg them
f omil nn^, simetbn g which betoie ihey might have done or
omtted '
But if •h'-y are incapaci'ated, by means of their
limited powers, like a Leg sia ure, to hold or con-
trol political powet oi s vereignty, they cannot
grant it away any more than au a^ent in a
factery to mjnutacture go^ds can sell the fac-
tory, or a farmer wno has leased a farm
can sell the farm, tr clerks m a store can sell the
store. It will readily be seen, that if any of those
limited agents should undertake to sell or dispose
of the property, and should transcend Iheir pow-
ers, that the grantee or vendee would get no tale,
and could not hold  it    So in case of a Legisla-
