Mj, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
Tariff Bill—Mr.   Hastings.
¡1. ot Reps.
tare; the Congres-, which is a limited agency of
the sovereign people, granting what it has not the
capacity to hold or exercise, political power to m-
divuluals, by corporations, it would not be
binding upen the people. Congress could exercise
all the power it was capable of holding, and that
is municipal power only. It could convey nothing
but for the time being Th" next Legislature could
repeal it. If, therefore, Congress should create
either a public or private corporation, it would be
by the strength of municipal power only, and
either could be repealed. But if the sovereign
power was to grant either a pabbe or private cor-
poration, it could not be taken but by the
same power which granted it. And ei'her can be
abrogated or taken away at any time by the sove-
reign. The court say, in the 4th Wheaton Re
ports, page 643:
"ATordmg to di theoiy of the Butm Constitution their
Parliament is omnipouont loannul eorporate rights might
giTe a ah >ck to pubic opinion which that Government has
chosen to tvoid, but its power is not questioned "
The reawn of tnis i , that ihe sovereign power
is vested m Parliament. H'reit is vested in the
peopk. The peop'e may do here what Parliament
can the'e.
Tho e who fear the ¡rower of the people, tre ge-
nerally endeavoring to fortify themselves aga'nst
it by means of corporations. If the doctrines of
the Federal party are correct, you nave only to get
from the Legislature one of these impregnable for-
tification', and you are forever tHcre-fter safe
against the people; th y cannot, with all their pow-
er, storm it. if a Legislature can charter a Bank,
and cannot repeal it, it iollows that if a set of e ir-
rupt and vile men eou'd get incorporated—and
enough of th,s ws have recently witnessed—with
powers to manufactuie paper money, without be-
ing obl'ged ever to redeem if, and all others were
m the same charter prohibited from making or
creating any other currency, which the Legislature
would have the same ng**t to do, the people would
be obliged to tak" t'.is miserable cheat for the
standard of value and currency, when there was
no value ts it. We are not to suppose that this
is too unreasonable to be done, and therefore would
not be done. Acts, almo t as revoking as this,
under cover of lh«se corporations, have already
ttome to light.
Mr Piesidenf, I know I am consuming much
more time than Í ought to upon this subject, and
were it not one of great importance to tne pet pie
of this country, I should not ask the indu'gence;
but there is another view o* the subject which I
wish very briffly to tdke.
Tne General Government has not power to re-
gulate nor mt rfere with the internal affairs of the
States.   The Sta es are sovereign over them   The
General Government has power to regula'e com-
merce betvvc-D. the Sia'es, but not in idem    Such
notes, as are  i oh*, or wdl be, if the bill passes,
dignified by ihe po-er ot a Bank, into money,
were not, wj'sout the o*erauon ot  ihe  banking
power, of any bigher chaiacter than commercial or
business piper, or any co-nmon promissory notes.
It is the power of the Bank that changes then cha-
racter.    It is then by mean*; of a sovereign [ ohti-
c l power, that a municipal body, Congres g < in-
capable of exercising or holding,  enters ,i State,
breaks down if «-oveiignty, and regulates thevvuole
internal affair  ot theSfn , as  * n ay do, if it ran
any portion ot it     Bv he enange which this pa-
per undergoes, n is hi h Irawn from the power of
the State to tax it, or -chalate it, as it m ght have
done before      The wb v of the ordinary business,
paper of the p-opl   of trie    Stat , may be with-
drawn from the  power ot tne State in the same
manner     And the people who haa a rat iral light
to use such paper *n their own way, before, might
be prevented from u*mg it in any other manner
than such \s  should  be prescribed bv the Bank.
The "ame power could shelter or shield ah the mo-
ney that should be deposited or placed in the Bank,
and prevent the State from taxing it for State pur-
poses-; and in many places,  the money will create
as large a basis  of taxation as ail the other pro-
perty of the people.    By the same power, any
other  property,   with  a charter adapted  to  it,
might  be  withdrawn  from   the  power oi   the
State.    There would be no limit to the power
which might  be exertt d  by the General Govern-
ment, over all the internal affairs  of the States.
There could be nothing left for the State sove-
reignty to act upon.     If the power  to  create a
Bank is  tO|he found in an incident of any one of
the express powers, I  again a'-k  Mr   President,
which is it?    Whenever it is ascertained which of
the express powers it belonss to, let lh" Bank be
adapte 1 to the nature of that power; f r, if it is an
incident of the power, it must partake of its na-
ture and character.   If it belongs to the power "to
borrow money on the credit of the United S'ates,"
let it conform that power    If it belotgsto the
power "to regulate commerce with foreign nations
and among  the several S'ates, and with Indian
tribes," let it conform to that power.   If ¡t belongs
to the power "to con morey, regulate the value
thereof, and if fongn c >in,. nJ bx the standard of
weights and measures," let  it conform to that
power    If it belongs  to thu oower "to raise and
support «¡rmies," 1 t  it conform to thai power.   If
it belongs to the power  "to provide and maintain
a navy," let it conform to that power.   It may as
well, Mr Pi esident, belong to one power as to the
other.    If it is mc'den'al to all the great powers,
let a Bink be created oi chartered foi each power;
certainly there would be as "inch propriety m this,
and_ there could be a" much p wer to do «-o, as to
charter one bank, and not know which o. ihe pow-
eis it  belongs  to     The-e must be an affiliation
somewhere.   The curt say, in their investigation
of thi* subject, 'hat you are not  confined to neces-
sary   means   to    carry   into   efiect    the   expre-s
powers, but  may   use such   as are convenient,
and they say a Bank is convenienr, rc i  there-
fore  may be use I as a   means      Wo J d not a
Bank  be  convenient   to  provide   and   mautain
a navy?   This can only be done with money   And
where could a bank  be  nore usefully employed?
It a bank should  be   granted  to aid this power,
what would be the effect of it upon the internal af-
fairs of the States?   The few incorporated, would,
by means of the corporation, have the entire con-
trol of the navv.    Is this more prepos erous or ab-
surd, than to invest a   ftw   individuals with  the
power of creating a currency; *snd to coi tract ai d
expand it at pleasure?    The whole  operations ot
the Government, as well as those of the whole po-
pulation of our country, are made to depend upon
the will ot the íjw managers of the corporation
or bank.   And thus our navy is considered to be
the right arm of our national defences; jet to en-
trust that to a few banker*, would inflict upon the
country, a-, every body can easily -eo,   a   wtund
of vastly kssmagm ude than it would to confine
to them the manufacture of our currency.    I w?s
about to inquire,   Mi. President,   what   effect it
would  have   upon   the mternsl  concems of  the
States, if a bank v as grafted lo a few mdivdual ,
to provide and  maintain a nav}.    A'l the timber,
non, rigging, copper,  spikes,   nail-,   painis, and
every other material,  t^   bu Id t^csbtpo, won i oe
withdrawn  and  tsken away trom the States, and
wb ch would no' the , as tnov now are, be 1 t o>e
to taxation  by 'go Sta c<; nor cojld t e; exercise
any other powtr over diem     i'bevi >t ,na eria.s
to feed and  clo he  the  seamen  wca'l be  m the
bke condition     May i  not -nouire w   i ~cme ap-
prehension, Mr Pres dent what ther* w   i d be left
for *he   sovereign power of tne St? *  'o opera'e
bpon'
SPEECH OF MR. HASTINGS,
or oiro
In the House of Representativa, July 99, 1841—On
the re/enue, or taruT bill
Mr. H4STINGS rose, and addus-ed the com-
mittee as follow-:
Tnistims* of taxatioi, Mi. Chair¡n?n, is -¡ «nli-
ter of very grave cons¡ eia'ion foi those who nave
to pay, be it little or muer* ihe quantum i> cf
some impórtanos, but the manner and ar-n rnon-
ment m levying it are of Jill moie, because these
circumstances involve more or less the equal rights
of the people and ihe S'ates; and what I intend to
say upon mis subject, at present, will be chi- fly in
reference to these right*-. As to the merits of the
compromise, I have not a word to say; those more
immediately interested look to that.    But this
much Í will „<-•—<f there -¡lever had been any par-
tial,   theoit, li*-*, speculative  legislation  in   that
branch of ib     avenue—J mean imptrt duties__
there would cave been no occasion tor the com-
promise act. But, as I said before, I will refrain
from remarks in relation to that act.
As I belong to the workers or producers, and as
I have the old-fashioned notion that the people 
possess iuth ont-ot-tbe-way powers as "erj-ual
rigms," and a, the Constitution says "that du,ies,
imposts, and excise, shall be umf<rm thron¡>hoot
the United S'ates"—uniform, of cour e, between
the peop'e a-  well as between the States, for they
could not be uniform in the one sens**, wilhonl be 
 ng uniform 111 the other—and as we all know that
impol' dunes are indirect taxes; and that, although
the impor'ers ,>ay them in the first instance, and
the consumtrs in the next, production must pay
them uluma cly, being tne universal pay-all in. all
cases «hatevei But, as I was going to say, being
a subject ot 1 as sovereign pay-all—to spi'ak ib
loyalty parlan-e— I must examine lii'v this bili
will affect his majesty, a  well a5 the equal rights
of his ioyal subjects By the way, I wish the ma-
jority in this House had got up 'he Bank fiseal
agent bill before this tariff bill, (for tariff bill a is,)
that we m'ght ba**e gone at large mi  this ey'-sore
to the exclusive privilege folks of ih's ¡and oftree-
dom—I mean equal rights; but I suppose it will
come in good time.
A stranger, Mr Chairman, not acquainted with
ihe erratic lib rues the Republican Re presentad ves
of this Repub'ican pioplehave taken with the Con-
stitution and their equ d rignts, ever s rce the com-
mencement of the Government,  would think it
somewhat cunou  tu see us  of the present extra-
ordinary session, (as it is justly Called ) passing a
bill one day to withdraw from the Treasury three
or f< ur millions of the public revenue 10 distribute
among the Slates; and a few days af'er passing
another bill to borrow three or four times the sum;
and a few days after that, again, discussing another
bill to indirectly tax the same dear people, 10 re-
place the three or four millions in ths Treasury
a<-ain, with ail the expenses attending the round-
about operation; the same as putting $100 in one
pocket, and tailing some $120 out of ihe other.
And, to  mend the matter, the majority, m carry-
ing through  these measures, making what some
ot theu ca'l restraining rulffs—the people will call
them gag-law —to control, abridge, and slop de-
fa te when they please.    It is Uue, the Constitu-
tion says C< ngress snail make no law "abridging
the lieedom of speech "    But what ot .i¿t*¡    tt is
not the first time the Consa utioi has been made
sub ervieni to expediency, althougi aJn iging the
freedom of speech of the people's Representatives
in ths h?ll is virtually abridging the  freed o<n  of
speecb. of the  pe pie   themstives.    in tru'h, it is
wo'sejtor m'  not abusing their confidence be-
ide t   I, as well as otheis, was nr<_v^oted by these
ga0-i * 1 3   1    i giving my op 1    n on   ins distribu-
11*1*1  s-he 1-—one ot the mes   >•, pina t  to   the
UDci    s p«iu perpetuity of trie Union lhat has ever
bten   ; "ejected.    However,  if we  are debarred
K; prbitrary, unconstitutional rules, irora speak-
1 ¡r   oar   nimn    on   this   floor,   we  must do it
10   o 11   con ti'uents—ihat's  all      Appeal   from
trc     eop e's   Representatives   to   the sovereigns
thei selves,   while   they   are   sove,cigns.    { ¡.ay
" wh'V   il*ey   are   sovereigns,"   fcr   how   long
tiey r>*a>   remain so, if the measures which the
p e'ent D. ri\  in power priject bh'.-Id be C3rneu
1110 effect, is a problem toai time, a* d  ie wisdom
and «'ill to be fiee that these fame so «.reigns may
c*ll 11V0 oc 'on, will sjlve.
M) cons'i uents Mr. Chairman, are opp^ed to
rU taiff games ot hide and seek; they simply want
ile sun of Government regulation—not unregola-
tioii—to shins upon all alike, without ia.vor or af-
fection One of them, <* farmei, and a Yankee
one, too, trim the land 1 * Mea y habits, uhe.e
ihe*. "look to results," as the gentleman irom Ken-
tucky told us one day, said to me ju t before 1 left
home: "Haitings," said he, "«hen you get to
Washington among them lawyers, that can make
white black, and black white, just as they choose—
clever fellows, some of them, after all; a necessary
evil I call them—we want you to see fair play, a*
