August, 1841.
27th ConG"-1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
é45
Public Lands—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
Congress pleases. From the nature of this ab-
stract proposition, (as no doubt tome gentlemen
will term it,) it will be seen that I cannot vote for
the bill as it is, althouch I may offer borne amend-
ments if I «ee any prospect ol carrying them But
I will tell gentlemen one thing, which I solemnly
believe, that the people, when they begin seriously
to ponder upon it, will direct their representatives,
to carry this kind of an abstraction into entire
and lasting practice. For you may talk about the
general welfare, and this and ihat kind of policy,
and retaliatory dunes, and what not, as >ou wil ,
but the people, when they come to lock at the
plain truth, digested of the mystifications of con
Ungent interests, wul tell yon that a violation of
the equal rights of the most obscure individual in
the Republic, whether ibrauga tar ff la\-& or ¡>ny
other law, is an outrage on the general welfire,
and of deep importance to the perpetuation of our
independence But I will proceed to explain the
bearings of my proposition, an1 the partial erTee s
of soire of the provision^ of the b 1! In the West,
Mr Chairmm, a vast deal of our trading is done
through th medium of hpr'pr. In the district I
have ihe nonor to represent, I suppos* three-four s
of it, perhaps, is do ie in that way, through the
stores and the farmers and méchanos u ith each
other.
Now, m 'he bill b fee v-, I perc^i/et-at h des
and flax are among the articles to be exempt from
auty. Suppose Out tu- farm r ti<kes ¡in duty-
free hide to the store, or to a tnanufac'ory of flan-
nels that there ,s in my ncighbo hood, and ex-
changes it at the former for domestic cloth, or mils-
lin, or calico, or at the la ter for flannel, sim lar
foreign fabrics being dutied at twenty p«r cent
has rot the manufacturer of Hese articles
an advantage rf twenty per cent over the
farme i Wnereas, if hidej paid the same
duly as fabr,cs, the barter wiu'd be reciproca';
otherwise, the fir -er, if his i,ide c¿me to $4,
would be paying 80 ccr ts more on th transact n,
towards the. exp^n es of he G^vernaient, hn> l.e
manufacturer. The operaUon wou'd bs toe *• me
in barttring flax, wh ch is an ex ensiv- pi'duction
of Ohio I observe, in the agricultural stall,tics of
last >ear, tfaa* 'here are 13 438 383 neat c?ttle m
the United State, 1,186 904 if thfse in Ohio
From which, romeci nception maj Le fome-l of
the extent of tie ir\js-lice tha will be done th->
farmers thiough th s s-heme of hi-lps, and fl'X
b ing exempt fron dmy I have «aid t^at «"eh
produc s as ve do i ot raise in our c ímate at pre-
sent—coffee, tea, soicrs, &c which some yet
choose 'o call li xur es, although ti ey had be^i e
necessaries to n anj—<hou d be exempt from tr 
import tax, ¡trd as 1 \«<* in ihe bill that they are
to pav the t er ty ptr cent da ¡, I w II, by a sim-
ple lllustra ion, -how he justice at d neces-
sity o' theu exemption (rom dutv We will
suppose th it a peiton wirth §50 000, win h*>s
ten in fam ly, Uses in the given fine ihe quantity ot
tea, coffte, and spires which commanded $20 of
duy; and a wonting man, wor h §1,000, or
worth nothing perhaps but toe lab^r of his ha-ds,
with a family oí ten, uses the same quantity oftlwse
articles in the sa-ae time, thereoy con'nouiirg
$90 toward^ the expenses of the Goveriment, as
we 1 as the nan .forth §50 000 wodld it ba fan'
Would it be jus i I mixbr, pe*haps, -ie urged
that the workingm^n vomi be subjec °d o the
some disppn y in th^ us  0t oiher duticd artic'e
True, but m sue1! ca e he wou!d have .i report, in
the presen! ore be woull h-ive non^, dimite pre-
venting it Andre* Ta-1 o i's btau lfu1 set titn"nt
in relation to this suij'ci ought not to be ' gotten
—that 'such produc s should be do y free, the
better to enable the poor i an to ge! th"m as well
as the rich." Aam, ting frte of duty produc s of
countries ibit ourchmft- will net p=rmu us t'
raise, mea'u ably piomoas our export trade to
such countries.
As regards the i nport du'ies being paid in cash
down, wi hout waiting for the expiration of the
compromise act, here can surely be no objection
If ihs tariff urn t be revised now, why not do this
act of justice to ihe farmer and manufaciurer at
once? The farmer has to pay cash for the public
landr, and why should not   he importer of fore gn
merchandise pay cash for the dunes that have to
replenish the public Treasury1 The fore'gn agent
gets a bounty or gratuity in ihe form of a creation
the duties for the importation of foreign fabrics
that are d s med, perhaps, to compete wi h those
of our own manufacturers, and retard their ad
vancement' Strange policy, or rather infatuation,
to say the least of it!
It would be a curiosity to calculate and put be-
fore the people the aggregate amount of these
bounties, m the guise of credits of from six to
eighteen months, and renewals of bonds sometimes
for as long again, for the importation  of foreisn
merchandise, amounting to 'om> $4,400,000,000
from the con mencement of the Government to the
pre*ent time, is well rs the looses from thi.se duty
credit gratuities And ihe Government n debt, tro,
i great part of ihe íme ' But thi-> is on  of the fea-
ture* of the beautiful credit, or discredit system—
which you please However, it is never too lute to
mend, and I hope the gentlemen on (his floor, who
evince an anxiety foi the promotion f ouro vn ma-
nufactures, will vr^te for an amendment to the b 11,
to abolish the credits on dtitie at coce but I must
confess my hopes are somewhat datrped on that
head when I sr  advoc tes of American manufac
tures clothed v ith foreign fabrics from top to toe.
Credit duties operite partially; the small import'r
must piv 'h" cash or get a short credit, while the
large ore gets? ¡ íorortioiately cx'cnsive credit
They increase the facilities aid enlarge tte bene-
fits of them re wealthy impoiter, while they ctt>-
fine the efforls of the smaller one in a proportion-
ate degree, and they enable the mammo h fe-
reign Eg nt to mak , in so me degree, more ex-
tensive Siles through the medium of longer credits,
than our own American merchants of «odorate
capital
The attempt, a few days ago, to raise a commit-
tee o sit during the recess, and reoort matter at ihe
n^i s ssi n, c n wh ch to revise the friff, although
we are engaged doing it at this moment, reminds
"ie of the laughab'e propo ition so of'en repeated,
—to tax ourse'vei nine million? o' dollar—the
f urth instalment, as it s called—to divide among
oursehes Ard hert h"S been a proposition to ap-
point a committee of n ne ti nvvel abiut from
city to city f'r three months—'o d> *hi' To
collect speculative opinions and irtertsted statis'i-
cal gos íp on th sjtject of indirect taxation, anl
the mo t agiee ble modes o inflicting plenty of it
in increasing vüo oi the people, and repon to
Corgresv, at ti e rest session, the delectable resups
of their < rausi g labors, ju t as if Cornm's bisnot
thousan is of such k nds of tossip—plenty am' to
spare, ready r ret) their hands—-in this Cap tol
But to f horn would th* e gi ntlemen api 1 / for in-
format oh?—to ibo p most interested m wi^e, just
cquts.1 Uxau n1 Wt shall s ~ They wou d go
probably to the coal-field , and ask ihe coal cjp -
'alists, who - in ere t, he wou d ihi-k, lay m a
heav\ dui <■, slry would go to ihe c< al mere uit in
New Yoik, whose Lite st, he w m'ct think, ^y in
a 1 ght duly, or none at ai, they wi uld ?o tv ron
capitalists, \,hose interest he wtul think, hj in a
heavy duty, they would gj to h" iron io Kmgca-
pitalis', whose mtcest, he would ihiik, lay in a
1 ght di tv, or none, iv y woald go to the im ' er
and'rafficker n oi gn meuhancW, wh se inte-
rest would be fancied in Urg" importations a"d ex-
tensive sales, t1 ey would g > to tht c<-pilalist maru
facturer, wnose cene pttons i f interest bod d b 
guittd bv the a lount of in e ligence he h? 1 ac-
quire I in th« principles of trje di.m s c ec nom*
they woo d ° i 11 tie mnnop i't la In^d c p ial s ,
who «iiiil wait rulrotd i on duly fre , tht y
would go to th  c tton cap ta 1st, whr w¡ n11 po i t
t em to the c-rip'onis , and so they - j a po
from one selj to anoinersei/ But wou'd thev go
to tne truo, 'he 'egmmate sovereigns of th° Url—
'he piy alls, comp sed ofue toil wcri lab rer, the
industrious farmer, the mEennus pTseve g me-
chanic, and the auroit manufacturer'1 ff¡. t¡H they,
through proper mqu'rics, el ctt from ih-se such in-
formation as wouü enab e them to ascertain how
far important measures of the Govarnment ope-
rated upon their morals, independence, comforts,
and general prisperit)? Would they tell any of
tto e who had a family of a wife and eight chil-
dren, (making ten in all,) that they were in-
quiring m'o what way Congress would lay an
induect tax upon the people, for the support
of the Government, of some $95,000,000, and
that his share of it in proporuon to the po-
pulation of the Union, as it must ultimately come
off labor, w mid be fifteen dollar-*, being a dollar
and a half apiece for each of his family? Would
ihey ever think of these industrials at all?—take
tbem in o the account at all?—thn's ihe ques'ion.
Therefore, the whole, or most of the information
Ihey would bring to Congress, would be what
lawyers would call of an ex-pnrte character.
And so wou d end the labors ot the committee
of nine
Let the monstn us taxing system of England,
where the taxes are upwards of twelve dollars a
head—man, woman, and child—be a solemn warn-
in!? to the American people how they let their Go-
/ernmrnt tax them To avoid this taring evil,
the p ople should confine the Government to the
Vas" possib'e expenditure, and the taxes through
imports eqjpl, and strictly kept within Ihe public
expenses Indirect taxation is insinuating and
insidious; and it is chiefly through this latalopera-
'un o' inordinate taxation that the British people
ate kept in subjection to slavish circumstances and
o"pres?ion We should, it is true, have ships and
for ifi"ations, t > the full extent that prudence may
req ire, but, at the same time, we should ever
be<ir in mind, that, as a general proposition, the
hearts and hands of a patriotic people, ard an en-
tiruy extensive use of the rifle and bayonet—of
the rifle particularly—is the best and cheapest de-
fence aga not a foreign foe. But to keep us al-
wajs'an enthusia tically patriotic people—to keep
up, with true fervo', our love for our free institu-
tions—our Representatives must always in their
legislation evince an entire respect and regard for
tha people's equsl rights How far the píssage
of this bill, as it is, will involve them, every one
will judge ¡or himself My convictions leave me
no choi-f, believing, as I do, that all our mone-
tiry calamities have bfen caused by a series of
outrages on the eqaal rights of the people, from
the da>s of Alexander Hamilton to the present
hour
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
or new ii vMPsmitE,
In Senate, Agits¿ 25,   1841—On (he final passage
of ihe till  ¡ty the disUibutun of ihe proceeds of
the public lands.
M-. WOODBURY spoke as follow*
Mr. Prvswh-st I consider this bill as proposing
the grea est im ovation in ihe admin strauon of the
concerns of the C en^ral G ivernment which has
oecurnd m en- s>oiy Nor is it one ot those
me^ uics vh < i Im ,s an epoch for good or glory
—i ke ih" bir a ot Cor s lanity, or some memora-
ble revolution i iaio of popular rights—but it
will form, it is feir <, an era of evil and disasttr,
lik me deluge or Ihe cho'era—like "war, pesti-
len-e, or famine "
Why, sir, what is the manifest character—the
very front of the case, whether we look to it in
a fi. cal or po'i íc-d view? la the former view, it is
no less than a donation by the General Govern-
i cnt oi a thousand mi lions of acres of 'and. It
s giving away, nutngbt, a territory equal in extent
to 'lore than half the smaller kingdoms of Europe
,d 'ed together It i parting with a productive
nrd r a cup iai or financial resources richer than
tint of the i-o.it gorge us of Or ental despotisms.
We throw a\ a , like th" base Jadean, a pearl worth
all hit trihe We do this, too, when lepresemed
to be embairassed in cur flnarces—when our ex-
pen htures are ra| id y increasing—when twelve
millions of ne* debt have been authorzed, and
ten or fifteen more are in progress, and when
a 1 >rge augmen ation of taxes on some of the
greatest nece s8r¡ei of life, has passed one House,
¿nd is waiting on jour table ihe sanction of the
o her. Above all these considerations, we do
ihi< when no surplus exists, or is likely to exist,
and when the loss of the yearly revenue of the
lands is n t only to be sustained by the General
Government, but a new resort become necessary
