APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841,
2JÍTO   GONG'-'lST SESS.
Public Lands—Mr.   Woodbury.
Senate.
for an equal, if not larger amount, to be exacted
backin taxes from the States and the people.
lp,; apolitical view, the measura is still worse, if
possible . It is unequal and unjust, to particular
Siaies-r—to particular sections of the country—to
particular classes—and it is in this and other ways
demoralizing to society, and dangerous to the
Unjoft itself. -
Iaihese opinions I may err. But my conviction
of ¡their, correctness is so strong, that I do not hesi-
tate to tWow the facts and reasons on which they
are founded, beibra political opponents; and to
ask even ef them reconsideration and deliberation.
Ho person is more ready to do justice; than myself
to others from whom I am divided by mere diffe-
rences in opinion, arid whatever of party dis-cipline
—of faacty State instructions, or imp*rfect exami-
nation, may have operated to carry this bill thus
far, I know that there are candor, patriotism, and
conscience enough; yes, sir, independence snd
high honor enough, on the other sidr, yet to arrest
so, alarming an innovation as this, if I can only
bring the real facts and true principles of the case
, to bear, fairly on their judgments. I will try, sir.
I am bound to try by the instructions of my State
as,well as a sense of duly. And bad the screw, or
a contest for physical exhaustion, forced me to riie
atan untimely hour, I should have spoken, sir, at
the risk of perishing at my post.
Let me first dispose of several topics which may
be regaided as incidental or collateral to the main
qu'-stiuns. Some of those have, on former occa-
sions, and with some friends of the bill, assumed
an importance to which they ate badly entitled,
and must therefore be swept awf>y.
Thus the chairman of the Land Committee,
[Mr. Smith of Indiana,] who has industriously
watched over this measure, urged its adop'ion be-
cau.«e the public lands were a fluctuating source of
revenue. What, sir, are we to give away a valua.
ble estate if its income is irregulai? Would an
individual throw away a farm or a fishery because
this year be realized one thousand dollars from it,
and the next but eight hundred dollars, and the
next twelve hundred? Absurd. I have heaid the
same argument pressed on other occasions. Yet
it is not only unreasonable in itself, but, unhsppily
for its authors, it is not founded in fact. Here are
the official returns in my hands from 1817 to 1840
inclusive, of the revenue from cus'oms and from
lands separately. Take out ihe three jears of
1835, '6 and '7—when the price? of evpry thing
were raised so artificially high by bank expan-
sions, and when the pnces of the public lands were
not by Congress raivrd wnh the resi, and conse-
quently surplus capiial in many places tushed into
thepurcliPf-e of lands— how then ssands the com-
parison? Why, sir, the average levenue from cus-
toms was about twenty millions yearly, and that
from lands about two and a half millions, and the
departures from these averages were much oftener
and much greater in the former than in the latter.
On the mtde of reasoning, then, whi<li has been
-pursued on thii point, we should give away all the
receipts -Wived in m cusioms, rather than those
from laiids    But enough cfthis
The next collateral topic is, that the lands oupht
not to be regarded as a source of revenue. Why
should they aoi Ic, as much as any other pro-
ductive piopertjl Why not hi uspÍ! for prtfit—
eipeciaiiy when, '.vi'houf them, we must resort to
higher taxation? If gentlemen ¡eaurd ¡hern as
owned by the General Govf rnment only in pledge,
mortgage, or trust, till certain oljrct-i ate accom-
plished, and then to be returned to the Slates, I
will soon show lha: no such trust either exisis, or,
if existin ', bu-- been accomplished in all its objects,
or is attemp'er! to be recognised and cr.rried out hy
the prnvism.s of ¡hi/ bill. But now, passing by
these, if the lands are not to be kept fer revenue,
why use them as a *ouice of expense rather than
revenue? Why pay over the proceeds of them by
this bill, after some ¡ma'l deductions, and do not
pass over with them, nor deduct alJ the charges
still yearly connected wi h them? These con-
sist of the Indian expenditure.--, equaling
lor many years past more" than all the prejsm
revenue from all the public lanas. Her-? ;hey are,
su-, ¿a  ¡be tabular statements before lc, goirg
back a quarter of a century. In one year three
millions and a fraction, in another nearly three
and a half, and in another exceeding four mil-
lions.
Why, also, should we not deductjjr pass over
to the States, with the income of the land, the
burdens in procuring and defending it, connected
with the Florida war, and Revolutionary pensions,
each enough to absorb the whole? No, sir. In-
stead of distributing the proceeds of the lands by
this bill, because we should not make them a
source of revenue, we do it with the certain and
ineviubie result of making them a source of ex-
pense. We give away lavishly the income from
them, but reserve almost all the heavy expendi-
tures incurred annually on account of them, to be
paid by heavy taxation. I told the chairman on a
former occasion, and Í repeat it now, that if he
will place the wh< le accounts of !he receipts and
expenditures connected with the public lands into
the hands of a maiier in chancery, whether it re-
late to the present or past, not a dollar of ne't re-
venue or net*, proceeds will be found to exist to be
distributed. The bill itself, then, ii delusive, in
pretending to pay over a source of revenue, or neit
proceeds trom land alone.
One more of ta:se collateral topics, and I have
done with that class of arguments in favor of so
objectionable a measure.
It is gravely slated that the lands are a corrupt
and corrupting species of property, and ought,
therefore, to be r.t once gotten rid of. Indeed.
Why more corrupt than the revenue from cus-
toms? Either can be applied to purposes of per-
sonal or political aggrandizement by unscrupulous
politicians. But neither, in and of themselves,
need be used, to promote such proft-gacy. And
from whom,.sir, dees this objection come? Prom
ihe very persons who, by this very bill, still retain
in one of its sections the absolute rightin the Gsne-
ral Government, notwithstanding the distribution,
to dispose of any pars, or all of the lands them-
selves, in any manner, and to any object, corrupt-
ing or oiherwise, which Congress may deem pro-
per. The bi 1 then destroys the argument. In fine,
sir, if the lands have, in special cases, been hereto-
fore applied to dishonest purposes, the bill retains
a full power to make the same disposition of them
hereafter.
With these hasty rort>ar!is on incidental or col-
lateral points, I pass to the great paramount and
direc' princip'es involved in this- alarming mea-
sure. ?irst, f.s t'i some of its constitutional bear-
ír-fí-í. Ifwepnal>ze i;s character With care, and
look ¡¡'rough forms and names to substance, I
feel a ítrjrig cvnvic'iin ir,at several of its princi-
pie ", a d esprcially its tendencies, will be found
dirpcily -twF.rwith the spirit of the Constitution.
Mere loan this, sir, the measure as a whole, it is
feaicd, vil!, on examination, appear to be exceed-
ingly impolitic—at this juncture very ill timed, and
emirely delusive as to ar.y beneficial results anti-
cipated ire m it, either to the General Government,
the States, or the pcop'e at large.
What then is its real charactei? I pronource
this distribution, sir, to be a gift to ihe several
States—a naked gift. And if, on a thorough scrnti-
nv, it turn out lobe .«o, whether con«i<tirg of pro-
perty or monev, I shall undeavor to show it to
be unconstitutional.
Les-5 will be said on some cf the points con-
nected «;;h t'iis biancii of the inquiry, than if I
had not been relieved by previous aole discussions
oflhcmon this and previous occasions. Let no
one attempt to escape the conclusion, that it is a
g:fr, byanv suggestion, tint, under the circum-
stances of the case, an 1 the provisions of this bill,
if ought to be considere id in the light of the pay-
ment of a debt due to the S'ate*.
A debt! Why, sir? What Sta'e holds the bond
or note of the General Government for this debt?
None. Only seven > f the twenty-six States ever
maoe any cession of any supptsid till-; to any of
the public iands, whose proceeds are now illogi-
cally a-f.ued to be a dejt due to each of Ihe twenty-
six. Nineteen of them never pretended any right
to any of them as separate States. How, then, do
we owe any debt? Ilow arises any semblance of
debt to those nineteen?    Even the other seven
merely quit clajmed or released to us what most of
them had little or no legal right to. They did it to
quiet disturbances, setde confiding pretensions,
promote the general welfare of the whole United
States, and never dreamed of creating thereby a
debt for the value of the lands. If so, what was
the amount of ths debt? And why has it not been
before demanded? On the contrary, the title of
those seven States separately, sir, rested, to use the
words of an old provincial governer, on
about as strong a record as "the scratch of a
bear's paw." Trie lands were mostly waste or
crown lands, and in the struggle of the Revolution
they were bought and paid ior by .he whole thir-
teen States then in beins, by their blosd, Their
indomitable couraae and constancy conquered
them. Their sacrifices, sufferings, and blood, ba-
lanced the accounts. But beyond all this, what
p etence of dtbt is due to those seven
Slates for the immense domain of Lou-
isiana and Florida, which they never claimed,
never conveye'd? Thai domain the General
Government bought of France and Spam, and
paid for out of the public Treasury. Yet, sir, by
this bill you undertake to pay those States, as well
as the rest, a larger amount on account of the
lands thus obtained from foreigners, than all
which were ever surrendered to us by all the
seven States together. But it cannot be done as
a debt.
Again, if a debt, why do we not deduct from it
in this biil at least the acknowledged debts due to
us from those and other S'ates?
The Revolutionary debt, due to us from several
of the old States, exceeds four millions of dollars,
and the recent deposite with the States in 1837,
acknowledged by their solemn laws as veil as oars
to be a debt due to us, exceeds twenty eight mil-
lions. Yet this bill, if paying to them an old Re-
volutionary or more recent debt, should certainly
deduct what is due to us? Once more, why does
not the President recommend its payment in his
message, as a debt, it it be one, arid why did not
the Secretary of the Treasury, so anxious to
swell our national debt, discover and urge this as
' a part of it, ins'ead of placii-g the tistribution,
as does the President, on grounds ,. ntirely dif-
ferent.
Bat more. If this be a debt, what right have
we, as provided in this bill, to stop the payment
on the occurrence of a wai? What right have we,
as in the bill, to stop payment of it, and dispose of
the whole lands in any different, manner which
Congress may at any moment l.appen to prefer?
What right have we also, a-> in this bill, to stop the
payment, whenever Congres  pirases to increase
the minimum price of the public lands per acre?
What right to suspend H< payment, when the
Tariff is irxreaied above twenty per cent, as is
now provided in the amended bill?
All these are gross usurpations—violations of
compacts, and disgraceful immorality on the part
of the Senate^—if we regard these proceeds to be-
long to the States as a debt due, and not to be a
mere gift.
Let us pass from this uvr.enable and contra-
dictory hypothesis to another, somewhnt more
plausible, which is, ¡hat the distribution ii ¡he exe-
cution of a trust in favor of th  States ia these
lands, rather than a gift.
Some have called it a resulting trust, af-er the
psyrr.-nt of the Revolntiomiy debt. Tiiey hjve
been driven to this, from the fact, that in several
of the cessions no trust whatever is expressed.
Here are the who'e of ¡he grai.ts proving that
fact. But if it be a resulting trust, let me ask you,
sir, as a lawyer, and once a chancellor, as well as
judge, if a trust can result of any thing except
what is contained in the deed, at.d to any person
except the grantor in ea^h deed. Th?re would
then íesuit nothing lo any State of the lands in Flo-
rida or Louisiana, as none of them are in any of
the deeds. Nor would a trust result to any Siate,
except of thut particular land contained in its parti-
cular deed. Hence, tor instance, instead of giving,
as in this bill, to New York a vast distributive
share in the whole of the public lands, she should
have nothing m those purchased from foreign
powers, nor in tbose conveyed by other States but
