August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO,THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
2rsn Covs.. -.1st Sí
Public Lands—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
¡imply all wmch remains of what was covered by
her own deed Under this vi w, also, as only
seven States released any tale whatever—nothing
whatever could revprt to any of ihe other nineteen
by way of resulting trust. Much more could be
presented under this he^d, to show how utterly
groundless in eery view is this prt-'ence, that the
distribution is not a gi't, because it is a resmung
trust.   B>nt Í forbear 10 weary the Senate wun it.
The only othsr argument to prove it not to be a
naked gift, is an idea former!* much dwelt en, but,
on full examination, found to be equally unfound-
ed—that the distribution is the execution of an ex-
press trust contained hi the dteds of cession.
Pray tell me, sir, it thcie was m i.iem an ex-
press trust, to be fuiilltd at a c*rt;>in urn , and in
a certain event, to the States—when was that fine
or what that event? Gendemcii have aigued that
it was after the pijraent 11 tí e Revolutionary
debt, or of all Hit na'nu^t debt Yet here ate the
word , in eve'v deed in the dicu nent in my hand,
and not a s> li< o t of that k'- í appears in ore ot
them But a i did, r>en>-t:r of thes' events has)et
occurred. Si t ot it e Revo' uionary debt >et ie-
mams "'t J fa ,e ciurg s torllevolu jonary claims,
including p'nsiuns, ?s *ella< tor paving annuities
to Indians, an i di c ijrg-ns ether expenses yearly,
in the extinguishment i f Indian titles, and ta^ de-
fence of that vf ry so 1 fi-c m Indian ini.uici.-Bf, So
some ot the other portio-so tie national debt re-
main, and we have a n uí o íh¡ m at this very ses-
sion tweive roillu n«, and have n prcgress, n Ue
ridiculous make ^hift f< i ., E-ak—'he newfangled
Exchange Pisca! Corporat o ,—-an authority tor ten
or fifteen roilluns nor 
The express tru t is then as "untenable as the
resulting one. Noton'y for tt,e e l-asons. but that
it cannot extend, by any pretenc whatever, to
any port on of Florida or LouisianT. Beside^ ail
this, howpver, the bill itself puts a veto on 'he
who'e assumption of its b-mg the execution of a
trust If mon*> u 'o be given to the States on
that account.,id on tnsir theory—of us begin-
ning when most of the debt was paid—then the
distribution shuvli go back to 1835—and embrace
all ihe nett proceed  s nc" Tnen, too, it should
in fu ure reacn only the NETT proceeds, ir siead of
taking as it does, airaost the whole groas proceeds.
Then, as before mentioned, what ngnt has Congre s
to rt s rve a power to s'op ue execution of this trust,
and tierwssed poseoi alliranyof thelaniswhen
event phases1 Tien, hoi dare the Chairm'o insert
a provision m the bi!la>heG.i ,su pcnJin  the tins',
in the occurrence ot war? \tihere is Je rii,ht to
doit? How dare ne, also, in that v ew, to annul
the whole tru-t, as ht does, if Cenzre--3 at any
time choose marely to ra ^e the minimum pn<e of
the public lands? flow can w , ourselves, a! o be
justified in ft' amendment iifde tu suspe d its
whola onerat . n, at Mij moment, w'^en it shi i
become necessary to ra ae the tariff higher than
twenty peí cení-2 Who ga.'e us s eh a power
over this ptopeiH if a be an 'xouss irus ' Whce
is it conferrt 7 by witm? Wnat right njve we to
retain tae leíd -¡ nes «ni -alt spnn, u lea^e for
revenueí Wha i ,'ht to he íxy tr seventy mil-
lions ot acre < xeba-ged v i h l¡ e In^iaiii in the
far Wes ' N , sir, lh" whole odi is n onMs cnt
throughoot \ ith «tny si ¡h idea The di tribatu n
is treated n a lr^spFit „s a dakedgif, ndassrjCi
u to be made and regul'tvd, ¡t at all, 11 lh" Con-
stitution and t .e pnuis c« of it p, plicible to the
disposal ot a 1 ihe pr pe.ty . «.d money of the
General GovcnMimt
O herwisf it wi i d «l-o be imm s, loie to exerci e,"s
wedo,an unlirniej Usere i'n in stveratoincr piov-
sions Thus we ptve <>p a'di íonal per ccntage to
some States, ant vith o d it itom o't.ers We
give thousane's c f acres bi.sk.es ha', dud an eqiinl
share to some StaUi, ífid nose to ethers. We
make it bfsin ft a<i aibttr.iy d« e, and we sus-
pend it at an atbitrarv da'e or event. We act as
if uncontrclled, and th<! public must loikioour
ac's on record fur ihtir irue character, rather iban
our words n debate There is no manly, honora-
ble e cape from ine e Ginclasions. We cannot
hild up oar bpa Is ass'a cmen and conduct m this
way eiiC'pt with our own—never with a dent or a
trust belonging to others.    We can honestly act in
this way on'y wuh property or money which be-
longs absolutely to the General Government for
common public, joint, confederated purpose', and
which we ma} pos«"M ihe right io give away in
th's manner consistently with the Consutuuon.
The tnairman has felt the force of this, and has
a* last attempt d a vindicat'on of his bill, en the
ground that it gives away the lands rather than
money, ai.d that Congress can rightfully give
aw y the prperty of the General Government,
when and í he en cojld not give auay its money
This is the last reluce f r deie ce, and if this po-
s.tion prove uri'-ou. d, (,s Í beueve it to be totally
it will be iid'cua, it not impossible, to reconcile
this dis'Moui on enter with ine let ¿r or ¡>pini of
the Confutation
Where, ihen let me inquire, can any clau e in
fiat sacr d .ii'-trum -nt bs louLd, wh cb, ¡n ihe
sllghtist de ret, j'is ifies si.ch a conclusion? We
are referred to the aulhoriiy granted in stction 3d,
articje 4 h, "to dispose oí and ma<.e all needful
rules a¡,d regí latí ns re-pec'ing ti e territory or
o her piope iy belonging to the United *-ta es "
Bist diaany nod . nil wi'hin a year pist, ever
dream thit tnio on'erred a power  io give tu?y
the wi i'e publ c property, of every 1: nd, of ti e Ge-
neral Gov rnminí    Wh¿,  sr, í power  to  ar-
range and re„ui<-te,  or even to sdl, menht  io be
one  to give s   ay?    Was "iieh  a d^ctr.re evu
broached before n th-  ho enalf century whiobhss '
preceded us under t' e Con tilution, and which h s  |
been rilled wi h conflr's of the m st astute ai d ab e |
minds o d'scov r grounds for broad eons ructions?  |
To di pose ot   properly or ?ppropriatc norey, rot
is douceurs or mere  gifts, but objects connc" "d
with the "general weifan,' have  bicn rin-idered  |
very latitudiiianan.    But the argument \nithal- I
lows you to give  away the whole  of our prmcely
domain, extending from the Atlantic to the Koiky |
M untan s, aid dentó the Pacficoce?"—io re
stow our w-nle navy—our numerous foruficaticns
— his vfry hall where wo deliberate—and these
to any a d evpry obj cf, however local,  narrow,
cr jixtioiiafj and to be applied, if any Sla'e chooses,
t)tic e   „i n't merejal—i  bounty  on  wolf
scalp,,  o    'ne    ¡ ost  paltry   mattei  ot  dome ' c
pohc , i a ras s   11 ihe restrictions in the Cors na-
tion,  fnu  d c'.res  open war v. ih  the Vi gima
platform oi '93     In hue, it goes as much fceyoi d
the doctrine ot ihe "gene.al welfare," is tba' gees
beyond the lirmt tion o    vinous <-pecifu  ov jcct>
enumera ed n the Const! u o i
If°eltiurn ',m that a son of Virgin"* — the
Commrn i.ai a tl at uas be etofi re tuupht so ma
ny victo i isfl'ii u favt r of s rkiroi'itructions
—shouM t a moment hive s enud >o jie'd ?ny
kind of assent to si rh a v^trse tinn Ilami trrian
heresy. He, tro, í> Eepnblican of ihe schiol of'98,
[Mr Archfr ] Why, sir, the whole discovery s
in the teeth ot t! e -on truct.cn by J ff rsoti and
Madison—ro emporancous £.s we I as thoi corti-
nu-=d for ha'f a centurv. It i■> !eath to e\er_? sa-
cred pn c ! Ie -dtA h to pt.tlic ' ifcty, pyfl z vir-
tue, pub k hbti , It i , i tn 'h, ion d d on an
entire rr si aki' as to t^e <bvious mra i it, oil'
word iiispcs—and i, t) ihe o1 ject of nat''<iue
mtheCoisii i io I uas mmi "stly ■ HTd «ed,
not to pppio^r a eor api 'i ""r J ipe'ty,but vie-
ly to regulate it   sa e an i r a.ia e- i(ni.
Tne uo'l dispv-e u^ua /i e^ns ' o ring-,"
or "to la'va r," or' to a' "¿li,' «■% "iru, ma has
dispo^"d of hi aouse '& Si erlon,Jou i ,,
arid We«.s <"•, &ip fu 1 «i J" definition-. 'Vvh t,
also, iS "a soand ana ' sirs; i. - i " n •> c.i -
tor, bjt-i mm'cap&t le 11 i akir^aju„i n.o  ii-
gliii? Any o ueient coils' >i non \ioiat o h>e -
''ary sigr ri .tii n tf '""? wo ds, a wel1 is comrf-ri
sense. Why v ul 1 a po •<-! b^ co'ife r d n Con-
gress to g re dway ill our ¡ropertj, bui not m
money? 'ih > clause, hk U au h i i y ta rn te i
toan agente^ ">n mcti/idual in srcie y to dtsjnse
of h s f im or of bis strek of < .H'li, in h" i
er's ab ence, is a power to >e!i ui i.i, and net
give t'nem aiay But, being 'Id, w^ai'hal be
done with the proced , denenda ill both ca-e', on
odierand distinct arrangemea «, pio/isio^s, or or-
ders In this rise the clause to di'posf of 'he la^iK,
&z is executed not by sivingtltm away, but by
selling them under the law* which form our beau-
tiful s stem of land sales, which has been m force
mere than a quarter of a century.
Under tht Jill, the mode of disposing of the
lands thems"ives. generally, is not attempted to be
changed Th y are still to be so'd to A, B, and
C, at public .ucm n a>40. puvat? entry, and not to
be given a«ay to them. Butafter being sold, like
any other priptrty, such as refute lumber or um-
ber, condsrrmed vessels, goeds forfened, &c. and
the proceeds pa d into the public Treasury, then
•his c'ause in ttw Constitution as to their disposal,
is executed, exhausted. After that, this bill under-"
takes to give a.iray the proceeds of those sales, but
with no ji re right or authority under that clause
than undei any other clause whatever. No, sir;
sucn a couv--e. would subvert the natural import of
the plainest Linguae . It must give the proceeds
away, if at all legally within and under the Con-
smution, ai i gives the half millions of acres to
nine of the Sutes by v rtue of ihe clauses, which
specify to what ibjecti the public money may be
applied; and it should exprés lv apply them or their
ti'-e, as is done wi'h that half millttn, to national
objects There is no other way legally of drawing
money from the Treasury, whicli is once in it.
There shoul' be no other. And let me tell my
friend ftom Virginia [Mr. Abcher] that every dol-
'af of ihii dis nbution—not like property grant-
ed, but like money voted—will bo entered on
the books of the Treasury among the general
revenues of the Government, and come out
of tl at Treasury constitutionally only by an appro-
priaucn, anil when paid out must and will be
c! nrged up as among the expenditures of the year.
a is, then, to be trea ul exactly like the money
collected in taxes. Tbeie is no powei m the Con-
sutuiion to treat the proceeds of property, or to
give away f-e proceeds of property differently from
the proceeds ot taxation.
What a miserable, wretched farce would it be to
attempt to crry into effect the contrary doctrins?
Then you could give away property, but not the
money which >vas used to purchase it. You could
collect money in taxes to buy other property to sup-
ply th" place of that given away, and this second
puicl -ise mi ht also begiven away, but the money
to buy it cou'd not be.
Am I, sir, in an American Senate, surrounded
by the amha sadors of twenty six povgreign S ates,
roanv o' them ex-judges, ex Governors, ex-Secre-
tar es, and con«c ip' face's for age and dignity—
am I (I orned to '.sten to such eleceptlve reasoning,
sucl< moran y' It is noi possible for us to sanction
a s stem o  pnltry evasion
Forb dden by the true rjntanwg of the word dis-
pose—forbidden by the design of the whole clau«e—
í irbtdden by sound logic, to mako a gift of
pioperiy, where you carnot make it of money,
what would oe the fatal consequences of such a
practice, and which tend with equal force to forbid
it?
Whj, s r, m tn s way the objects most abhorrent
to the 1 an r  of the Corstitutim, such as freedom
< f con w i e , and l oer y of the press, might bs
pla edin thsmis'i icniDent dnnger by giving away
pioperiy to any or oery purpose, without regard
to constuvHosal Umitati rs The property
mig tilo oi given to ihe mest pernicious
and dener uziiu* purros*s It might be given
u t.sfiblish part "ii ries-es—to elect churches, or
the i'rc—to turnish shoivs of wi d beas's, or gla-
diaior ai eoi iv? s, cr numphal piov-essions, as in
euj   of joi         1 tie whole coniiiiunity bpfsms
bnrajed, cormj el and pijstua'ed with their
o ■ n irorcy Bui ^eyend this, ihe public property
c > U t( g en to pauicilar favored classes,
i- he'* ei m-iri-fa' ture s and the rch, or to the des-
p la'e ard "eeity, pnl thus convert the Govern-
ir i it substi" why 'nto an oppressive moneyed
i ig^re.b , '' ale.ollmg <>rocious agrarmi .sm.
A s s gle other crn'-ideration in rt*pect to the re-
narks of sime Senators that Corgiess has been
■>ecusiomed to give a'?ay lands more liberally, or
on difierm'princptes, than r.oney, But if this
was so undtr impulses of feeling, or under the m-
ilaeiice ot e*ur ample le^ources in land, it cannot
alter a constitutional principle, which recognises
no distinctien in the power to sppropnate or give
away either propeity or money.
