Ü50
APPENDIX TO THE jCONGRÉSSIOKAt, GtOBE.
August, 1841.
27th. Cong. .. 1st Sbss.,
Public Lands--Mr. Woodbury.
Senaie.
went is; at this moment, almost insolvent—that
its debts are large, and that they, as well as its ex-
penses, are fearfully increasing? And is this a
time to part with all onr permanent and valuable
income? Is this a time for a self-styled Republi-
can r/> seeni to sneer like some Senators at eco-
nomy? To give away oar great means, not only
of making preparation, but of furnishing security
for necessary loans?
Why, sir, such a spendthrift course in an indi-
vidual, as to his private affairs, would subject him
in New England to be placed under guardianship,
and in the South, I apprehend that he would
hardly be saved from the insane hospital. We
must tear off the mask or be lost.
There is a deeper question still as to the time]
Are our forts not said to b3 dilapidated, and some
of them occupied only by bats and ow|£? Is our
navy not represented as rotfng down? Our na-
val steam baiten^s few and inefficient? and
an enemy almost thundtring at the gates of the
Capitol?
Never, no never, sir, can it be wise in such an
emergency, with such evil portents in every quar-
ter, to strip ourselves naked and defenceless, beore
a bold, ente: prtsirg, and bitter foe. Under a form
of Government, tU& -nosi difficult in ihe world, to
prepare seasonably ior war, we deliberately h>-
moveftou) it. ¡h- means already possessed for such
wi«e preparation. We refuse the wise motion of
theSenatoron my right [Mr.LiNN] to dedicate t.iese
lands to that impending necessity, and we do it,
as he eloquently described, when surrounded with
dangers on all sides, of almost every degree of
horror.
Toe burning of the Caroline, and the murder of
our citizens, are still in controversy; the North-
eastern boundary unsettled, and hanging like a
dark cloud over thatfrontier; the mouth of the Ore-
gon perhaps tobe foujhtfor; the confiscation of
our slaves in the Bermudas persisted in; our peace-
ful merchantmen ieized, and, wiih deep humilia-
tion to us, searched on the coast of Africa; Indian
massacre menaced on the Western frontier, and
a servile insurrection meditated by British fanati-
cism in the fair savannahs of the South. Yet this
is the crisis s-eizfdon, notonly to giveaway large re-
source?, but to give them for the avowed purpose
of being paid over to onr haughty enemies. Let
the States themselves faithfully perform their obit-
gaiions, ss they doubtless will in time to ah—
evento England. Bat let not us¡, who are under
no contract to advance this money, give it
away virtually to strengthen our foes—we v?ho
owe her nothing except reprisals or punish-
ment. It has long been quoted as an illustration
of Dutch cupidity, that gunpowder wa^ for gain
allowed to be sold during war to their enemies.
But in this we evince the Mill g.eater stupidity «f
virlually giving gunpowdtr to our enemies. We
furnish, too, by this distribution, at this ill-timed
and ill-starred moment, under a condition to be
suspended when actual war happens, a soit i.i
pledge to our enemie.% that however much we are
encroached on, however insulted, however dis-
honored, pesca is not hkaly to be interrupted by
the Slates or the people, as in that event the
distribution will be recalled. What a d.-gradir.g
policy? How derogatory the tendency? What a
moral for history !
But wiih ibese proceeds wisely devoted to prepa-
ration in peace for defence in war, an inland fron-
tier of five thousand *mlesin extent can be strength-
ened at the mobt exposed points,and armed frtemen
pn tect ihe rest wito. their baioneis. Ascacoastof
two thousand miles can be in time studded with
forts and batteries, and our populous marts of com-
merce, instead of being naked to the assaults of
invaders, stimulated by the prospect <f booty and
beauty, will re skill ully prolecied from conllsgra-
tion and pi L>ge.
One remaining view of the whole subject, and I
close.
All the biilliant expectations now formed of
this distribution, are proved lo be de-
lusive. The whole history and characler of
the measure shows that it has charged withm
the last fifteen years so as now to be vitally
different from what it was at first.    Those  indi-
viduals, therefor?, who formerly approved, could
now consistently oppose distribution. Tho^e States,
likewise, who have formed expectations of advan-
tage under different circumstances, and then de-
sired the distribution, might now properly resist it
as an"eventual injury. Theie bas been inattention
in some quarters to these essential differences. ■
Others have looked only to the dazzling lustre of a
large gift, without considering that in the present
exigency, it is adelud nsr appearance of generosity,
without being really beneficial to eilher the Gene-
ral Government, the States a* a whole, or the peo-
ple at large. This can be shown to a certainty,
almost equalling mathematical demonstration.
Anal)ze the mat'er a moment. Most assured-
ly the General Government can jpin. nothing
by the operation finally, but a character for stupi-
dity in relinquishing, when much needpd, a certain
and large source of income, and the odium of te-
sorting to higher taxes insiegd of it. It introduces,
also, into the finances, when derarped by a repeal
of the Sub-Treasury, aid a new system of large
loans, an element oí eisturitaaee, novel and wide-,
spread—a hazardous transfer of three millions of
distribution inio ihe different Sin'es, however re-
mote from the usual channels of commerce. How
much thi«, like ihe distribution in 1837, may help
to injuie the banking institutions snd derange the
exchanges, time only can determine.
Politically, the General Government be-
comes sMl more unfavorably affected by ac.ing in,
the menial character of a tax-collector for others.
And however its power may be thus fearfully en-
l iged,and in time abused, it loses mucn dignity—
it ceas s to te respeelrd, though dreaded, and
exchanges tranqtullilr, as well r,s esteem, for the
miseries which must eventually come of anaichy,
disunion, or lyranny.
In regard to the States, taken toge her, if the dis-
tribution be equal, and only a like sum is to be re-
turned to us m new taxes, they can sain nothing—
fit be unequal, as it is, we have treaied some wi h
gross partiality, andsomst with wicked it-justice. So
much for its fiscal effect on them generally. But if
a larger sum is to be returned, or rather collected
from their inhabitants, in consequence of ¡his dis-
tribution, as has been before demonstrated to be
the case, then an actual moneyed loss is infl.ded
on the Stales as a whole. All the S.'ates, too, mut.t
lose in. relative power wiih the Genera) Govern-
ment politically, all must feel humiliated by re-
ceiving a sort of aims, and ail mu-t, m time, sink
fiom proud sovereignties into little mote inri i de-
pendent provinces, or tributary counties. But it
may be allied, do not even the indebted Slates
gain something? Nota dollar, if the <i •¡■ribuiioo.
is equal, bec.au e ihey iceeive no laucr a propor-
tion of Ihe proceeds of the lands than the S'ales
not, indebted, and, as formerly '.xplatucd, they must
have collected from ¡bem under the t?riff, if pqual,
even a larger amount than thesu'n received. Huvv
can it, then, he accounted f¿r that these ii'deb'ed
SlHttsarear.xiousforthemea'UKt? Iansvyer,bec.":us.3
the las will hereafter be collected to that amount
by the G.^neial Government rsiher iha'i by the
States—tbut is the whnla adv.-.nage While, ¡to
counterbalance it, more is obliged lo be collected
from ¡heir citizens, and just offence is given to the
States r.ot indebted, that they are to be tax'd higher
when not in debt themselves, nor watting ih  pro-
ceed: themselves; but, fleeced as they are for ike
accommodation of other Stales, mere imptov: lent,
wasteful, and, in a lúcil view, less ¿(serving.
Even the others have often been deceived into ie-
soiutirrs and approvals favorable loa distnbuiiop,
under the fal.e notion that there is a spare surplus,
and that taxes need not be tailed lusher in conse-
quence of th? g'ft, aod. that the amtunt r>ceived
will be a vast relief in them in the discharge of
their indebtedness. The fallacy of these expecia-
t ons has already been made manifest, except the
las', which, if possible, will appear on examination
more utterly groundless and delusive than the
others. la fact, the indebted Stales do not procure
a dollar more towards paying their debts than is
raised by ihe tariff from their own cit zens, nor in-
deed so much. Again, the whole sum obtained by
this arrangement is a mere drop in the bucket to
help the indebted States to meet their obligations.
Thus, for example, half of the twenty-six States
owe the who!e debt, except about thirteen millions
of dollars. The sum they all owe at this tim« can-
not fall much thort of two hundred millions,,of
which this three mi lions' gift, if all going
to thatpurpose, would pay aboutone-sevemiethonly
of the principal, leaving sixty nine parts of it out
of seventy still to be raised by the S'ates them-
selves under their own taxation. What impotent
relief! What a mockery to those who have been
flattered with the fabe hopes that this distribution
was alone to save (hem from insolvency and ex-
tinguish the whole, or nearly ths whole of their
imprudent liabilities! Shame on such delu-
sions ! Not to dwell too long in e'etads, I
pass by many connected with this topic to say
that the single case of Pennsylvania may illus-
trate most fully the ineíliceney of this distribu-
tion, to exlricate from difficulty that class of
States?
[Hete Mr. Clay of Kentucky asked across the
Senaie chamber, What will you do with North
Carolina who owes nothing? Mr. W. replied, if
the gentleman will have patience a moment lon-
ger, I will show that the Stales no! indebted are
worse treated, and will fare wor..e, than those
which are indebted.]
Pennsylvania owes near forty millions. Her
annual interest cannot be much if mi y less than
two millions. Her share i:i the d stnbution, at
$10,000 for each electoral vote, will be about
§300,000. Ths would pay so li'tle of the principal as
to leave undischarged $39,700,000, and what ¡3 a
more just view, would leave, of the interest alone,
to be slid r jj>e<l from taxation and her other re-
sources, §1,700,000 yearlv, without extinguishing
then a single dollar of the immense forty million
principal. This is a sample of the whole. I
know, sir, that this gieat Keystone State
in politics is also able to develope her
immense resources and discharge punctu-
ally and honorably all her obligations. I
emertain as little doubt, that she is willing to
do it—is doing it, and will prove successfu1—even
the Keystone in her financial energies, as well as
in her politics. But it is demonstrable, that to
accomplish if, she must put her own shoulder to
ihe wheel and never rely on this deluding, paltry,
derogatory, beggarly, false charity of the distribu-
tion. If the value ot Slate stocks should be raised,
by it, the gain would Le ¡o Ihe holder, often a spe-
culator and. foreigner, and not to the States, unless
Ihey sell more, which is to be deorrca ed and pre-
vented rather than encouraged. Now, sir, a mo-
ment lo the States not indebted, including North
Carolina, and a reply to ihe question of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. Several ot that class, five or
six in number, owe noihing, and some so little that
the thirteen toge her are, as before remarked, indebt-
ed but thirteen millions m ¡he aggregate. They throw
106 elictorai votes, and hence would receive over
a million or one-third of the whoie distribu-
tion. Is this a blessing or a curse in d'sguise to
even them? Fir.t, ihey receive it when not need-
ed, to pay principal cr interest of their debts__
next tbey receive it when r.ot wanted, for
wciks of in'orntil improvement, or coloniza-
tion, or even education. Their of.tr resouices for
thsse purposes are arr.pic—or tney have no roads
or canals to make, which would be profitable, or
not involve ¡hem in fur'her and ruinous expendi-
ture, &nd many have no blacks to colonize.
Furthermore, if they bad all these things fo
be dose, they could more economically, by their
Mate system of tfxauon, collect this very million
of dollars, than havs it collected from them as it
is now to be by ihe General Government, wiih
<osls, commissions, mteiest, and o.her addition?—
and then only the naked sum, ha ided back as a
distribution—a gitt and a blessing—which they
themse'ves have been obliged to contribute from
ihe sweat of their own brows.
This, then, is the subtle Greek gift, ta be feared
most by them. Tnis your rel.ef—your Whig
relief ! The generous dealing with the Stales
not indebted is, to give them not a single
dollar, but what is extracted fiom them again in
taxes--ia most cases to collect even more—to sub-
ject many of them to this taxation, when they do
