August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cono-•••1st Sbss.
251
Tariff Bill—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
not need lhe proceeds'of it; to force thern often
into wasteful extravagance with it, and cause still
further taxation to meet it, or, if loaned out for
profit, to become brokers, and lend it to large cor-
poration?; or, if distributed per capita, to promote
dissipation and waste in those receiving- it, as if it
was some gambling, loitery, or other chance wind-
fall, which is usually most pernicious and imm-iral
in its operation. But there are, sir, back of all these,
some considerations affecting injuriously both the
indebted and non-indebted States. By changing
the system of taxation from one chiefly direct to
one indirect, and by throwing the collection of it to
a distance on the General Government, instead of
bringing it home by State officers to their own
doors, openly "eating up their substance;" the
Siates, in appearance, feel the tax le?s,
while their citizens, in truth, pay more. The
States- are tempted, not only, in fact, to increase
the public burdens in this way, but to embark in
additional enterprises, larger expenditmes, and to
conduct their whole finances in a more profuse and
even prodigal manner. Bfside this, and over all
this, a greater portion of the tax is thus
wrung from the consuming S'ates, that do not ma-
nufacture, and a greater banefit conferred on other
States that do.
In every way, then, as regards the ¡Slate in their
separate State capacities—the distribution is a rte-
lusion to all—unequal and unjust to many—really
beneficial to none; and fiscally, as well ai politi-
cally, to the whole, most pernicious in its ten-
dencies.
But when we turn a moment to the people as
individuals, and without refeience to their Govern-
ments, whether Stat« or Federal, the operation of
this measure is oppressive in the extreme.
Beside i's general tendency to relieve property or
capital from taxation, as admitted by th" Senator
before me, [Mr. Arcssr,] and thus to relieve the
rich who own it, and who losst need rehef as a
class—besides its temptation to make more expen-
diture and debt, which aid the same cla s, ai.d to
assist the foreign and domestic fundhoMer, who,
often bought in on speculation, and undeservedly,
has got a new security to the small extent of ihe
amount paid over by us to the indebted States; [and
who are, in truth, the only persons aided by it, ex-
cept jobbers in politic , as well as in stocks,] the
change which it forces in the tariff', operates on a
vast majority rf the communi'y, with a most de-
structive partiality.
Thus for a single example, which will come home
in its details to the business and bosoms cf all. In
consequence of giving away by 'his distribution
three millions of the proceeds o,"- the public land?,
it is proposed to reduce the duties on no neces-
saries of life, but among other other things to raise
them tweniy per cent. <, n tea and ccif.-e.
Now, fir, this last will yield, on onravorage con-
sumption, only about two millions, and n; t, as mis-
apprehended by many, nearly three millions. The
duties on salt and molasses ate now abent one and
a half milliins, and in 18-Í2, when at twenty per
cent, will not much, if any, exceed one million.
Hence it follows, that both salt and moiasses
might be made free, and coffe - and tea left tree, if
we did not give away this toree million*, ,md in
consequence of it r/quire the high tax of twenty
per csnt. to fc"1 retailed on salt and molasses, and
as high an one t3 be imposed anew on tea and
coffee. Hence, sir,'\ou seethe first bitter fruits
to the middling and poorer c'as.:ei over the Hio'e
country, of this boasted benevolent distribution—
a tax on four of their greatest necessaries, quite
three millions in amount, which might otherwise
be entirely free.
But this is not the worst feature in the oppres-
sion thus caused to the farming interest—me-
chanics with small estates, and hit, though net
least, to the mere laboring classes of every kind of
workmen. They, all tegeiher, constitute much of
theboreand muscle of the community; and not oi.ly
the physical power, but much of the sound iwel-
lect, the useful intell gence, the soul, the morals,
the jndn try, and life-blood of society. It becomes
virtually an abhorrent poll tax on these classes
for a large portion of this unnecessary burthen.
This  is   not  a popular tirade.   To   prove by
facts, and to see ourselves how they arc treated
by this change in the system of collecting three
millions by the tariff, instead of the States—a
change so much lauded by the Senator from Vir-
ginia—let us examine a single computation.
Take my own State, and which in this respect may
be a fair sample, not only for the in'erior of the
East, but of the whole Union. The population of
New Hampshire is a little less thin 300 000, pay-
ing a State, county, pauper, and school tax, of not
over $300,000, or a dollar per head. Of this, a
small farmer, wiih a family of five children,
making seven, th« average number of a family,
would not generally pay over five dollars; because
our system, as that of other S'ates, is to collect
taxes chiefly from capital, valuable houses and
lands, from stock in tiade, money at interest, bank
shares, horses, &c. In this condition of things
the distribution is made, and New Hampshire,
with her present electoral vote, wouid receive
$70,000. If this amount was then to be supplied,
aj it must be, by ¡axes, and those collected under
our State system, rather than by the proposed re-
sort to the uriff, the farmer and his family of seven
would pay only p 16 more. But by an increased
duty of twenty per cent, on tea and coffee alone,
which equals only two millions, and hence would,
or should,Jo be equal, impose on New Hampshire
only two-thirds of the §70,000, he has to pay about
$1 77 instead of $1 16, being an addition or loss
to e?.ch farmer of more than fifty percent. Thus,
on a pound and a Iralf of tea, tUe aveiagc consump-
tion per head, it;; nine c- nts, which for seven per-
sons is sixty-three cents. On six pounes of coffee per
head, at two cf nts a pound, is twelve cent?, and tor
seven perrons 84. These alone make §1 47. Add
to these the assessment above twenty per cent,
for hone valuation, the íccreatrd priee for cash
duties, and the pre fits of the intermediate dealers
on those, and the duty, and they constitute, on the
whole, a higher charge yearly to each farmer, by
at least thiny cents more. This would make $1 77
paid to ia;se only two-thirds the amount, instead
of $1 16 paid under a State tax to raioe trie whoie.
TnUjg it i< manifest that he pays in this way
sixty-ore cents mora on ¡bese articles alone, or
above fifty per cent. rr.ore, than he would under
the State taxes; and beside all this, is continued
to be subjected to twenty per cent, taxes on all his
salt and molasses, that might otherwise be free.
But take the class of laborers and artisans, who
pay merely a poll tax, or Mat and a cow or small
house and garden, which might make then whole
S ate taxation, with a family of seven, not ex-
ceed a dollar or a dolUr and a qi-arter. Thir
classdrink as much ct.iiee aid tea, usual'y, a; the
farmer himself, and their additional tax on them
would b«j near $1 77, while the iticiease of the
State tax, to riise a like sum, wouid not be over
twenty-five or thirty cents—making a discrimina-
tion against that wtioie class, i.f equal to six or se-
ven hundred per cent, and making them use taxed
salt and taxed molasses-, daily and hourly taxed ne-
cessaries instead of free ones.
These two great classes of people, thus o¡pre>sed
by such a system, constitute more than oae-salf of
the population ot most of the States—And while
we both lower and rai^e the tariff to benefit
wealthy capitalists engaged in roanufacurers — m.t
one to ten so numerous as agriculturists—while
we change the system of taxation avowedly to re-
lieve property and the rich—we do this at the ex-
pense of the more necessitous, arid of the great
masses. Tnus we mieily neglect the gieste-t gr od
(if the greatest number. The. extent of the ine-
quality" and outrage can hardly be comprehended,
sir. till you consider, tint if only half of the popu-
lation of the United States consist of tnese clas-.es,
and if thev suffer by th.s unpist discnmi'ia'ion,
only three-fou'ths of a dollar to each fami'v of
seven, it must be a loss yearly to them of neaiiy a
million of dollars.
What a wretched cheat, as well as rank oppres-
sion, mtut the whole measure, hen, prove to be in
practice to the people at laige! In this age if
the schoolmaster abroad, and the great power
of the press, do you expect them to be blind
as well as deaf, and tenseless to such injustice? No,
sir.   An act like this may be ¡.asstd  under im-
pulses—it may answer a temporary end, if adopt-
ed, to advance the interests of unscrupulous dema-
gogues, and political jobbers as well as stockjob-
bers. But surely it will deprave, degrade, and de-
fraud all connected with the miserable delusion.
Surely the sound staiesman, as well as the virtuous
yeomanry of the country, will, when fully possesfed
of all the facts and principles advérselo it adop-
tion, lament and deprecate a measure &o pregnant
with evil.
I may have failed tu collect and present the
most important of those facts and principles, so as
now io produce such a conviction. Certainly I
have not such confidence in my success as to anti-
cipate a rejection of this bill, unless gentlemen op-
posite will condescend to examine farther for
ihemv-elves, and postpone a final decision till they
can coolly and conscientiously revise previous
impressions. If they, however, will neither delay
the measure nor reject it, I am not without some
faint hope it may never become a law of the land.
Theie is another high tribunal under the Constitu-
tion, whose ordeal it must pass. From the past
; cenes of this ses :on, where ihe President, under a
fearful responsibility, has exhibited the lofty,
moral sublimity of preferring duty to party, ani
has, by his example, recalled to memory some of
the best days of either modern or ancient repub-
lics, I sxpect at least a full and fair consideration
of the mensure, I neither ask nor wish from the
President any sacrifices of principle on this or any
other meamre. But I do trust that he will con-
sider the ffubstiince more than the form of the pre-
sent aci; and if. as a Senator, he voted against the
similar bill of 1832, at a time when there was a
sniplus existing or anticipated, rather than, as now,
a deficiency, and a resort to additional taxes ren-
dered indispensable, a-id at a time when it was ad-
mitted by friends oí the measure that a bill in
this f^rm, and under present circumstances, would
be without constitutional sanction, he must now,
as President, certainly hesitate, if looking to con-
sistency, as well as constitutional duty.
He must see also great doubts in collecting mo-
n"y I v one ratio under the Constitution, and in
distributing it by another, and in conforming
neither to the idea of a debt or trust due to the
Slates, nor to any rule of specific appropriation of
this money a3 a gift or grait, but rather make it
to aid in the discharge or assumption of State
debts, or some other otjeets, which cannot,
by possibility, c.me within í,r¡y fair constitutional
power over these delicate and highly responsible
maticrs.
But, no more of this. If ail here fails, there
is still another power—another tribunal, above
either Senates or Presidents, which I trust in God
will set every thins right. This bill cannot go into
actual operation till next year. In the mean time,
and before the leprosy of corruption can penetrate
and taint the body politic, the people may get
li>>b.t, more full and unclouded. The blue sky of
h«pe is gleaming oat m various quarters. Let
discussion and examination—rea-on and justice—
afenseof equal rights among bll the members of
the Union, and all classes of the community, be
roused and electrify ihe whole. Then repeal will
be invoked in a voice wide, deep, and irresistible.
No difficulty in the way can arise as to vest
eá rights or violated compacts. Tne whole matter
is public in its origin, public in it.; progress, public
in its ends.
Let the great conservative power in our system
then be honestly and faithfully appealed to, and
a repeal, will, in my apprehesiSioti, became ascer-
tain by the fia*, ot the people, as are the move-
men's of that omnipotent Provid-nc, which con-
trols not only the planetary system, but all human
designs.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
fn Striate, August 31, 1841—On ihe motion to in-
clude tea and coffee in 'he list of free articles.
Mr. WOODBURY saw it was of no consequence
to him, who made the mniioa to have these articles
considered free. It that d- sirable object could only
be obtained, it was all he wished. The Senator
from North Carolina could now presenthis reasons
