54 _                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.     ____________June^im.
-¿£r« Comg....1st Sbss.                                .  Case of McLeod—Mr. Huntington.                     ______________________^^Í!l_
1, The nghtof every independent, acknowledged
Government, as between itself and other Govern-
, ments, to require of its own citizens the perform-
ance of acts deemed by it necessary or proper to
promote or protect its real or supposed rights or in-
terests. This right grows out of i's recognised and,
admitted independence and sovereignly. It must
jpdge for itself what its own honor orintcresti re-
quire, subject to a just accountability to other na-
' Uons who may be affecied by its acts. If those
acts are justifiable as against the whole world, ihen
. it has violated no law; if unjustifiable, the Jaw
which has been violated is the law of nations,
which provides the redress the injured nation may
seek. Bat whether the acts required to be done
are, mreipect 10other nations, lawful or unlawfu1;
whether they are justifiable or not in the view of
the law of nations, are inquiries which the citizen
upon whom the requisition is made, answers only
to his own Government. With such questions, so
far as they relate to theduty of a citizen actmg un-
der the authority and by order of his Government,
as a part of a military force, other Governments
cannot intermeddle. In respect to him and foreign
Governments, the authority to make the requisition
is complete. IÍ it were not so, every Government
whose rights were ínvadei would be at liberty to
judge as to the duty which the citizens of other
Governments owe to their own supreme authority.
Each would have the right to determine for another
independent Government the extent of 11s power
over its own citizens; and so there would be prac-
tically an end of the sovertienty of every Stale;
and, following out the doctrine to its legitimate re-
sults, it would empower any Government who
should be in open, solemn war wiih another, to re-
gard and treat (if it (o pleased) all whom it took
in arms as trespassers, wrong doers, and malefac-
tors, and subject them to the rules of municipal
law, and to the ordinary tribunals of justice: for if
the nation invaded can look beyond the nation in-
vading, and treat individuals ;- private trespass-
ers, tbey can c'o it in all cases, whether that 0/ an
isolated act of force, or that of an imperltet wjr,
or that of a solemn war pr-ceded by a deelara'ion
of hostilities. They can try as criminals all priso-
ners of war, and, if found guilty, execute them as
private malefactors. Such a doctrine would be as
abhorrent to sound reason as it is opposed to all
authority. It follows then necessarily, trom these
considerations, that 11 a military force i« ordered to
be organized by a legitimate, acknowledged Go-
vernment, lor the avowed purpose of enforcing rs
real or supposed ngli s against another nation, that
Government (so (ara. all oiher G ivernment aie
concerned) can require oí ns citizens that they or-
ganize for ¡-urn purpo<es, an I engigein the ob-
jects of  uch organization. This is ¡he right of the
Government
2. The corresponding duty of obedience by the
citizen follows from the light of his Government to
require obedience. Other nations cannot inquire
whether the cit zen 1  under an obligation to obey
the order of bis own Government, or Wiethe' he
could be lawfully required to aid in the perform-
ance of the ac's d-manded of him. They must
treat his- pirticipatton m them as a duty he owes 10
h>s Gover; ment. lie m.iy or he may not .stand ex-
cused to his own Government ¡or disobedience;
but as 11 regards all others, it he penorms. ih  re.
quired acts, he does no more than what his duly
to aid his own coantry requires and justifies. Tms
duly or right to engage in these act. follows fiotn
the command oí his Government, which he must
obey. If, then, an aimed force is directed by one
nailon to bs r<<is."d to a 'i upon another nation, ihe
eitizers of the former pre under obligation, so far
as all for-"';a nations are co 'cerned, to becom > a
part of such fo'^e, a  1 to enj^ge in 'he objects tor
which they ara oigai. z^d. To is is the duly of the
citizens.
From these two pi ineiples the following infe-
rence or concld'I N ¡s drawn, as feeing necessary,
inevitable, and just, viz: that such citizens, form-
ing a part of such an organ'zed force, and acting
under such national authority, cannot be held to
answer for their acts, performed under that autho-
rity, as private wrong-doers or malefactors. Such
result follows from the admitted principle of the
r'ght of the Government to exact obedience, and
tie corresponding duty of the citizen. 10 yield it.
The performance of the act is demanded of him by
lawful aumority, and obedience becomes a duty,
the discharge of which never can or ought to make
him liable as a trespasser, who commits a wrongful
act of his own free will, and upon his own respon-
sibility. Indeed, if this- be not a just inference,
these two consequences would ensue, both of which
would be redadiated by the common understanding,
justice, and law  of all civilized nations. One is,
that whenever one Government employs force in-
support of its pretensions against another, the latter
may judge for itself as to the right to use that force,
in respect to the citizens of the former, and treat
them as personally or individually responsible for
the acts of their Government—a doctrine which
finds no support from reason or from any writer on
the law of nations. Tli- second is, that the citizens
of one nation, required by us authority to engage
in hostile acts against another, would be Hablo to
be punished, perhaps put to death, for refusing to
obey the order of their own Government, if tbey
declined obedience; or if they should obey nnd be
taken in arm* by the Government against whom
they were employed, the latter Government would
be at liberty to execute them as malefactors. So
that, whether they obeyed the call of thiir country,
and engaged in acts of force, or refused obedience
to the requisition made upon them, they would be
equally exposed to the punishment oí deaih, from
which ihey could not escape, except through the
clemency of the nation who should have them in
their power. It surely cannot be the law of nations
that such can be the po-ition iu which any citizen
can lawfully be placed. So far from it, that law,
while it holds Ihe invading nation to a just respon-
sibility for its unlawful acts, exempts from indi-
vidual responsibility, as private wrong-doers, her
armed citizens composing a military force from the
consequences oí the acts done under her authority,
and by her direction.
The point now under consideration may be view-
ed in another aspect, which, it is believed, will
evince that the opinions expressed by the Govern-
ment of the United Slates are founded on the high-
est reason. The act of the Queen's Government
which authorized the transaction in which LcLeod
was engaged, made that transaction a national one,
and therefore the attack on the Caroline is consi-
dered as an act of that Government, when is re-
sarded by us as an unjustifiable invasion in time of
peace of our tern'ory, and a direct infringement of
our national sovereignty, and, as tuch, one which
may justify reprisals, or even «encral war, if the
Government of the TJniied Sta'es, in the judgment
which it ¡.ball form or the tran-act on, and of its
own duty, should ice fit, or think proper to
decid;. And if it be s nnd doctrine, by what
ri^ht cin we treat the subjects of Great Britain
engased this interference, who may have fallen in-
to our h >nds, as trespassers, or liable to indictment?
If the transaction be one which may ju*!ly be treat-
ed by us an act of open hostility, those who were
employed m it were open enemies; thev were en-
gaged in an act equivalent to an act of war; they
vere acting in hou le movements under competent
authority; and whether it be an isolated act of war,
or preceded by a demand for reparation, or a public
declaration of war, the mmvidual responsibility is
merged. The rules of international law apply.
The community which orders the act is alone the
responsible party, and every view of the subject
wh'ch urges the personal responsibility of McLeod,
m effect exonerates the Government of Great
Britain fioro all blame, and. although she volunta-
rily assumes the responsibility, very kindly absolves
her froin it, against her wi<l.
Ii connection with ihe pi feeding view of the snb-
¡°c\ it may be a'Mtd, that the question of the right
to enter upon our teaitory 13 a public question. It
arises between independent nations. Theindividuals
concern^ in it are mere agents, and the principals
are the two Governments. It is not, for the pre-
sent purpose, material to inquire in whose favor
this question ought to be decided. As to tht citi-
zen? encaged in it, they are the mere instruments;
and if they can be made subject to municipal law,
the question ceases to be a public and political one.
It then becomes a mere private matter between
the Government invaded and the persons invadmg,*
and thus every invasion by an independent Go-
vernment may be treated as authorized, or entirely
lawless, at th  option of the invaded State, and the
actors in it treated as prisoners of war, for as pirates, ¡
robbers, or murderei , as may seem- best to the
Government who has taken them. It surely can-
not be necessary to add that such a principle is as
unjust as it is unsupported by authority.
Such are the grounds oa which the doctrines set
forth in the documents referred to rest. It it> be-
lieved that they are solid, and cannot be shaken.
It is believed, also, that the opposite doctrines
would tend greatly to increase the evils of war, and
introduce again practices which have been long ex-
ploded as unjust and barbarous by the whole fami-
ly of civilized nations. If personal liability of
offi^era and soldiers 1;. enforced in th . courts of law
for acts done under national authority; if tbey are
to be heated as criminals, and punished as such;
and especially, if this can be lawfully done by the
authority of a Slate Government, which is irre-
sponsible to the foreign. Government, and wuhout
the power of declaring war or making peace, then
shall we be driven back to the practices of ihe most
barbarous nations, and the ameliorated code of in-
nalional law cease to exist.
A reference to the analogies and authorities bear-
ing upon the point now  under consideration  will
finish what I have to say upon it.   To constitute
piracy, the depredation must be committed without
the authonzuion of  any   lawful   acknowledged
sovereign.    Therefere, it is said, whether one be a
pirate or not, depends upon the fact whether he has
or has not a commission to cruise; Bynkershoeck,
chap. 17.    If he acts under lawful authority, the
act done in pursuance of it is not piracy.   So also
in relation to reprisals, which are a means of re-
dress, to be used only in case of a denial of justice.
They are an authorization granted by a sovereign,
to take the persons and goods of another prince for
a*j injury committed noon his subjects, for which
justice has been denied by  the sovereign of the
offending party, and general or special.   It is. only
the 'awful authority under  which   the   acts are
done  that relieves  triem   from   the  charge  and
puni-hm >u   of  piracy.     If such   authority ex-
ists,   wi.l   it  be claimed   that   the   individuals
acting   under  it   can   be    punished   as   male-
factors?    It has been urged that a supposed distinc-
tion between acts done in a state of war and in a   *
stafe ol pete" has not been sufficiently attended to.
Bjt is  it necesf-ary, to exonera'e individuals from
peí ,on,i¡  responsibility, when acting as part of a
rmh'arv force  under  ihe ordes oí   an acknow-
1 dged Government, that war should have been de-
clared, or hostilities have been commenced, previ-
o'.s to the acts complained oil   Let me  answer
fhe«¡e   questions by   another   inquiry.     Suppose
McLeod bad been tried on the 221 of March, and
found guilty, and sentence of  death had   been
passed upon him, and he had been executed; and
lrnm-dutely upon  this being known by the com-
manders  of the Brtlish  squadrons on  the West
India and Halifax stations, thev had entered, wirh.
their squadrons, the port of New York, and at-
tempted to burn and destroy that city, acting under
the or,!ero cf the dueen's Governmen*, and they
had been captured, would the officers, sailors, and
marines have been liable to be tried as murderers
or robbers, and executed?   And yet, in such case,
there could have been no demand for redress, and
no declaration  of war.    It would have been an
isolated act of hostility.   The direct authorities
bearing upon the rule of public law have bpen re-
ferred to  by the Senators from Virginia and Mas-
¡ sachuse-tts.   Theie are some wiitch I will merely
cit , but not read.   Vauel, 223, 359, 383, 444.
Rutherforth, b. 2, c. 9, s. IS.    Bynkershoeck, 137,
134, 135.   Pu,flendt.rf,  52.    Ths authority read
from VaiH, supposed to be opposed to the doc-
trine admitted by  the   Secretary of State,   has
been commented on by other gentlemen.    I will
not refer to it, except to say, that it seems to be
quite evident that it sustains rather than opposes
that doctrine.    A single quotation from Ruther-
forth, which I think very much in point, is all which     j
1 shall read.                                                                  i
