ffnne, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
27th Con&""1st Sfss.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Huntington.
Senate
"The member of a civil society are obliged in general, and
those membars that have eng gel themselves m the military
service of it are obliged in particular, to take up arms and
fight lor it, at the command ol the constitutional governors, m
the defence and support of its rights against its enemies from
Without The consent by wh ch the sut)|ects in general, or the
s ddiery in particular lay themselves under these obligations is
the only tctthat-an, by the law of nan -is be looked upon as a
personal ac, of the individual who btai arms In consequence
of the^general c >nsc t of mankind to c nsider nations as col
lective persons whatsoei ei lsdone by ihe members of a nation
at the cimmtnd < f (he public or of the constitutional governors,
who speak the sense o1* the pubia, is the ac of the nation, and
if the acus unjiisi the guilt in the vi w of the law of nations
is chargeable upon the nation, and no upon the Individ il
members " 'And if he was to fight as an independent indi
vidual, at his ow i choice and noon his own mo ion th se
again ' whom he fights might lot k upon the act of beaimg
arms against them m such a wai as a personal crime But
when they, with all mankind, have agreed to consider me seve
ral members of a c vil so íety only as pans of a collective
person thatact under the di e f ion of the common will of such
collective person h iwevei inexcusable a man who fights
against them might b*1, m the view of his own conscience, or of
the law of Na ure, which coi sidets him as an individual
they cannot eonss, tly with toe law of na ions charge him
with having been guilty ni i j er^ nil crime merely on a count
of his having fougbtaaam then' ' The law of Nature ap
plied to individual pels is would make it a crime nototilvm
the view of c nscienee b it hkew se m the view of mankind to
flghtlnan unju I w<-r But when mankind ha\e aeieel to
keep mdivi halsouf of sight asltweie andtoapply th s aw
only to col'ect ve pi sous, theycanot cnnsis ently wi h tins
agieement charge the ¡ ar s of these o leruve peis ns with
any separate gmU f r what is dine under the direc ion oí the
common ot c illec ive will " ' In the less solemn kinds fwar,
what the me i bei do who act u ¡et the particu ar direction
and authoiity of fhelrnati n, is bythelawof nations ro pel
sonal crime in i íem they cannot iherefiie be puni&hed, cm
eistently with thi law, for any act in wh i hit considers tl em
only as the n  i uments and the nati n as theu<*ent "
la waat 1 ha^e said on the geneial subject of
Ihe rule of international law, it has been very fai
fsom my m enu-,n to intimate that th  British Go
vernment is not to be heid responsible for the un-
lawful act commit ed by lis authontj, on ihe con-
trary, I hive said, and I repeat, that I do not be-
lieve any m-cecs ty existed for the destruction of
the Cart line which can he justified upon any rulas
of national law If such necesst'y did exis , it is
for ihe British Government to show it So far as
is now known, 1 think the opinio s heretofore ex-
pressed by this Government in regard to the real
nature of the transaction, viewing it a-, a most ur-
lusufiable invasion in time ot peace of th" territory
of the United States are correct Thes° matter 
however, are now before .he two Government .
Tne views of tnis m relation to them are known to
that of Ergland, and an answer fiom the latter is
expected With ihe>e rustlers the que t on a^ i0
the exempuon of McLeoJ fiom o*rsonal responsi-
bility in not necs^ i!y connec ed Tfe totter is a
point depending upon the ru'es of public 1 iw, as
appl'ed to mdeponlent nation--; and while ihe
avowal of the act as a na íonal act may shield the
individual iro n persr-al liability, me nation au-
thoriz ng it will be h Id io a ju t le ponsibility.
Having *aid   .>H   wnich  I   deem it ikc ss^ty *o
say on the qu^Uon o> public !• , I pnce d to consi-
der the othor topic, wh e,h if c senator from P nn jl
vania in rc^uc   , ?ndoM Uhúi oestoare I much
atieruoa.    Í lei-r to  the  chaigc   or   com, laint
against tb° Secretar, of St t<> ¡or acing, in r, fe-
rence to tb's co -=spouoenct, 11 a nanne'  not cie
ditable  *o  the Am ncan cbiiac'er, ano1 ior not
manifesting <■ il   iea> energy an 1 Amm can   pint
Tnis, if it  be   welt   founded,   is no venial i harpe
I'is cne  stun >ffecs  m«r   «ho  hv e dope   me
coun'r/ so'/ia «en-tice,  and wros  reputitun and
chprae'er a^e  toe preperty ot ihe  ni'ion     I pro
pose to examine the npture ¡>nd just ct of this rom-
píalo , and Í  th ns.  it  til'  appe r to  be whollv
without foasdauon     The St at r cui'd excuse
ihe Secretary of S at" f r ihe ninoi rffence il ad
«lining,   m Wor of Great Bnta -,  a  ormepe
wh ch had no  foundatien n toe   aw of na'on
Th s commr'd with th" c in   1. nt 'o be coiwj r-
ed, was, be sail, "a sr. a'l affair," and that he felt
const? iied as a S=naior tf the Unite 1 Sta es, trom
a proper  rer>ard to ihe American etmact>r,  to
comment upon me corresp ndence of the Secretary,
pvtuuUrlv the instructions to the Attorney Gene-
ral.   Toe Executive Adm ms'ration is condemned
by him, both in respect to the tone and spirit of
the rep y to M'  Pox, and ior its 'interference with
the local authorities of the Siate of New York,
through the agfney of Mr. Cntten len.    Several
particulars are   mentioned under   these   general
heads of complaint. Before referring to them, I would
take leave to ask the Senator what would he and
his friends have done in the circumstances m which
the Administration was placed when these docu-
ments were written? If they had been in power,
would they have folded their aims, and said and
done nothing Or, in reply to Mr Fox, have said,
McLeod   m the custody (f the law, we cannot
and will not interfere, he has been taken within
our limits, and, if guilly, ought to be hung as a
murderer' Would they have stood justified to the
nation if such had been tie course of action, and
war hal ensu°d upon the condemnation and exe-
cution of McLeod? If the President has acted un-
wind" and in a manner not creditable to the Ame-
rican charae'er, by lea^on of the want of energy
and ^p rit, what shook he have donf ? It is easier
to find ííult wuh an act which has b ei done than
to point out what should have been iK substitute
A^á I shotdd De pleased to hear thf Senator's
views as to the duty which was imposed upon the
Arnfican Go ernment after receiving the despatch
from Mr Fi x, and ihe reply which should have
been made to it, and the probable results of such
replv.
But the Senate ssr.s there was a greit panic got
up il England, which ex ended to tin1' cc ntry, so
grt?i th it apart c  t ic American ^quad on in  the
Mediterranean retained t^ome     And  from  this I
suppo e it i-- to be inferred thit, under  the influ-
ence of th s panic, c "cessions  were  mide  as to
principles of oi blic law, and a spirit of fear maní
ft-Med not creditab'e to  the  American   cnaracfr.
If ther  were  any spch  pan c m Eng'and,  it !S
quite dear e>it it ooul 1 not nave h°d i s origin in
any act or dpcKratior of the  present  Administra-
tion.    It innst hive proceded from causes existing
before the 4 h of March last, and for it this Admi
nistr dion are not responsible,   Perhaps too the
agitation wh ch <?rew out of this affair of McLeod
at the lime retí Ted to m"y  have arisen from  an
unbounded aoo'chension that what was considered
a well-settled principle of international law might
fail of bem<* enforced, but for this, none connected
with the Executive could be responsible     As to
any panic h   p since ihe 4th  of March, tt  is  the
firtiii imati p I hav htard even of lis existence,
and  t will reqm,every strong proof to convince
the peopl" of this country that Ihe deceased Presi-
dent or his successor, or any of his Cabinrt, parti-
c pated m it, if it did  exist    Indeed,  when  their
p breedings a<-e examined wi.h reftrence to ihe at-
tending cticumstanee1-, ('o which I shall refer here-
af er,) it wil' b   quite ob/nusthat, so fjrfiom be-
ing under ihe si ¿i  est "-fu'nc oí an  unrea'0Ta-
ble apprehei sion < f hostili íes   the Executive  Ad-
min stration took hi h in i c< mmandipg ground in
support of American ugh s and honor, and while
lb y re ide ed jasti e to Gre&' Bnlatn, upheld in a
nptiiy and riti otic ton   the righ's oc ll eii  own
cjmntrv     As to the return of the Bran lywine, we
are ^ri r nea by the Secreti t* of ihe Navy   that it
reqare~s n~     xpUraiou     Fr m despatches >~cn
to ihe Otpaau "nt by Cdpt  Bolton, of that ship  it
apnea s 'ha*  'b« gierit cxcit'ment pr?va 'ing in
EaglTi. 1 indue-   oui M m ter a  thit Cooit lo fd-
d ess, a comí  Li icat on to  C&rrmo'ore Hull, ihe
\< o'it-r   i i ioidti"li   United Sains paval  orces
ir> tHp'Mee'te !-«r    o    he rp I    of w . ch was, tht*
the stuihon rh      ivii " at VTihon l-*"' ti"  statu n
with a    cv t > g'   iiil o   ihai  s   ,  as   rlain ihe
irne   aic of m %  bt   tep i the Un ed States and
Great Pi  ail, a< l eilh'r res une their station   or
rf n r¡ H i   " a^cotJ nss;  'o tht   result     Wha'ever
of bla pc ( f  <r >) a' iches to t e «udr'en return ot
th  f" g *   (0   '-l   Hores, it rurely carnot be ](«¡My
r -rafaDle to f^p'   'nt Ade?>iii-tration    When-
°v I th" p oceMi   gs cennicted  with   this  subject
are brought before th  raohc, it will  se trend, I
think, aPhongh  I   do  rot speak auf-on a i el),
tha' her depir aedim brr  ta'uin and he¡  retí rn
home we e the result o coin ,un cations made by
our Muisier at ihe Court of 3t J<mes, anj which
possib'y may have b°en predicated upon a  report
made at th  last session to the House of Repre en
tatives by one of it* committees, and which I will
not stop io character ze     For neither of these pro
ductions does any responsibility rest upon  those
who ar  now at the head of the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government.   They proceeded from
the friends and supporters of the late Administra-
tion, and if they had the effect to produce a great
exc lemen' among the people of England, and to
cause our armed vessels to leave their stations,
and the commerce of the country there unprotect-
ed, the consequences belong to the authors of the
mischief, and not to those v. ho had no agency m
the transaction
Another ground of comphmt against the Secre-
tary of State is, that he took no nonce of what lije
S-nator is pleased to call a threat by Mr  Fox m
his note to Mr Webster, and which, as soon as he
lead  it, led  him lo resolve  to  bring it before tha
Senate     The objectionable language  is, after re-
peating the demand for the release of  McLeod,
upon the grounds and  for the reasons previously
s atcd,   'and her Majesty'  Government entreat the
Pre llent of the Uri'ed States to take into his most
deliberate rons'deration thi? se'iou? nature of the
consequences which must en--ue ¡rom a rejection of
this demand1*"    If this be the language of menace,
it is not more so man is often used towards the
most sensitive nations and public functionaries,
and u mch has not been thought to require animad-
version, or f ven notice.   My friend trom Virginia
fMr Rives] stated to the Senate that while holding
the highly honorable and responsible trust of Minis-
ter at a foreign Court rematkable for its high sense
of honor, which would   be   peculiarly sensitive
¡«hould there be ihe most remete allusion to a threat
or menace, he deemed it his duty to use language
strong and decided, but courteous and respectful,
and a> open to Ihe objection of menace as that of
Mr Tox, but it wjs not cons dered offensive, and
not trea'ed as approximating to a ihmat    So, also,
similar language was used by Mr Fox, in his pre-
vious correspondence with Mr. Forsyth, which did
not, so far as I know, excite any particular sensi-
bility     It is to be lemembered, also, that the words
oí the British Minister are to be taken in connec-
tion with those which preceded, and it does not ne-
ces'-an'y follow that any thing more was intended
than to call the attention of the President to what
might be the result (other than war) of denying a
pnncip'e of international law, believed by his Go.  .
vernment to be well established and reasonable.
Upon tne application  of this principle to the case
ot McLeod, that Government insisted, appealing to
the r ature of ihe consequences which might follow
its oVmal,   nd was it for our Government to say
that Gieat Brit up was not serious in this demand,
or tha     o was ptiempimg to enforce it by menaces
and threats'?   D d anv necessity exist requiring the
Secre'ary of State to regard n in such an aspect?
Was he bound to say that the language implied a
threa '    I am sure ihe slightest ex?mmation of the
correspondence will show  lhat our Government
was not required, b) a >y pnnriple < f public duty,
reces«ar ly to infer that iMr   £      d'sipreei, by the
1. n„u"ge he used, io  mtnrn'i   I itai  appeal to
a ii s would toihx    h   rejec'ion of the cieuiand for
l' c r'le i^e o  "A ¡>ii
Ine Senior sg lh-it com non prudence re-
qmrec' 'hat the íxc t \ry o Si' írnld not have
a imitted so stronglj    <r ' leci i ' )   is vrrectness
0    the rule of nt inatioi ai ' iv cs cl -imed by
Oi at Bntai I am sorry the S-r amr made this
suage tion To s nati a is d si ngui hed for its
r ad ne ., to arcord equal and entir justice to other
i attons.    While it is equa 1, us c'uty and determt-
1 atton to assert .uid matnta n us < wn right", it
rjica'is cupu'odsl} to lefrain fro-a infringing
Od ihe ligáis of olhTs It doe  not mean to
deny 'o Ady namn t e ben fits of the wej! es-
l->bih d rules wnu.h «ovem the whole f imily
of nations Now vs^it shi uld the Secreta-
ry oí S'ate haye dene, acii',« under the 'et-
tled convia'ion ifcr ene ru e o — ^national law
wa loo «el esta.1 lishcd tj b is 'en or doub-
ed, that individuáis forming part of a public mili-
tary force, and acting under the an'honty of a ie-
g tiiate acknowledged Government, are not to be
held íesponsible individuaify for the consequences
t,f their arts'! Should he have pursued the course
which would s-em to be indicated by the nature of
the. complaint made against him—have spoken
doubtmgly as the existence of this rule of public
law1? Should he have partly condemned and part-
ly admitted if? Should he have shuffled and evaded*
and neither acknowledged nor denied its existence?
