256__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________________June, 1841.
ifi-H Cong.-.-1st Sáss.                              Case of McLeod—Mr. Huntington.                          ___________________Senate.
Would this hav  comported with ths honor and
dignity of the American character? I trust no such
views as (hose entertained by the Senator on this
subject will ever prevail in the councils of this na-
tion. I do not believe they will. The policy re-
commended is of a character which will be pro-
ductive ot no good. If oar Government is satis-
fied that the principle of the law of nations, as
claimed by a foreign Government, is undoubted,
it will say so frankly and unreservedly It will
not desire to evade the point presented by doubling
or denying the principle No motives of prudence
will ever influence it to adopt such a cours* It
will never seek to maintain its interest at the ex-
pense of its character for manly frankness. It will
be just to all, regardlpss of consequences
But, it is said, there is much to condemn írrthe
instructions to the Attorney General. It is insist-
ed that he should not have been sent on the busi-
ness connected with the trial of McL od; that the
latter was before the regular legal tribunals of the
State of New York for trial, and no necessity ex
isted for any interference on the part of the Na
tional Government, that it should not have teen
suggested that were the indictment pending in the
courts of the United States a nolle prosequi would
be entered; that counsel for the accused should not
have been ordered to be procured, and the Senator
intimates that potsibly a bill for counsel fee> in this
case may hereafter be presented against the United
States, and that, from his knowledge of the character
of the Attorney General, he is inclined to think ttiat
the mission was not a very agreeable one to him Now
I can hardly bel'eve thn the Senator supposes that
snch a bill for fees will be presented for payment
to the Congress o' the United States, and I dismiss
that point without further comment As to the
mission of Mr Crittenden being unpl asant to him,
I venture to say he speaks without authority, and I
will add, that I believe, so far from us being one
which he disliked, that he entirely concurred m its
propriety, and, from my knowledge of him and
his high character, that the vie vs exptes<ed in the
letter of instructions to him met his entire appro
bation The Secretary of fetate does say that if
the indictment were pending m one of the courts
of the Untied State-, the President would havr d -
reeled the entry of a nolle prosequi, and th s is
deemed worthy of animadversion But what rea-
sonable ground of complaint does this declaration
of Mr Webster furnish 1 If Ihe law of nations
protec ed McL-ort from punishment, why should
he be uiaI' If the avowal )t bis act, as
an act of 'he Govemmtnt, discharged him
from pergonal responsibility, j i i/hat more pro-
per, speedy, and eiTciudl way ould he have
the benefit of it th n ihe one mentioned 1
Would it have comporte 1 with what ¡hto Go-
virnmei t diemed to be iU duty to a foreign naiio'i
o have perm ttod a trial to be had when punish-
ment cou d not lollow? Wasthefatce of a legal
investigation to be got up and pursued, when no
practical result connected with such inves i, at on
coujd be attained? If, ihen, the indictment had
been pending in a court of tlie United States, tho
entry of a nolle prosequi would have been not only
ptoper, but the most speedy and effec ual mode <f
givi g effect to a clear principle of public iaw
But ihe Secretary well knew that the President had
no power to arrest the prrceedmgs in th>- ei  d ard
criminal cour s of the Sta e oí New Y<rk So
far, therefore, from intimating a cour   to be pur-
sued by the Executive oí that S a'e, he says the
Government is not informed w'iethr i the Gove or
of New York has ihe power ot oidermg a n de
ptosequi, crif he has, whfther he would feel it his
duty io exercise u And no instruction is given to
Attornej General to interfere wi'h the proceedings
pend' g n ihe courts of that S ate Nor is ?ny
thing in tn  nature of a menace, nor even in the
way of advice to the authorities ot th  S ate in re-
lation io the mdic'ment, sugjested The Secre ary
leaves the whole matter where it is, in the hand  of
the constituted authorities of the State—remarking
as to the course the President would have adt pted
were the proceedings pending in the judicial tribu-
nals of the United States, but not intimating that
the Governor of New York coald or ought to do
the same, and adding what the law of nations
sanctions as just and reasonable, that the fact of
having acted under public authority and m obedi-
ence to the orders of lawful superiors must be re-
garded as a val d defence, otherwise, individuals
would be holden responsible for injuries resulting
from ihe acts of Government, and even from the
operations of public war.
It is, however, urged that this Government should
have refrained from doing any thing connected
with this indictment and the proceedings under it;
that it should have remained passive, and have
suffered them to progress and terminate, without
doing an act, or speaking a word, or writing a sen-
tence having relation to them
It will be well, in examining the objection to the
course pursued by the Executive, to look at the
condition of things existing at the time when the
instructions were given to Mr. Cntlenden, and to
the actual state of the matter, as it then appeared
and in fact was The present Administration came
into power oa the 4th of March That which pre-
ceded had slept on the affair of the Caroline for
eighteen months, hearing nothing concerning the
reparation which wa- required, and not repeating
any demand font. All was still and quiet as the
silence of the grave Indeed, so long an interval
had elapsed, that it seems the British Govern-
ment suppo ed that ours would not again refer to
the subject. But, upon the 12 h of March, the at-
tention of this Government is called to the arrest
and imprisonment of McLeod, and a formal de
m«md is made for his release, on the ground
that ihe tramaeüoi on account of which he
had been arresteJ, and was to be put on tri-
al, was a transaction of a public cha acter, plan
ned and executed by persons July empowered
by the Colonial authorities of the Gtueen of
Gieat Britain, to take any steps and to do any acts
which might be necessary (or the defence of her
Majesty's territories, and for the protection of her
Majesty's subjecs, and therefore the act of Mc-
Leod, being an act of public duty, was one for
which he could not be persona'ly and individually
answerable in he tribunals of the United States
It is on the 12th i f March that this authen ic de-
c ¿ration is .nade, that th" British Government re-
c ignises the attack on the Caiolme as having been
made by its au h irtty McLeod was in person at
Lockport, under an indictment for murder for par
ticipaung in this attack It was expec ef bu trial
would take place on the 22J o' March, a very few
pays subsequent to the avow 1 ol the act as a na-
tional act, aril done under the authrnty of tne
Q,utmS Gú/ernment The trial was to be in a
county nheie the public mind was much asi'atcd
! nd excited. Much agitation alvo ex s ed in Ens;
land, pi cons quence ot what had tak-n pUce here
whue me io mei Administration was in power
Th sG ivernment hal r cigm-ed the p-mciple of
public law, that an individual for-nmg a part oi
pu1 lie force, and acuri > under ihe autho ity of
nis'lovtrnment, could lot be held responsible as
a privóle tus¡ tsssei or malefactor Every mo-
tive gr wag out of its honor and duty rt quired it
to use all its coasliiunonal power to preserve this
principle inviolate, for it was this Government, and
not that of the SUte of New York, \v bich was to
be held respon<=ib e lor its refusal or omission to
do whatitcoull wuh propriety do to give th  pri-
soner he bei efit of this rule of public lav What,
then, under these circumstances, was the President
to do? Having authen1 c and -atisfactor lv evi-
dence of the avowal ct ihe act I y Great Britain
asa na irnal one,audfoliy admitting the principle
rf ínierna tonal law nlerredto, what d d honor
and duty requiO Was he i j do nothing, because
an indictment was pending ai J to be tried' Was
he to remain entirely passive, and neiiher to say
nor to do any thing? If McLeod had been tntd
and executed, and w,«r had ensued as the conse
quenc, would the Administration have stood justi-
fied to tne country? Would it have been sufficient
to have said that the Government of the S at  of
New York had acted m-the matter according to
its sense of justice and prooneiy, and therefore
there was no just cause of com- ami
And, now, what was the action of the President,
under the peculiar circumstances ¡n which he was
placed?   Did he attempt to mtsrfere with the re-
gular administraron of the laws in the State of New
York? Did he[evei advise or suggest what course her
Governmen should pursue? Did he recommend a noiie
prosequi to he entered? Did he intimate that per-
sons confined under judicial process could be libera-
ted from confinement otherwise than by judicial
process? Very far from all this was his conduct.
He did that only which was made necessary and
proper by existing circumstances, and which w&s in
entire subordination to the rule that the discharge
of McLeod was to be sought in a manner conform-
able to the principles of law and the proceedings
of courts or judicature. He therefore directs the
Attorney General, the confidential law officer of
the Government, to proceed to the State of New
York, to carrry with him the authentic evidence of
the recognition, by the British Government, of the
destruct on of the Caroline asan act of public force,
done by national authority, to suggest to the coun-
sel of the prisoner that the President felt the impor-
tance of transferring the trial from the scene of
the excitement to a more remote county; to furnish
the counsel with the evidence of the recognition
just mentioned, to see that the prisoner had the
assistance of skilful counsel, if such had not been.
retained, and to signify to him and htscounsel, if
his defence was overruled, that it was the wish of
the Government that the proper steps should be ta-
ken for the immediate removal of the case, by —nt
of error, to the Supreme Court of the United States.
This was all which the Prisident directed to be
dene. Is there any part of it which was ou> of
the line of his duty? Is the President m fault for
furnishing McL«od with the It gal evidence of the
avowal of his Government of his act as anational
act? Or for seeing that he was agisted by able
counsel1 Or for suggesting to them that the place
of the exci ernent was not the most suitable place for
a fair and impartial trial' Or that this Government,
being the only responsible party known to foreign
Governments, wished fiat the opinion of the Su-
preme Court of the United States might be laken,
in a proper and legal form, upon the question of
public law, if it should be ruled againit the pri-
soner? Was this succumbing to a foreign power?
Was this jielding ti threat or menace' Was this
icung nnd r the influence of fear or an unneces ary
panic' Was this course calcula'ed to impair the
honor or d gmty of the country, or to put at hazard
any of us ínteres s? Or unnecessarily to involve us
in hostilities? Let the fober and enlightened judg-
ment of the people answer.
It is sugg«s ed that ihe instructions to Mr Crit-
tenden were communicated to the British Minister
ím jed ¡vtcly oi before Ü-  de patch was written to
htm I feel suit ihat this cannot be supposed to
evnee i de-ue hastily to conciliate Great Britain;
for al hojgh if d es not appear, from any thing m
iLe document before u«, that ihpy were so commu-
mca'ed, )et, if they wert , there was nothmg in
them which ¡t wa eithc necessary or proper
should be withhe d fro n the Br.tish Government.
Concealment would do no gocd. The instructions
«howe 1 the views of our G ivernment on the ques-
tion of public law, and, also, what steps ic could
take, c nststcntly with our institutions', to give Mc-
Le d ths benefit of them Surely there was no-
thing la the instructions which the honor or inte-
rests of the United States demanded should be con-
cealed fiom the Government of Great Britain.
They were c ear and explicit, and a copy of them
was subsequently communicate 1 to Mr Pox, by
the S cre'ary of State, in connection with his note
of April 34. There could be no sai rifice of honor
m * frank and speedy avowal of what the Govern-
ment had done in th discharge of its duties to a
foreign Government, so far as the Constitution
and the laws ot the country authorized them to ->o.
I believe I have now referred to all the particu-
lars—thp specifications of complaint which have
be n suggested by the Senator Having comment-
ed upon each of them, he drew ftom th"m all this
mfeience: that they manifested a «pint not credita-
ble to the American character, evincing a want of
sufficient energy, and the absence of American spi-
rit Let me, then, briefly refer to tbem, and in-
quire whether the e complaints have any just foun-
dation''
The Secretary did not refer, in suitable language,
