August^ 1841.
/
S7rn Con&-..-1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S59
Fiscal Bank—Mr.  Dean.
that )$ to be apprehended from abroad. Mr. Jef-
ferson, speaking in. reference to the old United
Staies Bank, says;
"This institution is one of the most deadly hostility existing
against the principles and form of oui Constitution. Thena-
tion 13 at this timeso strong and united in its sentiments, that it
cannot be shaken at this moment, but suppose aseries of unto
ward everjts should occur, sufficient to bring into doubt the
competency of a Republican lormof Government, to meet a
crisis of great danger, or to unhinge the confidence of the
peoplem the public funcuonanes and institution like this,
penetrating by its branches every part of the Union, acting
by command m phalanx, may, in a critical moment, upset the
Government I deem no Government safe which is under the
vassalage of any self constituted authorities, or any other autho-
rity than that of the United states, or its regular functionaries
What an obstruction could not this United States Bank, with
all its branch banks be in time of war? It might dictate to us
the peace we should accept, or withdraw its aid Ought we
then to give further growth to an institution so powertuhso
hostile?"
Mr. Clay, in hi* better days, has taken the same
view of this subject, and painted, in equally strong
Golors, the disasters  to be apprehended to our coun-
try by the establishment of a United States Bank.
In his celebrated anti-bank speech of 1811, he
says:
" Seven tenths of its capital is m the hands of foreigners,
chiefly Enshah subjects, we are possibly on the eve of a
rupture with that nation, should such an event occur, do you
apprehend that the English priemier would experience any
difficulty in obtaining the entire control of this institution?
Republics, above all governments, ought most seriously to
guatd against foreign influence All history proves that the
internal dissensions, excited by foreign intrigue, have produced
the downfall of almost every fiee government that has hith-
erto existed "
Here, sir, is high authority against the expedi-
ency of a Uiited States Bank.    It comes upon us
at this time with redoubled  force.    Are we not
possibly on the eve of a rupture with that power
which owned so large a portion of the stock of the
old Bank, and  which will possess itself of a con-
trol of this Bank nearly as soon  as it will go into
operation?    Is   there   one among   us   who  does
not   believe,    that  in    less    than    six   months
after this   Bank shall be   established,  at least
one-balf if not two-thirds of its slock will be own-
ed by British bankers  and controlled by the mo-
neyed men of England    How startling is the fact,
it the Whig cry  be true, that  this Government
cannot get along with its financial affairs in time of
peace, without the aid of a Bank? What would be
our situation in time of war, and especially with
that nation whose noblemen and money changers
would control, not only the money of the Bank,
but the entire funds of the nation?   Will it not be
yielding up to our enemies our purse-strings—the
very sinews of war, and subjecting ourselves to
their mercy1?    If the reasonings of those distin-
guished men be correct, the creation of this Bank
may be fatal to our existence, as a free nation.
At all events, we shall invest a corporation with
power tar abo re the common citizen, and enable
it to regulate not only the currency, but the poli-
tics, buvines , and commerce of the country.   We
know, from the history of all experience, that man
alwavs endeavors to pursue that course which ad-
vances his interest, and seldom fails to exercise all
the po^er within his reach to accomplish that end.
Is it not dangerous, then, to place this vast mo-
neyed  power in the hands of any man or set of
men?   Will they not abuse their trust?   Will they
not make this power a means by which they may
"ride rough shod over the plundered ploughman and
beggared yeomanry of our country " Sir, by creat-
ing ¡his Bank, you ate surrendering up the power
to control your   own funds,   and   bringing not
only   yourself, but   yonr posterity,  manacled   to
to the footstool of the worst of all tyrants—a mo-
neyed despotism     It a tyrant is to rule over me, I
should wish to have him possess, some of the pro-
perties of human nature—at least, a mortal exist-
ence; tnere would then be some ray of hope left,
that a returning sense of justice would lead him to
respect the rights of the oppressed.    But, sir, once
establish this Bank for the term of twenty years,
with control over all the vast moneyed resources
of this country, which will lead to a consol of
every thing else, and I would not give a rush for
your boasted freedom.   The venal will be bought
up by Us bribes; the timid will be overawed by its
power.   Rum, at its nod, will be made to sweep
over the land like a pestilence, and panic and pres-
sure will be created at any time when it may be
desirable to subserve its ends.   An ambitious Pie-
H, ot Reps.
sident, backed by such a power, would have (he
purse and the i word united; and, if disposed, might,
with such means, stand a fair chance to overthrow
the free institutions of our country, snd erect a mo-
narchy upon its ruins. We have more danger to
pporehend from such an institution than from an
army of half a million of soldiers. This country,
united, has nothing to fear from her external ene-
miss; but when the canKer worm is gnawing at our
vitals,and creatmgwithin our elves Ihe very elements
of dissolution, as I fear the establishment of this
Bank will prove, we may then expt ct soon to see
this now happy Republic become the prey of in-
ternal war, or pa«s into the hands and under the
yoke of some amb tious dictator. This, sir, has
been ihe fate of all Republics; and unless we
shall be able to draw lessons of wisdom irom the
experience of the past, and shun the fatal rocks
on which all others have been destroyed, it will be
ours The same causes will usually produce the
same results, and if we will only for one moment
reflect upon the fatal influence which the banking
institutions oí thiscoumry have produced upon the
morals of the nation, we cannot but discover that
it is ominous of oui destruct.on as a free people.
Sir, I do most solemnly believe, that unless a
change shall take place in ihe morals of t'ie poh
ticians of this country, which will enable us to put
a stop to ihe baneful and corrupt influence of this
paper system, the banks will yet be the means
of overthrowing our Republican form of Govern-
ment.
Pass this Bank bill, and unless the people shall
rise up and repeal it before it fets us fatal fangs
fastened upon us, it will be perpetual—}es, eter-
nal. It will take a stronger hand than the illus-
trious Jackson to untwine its folds and break its
golden chains Nothing but a bloody revolution
can free us from this cuise, and redepm us from
its grasp.
The corrupting influence ot the banks have been
so fully and clearly developed by their transactions
for the last few years, that it it no longer a matter
of doubt V has been so flagrant and infamous,
that it must have earned conviction to every
honest miml, that the,' are n i longer worthy of con-
fidence, or deserving of public favor. Scarcely a
mail arrives, but burgs us new disclosures of bank
villany; and fraud, peculation, and robbery have
become almost as common as the ordinary tram-
actions of the day.
Establish this Bank, sir, and you create a power
paramount to thf laws and Constitu'ion; one that
will control the political affairs of the nation, and
hold in leading s'nngs evtiy high functionary of
the General and Siate Governments. It will, sir,
in the language of Mr. Jeffeison, dictate the policy
that this Government must pursue; and holding the
parse strings of the nation, no impoitant transac
tion can be undertaken without consulting the will,
and obtaining the coascntof this soulless corpoia-
tion.
The charier pi opones to incorporate a Bank of
$30,000,000 of capiUl, with trie power to mcrta e
her capital to $50,000,000, and i0 have the custody
and keeping of all the public moneys, and that,
too, without any further security than her corporate
name. All this vast power is conferred upon nine
irresponsible members, pecountable to no one, (for
their accountability to Congress amoums to no-
thing,) wi ho at any sufficient check to guard ?nd
pro eet even the public rnonej, which <s pUced
under tneir control, and whicti ihey maj squasder
for electioneer'ng oi aiy otivi base parpóse, t'iat
they may thins proper. How long, sir, wou'd (hose
nine directors continue to act ¡he \ an a.signed
them by the charier Tne bis'ory of the late
United S'ates Bank, if exariiin'd, would, 1 think,
answer satisfactorily this question. I have no
doubt but that, in less than two years afttr tbi«
Bank shall go 'nto operation, some Nicnolas Bid-
die will use up m the ooard of directors superior
to all the rest, who will seize upon th  po.ver, and
control and direct the whole ¿(fairs of the institu-
tion, and the remainder of the diretto-s will be
mere creatures to record his edicts, and give legal
sanction to the execution of his will. Then, sir,
will again be exhibited the disg isting spectacle ot
not only the rabble, but the sage philosopher and
dignified s aif-man, bending ihe knee of humble
submission, and servilely "supplicating the favor of
this moneyed Autocrat. Have we not seen that
Legislature s, 'Hies, and whole States, hafe bet 
made u jielj and give way before its mighty in-
fluence'? An , «ir, so all-powtrful has, it beeome,
that now, at this vety inouunt, and wi'hin ihib
Hall, we hear it asserted and repeated that our
financial pros jentj, if not our political safety, de-
pends upon ti e creation of this moneyed power.
It lj row sought, through a systematic operation of
the Whig party, to force this measure upon the
nation, under the pretence (hat the necessities of
the times reqi.ire it, End that the people, by the last
election, have sanctioned it. Sir, no Bank of the
United Slates has ever been established in this
country emanating from the free unbiassed expres-
sion of the people, but so far from it, that at all
times and on all occasions, whenever this measure
has been biought before them, it has received their
decided condemnat'on. In that part of the State
which I have the honor m part to represent, it was
never made a test question. All the leading Whig*
denied that it was ihe object of their party to esta-
blish a United Sidles Bank, and many of them de*
nounced the Demncra's as slandering the Whig
party in charging them with the design ot creating
one And, sir, I have no doubt, and 1 give it as
m> deliberate opinion, that, at the last election,
and at th.s time, there u a large and overwhelm-
ing majority in Ohio opposed to this measure.
And if this extraordinary session shall press this
measure through, and pasi this Bank bill, without
funher consultation, against the known and <"x-
pres^ed will (as I believe) of the people, the Whig
party must expect, that the moment the people
can reach tho e who have betrayed ihern, ihey will
rignt themselves, not only by removías then un-
worthy servants, but by repudiating an 1 ¡Lntiullmg
their acts. Ye<, sir, the word repeal will accom-
pany the passage of this bill; and if I do not much
mistake 'he genius ard temper of the people of this
U.non, Ihey will follow it up with a spirit that
will brook no delay, and never rest satisfied until
it IS annulled, if not expunged from our statute
book
Since the commencement of this session, the
Whig paity have kept up u constant denuncia-
tion of tht Democracy, and all the prominent mea-
sures of the late Administration, and have mam-
iested a studied desi,n to eulogize their offti
unseemly and mc dey party. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr Pope ] after denouncing the De-
mocrats "as disorderly destructives,' procsedea to
eulogize the Y/hig p«rty by saying, mat the orde -
ly and coriect deportment of the Whigs at the last
fall election, m their great gatherings, reminded
him of a campt meeting of Christians, and
slrengthtned his confidence in the virtue and intel-
ligence of the people. This sir, is rather a strange
remark for an, one to make, who wi nessed the
tumultuous, bacchanalian carousals of that hard
cider party at the last elecUon. Why, sir, has
not that ge i'Iemanheard of the-iat'ghiered Whig
victims of that political c<,ntes>t? Has he not heard
that their blood watered the ground at Mount
Vernon, and many other places in Ohio, and at
their carousals, whole hecatombs of Whigs were
offered up, upon the altar f Bacchus? Does he not
know 'hat order, and law, and justice, were outraged
by a rf-ort to eveiy means calcula'n. 10
debase and corrupt the meals ot the nation* The-r
silly bannersand rolling baih, their low diggers!
>og cabin songs, and tu ir pipedaywg, were all
alike disgusting, and calculated in lh ir tendency
o bring mlo contempt an elective Governrtient,
whose supporter could be influenced by such exhi-
bitions of tody, and cheated and controlled by sui.h
deception and fraud.
Sir, the result of the last election, has shaken
my confidence m the stability of an elecave go-
vernment m >re than any other occuirence that has
ever taken place in this country since our po lUcal
existence as a free people; and un.r ss ¡he Democracy
of this nation shall shake from her confidence ihib
motley Whig party, which cow hangs like a fatal
incubus upon our prosperity, the days of this
Republic will soon be numbered. Already have
the seeds of political  corruption takeft deep root
