August, 1841.______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________________263
27th Cokg.'..1st Sess.                       Post Offite Appropriation Bill—Mr. Gordon ,                        >               H. of Reps.
to the amount of $150,000, from the Treasury,
to meet contingencies To the foregoing statement
of the amount of debt, he claims should be added
$260,000, borrowe 1 from the revenues of the se-
cond quarter of 1841, to pay the services of the
quarter immediately preceding it, although the
chief clerk contends, as a general principle, the re-
venue collected in each quarter, should be held to
pay the services n such quarter—a principle I
may take occasuon to comment on in the remainder
of what I have to say upon the sabject under
consideration. Add that sam to the debt, and we
have an aggregate oí liabilities amounting to
§607,567.
What were the means of the Department to
meet that amount of liabilities, some of which are
prospective   and  anticipatory, merely from the
circumstance of  having borrowed from the re-
venues of one quarter to pny the services of a pre-
ceding quarter?    And even tnat portion of the
liabilities, anticipated from having borrowed of the
recipts of one  quarter to pay for the expenditures
of anolh°r and preceding quarter, may turn out
to be unfounded, for the revenues of ihe Depart-
ment are improving, while the general exp-nditures
are dimimshirg    Thus we see what are the 'labi-
lities and  their natuie     Njw, what  were its re-
sources and  means on the 30ih of June last, to
balance the  liabilities that then  existed, or were
anttcipated?    No  one   will   pretend   that,   from
the 3d of March to ihe 30ti of June last, any im-
provement had been made in the finances or ser-
vice of   the  Department      I have heard of no
claim having been set up to any.   On the last
mentioned day, the cash  on hand  m  the several
draft offices and depositories, was $60,690    There
was also then due from late Postmasters,  s ap-
pears from the samp documents, $550,000, one half
of which is good and collectible, and the other
half doubtful.   No d ubt exists m my ovi n mind,
but that at least two thirds cf the amourt due from
late postmasters is collectable, they having given
secuuty, making the available means from  that
source above $366 666, which added to the cash on
hand, makes $427,356   Pines due from contractors
for failure in the p rform<mce o'   their contracts,
for non-arrivals of  the mail   at   the   stipulat-
ed   time, and unexcused, to a large amount—
many thousands oí dolían, (ihe means of ascrtam-
mg which exactly can be tutmshed only by the De-
partment,) were incurred, and adjudicated, and re-
mained unremitted or paid, under the administra-
tions of Mr Kendall and Mr Nile?, and ar= now
aiailable means in the hards of the head of the
Department, if the sums have not been wrong-
fully remitted by the present Postmaster General
for political favors and rewards., and lo buy up the
contractors spread over all the country.   There
was also a reduction ot the mail service made by
Mr. Niles just before he left the office, and by Mr
Granger since he came into office, of about $250,-
000.   In consequence of the comparative cheap-
ness of the times, and the reduction of pr c s m the
general markets of the countrj, Mr Granger has
been enabled, in the late lettings of the mail route*,
to make a saving of some twenty per centum    In-
dependent, then, of the fines  due, and adjudged
under Mr. Kendall and Mr Niks, and of the great
saving in  the  late letting of the mail routes, the
Department bad an aggregate of m-ans, including
the reduction cf the mail service, as before stated,
and which sh<uld unquestionably be t?ken into the
estimate, of $677,356—making an excess ol means
over liabilities of nearly $70,000    And yet, in the
first half year— ay, quite m ihe beginning of the
second quarter ot the first year of Mr  Granger's
administration of  the   Department, he cala   on
Congress o appropriate from ihe Tressury for the
use of ihe Department $497 657, $150,000 of which
is surplus and independent, and over and above
all the means of the Department, which, withou'
a single dollar of this appropriation, is fully equi-
valent to all the demands against the Department
Ij«this condition of the liabilities, means, and finan-
ces of the General Post Office, and thus earlv in the
history of his experience, this high functionary and
financier, selected by the Whig Administration of
this Government as the man to  succeed „2mos
Ktndatt and John M. Mies, complains of being
unable to get on wnh the Department without this
powerful aid "Who cannot manage the Post
Otñce Department with such facilities and accom-
modations as this? What politician in the land is
there, from the aspirant to the office of cabinet
minister, down to the bar-room orator, without a
particle of useiul knowledge, or business hibits,
could not, wi'h the Treasury at his command, and
the revenues of this Department to boot, transport
the mails of the United States, not only as they
are bow carried, but over twice th« extent of route,
and with ten times the present speed and de-
spatch?
How was it with Mr Kendall, that much abused,
able, faithful, and competent public servant?
What was the condition of the Department when
he was calle 1 to preside over il? Did he, on the
first appearance of financial embarrassment and
difficulty, call on Hercules to put shoulder to the
wheel, and lift the Department from the mud' No,
sir, no He went to work, brought order out of
chaos and eonfusipn, and made those truly need-
ful and jud cious curtailments, retrenchments and
reforms, that a wise and prudent management de-
manded. When Mr. Kendall came inn office, he
found the Department in debt $1,000 000, as re-
ported by Thomas Ewing, and as estimated by Mr.
Barry at something like $800 000. He liquidated
and paid off ihis large debt from the ueeans of Ihe
Department in the first year of hi  office, by a
rigid and vigilant system of collections of dues to
the Department, andcuttmg downfheservicewhere
it was ¡east useful, and could be done without
serious or material injury to gei eral or sestioual
interests He came not to ask of Congress the
aid of the general Treasury He put the Depart-
ment upon its own resources, which are compara-
tively more amp'e and abundant now than then.
The Department may be compared to a plantation
with its appeodag«s. In the hands of one owner
it is productive and profitable, under the manage-
ment of another it runs to waste, and involves the
proprietor in debt It depends on the skill and in-
dustry of the superintendent or owner. Was
such a man as Mr. Kendall now at the head of
the cone n, no application, at this time, or under
such circumstances, would be made for collateral
means to meet its expenditures or pay its debts.
Mr Kendall, in 1836 and 1838, pot fifteen hun-
dred new routes in operation—routes mostly un-
productive—routes whose expenditures, compare 1
with their receipts, were twenty of expenditures to
one of receipts These romes were forced on
him by acts of Congress, and were let, as well as
the routes generally during Mr Kendall's time
were let, when the markets were hi^h, when the
price of every thing that enters into the consump-
tion or uoe of contractors was at the very top of
the laie artificial inflation by bank expansions
Coach service also gave wav to railroad service,
that greatly enhanced the expenditure, not only on
the direct routes, but collaterally on all tb/> other
routes All that, and much more, bad Mr Kendall
encountered and surmounted, for woich he de-
served ih- thinks of the country, but for wh ch he
received, and ■- ill receives, the execration and de-
nunciation of his noltfcal foes, not for his deserts,
but for his unyielding opposition to their flagitious
schemes of plundering the Treasur)
Mr Kendall, as was always ihe custom and po-
licy of the D panraept, curtailed the service when
the receipts iell, or were likely to fall, short of the
exp Dditures,and again mcieased it as soon as the
expenditures came ivithm the receipts The De-
partment always has, and always should, suppoit
ussif It is i. sel<-regulat rig system, ¡f well under-
stood and well managed. Such it aiwajs should
be, and always will be, in the ha1 dsof a competent
manager
The Department never can bave a surp u , and
ne-d n ver have a deficit It may occasionally be
a little in a 1 vanee ot its means from cRu^es that
cannot be fo e-,een, but will always be sb]e to e-
cover itself ■- uhout serious delay The public de-
mand for the man se.vice is suca that no surp'us
can be k°pt on hand, and the head of that Depart-
ment should be firm enough to resist all importu-
nities to increase the transportation beyond the rea-
sonably anticipated receipts.   Untoriseen fluctua-
tions, such as are likely to escape the ajrtjctjjatiQns
of vigilant and skilful public officers, are npt-ex-
pected or required to be guarded against, ^ut,
then, the Department has the means, in, an4 of
itself, to fill an exhaustion of its own treasury
whenever it rr.ay occur from fluctuations or other
unforeseen contingencies.
What should Mr Granger do, under the circum-
stance* ra which he is placed—embarrassments by
no means insurmountable? Precisely what Mr.
Kendall did, and precisely what should always be
done, if it be intended to sustain the Department on
its present footing, and to administer it on. the prin-
ciples it was founded, and by the aid of which it
has scattered abroad, broad-cast over the land, its
manifold blevsings with justice, equality, and equi-
ty, m ihe distribution of its burdens and benefits.
Collect and economise—keep the expenditures
within the receipts, and, above all, keep a constant
watch over, and firm and steady hand upon, tbe
contractors, and rever yield to any political influ-
ence they may attempt to bring to bear upon the
operations ot the Department.
No one is blameable for the existence of the
debt the Department is now embarrassed with
The debt is not large compared with the vast means
the Dapartment has at its control, or the amount
of other debts that have preceded it, especially that
liquidated by Mr. Kendall But great or small,
no one is censurable for its existence; neither Mr.
Kendall, Mr. Niles, nor Mr Granger. The lat-
ter has subjected himself to animadversion, not on
account of the^e liabilities having existed when he
assumed the duection of the General Post Office,
but because he is unable or unwilling to avail
him«elf of the ordinary means of the Department,
and extricating it, with the aid of those means,
from these "pressing necessities," as all his prede-
cessors were wont to do He shows in this a want
ot capacity to administer so complicated and ex-
tended a system of operations as belongs to that
Department. How did the debt accrue? Why is
it the Department cannot promptly meet all its en-
gagements? It is easily explained, and without
inculpating any one. The revenue in former
years had increased from ten to twelve, and some-
times,as high as twenty per centum per annum
On the 1st of January, 1840, the annual revenue
was $4 000,000 Mr. Kendall, in the lettmgs
of that year, estimated the increase of this
revenue at ei^ht per centum—$320,000 in that
year. Whereas, instead of an increase of eight
per centum, as he hid estimated, there was a lall-
mg off ot two per centum, making a difference of
$400,000 In that way, the expenditures necessa-
rily exceeded the receipts, and biought the Depart-
ment in debt. But that circumstance, unforeseen
as it was, should never have created any such em-
barrassmant with the Department as to point the
Postmaster General to the Treasury of the United
States for relief
What advantages had Mr Granger over Mr.
Kendall at entering on tbe duties of his office?
Prices were so much lower as to enable Mr. Gran-
ger to make a saving m the lettmgs of nearly or
q ute twenty per centum. The debt of the De-
partment, when Mr. Kendall came in, was near a
nillion of dollars. When Mr. Granger assumed
the reins of its administration, the debt was less by
six hundred thousand dollars. Mr. Kendall was
without means, except the accruing revenue. Mr.
G"-ang r had other means, already specified, equal
to the debt he found the Department involved in.
What did Mr. Kendall do? He relied on the re-
sources of the Department, and succeeded Mr
Grarger, on the contrary, gives up in despair, and
fl es to the Treasury of the United S ates for help
"Ihu'.you have the comparison of the efficiency
ail capability of the two men m discharging the
duties oe the office of Postmaster General.
What will be the effect of reverting to the Trpa-
s ,rv to relieve the Department3 It, I fear, will be
! a fatal precedent It will be the entering wedge,
t le beginning of a new system of pensioning the
Department on tbe Treasury, and make that the
common source of relief from all financial difficul
ties, fancied or real Once cross the Rubicon, and
all will be lost Once break into ihe Treasury
and the cormorants will never go ungorged. Ough
