864                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONALIGLOBB.          ________Angnst, 1841.
27th Cono......1st Ses%.                              Post Office appropriation BUI—Mr.  Gordon.   ________________________      H. of Reps.
we for every or any embarrassment of this nature
to depend on the nceipts from customs? I know
full well that the advocates of a high protective
tariff would not only rely on the Treasury for re-
lief in this and all similar instances, but would also
increase the expenditures of the Department, and
abolish all.póstage. In |he same spirit, the pro-
ceeds of the^ sales of the public lands have been
squandered in gratuities to prodigal States, as well
to exhaust the Treasury and increase the tariff, as
to assume' indirectly the debts of the States. This
is one of á series of measures concocted, and at this
extra session pressed on Congress, to f.tsten on the
country the grinding taxing system of proteeiion
for the benefit of a single class—a system that has
plundered, impoverished, and enslaved the laboring
classes of other countries; and, if successfully per-
sisted in, will throw the apple of discord among
these harmonious States—rend the Constitution—
the palladium of our liberty, and destroy our
renown among the great family of nations—im-
poverish and oppress the people this country, and
break this Union into fragments.
What is to be the direct tendency and final re-
sult of this measure, if it pass, and its principle be
extended and carried out, as it will, if allowed to
pass? A reduction of the rates of postage, fol-
lowed by consecutive drafts on the Treasury for
the exclusive benefit of those who flourish and
prosper most, when the great mass of the people
groan the loudest by insufferable burdens of tax-
ation. The only alternative left would be a dis-
continuance of all the mail routes extending
through the country where the receipts are now lets
than the expenditures, or a reduction of the mail
service on such routes to the limit of the receipt.
An equalization of the rates of postage could pro-
bably be effected, that would be more just, and
give better satisfaction generally than the piesent
rates. I would not oppose any such arrangement,
nor any reduction of the raws of postage, that
woull not diminish the aggregate amount of re-
venue.
But this is not the time to discuss those points.
The occasion may arise when it will be necessary
to debate them. I hold myself in reserve for any
such event. It is objected by some that the Go-
vernment vt^es the mails as well as private indi-
viduals, and yet pays nothing towards the support
of the «nails—that the wh^ie country should be
taxed to pay the cost of carrying the Government's
letters, papers, and document.*, and not simply
those private Individuals who alone use the mail.
Tisis argument, were it (rue, would have great force,
and should lead directly to an adjustment of the
rates of postage, so as to include the public as
well as, private mail matter. Bui, unfortunately
for the objection, the fact is not so. Without
going minutely into detail at this time, barely no-
ticing this objection as I pass along, suffice it to
say that the Government pays several hundred
thousand dollars annually for the ¡support of the
Department, and has always done so. That fact
is also a sufficient answer to the argument that the
Treasury is in debt te the Post Office Department
for moneys heretofore paid into the Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, the Postmaster General (Mr.
Granger) has, in the course of this debate, been
accused of being a mere politician; and it has
been alleged that no confidence could be placed in
his reports to Congress; that he could not be trusted
with surplus means to meet contingencies; and, in
fine, was incompetent to manage the finances of
the Department.
I have made no such charge, and I will not
repeat any such accusation, other than what
may be properly and legitimately inferred from
fact  and proofs furnished by himself, although he
belongs to a party who unceasingly and unscrupu-
lously denourced and vilified the Democratic Ad-
ministration of Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Burén,
and especially Mr Kendal!, and bis official act'.
By means of the unfounded clamor ra'sM by his
party against the wise and good measures oí t'-e
two last administrations of the Government, and
the abuse of public officers connected with those
administrations, and by mean? of panic and distress
speeches and unprincipled opposition to salutary
measures in Congress, and  misrepresentation of
those measures by a corrupt and purchased press,
he owes the place he occupies. Yet I will nothing
detract from his official reputation, nor set
down aught in malice against him. The
truth will answer my purpose, and I shall
rigidly adhere to the golden rule of do-
ing unto others as I would have others do unto me.
If Mr. Granger be the mere politician, no confi-
dence can be placed in him, not because he is po-
litically opposed to my party, but because a poli-
tician is not a statesman, is withgut business habits
or qualifications, wants the requisite knowledge of
the details of business, feels a strong and uncon-
querable aversion to labor, and is unfit to be trutt-'
ed with the high, complicated and responsible du-
ties of any great Department of the Government,
or the public service.
No administration that draws around it mere po-
liticians, for its constitutional advisers, and to take
charge of the important offices to reward them for
past political services, or to raise their political in-
fluence, can long retain the public confidence, or
administer the Government for the public good. If
the Administration now in power has around it
in office politicians, and not practical business men,
of enlarged minds, hotest intentions, and laborious
habits, it will go down, condemned by the people,
unwept, unhonored, and unsung. Government
was instituted for the pro'ection and security of
all, and notfor a "few booted and spurred, to ride
the people legitimately by the grace of Gcd."
Sinecures are hostile to the genius of our institu-
tions, and one man should not have the honors and
emoluments of ofnce,while another performs the la-
bor and discbarges the duties of it. What evidence
have we that he is a politician? This Administra-
tion came into power denouncing the doctrine that
to the victor belongs the spoils of the vanquished.
It declared that proscription should be proscribed;
that, no one should or ought to be removed from
office for opinion's sake; that every one should
be left, free to enjoy his own srntiments, and,
for so doing, none should molest or make
him afraid. Freedom of speech, and the press,
and political action, were to be held sacred and
inviolable. Brawling politicians, intermeddling
office-seeker?, and officious partisans, only were
denounced. The only inquiry respecting a candi-
date for office was to be, "is he honest, is he capa-
ble, is he faithful to the Constitut'On?'' How have
these pledges been redeemed, as to the Post Office
Department? Since the 4ih of March last, sixteen
hundred removals and appointments have been
made. But I will confine myself to my own dis-
trict. I will not poach on another's manor. Nor
shall I mention all the removals there. I will only
take notice of one or two of the principal cases, as
a sample of the rcsN I do not find fault with the
amount of Mr. Granger's political labors, but the
character of ihe work.
First, there is the Binghamton removal—thecase
of Dr. Robinson, and the appointment to fill the
vacancy. Mr. Robinson was a Democrat, and a
gentleman of high character, standing, and probi-
ty. He independently and fearlessly exercised
the right of suffrage, but in a silent and unobtru-
sive manner. He did not attend political meet-
ings, make political speeches, or engage in politi-
cal disputations. He was content to enjoy his
own opinion, and suffer others to enjoy theirs
without molestation. He never worked himself
into a foaming rage, or abused his neighbors because
theydifll-redm opinion from him. Bland,courteous,
and affable in his deportment, it was not in his
rr-'ure to fili the character ef a brawling politician.
Who was appointed to the office from which he
was thrust against the wish of the mass of the in-
habitants aní all the principal business men of the
p'a<-e? I will teli you? A Whig Editor, a bar-
room wrangler, a stump-orator, a coisy, brawling,
pot house politician, Dr. Rob'nson, the one re-
moved, was a competent and obliging postmas'er,
who, without exception, always discharged the du-
nes of hi-, office well and to the entire satisfaction
of the public He came within the saving princi-
ples of the Whig doctrine, as proclaimed and
preached before the election, and was removed in
violation of their creed to make room for one who
fell  directly under its condemnation.   This was
among the earliest of Mr. Granger's removals.
His commission was scarcely dry, be wa? not
warm in his seat, before he lei fall the axe to
wreak his political vengeance upon a Van Buren
supporter. Why was an Editor appointed? Was
it to pay him for editorial services when Mr.
Granger was a csndidate for Governor?, Had he
spread the fire of Antioiasonry at the bidding of
his candidate? Or has he been bought ap
like cattle in the market, not with $52,000,
as during the days of the great Bank, but with a
fat office to muzzle the press and corrupt the foun..
tains of political intelligence? This job bears the
impress of a politician's skill. No person can be
great but in one thing, and the skill displayed here is
of such high order that the master workman can be
good for nothing else. The other appointment to
which I will refer, is the case of Mr. Hathaway,
of Delhi. The office had been vacant from the 3d
of last March, till last week, by the resignation of
the postmaster, the evidence of which fact was on_
the files of the Department. Why did it remain
vacant so long? Other appointments, all over the
country, had been made in hot and indecent haste,
with mt regard to qualifications, with the single
exception of political service or influence. The
reason is palpable. There were three or four Whig
candidates for the office, equally heated and hot
headed partizans, all clamorous and unyielding in
their claims to the office as matter of right, pur-
chased with toil, and labor, and sweat of the brow
in the campaign on hard cider rations. It was a
family feud—a domestic quarrel, to be appeased
in some way, before the spoils could be awarded to
either. There was great trouble in the camp, dis-
order in the ranks. These quiet and orderly Whigs,
so patriotic and disinterested before the elect on,
who fought not for the spoils of office, but their
country, the election over, and the victory
achieved, suddenly are seized with a passion for
office as fierce as the rapacious tiger. But the
ebb of lime brought with it no abatement of the
voracity of these hungering cormorants. The
chief was compelled at last, without a reconcilia-
tion, to make a preference among his followers at
the risk of disaffection, and fill the office. Who is
Mr. Hathaway, the appointee? In feeling and sen-
timent, an old-fashioned anti-war-Hartford-Conven-
tionblue-light-Federalist, died in the wool. He
was rocked in the cradle, and dandled in the lap of
Federalism, and when he grew up to manhood, he
instinctively opposed the doctrines of Jefferson and
Madison, and arrayed himself against the patriot
Tompkins. The family of the Hathaways in old
Delaware, is a Federal land-mark, as familiar to
the electors of that section as the Virginia and Ken-
tucky resolutions are to the strictest State Rights
man in the Union. Were these and the like ap-
pointments ac cidental as to their character, or made
from choice, that the head of the Departmeat might
have around him not only a body-guard of men af-
ter his own heart, but that his spies and scouts and
vanguards, spread over the country, should be like
unto himself, to do his bidding? Birds of a feather
flock together gregarious by instinct. This proves
what the public believe, that the Postmaster Gene-
ral is the politician, not the statesman—is full of
stratagem and manoeuvre, not wi=e plans for the
amelioration of the public condition. He seems to
be unfit to bave the charge and management of that
grjat department of the Government of which he
stands at the head. His inability to go on with the
Department without the aid. of half a million of
dollars, 'to be drawn from the United States Trea-
sury, and abovs the ordinary means of the Depart-
ment, demonstrates his want of capacity beyond a
doubt.
My colleague [Mr. Morgan] called on the
friends of the late Administration to come forward
and with alacrity aid the party in power in devis-
ing ways and means to relieve the Poa Office
from the financial difficulties under which it is
laboring, and which were caused by the late Admi-
nistration. The answer is, that the Departnfent
has ample and abundant means in and of itself;
that it was left in good condition by the party now
out of power, and that a large portion of the pre-
sent debt has been incurred since the inauguration
of General Harrison, as the documents already
