Ajjgpst, )L84]U
ÁPPSNDIX TO WE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27rfl Cong-".1st Sess.
JRepeal of Independent Treasury, fyc.—Mr. Pickens.
B. oí Il«p.
by (he same voice which, it is said, decreed this
Bank, will be received as a competent and credi-
ble witness. Hear, then, what John Tyler says
upon this subject. On page eight of his message to
this Congress, at' the opening of the session, is the
following;
"The late contest, which terminated in the election of General
Harrison to the Presidency, was decided on principles well
known and openly declared; and, while the Sub-Treasury re-
ceived, m the result, the most decided condemnation, yet no
other scheme of finance seemed to have been concurred in."
This, sir, is the official language of the acting
President. What could be more pointed on thh
subject? But this is not all. On page seven, of
the same document, in speaking of the decision of
the people upon this question of a Bank, he says:
"The charter of. ihe Bank of the United States expired by its
own limitation in 1936. An effort was mudeto revive it, which
received the sanction of the two Houses of Congress; but the
President of theUnited States exercised his veto power, and the
measure was defeated. A regard to truth requires me to say
that the President was fully susta'ned m the course he had
taken by the popular voice. His successor m the chair of
state unqualifiedly pronounced his opposition to any new char-
ter of a similar institution; and not only the popular election
which brought him into power, but the elections through much
of his term, seemed clearly to indicate a concurrence with him
in sentiment on the part of the people."
This, Mr. Chairman, is the evidence of John
Tyler, acting under the high responsibility of Pre-
sident. But I shall be much mistaken, if you look
into (he whole course of a long public life, if you
do not find that all his acts are in perfect unison
with that papular voice which he tells you has
so repeatedly decided against a National Bank.
Yes, sir; it is to those very opinion? of his, so often
expressed,that he is indebted for his present elevated
position. It was to gain the co operation of the
State rights parly, who contend for a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, that induced the con.
vention at Harrisburg to put John Tyler on the
Whig ticket; and now, having by their aid been
successful, they turn round and say that the people
have decided in favor of a Bank, and denounce all
those who deny it and resist the Bank as "Vir-
ginia abstractionists."
I am done, sir, with this witness in the cxami-
in chief, and turn him over to my friends on the
other side for cross-examination; begging them to
remember that the?e, his avowed principles, were,
at least befote'the election, by them approved.
I shall at this time refrain from reviewing the
opinions of our la'e Chief Magistraie upon this
question. That personage is now quietly resting
in the tomb. He has paid the great debt of nature;
prematurely, as I firmly believe, hurried to ihe
grave by the constant and ceaseless applications to
his kind nature for office and place, of one sf the
most reckless and desperate hordes of cant;? fol-
lowers that ever vexed an honest man, or disgraced
God's footstool,
[Here the Chairman called Mr. Kknnedv to
order, stating that these remarks were out of
order.]
Mr. Kennedy: Well, Mr. Chairman, these last
remarks may have been out of order; I do not
know whether they are or not. But thh I do know,
they are as true as gospel, in or out of order. But,
to resume. Whatever may have been the opinions
of General Harrison upon this question, I know
that many of his most warm and influential friends
firmly believed that he was opposed to a National
Bank. In proof of this, I will relate a circum-
stance which took place under my own eye.
Whilst canvassing for my sost on this floor, in the
course of the last spring, I met one of my Wh;g
competitors at one of our county courts. After I
had addressed the people upon the suhj.ct of a
Bank, and expressed my fears that such an institu-
tion would be established under the pretext that it
had been decreed by the people in the last Prssi-
dential election, my competitor followed me; and
in the course of his remarks h". stated " that Gen.
Harrison had lived and died opposed to a National
Bank; and that, could his voice be now heard
from ihe silence oí the grave, it would be raised in
warning his friends against establishing another
National Bank." Such, sir, was the language of
one of his most devoted friends, high in public con-
fidence in my own Sute.
I will not say, Mr. Chairman, there was no
question decided by the people at the late Presi-
dential contest.    I will not say that principle was
entirely put out of view, and passion appealed to;
but I will say that, if this question was decided at
all, it was «gains! the Bank. Sir, there was one
thing decided in that controversy; and I hope I will
be pardoned for saying that, in my view, that was
all that was decided. Tint was, that Mr. Van
Buren should give place to General Harrison, who
the people decided should be, for the next four
years, the tenant of she White House. 1 will not
stop to point out all the means resorted to, to con-
vince ihe people of the necessity of this change.
I will not repeat the thousand and one charges of
extravagance which were trumpeted through the
land—charges which are now ireely admitied to
be without foundation. I will not enumerate the
numberless instances in which the answers to ques-
tions of national policy were withheld from the "pub-
lic eje," and the people besought to exercise a hule
"generous confidence." I will not stop to show
hat when the people asked for an expression of
principles upon wmch the Government would be
administered, the uniform answer was—hard cider
and log cabin. Sir, these things are still fresh in
the recollection of all; and I have no disposition to
again get into hot blood Mid high words with my
Whig friends. Bat this much I will say to them,
in all ¡soberness: those who planned and conducted
the late campaign, have taken upon themselves a
weighty and tremendous responsibility. Where
are the public morals, good faith, temperance, and
even the Christian religion? Look to the increase
oí crime, drunkenness, dissipation, and all the
evils of a corrupt ¡.tate of public morals, which
daily greet us at every coiner. Sir, all the wor.*t
passions of human nature have been aroused—all
the virUes of life are now prostrate in the dust,
uprooted, destroyed, and rolled over by empty rider
barrels! Let those who have invoked this storm
look well to ii; they must answer to their country
and to their God for the ravages of this tremendous
hurricane which they have conjured up for the sole
and simple purpose of displac ng the Democratic
party who were lately in power.
But let me ask, Mr. Chairman, why is it that
this meat-uie ¡s pres-sed upon us with such pertina-
city at this time? Why are we huuied at tbi* extra
session, called together for ¡he purpose of providing
revenue, without the most remote reference to this
subject, sitting here under ihe burmns rays of a
midsummer sun? Why, I say, is it (hat we are
now pressed to this question? Sir, there can be
but one answer—the friends of this bill dare not
let this question come before t'j.e people of the
country. It is the la^.t dying struggle of Federal-
ism in this land.    Now or never is the mouo.
You may pass this bill now. Yuu have the
power to do so. Yes, sir, it will pais, word for
word, letter for letter, figure for figureras it now
is. This has been decreed in anolhsr room of this
Capitol, in caucus. But, I warn you, it will not
do. The peop'e, upon whom you will place this
galling chain, will break it link from link, and east
the broken fragments into the tee'h of thore who
forged it. Yes, sir; this will they do, un'ess the
spirit of freedom, which once animated the bosoms
of our nMe sires, i* totally extinct m the breasts of
ther degenerate sons.    That I will not believe.
The few additional remarks that I shall make, I
will confine to lhat section of the bill which refers
to the branching power, and which is in the words
followinc:
"And the said directors n^ay falso establish one or more com-
petent offices of discount and deposite in any Territory or D's-
trict of the United ¡States, and in any State, with the coneen' ,.f
such State, And when established, the said office or offices
shall be only withdrawn or removed by the said directors prior
to the expiration of this chatter, with the pievious assent of
Congress: Provided, m respect to any State which shall nor,
at the first session of the Legislature thereof held after the pas-
sage of this act, by resolution, 01 other usual legislative pro-
ceeding, unconditionally assent or dissent to the establishment
of such office or offices within h, such assent of the said Sute
shall be thereafter presumed. A/ul provided, neveTtheless,
That whenever it sha!! become necessary and proper tor car-
rying into execution anv of the powers granted by the Conm-
tution to estaohsh an office or offices in any oí the States what-
ever,and the establishment theteofsbail be directed by !aw, it
shall be tho duty of said directors to establish such office or
offices accordingly."
The first part of this strange feature of the bill
prtts the right to locats a branch of this bank upon
the assent ot the State in which it is to be located.
But, as if there was a fear that the assent could not
be procured, it is immediately changed so as to re-
quire the State to dissent, or its assent w^uld-sbe
presumed. Not content with that, it "still ,g,o«s
forther, and provides that unless there is «¡dig^t
entered in some of the usual forms of tegislfftim,
at the next meetings of the Legislatures.aiser,%e
passage of this bill, then forever after said-Sfaíeás
to be taken as assenting....... _.*. ■{,,
Here, sir, is a palpable attempt to prevéíjitJiie
expression of the Will of the people ;oftberS8ites
upon this subject., Tjiere is an evident hope ¡en-
tertained that, ihough there may. be a clear and stri-
dent majority of the representatives of tfaie-people
entering their dissent in one branch of the iigi&la--
lure, yet there may still be found one of a majority
in the other branch who will refuse to enter; bis
dissent; or, should both branches agree with-
out a single exception to refuse admission to this
branch, yet the Executive may be brought to re-
!use until ihe Legislature adjourns; and that once
doms, the Sta'e has assented by this provision, .Rot-
withstanding nine-tenths of the people and their re-
presentatives have been clamorous in their opposi-
tion. This seems to me much like a deliberate in-
sult to the Siates. It is like placing a criminal at
th  bar of your court, telling him lhat he is charged
with a high offence against the laws of the country;
and, at the tima you read the indictment, inform-
ing him that unless he speaks out and denies the-
charge in'ianter, it shall be taken as confessed. Sir,
this is not nil. At the instant you require the State?
to plead to your indictment, you deprive them of
the power of speech, by trammelling their free ex-
previon of opinion, saying that they must speak
through ell their usual organs of legislation. This
is reaUy a sirange attitude in which you are placing
these sovereign States. But, Mr. Chairman, this
is not all. If, in despite of aU the trammels you
have attempled to throw around them, one of the
Statts should, by a miracle, be able to open her
mouth m your prescribed mod , and say ¡she will
not have within her borders a branch of your
"fiscality"—what then? Why, sir, you close up
this beautiful compromise feature, by declaring you
will put it there in spite of her and her remon-
strances ! This caps the climax. Here is a di-
rect proposition of seduction, accompanied with a
th: eat that if persuasion is not successful, force
shall be used to accomplish the dastardly object.
Sir, the language that would best characterize
this proposition would not become this hall, there-
fore I refrain from its use. But I must be per-
mitted to say, that, in my mind, it is a species of
truckling chicanery totally unworthy the Congress
of this Union. Sir, if in the course of my remarks
I have used what may be termed a homely phrase,
or a tart expression, I beg you to believe that it is
not with the view of hurting the feelings of any
one. No, sir, such is my mode of expression; it is
all the language I have. I have never had the
blessing : of an education, which would enable me
to select the beautiful, or the sublime, in whieh to
clothe my ideas; on the contrary, my youth was
spent over the blacksmith's muñí, wielding the pon-
derous sledge-hammer, to procure an honest living.
Mr Chairman, I will now conclude my remarks,
by saying lhat, should this bill pass this House, as
I feel confident it will; and should it receive the
assent of the Executive, as I trust in God it will not
—I, fir one, will never cease my opposition to it,
though that opposition may be humble and weak;
yet, such as it is, it shall never cease, until my head
is beneath the sod, or this bill wiped fiom the
statute-book by an unconditional REPEAL!
SPEECH OF MR. PICKENS,
OP SOTJTII CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives, Jiugusl 9, 1841—On
the bid to repeal ¡he Independent Treasury, and
on the creation of a United States Bank.
Mr. PICKENS spoke in substance a? follows:
Mr. CHAiftMAN: The boyish rule lhat yon have
adopted as a limi'auon on debate in this House,
will prevent me from  noticing ihe many ignorant
and dogmatical arguments ibat have been used for
the last'week on the other side in this debate.   I
shall confine myself to the prominent points which
at present occupy the public mind.   I have ever
viewed the bill you now propose to repeal, as well
as its great antagonist the United States Bank, as
