aes
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1S4Í.
2fTñ C«nG""1st-Sbss.
Repeal of Independent Treasury, fyc.—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
involving principles calculated to produce a pro-
found impression upon the distribution of wealth
and the wages of labor. I have never looked
upon these measures as affecting the success of
this or that party. I have considered them in re-
lation to their effects upon the permanent interests
of the country. The currency of a country is its
lifeblood; if it be corrupted and unhealthy, the whole
system becomes languid and nervous. Those who
act from party feelings, or from motives of parti-
san, success, on such subjects, do great wrong to
themselves and lasting injury to their country.
Connected with this subject, I lay down this ge-
neral proposition—'hat nothing tends more to dis-
turb trade, exchanges, and currency, than the use
of Government credits, directly or indirectly. This
effect is*produced not only from the use of the
credit of the Slate or Government itself, but from
giving 10 associated wealth artificial credit by
creating corporations. They are all great disturbers
of the natural course of trade. On  fundamental
reason why 1 have advocated the Independent
Treasury is, that it was calculated to abstract Go-
vernment credit and resources from the business
concerns of the country.
To understand these propositions more fully, let
us look back at the state of things from 1834 to
* 1837. We find that every corporation throughout
the country, that obtained credit from an act of the
Legislature, instantly went abroad to borrow
what they called money. The States themselves
went into the same system on a gigantic scale.
The result was, that during that period there were
at least $300,000,000 in corporation and State cre-
dits shipped abroad, and exchanged indirectly lor
importations in the «bape, for the most part, of Eu-
ropean manufactures. They did not bring back
money, but only added nearly to that amount m
the importation  of foreign productions over and
above what would have been naturally demanded
by the regular course of trade, and which could
have been paid for by the exports from our pro-
ductive labor. The consequence was the commer-
cial catastrophe of 1837. From the immense ex-
pansion of the times, corporations and State credits
were cheaper and easier to ship than produce; and
the consequence would have been, if the opera-
tion could possibly have been continued and sus-
tained, that finally produce would have been too
dear to export at all, whilst every thing would liave
taken the shape of credit in some form or other.
But the revulsion came, as was inevitable: and
what mow is the state ot things? According to the
report of the Secretary of (he Treasury in Decem-
ber last, we find that, instead ot the imports ex-
ceeding the exports by at least the amount of pro-
fits and trade, they were actually about $95,000,000
below the exports. The exports for 1840 were
#131,571,950, and the imports for the same time
were only |104,805,891. This was a remarkable
fact in the history ot the exports and imports of the
country. The balance (of about $95 000,000) was
used in paying the interest, and liquidating part of
the debt owed in Europe. In the year 1839, our
imports exceeded the imports of 1840 by $57,286,-
241. This, too, is a most extraordinary fact for a
time of peace. It is these great vibrations that pro-
duce the derangement and pressure of the country;
and they were caused again by the free use of State
credits for the previous year?. The importation in
1839 was stimulated by the bank stocks, State
bonds, and railroad stock, that were oflVred al-)
though in smaller amounts than in 1835 and 1S36)
on the London exchange in 1838, at the h>gh rate
of six per cent, which tempted capitalists to invest;
and the consequence w¡>s a tide of importations in
1839 above the natural demands of the country.
And here, again, we see the necessity of a small
importation in tiie jear 1840, and the consequent
stagnation and depression. But what is the final
effect of of low import? It will be to give regu-
larity, by bringing things down to a proper level,
and exchanging the produce ef labor, instead of
credits, which tend so much to derange trade.
State as well as corporation credits are no<v down,
and can no longer be shipped with advantage. Let
things alone—rely upon productive labor, the true
source of wealth—and the country will soon right
itself.   Attempt again to use credit as a substitute
for produce, and you do nothing but involve trade
in derangement, and perpetrate a great injustice
upon productive labor.
What is the tendency of the measures proposed
at this session? There are no credits that can be
raised in the States, which can bear par in a fo-
reign market. And the great struggle now is to
get the use of the credit of this Federal Govern-
ment, which is to be carried into the foreign^ mar-
ket. True, your home capitalist may, in the first
instance, get hold of that credit by advances; but
the final d*stiny of most of it in hi^ hands will be
the foreign market. Your loan of $12,000,000,your
united States Bank stock of #10,000,000—with a
great probability of the final increase to $16,500.000,
according to the condition of the bill, andyour dis-
tribution of the land revenue; or, which is the same
thing, your funding the public domain, at the
rate of at least $50,000,000—all will tend directly
to swell the tide of foreign importations resting up-
on this mass of Government stocks, instead of the
natural wants of the country, according to the pro-
ductive labor of the country sent abroad in its ex-
ports. This will flood the country with foreign
goods, and again disturb currency and exchange,
insteadof giving them a healthy and sound regu-
lation. What is the result of all this, as far as pro-
ductive labor is concerned? Mr. P. said it was
inevitable. Capitalists would get control cf the
credits of this Government, precisely a* they had
heretofore of the State credits. It would be that
class of capitalists whose capital, being chiefly
vested in deposites, money, and stocks was
moveable, and csuld easily be transferred into new
channels as they were open tor investment. They
would then use these stocks to bring back produc-
tions that came directly into competition with the
productions of those whqse capital was fixed and
could net be withdrawn from existing investments.
For instance: three-fourths of the capital vested in
manufactures consisted of houses, machinery,
water-power, &c. and could not be changed into
the fluctuating investments of Government stocks.
So it was with investments in land and its pro-
ducís. Capital there could not take advantage of
change of investment. Those who consumed im-
portations brought in on Government credits,would,
but for that circumstance, have consumtd domes-
tic productions; or, at least, Government credits
brought in more than the natural demands of the
country would need. Tne effect of this was to
bring those who were able to get possession of
th«e credits (money dealers) into direct competi-
tion, with the pro&ls of fixed capital and produc-
tive labor. It had  l.-o its corresponding and in-
cidental effects upon all claves oí ¡abor. The
result of this at first would be to produce a
fictitious and deceptive appearance of prosperity;
but this would be quickly succeeded by reaction
and a proportionate condition of mercantile dis-
tress and embarrassment. It require, no foresight
(continued Mr P.) to see how it will operate upon
all those who depend on the home market for the
sale of domestic productions Nothing can pro-
tect them but a very high tariff upon importations,
so as to cut them off. And even that will be final-
ly delusive, as it will increase ihe price of produc-
tion, and swell the cost of every thing up to the
standard taised as protection. This, wi,h Go-
vernment credits, will create expansion, extend
circulation, and finally make the home price so
high as to admit the foreign importations again into
competition. This will be immediately ihe case,
if credits are so cheap as to admit of their shipment
to greater advantage than produce.
-I would now ask those who represent Connecti-
cut, and those who represent Pennsylvania—the
heart and centre of thedomestieprodueti n interest
—if, after the experience of the last seven years m
ibis system, the/ are prepared to put it again into
operation? If they represent changeable capital,
then they may be right; but if ihey represent fixed
capital and labor, then the system will be produc-
tive to them, as it ever has been, of embarrassment
and ruin. What they want is a steady market, re-
gulated by demand and supply, for productive la-
bor. It is the use of Government credit, in its va-
r.ous shapes and forms, that disturbs, more than
any other single cause, trade, exchanges, and cur-
rency.
I do not say that Government credits may not be
used in some cases. In case ota war, or an un-
usual a>d extiaordinary juncture of circumstances,
they might be used moderately to advantage. Go-
vernment might also use its own credit in the col-
lection and disbursement of its revenues, to a cer-
tain extent, without much derangement of trade
or currency. But sven there it has i's limit. It
can scarcely ever exceed one-fifth' of the revenue,
without falling below par. For instance: if the
Government were to collect $20,000,000 annually
in revenue, it might perhaps use its own credit to'
the amount cf $4,000,000. If it were in debt to
any extent, more might be used. And this could
be done at a very low rate of interest—perhaps
with no interest, and only receivabihty. On this
subject there is an identity of interest between the
producer of domestic exports, and the producer of
domestic manufactures. The producer of the do-
mestic export sells under a foreign standard, which
is gold and silver, as they are the fixed standards
of the world; and he buys pioperty under the local
or home standard, which under extended credits
and paper expansion, is necessarily high. The
consequence is, that he sells produce low, and
buys property high. What he wants it, io buy un-
der ths same s'andard he sells by. The contrary ope-
ration is productive of embarrassment and loss.
Now the producer of domestic manufactures has
precisely the same interest in the home standard
that the producer of domestic exports has. If cre-
dits and expansion swell "circulation, prices will
rise at home so as to admit toreign production at a
high rate into competition freely in the home mar-
ket. The consequence is, that all Government cre-
dits, hy creating local expansion, come directly in-
to conflict and competition with productive labor
in every department. Hence it is that they pro-
duce an unjust distribution of wealth, and an in-
jurious effect upon the permanent wages of labor.
Under local expansion, created by Government
and corporation credits, stocks arise, real estate
rises, and property of all kinds has a nominal rise;
but the wages of labor are the last tq lise. What
th: laborer wants is, to convert his labor into
property. But under credit expansion he cannot
do io; as property ries, and his labor is stationary,
or at least but very little affected. It is those who
have moveable capital that reap the whole advan-
tage of Government credi.s. The truth is, that
God and nature have made the is.terests of produc-
tive labor, whether vested in racing domestic ex-
ports, or m producing manufactures or any thing
el>>'' for home consumption, identical and united.
And it is nothing but Government, and the igno-
rant and pragmatical experiments of man, that
have ever separated them.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are told that a United
States Bank is to reconcile every thing. Let us,
for a moment, look into the difference in the state
of the country now, and in 1816, er in 1791. At
the latter period, the Government had assumed and
created a debt of something like $80,000,000. It
was, for the most part, owed in the country. So,
in 1816, we had incurred a debt of $130,000,000
by ihe war. But this also was principally owed
in this country. You created a National Bank,
resting upon that debt. This justified a high reve-
nue to pay off that deb*. And it was through this
high revenue that you created a surplus fund,
which the Bank used to control your currency and
exchanges. How it operated, I will hereafter
show. But, now, what is the state of the country?
We have had no war, and the Government is com-
paratively f.ee from debt to any extent. But a
foreign debt is owed by the countiy, through
Sutes and corporations, &c. to ku extent of near
$200,000,000, as estimated by many. Now, sir,
you create a Bank, with no debt due by the Go-
vernment at home, but with the country under a
foreign debt; and what is the consequence? Why,
connect it with your Government credits you pro-
pose to create, and the first effect will be to
swell expansion, and then foreign exchange will
be against the country. And then there will be a
demand lor exportation of specie. And your Na-
tional Bank, if, it attempt to regulate exchange,
