0&
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1S41,
2£!¡**Q&ró....l«T Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury, fyc___Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
regtélate this kind of exchange, it could onlv do so
by pursuing the same course it did in 1820 and
1891, itfheo it made the attempt. What was then
trie operation^ Its branfehes, particularly in the
Wésf and South and Simfhwest, got possession of
thfe local circulation, and ran upon the lorisl banks
f6rs^*8e to strengthen the mother' and central
bíatíches-at Philadelphia and New York; the re-
sult ,Qf which would be to concentrate all the spe-
cteóf the cotfntfy in its own vaults. With its pub-
Mé SepMtes, and the disbursements of the national
rMfenúe*', lio local bank could stand its opera-
tksii. 'In 1819,1826, and 1821, it broke almost
every bank in the West and Southwest. The
country was prostrated under it; and such must in-
evitably be agam the operation of a central Go-
vertíment institution, with its branches in the re-
mote States. It will use the power and resources
of the Federal revenues to oppress and ruin our lo-
cal institutions. I am not left to conjecture in this
matter. It was the history of the last Bank. Mr.
Biddle avowed the policy in a communication, as
president of that institution, to a committee of
Congress, dated 16th April, 1832. He used the
following language:
^Thewhole force of the institution was therefore directed to
strengthen tttat place, (New York,) and the distant branches
werer ditected to avoid incommoding it, and the Atlantic
branches near to them, by drafts upon them, but to pay then
balances to them with as little delay as the convenience of their
respective localities wotlid permit This is the whole policy of
the Bank in the last six months. It will be seen, therefore, that
without a diminution there is an actual increase of business
in New York, and a large increase of the domestic bills at the
branches; the increase in New York being for the purpose of
protecting the interest there, and the increase of the remit-
tances being from the West and South to sustain New York
and the Northern Atlantic branches. In assuming this part on
the present occapion, the Bank deemed itself only acting as it
was designed to act by the Congress wmch created it, and
placing iwelfin its true natural attitude to the Governmentand
the country."
I think Mr. Cheves and Mr. Biddle have both
declared that there was no period of thtir presiden-
cy of that institution when thfy could not, if they
had chosen, have exercised its power so as to have
prostrated any local bank they might think proper.
It is a strange infatuation to see men eager to
place the local institutions particularly of the
South and West, at the mercy of such an institu-
tion. Are we prepared to sacrifice oui local stock-
holders, who have vested their all in our State
banks, for the interest of a new central Government
Bank? It arises from the delusion as to ex-
changes. Create such a Bank, and if it gives
you a circulation that shall be equal every where,
it can only be done by making us paper equal to
gold and silver; and if it be equal to gold snd sil-
ver, it will then require as much produce, or as
much of any thing to get it as to get gold and
silver.
If your local paper be not convertible then, it
will require just as much of that to procure the
money of a .United States Bank, as it would to pro-
cure gold and silver now, or available funds. The
local paper would be just as much bslow the
United Slates Bank standard as it would be below
specie pai—that is, if the United States Bank pi-
per should be equal every where; and it would on-
ly be so, because of its, equality with the specie
standard. And this I have demonstrated from the
price of bank paper, which I have «shown you in
the tables presented for the different years of the
existence of the last Bank: to this might be added
the edit uf transportation, of specie. Now, then,
when you establish branches of a national institu-
tion, and make its circulation equal to gold and
silver, ihen will commence the system of compar-
ing the paper ot your State institutions with that of
the branch at the nearest, point; and the conse-
quence will be, that private brokerage will be
transferred to the counters of the branch, and your
local paper wn! be shaved theri. Ftom its con-
nection with the revenues of the Government and
a central institution sustained by public depo-
sites, it will get control of fictitious exchanges,
and, as an inevitable constquencs, will «ici-
fice, in emergency, the distant points to sustain
the centre. It cannot be, nor ever has been,
- otherwise. This kind of equalizing exchanges
is all nominal. There may be only one-half or
threeMoarlhc per cent, between the branch and 'he
central institution; but the circulation of the local
banks will be still below par, in exact proportion to
their convertibility at a commercial point. This
was the case, as I have shown from the
tables presented. It will take just the same
amount of local paper, or of produce, to ob-
tain the general and equal circulation, under
that system, as it does to procure specie, with the
exception of the cost of transportation. Any two
specie points are now equal in exchange, except as
to cost of transportation and the difference in trade.
Productive labor can receive no advantage from
any other system than the preservation of the specie
standard; and that can be done by this Govern-
ment using it entirely in it? dues and disburse-
ments, and by the States enforcing convertibility in
their local institutions. True, the Government
might use certificates of deposite made in gold or
iilver, either on account of public funds, or even
of private funds made in public depositaries, pro-
perly authenticated, where the certificate represent-
ed dollar for dollar and suilder for guilder. Such
a circulation, strictly limited, might be used with-
out expansion, or derangement to commerce, or in-
jury to labor.
This idea of regulating exchanges and paper cir-
culation has been taken from the operations of the
Bank of England. That Bank has heretoi'cra.
adopted, as the basis of this reguhtion, the state
of the exchanges; making them the barometer of
their currency or circulation. When exchanges
were against the Bank, it assumed that their cus •
íency was too expanded; and when in their favor,
the reverse—unless at a very low rale. So that,
when exchanges are against them, they raiss the
price of interest, and consequently contract dis-
counts and circulation; and the revene when in
their favor. They have heretofore supposed this
to be a perfect test of the true level ot currency.
Yet, so far from exchanges being a trae test of
the proper level of currency, it is subject to so
many modifications and variations as to amount
to nothing certain. If all nations were to have
Mu ays the same trade, and the same laws
to regulate it, then we might see the proposition ap-
proach something nearer to truth. But every new
tariff or tax law will alter the relation of exports
and imports to a certain extent, and consequently
affect exchanges. The proposition alio assumes
that there will always be the same amount of pro-
duction, whereas ihe seasons themselves change
constantly in different countries, altering the rela-
tion of demand and ?upply. So it is with many
other thing! that will suddenly and invariably af-
fect exchanges without the slightest relation to
whether the circulation be above the proper level
of currency or not. No fallacy can be greater
than to suppose that any bank, either here or in
England, can regulate exchanges. Look at the
operations of the Bank of England for the last three
years, and it will show us some experience on the
subject of exchanges being under the control of a
Bank. In January, 1838, the Bank had a s-tock of
bullion in its vaults of ¿£8,895,000 sterling,* which
had, before that period, been considered about
¿£1,000,000 more than was necessary for a sound
«ate of the currency and circulation. But what
was the operation of the year? It was supposed,
from the prevalence of w&t weather, that the crop
of grain would fad; and the consequence was, that
in August, 1838, exchanges began to set against
England.
On the 8th January, 1839, the bullion in the
vault of ihe Bank was ¿£9,336,000,1 which was
¿£4il,000 moie than Ihe January b'fore; and
jet what was the remarkable fact? In a few
months exchanges ran so steadily against the Bank,
tha; on the 21 April the stock of bullion had
diminished to ¿£7,073,000, or a drain had been
made, in lhat short time, of ¿£2,263,000 to meet ex-
changes. The reason was, that from the failure
of the home crop, large importations of grain had
been made from the Baltic. It was from this state
of things, and not from the small stock of
bullion, or excessive circulation, (although there
had been, m the winter of 1828, a patiiai expan-
•Report of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures at
Manchestei, 1840, page 7
t Report of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures at
Manchester on the Bank of England, 1840, page 11.
sion and low interest,) thai exchanges ran s > steadi-
ly against England. The consequence would have
been, that the bank would have been compelled to
suspend, or the Government would have been com-
pelled to prevent it by issuing exchequer bills for
its temporary relief,' it it' had not been for th«
timely aid procured from the Bank of Prance.
The demand for gold for exportation continued,
in the face of the fact that the directors raised the
price of interest to 5 per cent, and on 20th June,
1839, they advanced it 5i per cent, and on 1st
August it was fixed at the unprecedented rate of
6 pir cent. The draia of bullion still continued,
and they were compelled to obtain ¿62,000,000, or
about $10,000,000, from the Bank of France.
How can any man talk about a bank regulating
exchanges after this? It is all a delusion. No
National Bank—nor the Government itself—nor
any other power on earth—ever has, or ever can
regulate exchanges. Nothing but the course of
trade, which is as irresistible and uncontrollable
as the laws of nature, can regulate these things.
This, again, is regulated by the universal principle
of demand and supply. AH interference with this,
under the visionary idea of regulating it, either
through the Government, or through the agency of
a bank, on public funds, is perpetrating gross in-
justice to individuals, and deep wrong to produc-
tive labor. It can end in nothing but changing the
distribution of wealth.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must pass on to another
subject. It has been said for the last three years
that the cause of the embarrassments of the coun-
try, and the revulsion in commerce, was owing to
the war of Government upon credit; and that the
Independent Treasury, which you now propose to
repeal, has been the ruin of the land. This has
been repeated by a thousand demagogues; and it
has been uttered so boldly in the very arrogance of
ignorance, that many honest people have been in-
duced to believe it Let us analyze it by the his-
tory of the facts which have been developed to
us within the last few years. We can all now look
back upon the past, and examine the scenes through
which we have gone. Need I tell you of the state
of things in 1834, 1835, and 1836? To look back
now, seems more like a dream than any thing
else.
It will be recollected that I have laid down the
proposition, ihat nothing tended more to disturb
trade, exchanges, and currency, than the free use
of Government credits. I have shown you that in
1834 the Government deposites were increased to
$11,702,905 31, and they were placed m the State
banks throughout the Union, which stimulated
them to enlarge their discounts so as to counteract
the operalions of the United States Bank. About
this time a great expansion began in England as
well as here. In 1835 the East India Company de-
posited in the Bank of England a large amount of
funds (more than ¿£2,000,000) to be loaned out.
This, together with other causes, made interest low
in London. America furnished an extensive
field for investment. Turnpike, railroads, and ca-
nal companies were about opening new and fertite
regions in every State in the Union. Banks were
daily increased. The States themselves became in-
toxicated with the general excitement. They joined
with their corporations in borrowing largely.
Their stocks, as well as every other sort of Ameri-
can slocks, were daily sold on the London ex-
change. In the single year of 1836, two hundred
joint-stock banks, including branches, were created
in Great Britain. This swelled the tide of circu-
lation and credits. In 1836 the pablie deposites
of this Government had increased to $26,749,-
803 96. The local banks lhat held this immense
amount of public funds increased their business
upon it. The whole country became one madden-
mgand dizzy whirl of speculation. Go upon ex-
change in your large cities, and you might see maps
and drawings of splendid cities all along your lake
coast and the interior of the unknown West, With
most glowing descriptions of their rising prospects
—street  ¡aid out and houses built—and yet not a
tree cut, in reality, upon the site, and not a
tuft of grass removed. Every little country vil-
lage had sts lots v.p ib market, and all selling from
$500 to $10)000 the square acre.    Every thing
