sso_______________
"STth C«mg*"-1st Sess.
lected in credit depreciated, by the act of <Jovern-
ment, to facilitate their imposition. Under thi3
system the national debt was increased, in the pe-
riod of the twenty-four years succeeding 1793,
from, about 240,000,000 to 850,000,000 pounds
sterling—an increase of ¿6610,000,000, or more
than #3,000,000,000. And how,s,ir, were prices
and labor affected, by these two systems of curren-
cy, during that war? Why, sir, Thomas Attwood
stated m the House of Commons, without contra-
diction, m 1822, that, during this period, "no ma-
terial rise had taken place in the moneyed price of
the agricultural productions of ¡France;" whilst, as
we learn from other authorities, the price of the
quartern loaf had risen in England, during the
sane period, from foarpence halfpenny to one shil-
ling. The operatives of Frasee rose elastic from
beneath the pressure when the war had terminated,
whilst the same event seemed to develope but the
more rapidly symptoms of hopeless decline in the
English laboring classes.
But, Mr. Chairman, I come now to the conside
ration of the promise that this Bank is to give us
a stable standard of value and a uniform system
of exchanges. How, sir, is it to give us a more
stable standard of value than specie itself? The
amount of paper money circulated by this Bank
and its affiliated institutions must either be equal
to, or greater than, the amountof «pscie which would
be current in the country if there were no such pa
per. Less, it cannot long be; for then specie would
flow in, until its amount was increased so as to
correspond with the general level of that currency
throughout the world. If, however, it should be
more, (as would generally be the case,) the evils
arising from the increased quantity and the dimi-
nished value of credit, to which I have before ad-
verted, would ensue. But if it should be equal to
the amount of specie which would otherwise be in
circulation, why not have the specie at once? The
difference in the com of material would not justify
us in incurring the acknowladged dangers of a pa-
per currency, nor could it compensate us for the
political and moral evils of such an institution as
that now before us. But, in point of fact, the
very attempt to create a credit standard of value
destroys the equilibrium of the currency. It expels
specie, produces an excess of credit, and alters the
relative value and prices of property nnd of labor.
A credit measure of value is liable to all the fluc-
tuations of the credit system, it may be, and often
is, increased at will, without reference to the trade
or the real wants of the country Its amount and
its value are affected not only by the acts of the
corporatio s created to regulate it, but by the acts
of others over whom Ihey have no control. Its
value is affected by the acts of Government, of in-
dividual speculators, and even of foreign na'ions.
The Bank of England, with comparatively a small
extent of country to guard in its providence, and
with the aid of the whole resources of that mighty
empire, has eminently failed in its attempts to fur-
nish a stable and just standard of value. It has sus-
pended specie payments for twenty four years at a
time. We have ourselves seen us credit shaken by
the failure of a few commercial houses engaged m
the American trade. Sull more lately, a failure in
their corn crop has again brought it to the eve of
another suspension; and but for a loan from its
great rival, me Bank of France, whose credit still
reposes upon a more substantial basis of specie, it
must have been involved in the mo«t disgraceful
difficulties. Our own boasted Bank of the United
States presented us with a scarcely more encourag-
ing experience. For the first five ot six years cf
its charter, it dragged heavily on, viih doubtful
credi, and disastrous results to trade and currency
Its issues may be said to have oscillattd betweeu
the extremes of contraction and expansion during
nearly the whole period of its existence A table
of its expansions and contractions, drawn by q dis-
tinguished Senator of New Hampshire from official
documents, shows that its "circulation, which was
214 millions m 1832, fell in oneyeai to 174 mil-
lions, or nearly 20 per cent. In the next year it
rose to 19 2-10 millions, or 19 per cent Again it
fell in 1834 to 17* millions, or quite 10 per eent;
aid had risen by the 1st of January, 1836, to 8*
nr.lltdw, ot ?8 jw WftV1 $5t. Gri'atm, m his
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hunter.
last edition of his pamphlet upon currency, more
than intimates that the eourse of this institution,
during the continuance of its national charter,
must have led to the same disastrous results which
have disgraced the fallen successor to its name
since its existence as a State institution. The idea
that foreign exchanges, under any system of laws,
however strict they may be, can correct the ine-
qualities of bank credit as a measure of value, has
proved to be entirely fallacious. The foreign de-
mand is partially excluded or suspended by our
protective system of duties, so long as those du-
ties afford protection. And if the banks were
not thus invited to imprudent issues by our legisla-
tion, they would not pay specie before it was de-
manded. Whilst, then, we continue to depreciate
our credit, foreign nations will trade m it, and they
will not demand specie so long as this credit affords
a more profitable exchange for their goods. Nor
can the rates of exchange rise until the demand
is made for money, we have seen these rates al
most instantly reversed by the issue of post notes
or State stocks When the demand for less valua-
ble credit has ceased, these higher forms again pro-
duce it, and when this demand for credit is re-
newed, exchanges become more favorable to the
country which is thus mortgaged. This, is conclu-
sive evidence that the very increase of national m-
debtness may produce a temporary rate of ex-
change which is nominally favorable. How, then,
can these foreign exchanges correct the inequali.
ties of bank issues?
But let us suppose this Bank to have accom-
plished all that can possibly be expected from it.
Let us suppose that it had a dollar in specie for
every paper dollar in circulation: would a dollar
in St. Louis be as valuable to me in Washington
as a dollai m New York? Or would a dollar at
Charleston be as valuabls to me in Iowa as a dol
lar at St Louis' And if the value of these dollars
would be different according to their places, how
could the value of the paper which represented
ihem be uniform over the country? Not by re-
deeming at any branch of this Bank the paper of
every other branch, the experience of the last
Bank proved this to be imposs ble. Mr. Crawford
was forced to recommend a protection of them
against this universal demand. And the Bank
finally protected itself by the device of branch
drafts, andbyiefusingforsome time to issue notes,
even upon a deposite of specie. In 1833 it refused
to redeem these branchnotes inNew York,anditis
manifestly impossible for any Bank long to con-
tinue to do so It cannot, unless it could make
exchanges between all places at par, and in
a territory so extensive, and wnh a trade
so vast as ours, this is manifestly impossible.
It may be said, however, that this difference
in the value of the paper of the various
branches is too small to be felt. Thisis, perhaps, true
of small transactions in this papers,—such, for in-
stance, as the traveller' ; but when the amounts
are large, the difference will be so sensibly felt, as
to evidence the want of uniformity in the value of
this currency On the other hand, too, it may be
said, truly, that this supposition is too favorable to
the Bank, as they never will have the exact
exact amount of paper in circulation represented
by specie in its vaults.
We have seen, Mr. Chairman, how delusive is
the promise of this institution to establish a «table
Mandard of value. What is the degree of confi
dence to be íeposed in its pledges in regard to ex-
changes?
Mucn, I krow, has been saiá of the uniform rate
of exchange? prrdueed by the legulation of the
la^l Bank of tve United Stites, but a re'erence to
a repo t upen ihi subject, made bv ihi*Sec e'ary
of the TWsarv on the 28¡h May, 1838, wil, show
ikat the rale of exchange was tar from being a
par, as between many points of 'h  Union arc!,
indeed, that it v as often quite equal to the ejp-nse
of transporting specie, which was (he highest rate
that could have existed if there had been no Bank
Sir, how could a Bank transport the balances ac-
cumulating at different places, under our vast
trade, over this wide expanse of territory, so as to
meet the precise times and places of the vanous
demands  f fftmmsrwl Bvea \\ u «mid tave
LOBE.________________Angnst, 1841.
H. of Rep .
achieved this task, the increase of our trade and
the extension of our settlements now fcrbid it,
with any amount of capiial which it would be
possible for the Bank directory to wield. It has
never attemted more than to assume one or two
points as the base of its operations, so as make the
exchanges equal as between these points and other
parts of the Union. It has not been expected
from it to reduce the exchanges to par, as between
all parts of the country. It has never been com-
pletely successful in the first attempt, and each
succeeding year, but adds to the hopelessness of such
an effort. This operation has had a powerful in-
fluence in centralizing trade in the favored points;
and, indeed, their power to effect this regulation
increases with the extent of the concentration of
commerce in some one particular place But even
this cannot be done without compensation to the
bank for the expense of these transfers. If money
be accumulated in New Orleans, whieh is intend-
ed to be used in New York, this transfer will cost
something, and this expense must be borne by
somebody. Justice suggests that the individuals
who are benefited by the operation should bear
the burden of us expense. But if the bank under-
dertakes the transfer without charge to those who
are particularly benefited, it must be compensa-
ted by somebody, as it cannot perform such tasks
gratuitously. This compensation is collected from
the community at large, through the privileges of
its charter, and thus all participate in the expense,
whilst but a few, comparatively, enjoy the bene-
fits. What would be said of Government if it
should make this transfer directly in its own ships,
without charge to the individuals who own the
funds' And is the justice of the case altered by
the fact that the Government indirectly pays the
bank to perform this service? In either ca >e, the
whole are taxed for the peculiar benefit of a part.
But there is a still greater injustice which this Go-
vernment bounty perpetrates, as between the points
of trade themselves The Tennessee planter, by
the sale of his live stock or tobacco, accumulates
funds in Charleston or New Orleans, which he de-
sires to use in New York The expense of trans-
ferring these funds is something—perhaps one or
one and a half per cent. To this extent the
New Orleans or Charleston importing mer-
chant enjoys a natural advantage in his
competition for the trade of the Tennessee
planter Th s, in connection with other circum-
stances, might enable him, in the end, to command
that trade, with mutual advantage to himself and
the planter. But if Government undertakes,
through its bank or ships, to perform this transfer
without charge to the individual, it not only wrests
this natural advantage from the importing mer-
chant at New Orleans, but makes him contribute to
the cost of the service which injures him. We
thus have Government directly interfering to cen-
tralize the whole commerce of the country in some
one particular place, and, although this affords
some facility for an artificial regulation of ex-
changes, it destroys that regulation by the natural
laws of trade, which would produce a sounder and
more equal state of things.
This concentration of trade in one place accom-
plishes the mad wish of the Emperor who desired
every head to be placed on one neck, that he might
economize the labor of destruction It creates a
necessity for a machinery in the regulation of ex
changes, ss> vast and complicated, that human skill
is incompetent to manage it. On the other hand,
the natural course of trade would regulate ex-
change with convenience and ju nee to all parties.
We should thus acquire mor facihty for bujmg
wnere we sell, Th'ch wou'd of ilsell dimm s>a, to a
great ex ent, the roc<"s>ily foi these tr-ins ers, and in
th  formaUrn of tanou?, though connected, sys-
tems of commerce and exchange, ue should feel
les-- generally the effects 01 a pressure, and bs less
under the dominion of foreign capitalists The
benefits of trado itself would be more evenly dis
tnbuted over the country, and 'mdustiy would ex-
hibit a more general spirit of activity. But, be
all these things as they may, it is obvious that, if
this Bank can regulate exchanges without charg-
ing individuals, it wnl not do so without corcpen-
s&ncn f'ow Qovwaítvot' mi wm mW seriously
