AugHst, 1841.                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;                                         ^91
27th Cons-••• 1st Sbss.                                  Fiscal Bank—Mr.  Hunter.                                                   H. oí Reps
maintain the justice of charging the community
generally for set vices rendered to particular inte-
rests or individuals. I might here refer to high
authorities at home and abroad for the opimon,now
daily gaming ground—that exchange, like every
other species of commerce, should be left to the re-
gulation of the laws of trade alone. But I will not
• dwell longer on thi, branch of the subject.
In discussing this bill, Mr  Chairman, I have
said nothing of the great political and social powers
of the institution which it proposes to  establish.
I have not dwelt upon the extent of those vast pri-
vileges which enaole it to transfer trade from one
class or section of this community to another. Nor
have I adverted to the effect it will have upon the
distribution of political power between the many
and the privileged few.     In my opinion, it will be
e ado wed with powers which this Government it-
self cannot and dates not to exercise directly    But
these views have been presented so often and clear-
ly by other , that there can be no necessity for re-
iterating them.   The public mind is already fami-
liar with these consideration5; and yet many, with
a fall view of these objection :,   have  overruled
them, under the idea that this Bank is absolutely
for maintaining the integrity of the credit system.
It is this idea which has procured the aid of so
many in the attempt to establish such an institu-
irán, and, believing it to be as false in doctrine as
it will prove pern.cious in practice, I have address-
ed myself to what I supposed to be the real source
of the error.   In doing this, it may be said that
I have opposed the whole banking system   of (he
country.    As a member of this  Houce, I have
nothing, and can have nothing, to do with State in-
stitutions    But I Ireely confess that I am oppos-
ed to the system as it now exists  I am entirely op
posed to uniting the functions of discount and issue
in the same institution     I go further, and declare
the belief that it is utterly  impossible to convert
any form of credit into a just and true standard of
value.   Bu',  at the same time, I am firmly con-
vinced that credit must alwa>s enter extensively
into the exchanges ot the country    I am far from
desiring it to be otherwiss: I wish to see it m the
full use of its functions.   But I object to its per-
version to purposes  which it cannot accomplish;
and I oppose the grant of bounties by law to par-
ticular classes o£ credit, at the expense of the
others
So far, Mr Chairman, I have argued only the
general question oí a United States Bank, I have
not adverted to  the particular objections to this
bill,  numerous as they are.   But there is   one
of its features so extraordinary and anomalous in
its character,   that I cannot close   my remarks
without   examining   it    I mean,   sir,   that sec-
tion   which   is   said   to   have   been   introduced
as   a compromise   to   reconcile   the   conflicting
opinions of tho«e who differed as  to the «ource
from whence this power of incorporation is to be
derived—some believing that this Governme-it can
exeicise no such power, except b/ compact with
the States, and othen, maintaining, that it i> does
not possfs this power under the general grants of
the Constitution, it cannot be acquired by agree-
ment  with  the particular  State      To  reconcile
tnese conflicting opinions, a provision has been in
tioduced, which, so fai front cfmrromising 'hese
differences, unites, ?s it seems to me, the objections
of both, and ought to he acceptable to nei'her    It,
in effect, enacts that branch?; of ti'« Bank may be
established   withm the   S ate-, if  their  Govern-
ments do nut dissent, an J that they sha 1 be there es-
tablished, even it the State^ do  dissnit, whenever
Congress shall fin i ¡t nee ' ary and prof er to do
so, id the execution of its granted  pov eis.   Tne
gentlemen from Kentucl , and Indiana [¿Jr. Mar-
shall and Mr PrjPpit] 1-ave bo n disscc ed ihio
amendment with great ability    Tne former ha?
given us a sinking, and, I fear, but too faithful a
picture of some if  the features of this hjbrid
monsier, wh ch is to result from 'he line t union of
Federal and State authorities.   I wi'l not say (as I
think one of them said, with much plausibility)
that it is an attempt to steal the assent of the
States.   I shall not follow the gentleman from
Indiana m his clear view of the difficulties m ob-
taining a fair expression of the opinion of each of
the  Slates at one session of its Legislature, when
its members may have been been elected without
knowledge of the  proposition to be made,  and
when the different branches of the State Govern-
ment may be divided upon the question; although
much might yet bs said  on the hypocrisy of pre
tending to ask the assent of a State, whilst condi-
tions are imposed wh'ch prevent the full and fair
expression of its opinion     Nor shall I attempt to
retouch the masterly picture which was drawn by
the gentleman from Kentucky, and present the full
view of the collisions between the Federal and
State authorities which this provision invites   And
yet the fierce opposition of opinion upon this floor,
as to the institution in question, might suggest
some reason for the further consideration of these
objections.   But, sir, I shall proceed at once  to
the examination of   the new modes of deriving
constitutional power, which this section presents.
It assumes two sources from which thr  power
may be derived, one from the Constitution itself,
wherever it shall be necessary and proper to use it,
in   the   exercise   of   granted   powers;  and   the
other, from compact with particular States.     It
assumes the first, as all admit; and it must assume
the second as a legitimate source of power, because,
by ns provisions, if the States assent, the branch
goes into operat'on by virtue of the compact, with-
out further legislation from Congress.   The first
questicn  I have promised not to  discuss, as I
am entirely satisfied with the argumen s of others
against the constitutionality of tha institution  m
this aspect of the case, but the latter involves
doctrines so monstrous and novel m practice, if
they are  not so  m  theory,  that I cannot permit
it to pass without comment.   According to  this
new assumption,  Congress, acting as the temto-
nal Legislature of this District, may, by  com-
pact with one ot (he Stites, exercise a power not
granted to it m the Consti'ution; and the Constitu-
tion is to be  presumed to contain the monstrous
and  contradi"tory   provision that whilst it   can
only be amended by  three-fourths of the Slates, it
may be subverted and changed by a bargain be-
tween the Legislature of the District of Columbia
and that of any one of the States  The very proposi-
tion under consideration permits Congres,, with the
consent of one Stale, to incorporate a Bank here,
with a bianch in that State, which may ne sustained
by the general resources of thp commum y, and yet
operate partially m its benefits, if any it has to
bestow    And although every other State but one
should dissent, still this Bank would be established,
to affect those  who   dissented  as  well  as  that
which agreed, and to affect those States unequal-
ly.    The States which dissent are thus to be pu-
nished bv an unequal participation in  the good
offices of an institution which t^cy help to main-
tain.    The very leading design of th.s Confedera-
cy, which requires its government to operate equally
upon all of if! members, will be subverted, and the
great inducement to our Union will be destroyed.
According to   these   doc'fines,   Congress   migh'
incorporate an abolition society here,wilh branches
in aiy State which might assent, and sustain it
and if? purposes by  tne penerJ re^ourcss of the
Union     It might fhup, a>*>o, incorporate a rompa
ny with the privilege to deal exclusive!   in ron or
coal, or any othei  commoditj, it mifht aid tr s
company with the mtiona! re ourc-s permit it to
import the commodities in whicn it deal* free of
duty, and thus affect d rectiy th„ trade and the most
delicate interests ot every Sta'e in thi  Con eden-
cy—the dissen mg as well as the as'enting    It
might incorporate any of the relw ous s ets m  the
country, ¿nd give it a pentra! n fl lence, upon the
assent of at" one of the States, lor if, by this sort
of compact, it can require p,wcs not granted, it
may m the arise manner exsrcise tho-e «rhich are
forbidden    In short, it ma, thu< acawe, for night
I see to tne cootroiy,  rot on'y all t,ie pot eis
wiuci the States now ha\e, but thisg vmch nei-
ther the State- nor the General Government pos-
sess alón-.   The diffeience b t  ecn  the  a'-surpn-
tions of power by Congre s in this mod . and  un-
der ' the general welfare doct i"e," i«, th t m the
latter they exercise these usurped powers by gene-
ral laws, which operate upon the wi ole  Confed"-
racy alike, whilst, under the former, it '8 confede-
rated Government, operating   unequally upon its
members, differing m its powers by geographical
lines, and acting in some States as the general, and
m   others not  only as the general, bat as the
particular Government also.   The Hamiltonian
method  maintains   that   leading idea   of equa-
lity between the members of this Confederacy up-
on which it was founded    It provides, at least,
for uniformity of laws, and never abandons its     *
character as a Government, not of a part, but of
the whol .   This new source of usurpation, how-
ever, not only removes those lines of demarcation
so carefully drawn by the Constitution to  keep
the State and Federal authorities apart, but sub-
verts the very foundation upon which the Union
rests.    He  who examines our Constitution for
its general intent and  meaning, will find its pre-
vailing spirit to he that of equality amongst the
members in the participation of the benefits and
burdens of the Confederacy.   He will find that u
forbids all Confederacies between the States, ex-
cept the general Confederacy which binds them,
all together; and he cannot fail te observe the ear 
with which it seeks to define the boundaries be-
tween the State and Federal authorities: "The du-
ties,imposts, and excises, shall be uniform through-
out the United  States."   No preference is to be
given  to the ports of one State   over those of
another, and, m short, no  provision  is omitted
which can serve to secure the uniform action of
the General Government upon all of xts parts.
Parlirular Confederacies or combinations between
a portion of the   States are   expressly  forbidden;
and so careful is the Constitution to establish   the
boundaries between the State and Federal junsdic-
t ons that it enacts on the one hand that Congress
shall exercise no power not specifically granted to it,
whilst on the other it forbid  the States to use cer-
tain powers   expressly given to Congress.     To
preserve   these boundaries   the more   distinctly,
each Government is enabled to   act within   its
sphere independency of the other.   Nay, more;
it  would seem that the  framers of the Consti-
tution were not unm ndful of the  very danger
with  which we are now threatened in this new-
ly discovered source of Federal power.   It has,
in my opinion, expressly forbidden such a com-
pact between a State and the Legislature of this
District, as that with which we are now   threaten-
ed.   The firit clause of  the  10th section   of the
Constitution expressly forbids any State to enter
Wo "any treaty, alliance, or Confederation.'' The
exceptions to this general rule are contained in the
third clause oí the same sec ion, which permits a
state, with the assent of Congress, to enter into "a
compact ot agreement with another Slate, or with
a foreign power."   Now, this District is neither a
State nor a foreign power; and, therefore, is not ex-
cepted from the general rule, which expressly for-
b'ds a State to enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation    Nor is this, sir, a mere literal con-
struction, but one conformable to the reason of this
rule    V  hy was it estabhsned?    Manifestly to pre-
vent part al   confederacies amongst  the different
States of the Union, and to establish clearly the
boundaries between tru. State and Federal Govern-
m nts, by expressly forbidding the former to exer-
cise certain powers vested in the latter.   Where
the powers of the two Governments are not con-
current, the Constitution has taken great pams, in
this and m other in tanees, to draw the line of se-
p-uaaon indistinct and express terms.   Both  of
the p objects would be defeated if we were to al-
low this new mode of obtaining power.
Mr Chairman, the ancients displayed profound
skill and a deep knowledge of human nature when
they erected altars to the god "Terminus," and
cjiseciated that question of boundary which sepa-
ra es and distinguishes the private rights to proper-
ty Ho\, much more impoitant is it to preserve
the l^ndaiaiks which define the limits between two
great and co ordma'e jurisdictions, which operate
with n ire samo territory and over the same peo-
pie ' Dark, indeed, to the American people will
be thf t dav m wh ch they shall recognise this new
source of Federal authority, and obliterate the lines
¡hat divide the State and General Governments.
The spirit of this Union, as ourfathers framed i', will
exist no more, and the beautiful arrangements of
