 6t
APPENDIX TO TflS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841 
2fTH  COKG. ..-ÍST SSSS.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Saunders.
H. of Reps.
Constitution; and deeply impressed as they were
as to the necessity of a Bank to the future opera-
tions of the Government, they would have con-
sented to no Constitution which denied to the Le-
gislature the power of establishing it. Such are the
facts, and such the argument, for proving the
existence of the power in the Constitution to create
a Bank. Now, sir, I draw airectly the contrary
inference from these facts If the framers of the
Constitution had considered a Bank as so indispen-
sably necessary to the operations of the Govern-
ment, is it irrational to suppose they would
have refused to insert in the Constitution this
power in express terms? Yet we look in vain
amongst the enumerated powers for that to es-
tablish a Bank. The fact is, the fathers of the
¿evolution had experienced too many of the
evils, and had suffered too severely in their losses,
from a worthless depreciated paper system, to
desire iis revival, much less to see any thing in-
corporated in the Constitution as the standard of
value but that of gold and silver. They were jea-
lously alive to all monopolies, and particularly so
to such as conferred on money corporations the ex-
clusive privilege of regulating the value of labor.
Hence is to be found in the journal  of the conven-
tion this proposition to grant charters of incorpora-
tion, made over and over again, and rejected. And
so jealous were the framers of the Constitution
against corporations, that they refused to insert
even the power to establish a university for learning.
To establish this fact, I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the important fact, as disclosed by the recent
publication of the Madison Papers. In the 3d vo-
lume, page 1576, will be found the following pro-
ceedings in the convention, on the final report and
adoption of the Constitution: "Dr Franklin moved
to add, after the words 'post roads,' art 1, sec. 8, a
power 'to provide for cutting canals, when deemed
necessary.' Mr. Wilson seconded the moiion. Mr.
Sherman objected. Mr. Madison suggested an en-
largement of the motion, into a power 'to grant
charters of incorporation, where the interest of the
United States might require, and the legislative pro-
visions of the in ¡¡vidual States may be incompe-
tent.' Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition. Mr.
King objected, and said: The Slates will be preju-
diced and divided into parties by it. In Philadel-
phia and New York it will be referred to the esta-
blishment of a bank, which has been the subject of
contention in those cities.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned the importance of facili-
tating by canals the communication with the West-
ern settlements. As to bank*, he did not think with
Mr. King, that the power, iu thnt point of view,
would excite the prejudices and parties appre-
hended."
Here we have a direct proposition to ingraft
into the Constitution a power "to grant charters of
incorporation;" and it is objected io at the time, as
creating the right ol establishing a Bank, which
will excite the prejudices of the people. And al-
though this proposition was rejected, as it had
been twice before, still we are now told the Con-
stitution not only gives ihe power to create a Bank,
but the framers of tiiat instrument intended to
give it. A strange conclusion, and most extra-
ordinary inference ! Yet it is by such reasoning
that this power of making a bank is now claimed.
And yet we boast that ours is ihe most perfect
system of government ever yet devised by the wit
of man. In what does this great superiority con-
sist, but in the fact that we have a written Consti-
tution? Not like the laws of the Roman tyrant,
suspended so as not to be seen or read; but written,
printed, accessible to all, as well to the tenant of
the log cabin as the inhabitant of the palace. But
of what value is it—where is i's protective
shield—if it is thus to be defined away, and made
to accommodate itself to the will of the majority;
and become not what its wi.se framers made if, but
-what Congress may judge it? To be fixed, cer-
tain, immutable, its limits defined, its boundaries
prescribed, "its metes and bounds" marked under
known and visible lines, so that all may read and
understaed:—these are the great blessings of a writ-
ten Constitution—blessings which are blotted out
and blasted forever by the breath of construc-
tion.   I know, sir, these doctrines do not accord
with the spirit of the times, nor keep pace with that
march of intellect which knows no limits and
feels no restraint—doctrines now denounced as
Virginia abstractions—Southern principles. But
they are-notth" less dear to me,because they may
once have been emblaaoned on Kentucky's banner
and Virginia's shield; and I most cheerfully
content myself to follow in the footsteps of a Ma-
con, and be guided by the precepts of a Jefferson;
though I shall not be able to find any authority
under the Constitution "to erect light-houses in
the skies," ov bank marble palaces on earth. Such,
sir, are my general objections to the power of
Congress to grant a charter of incorporation, much
more briefly stated than the argument required, but
such as the necessity of your ruie imposed. I
should like to say something on the expediency of
the measure, and the great benefits which are held
out to the country*. On this point I can say but
little, as I am desirous of noticing the form in
which the bill has been amended as coming from
the Senate. I may be permitted to say there can
be no necessity for any more banks of issue, as
we have enough, and more than enough, for the
public good. They call themselves banks of depo-
site and discount; and if they would fulfil their
promises, by lending their own money and taking
care of that of others, and be content with a fair
interest, then all would be satisfied with our pre-
sent banks, without adding to their number. If
your proposed Bank goes into operation on a
specie bans, then much oí its capital isn't be drawn
from the vaults of your Slate banks, which certain-
ly mut-t add to their inability to meet their engage-
ments. And though "'o hear much as to the mis-
management of the Siaie banks, I fear it will be
found that the new Bank, like the old ones, will be
liable to the same mismanagement, and as diffi-
cult of good management; that, so far from cor-
recting and controlling the existing system, it will
again renrw those contractions and expamitns w,th
which the country has been cursed in past years.
At to the exchanges, they are as low now, between
specie-paying points, as during the existence of the
late Bank. The exchange at this time between New
York and Boston is nearly at par, and only one and
a half pet cat. with Charleston; and would be equal-
ly reasonable at other p)=.ce,s,]'fuei?tatc banks would
resume specb payments. This B.'.nk would be-
come ra her a regulator of politics tlian of the ex-
changes; and the country would soon find cause to
regret the day in which such power was intrusted
to the hands of the few who would have tin ma-
nagement of it,
Let me now examine, as briefly as practicable,
the plan of the Bank, as proposed by the bill. It is
proposed to incorporate a Fiscal Bank, with a ca-
pital of thirty millions of dollars, reserving the
power of augmcntii'g its capital twenty million;-;
the United Sia'cs to subscribe one-third, and the
remaining two-'hirds by individuals. But, on the
failure of the individual subscription, the Secretary
of the Treasury is to take a third more; so that the
United States may become the owner of two-thirds
of the wnole capital, to be paid for in stocks—'he
charter to continue for twenty years—the principal
Bank to be located in Washington, with nine di-
rectors; three of whom to be appo'ntsd by the Pre-
sident, and six by the stockholders—that no loan
is to be made in the District of Columbia, except
to the Government. The directors are authorized
to establish branches in any State, provided the
L-gisUture shall not, at its first session, express
its assent or dissent. If it fail to act, its assent is
to be presumed ; and even should it dissent, Con-
gress reserves the power of ordering, by law,
the establishment of a branch at any time it may
deem necessary. A mote alarming, insidious, or
insulting proposition, has never, according to my
conception, been mad i by any legislative body.
Congres? either has or has not power to establish
a Bank. If it has the power, ,-nd it is thought ex-
pedient to exercise it, then let it be done, and let us
have an end of the matter, if it has not, and the
absent of the States is considered necessary, then let
that assent be asked for and abtained. But do not
agitate, disturb, and insult ¡he States by asking
their assent; and if they are silent, presume it; and,
if refused, still exercise the right of establishing
branches whenever and wherever you see fit.
You assert the right of establishing a Bank in the
District of Columbia, with the power of sending
branches into the States. But, by way of compro-
mise, you will ask the assent of the States, pro-
vided they give that assent at the first session of
their Legislature; but should they then fail to act,
you will presume the assent, and bar the State*
from any power of acting afterwards. Now, should
fie Legislature be divided—one branch for assent-
ing, and the other for dissenting: can you suppose
the people would quietly subnvt to being bound by
your presumption? But fie people are to be agita-
ted—their elections disturbed by this distracting
question of Banker no Bank; and whatever may
be their decision, you reserve to Congress the pow-
er of reversing it at your pleasure. But whence
do you derive the right of creating a Bank in this
District, with the power of branching into the
States, with the ascent of the Legislatures? We
look in vain into the Constitution for such a power.
It givss you the right "to exercise exclusive legis-
lation, in all cases whatever, over the District of
Columbia." This exclusive right of legislation
arms you with the power of legislation here, to the
exclusion of all other legislative bodies.
The right of'legislation in all cases is a munici-
pal power, to be exercised for the District, and in
the enactment of laws intended and adapted exclu-
sively to the wants, condition, habits, and inte-
rests of the people here. Such is the purpose of
the grant, and such the objects for its exercise.
You cannot, ujider this power, es'ablish within this
District any title of nobility—any religion—abolish
the freedom of speech or of the press: and why
not? Because the Constitution forbids it? And
so the Constitution forbids your legislation iu any
case, except it be for objects strictly applicable to
the wants and condition of the people here. But
gentlemen say they have the same right of legis-
lating in the District which the Lsgislatures have
in their respective States. This I deny, and cau-
tion my Southern friends how they yield this pewer.
The. constitutions of the States are made by the
people. The members of the Legislatures are
elected by, and are responsible to, the people. The
people of the States may instruct them as to what
they are to do; and if they violate those instruc-
tions, or should they do any act of which the peo-
ple disappro/e, they have the power of causing
its repeal. But the people of this District can
neither rightly instruct Congress, nor undo any act
of theirs, however prejudicial to their interest.
We derive our right of actien from-the Constitu-
tion, and mast act within its prefcribed limits. We
may create a Bank for the use and benefit of the
people of this District; but have no right lo autho-
rize any set of Bank directors here to send branches
into the States for the accommodation of the peo-
ple there. This Bank is not for the people here,
because the charter forbids any loan in the District,
except to the Government. The bill proposes to
locate the Bank here, and to authorize blanches in
the States,with the assent of their legislatures. Prom
whence this power of calling upon the legislatures to
give their sanction to an act not authorized by the
Constitution? The same article.of the Constitution
which confers the exclusive right of legislation,
aUo authorises Congress "to purchase, by the con-
sent of the Legislature of the State, places for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards,
and other needful buddings;" but under this power
you could not erect a Bank in a fort, though it might
be a matter ofconvenience for the payment of your
soldiers. Here we have a direct authority on the
part of Congress to ask, and a like authority on
the part of the Legisla'nre of a State io give, their
consent to the purchase of lands; bat the object is
expressly named. Yet, by the bid, the Bank may
hold "lands, tenements, and hereditaments" for
banking purposes, and the United Siatcs become
the owner of one-third, and possibly of two-thirds,
of this investment. The Constitution hav.ng given
the power in this instance to Congress to ask, and
of the Legislature of the Slate to consent, excludes
the like exercise of any such right on either side in
any other case. But I have said this was a dan-
gerous exercise of power, and to which the South
should never assent. If Congress possess the power
