5NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Mason.
S02
27th Coxg—.Ist Sess.
gave in reference to the banks of Mississippi; yet,
besides the force of common sense against sue  a
doctrine, I am sustained by the opinion of one in
every respect as great as Mr. Webster—I allude to
Chief Justice Taney—in his opinion respecting
this question, as to the power of one Legislature to
bind its successors, as involved m a case m New
Jersey.
There is a party in Congress who, with a view
of reconciling the opinions, in the language of the
Secretary ot the Treasury, "of many wise and pa
triotic statesmen who have questioned the power
of Congress to establish a National Bank," have
adopted the plan recommended by the Secretary,
as one likely to be free from constitutional objec-
tions. I am at a loss to know how that plan is
one of such a character, unless it be based upon
the principle that Congress has the power of exclu-
sive legislation over the District of Columbia,
and, under such power, can incorporate a Bank
for national purposes, and which Bank is to esta-
blish branches in the States, with the consent of
such States, sach branches being of the chaiac-
ter of Slate institutions. This is the view Mr.
Clay has taken of the scheme, m his report
of the present session of Congress. He says:
"Such a Bank would be a Bark only of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, aHd its ornees of discount and
deposite (its branches) would be nothing more than
Banks of the State?." And before this bill could
be passed through the Senate, the principle advo-
cated by the Secretary of the Tieasury, or a princi-
pie similar to it, and intended ta answer the purpose,
bad to be incorporated into the bill. Tbis amend
ment, which secured the passage of the bill through
the Senate, gives the power 10 the States to refuse
a branch of the Bank, provided said refusal be
unconditional, and be made at the first meeting of
their respective L-gislatures after the passage of
this act I shall not go into an examination of this
provision—a fraud upon the Slates, and a misera-
ble subterfuge, but I thall merely refer to the situ
ation of Maryland under a provision which has
the credit of having secured the vote of one of her
Senators m favor of the bill. Every alternate
year the term of service of one-third of the Sena-
tors of the Maryland Legislature expires This is
the year in which no chanpe is made m our State
Senate, consequently, if the people of Maryland
were unanimous in their opposition to a branch of
the Bank, they could not irdicate their wishes
through their Legislature, because no election
takes place for Senators and forever hereafter
their voice is to be disregarded. This is what I
should call protecting the rights of Maryland m a
new way.
I propose now, sir, to con-ider the principle in-
volved in the Secretary '¡> plan, and which is intend-
ed shall exist in the amendment of the Senate, as
I understand that principle, and as it 14 understood
by the Senator from Kentucky m his report before
referred to. Nothing is gained, it seems to me,
by yielding the point that Congress has not
the power to establ'sh a Bank as a national
institution, but that it has as the Legislature of
the District of Columb a, and may us" such
District Bank for national purpose1?. It strikes
me that, m yielding the one power, the jlher,
by necessity, must also be yielded. The prm-
cmles upon which the General Government and
the State Goverrments are based are analogous
Each Government derives its powers directly
from the people Their powdo may not be the
SDtne, yet they are derived from the sime source
Well, by wnat authority does Congress legislate
for this District? B> thst au hority which is con-
ferred upon Congress by the Constitution to exer-
cise <*ueh powers as may be derived tram t e títa'es
of Vira"iia ^naM<i''y'ann in their eewon or ir s
District I i> a power to eifrcr-e the power 
hitherto belong ntr *o t'ios  Sta'°s, and exercised
by 'h-rn over ifa s F* reí b"[ -° u w,,s ceded to
the General Government T>-ose powe s, how-
e/er, were no' given by the peopU of those Stai"s5
(who are soverei^c, and can confer any power,)
but by their Governments, and as those Govern-
ments have no other power  than those wh'ch 'he
people have given them, they of course can em- !
esse none other themselves, nor be ,tow thew, upon !
others Now, I assert that the Legislature of Ma-
ryland has no right, either under her own Consti-
tution, or under the Constitution of the United
States, to grant bank charters.
Bssides, there having been no such power ex-
pressly given by the people of Maryland to their
Legislature, to grant charters, there is an express
prohibition of it. In our fundamental law—the
Bill of Rights of Maryland—"monopolies are" de-
clared to be "odious, contrary to the spirit of a
free Government, and the principles of commerce,
and ought not to be suffered " I contend that a
Bank is a monopoly within the spirit of our Con-
stitution or Bill of Rights, for the reasons before
given, and, as such, expressly inhibited. There
is another view by which Maryland and Virginia
are deprived of the exercise of any such power,
and, of course, of conferring any such power upon
Congress, in their cession of the District of Colum-
bia. I know that, in assertiag the belief that the
prohibition m the Constitution of the United State?
forbidding the States "from emitting bills of credit"
extends to bank notes, will be regarded by many
here as an exploded and obsolete doctrine. I never-
theless entertain the belief. Por if such be not th«
design of the framers of the Constitution, there
seems to be no force whatever in the prohibition.
If the States can do indirectly what they are pre-
vented from doing directly, or, if a creature of a
S'ate can do what its creator could not do, tbere
seems to be but little use in the clause of the Con-
stitution. Independent of this mode of reasoning,
the whole history of the formation of the Constitu-
tion—the views of its frameis—(more particularly
those of Mr. Madison, contained m the Federalist,
No. 44)—'■how, conclusively, that the purpose of
the framers of the Constitution was to prevent the
States altogether from i sumg paper money m any
shape It but remains, then, to draw the conclu-
sion, that if the Stales of Maryland and Virginia
have no power to incorporate banks in their indi-
vidual capacity, they cannot,certainly, confer such
power, in the cession of this District, upon Con-
gress. This mode of reasoning it may be said,
would lead to the entire exclusion of banks from
being altogether. I admit it; and honestly believe,
if there never had been a bank of discount esta-
blished in our country, that we would be a happier
and a more prosperous people than we now are. I
am not in favor ot an entire exclusion of paper mo-
ney from circulation, but banks of deposite, with
powsr merely to issue paper for general conveni-
ence, might and ou^ht to be established, and would
promote the general welfare and prosperity of our
country; but to go farther, will ever be attended
with consequences which may be of the most seri-
ous character.
And further: was it ever contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution, under the power con-
ferred by it upon Congress to legislate exclusive
ly for the District of Columbia, that, through
the District, as its legislature, Congress was to
exercise powers ovr the whole country, which
otherwise it could rot exercise?—that this Dis-
trict was to be the fulcrum upon which this powsr,
as a mighty lever, was to rest, and by which the
affairs of the whole nation were to be moved? No
such use was ever designed should ce made of
the power. Congress as its local legislature, is
to regulate the internal concerns op 'his District,
and liao no national powers, as such, whatever.
Read thi* powers conferred upon Congress under
tnat part cular elatue, and no one can come to a
different cunclus,on
Ano'her idea in reference to thisdocinne of State
absent IfaStpie has the power to prohibit a
bianch of this i?ank, w< md it not also have the
power of prohibiting the circulation of its notes
within its hm,t ? and would not our Government
present a pretty spec'ae'e, vi h the notes of its fiv
cjI agent banished from c rculation m New York,
die great emporium of tie nation?
Were this in i tution fiee from constitutional ob-
jections, it would, nevertheless, not be as effective
as the Sub Treasury system as a fiscal agent In
the latter, th? public money is always at hand, sub-
ject to the drafts of the Treasury, in the former,
a  the very moment when most required, it ,
may be «1 the pockets of the private debtors of the
Aagust, 1HÜ
H. oí Reps.
Bank, yielding an interest for the private sfock-
heldeis Out of such a state of affairs grew the
removal of the public deposites from the late Bank
of the Um'ed Sla'es by General Jackson. In
March, 1832, negotiations were commenced With
agents representing about one and a half million of
three per cent, stock m Holland and e'sewhere,
with a view of paying off one half of said stock.
Payment of these stocks was resisted by the presi-
dent of the Bank, upon the ground that it would
be attended'with great distress to the merchants.
Ths payment was accordingly postponed It was
subsequently ascertained, however, that instead of
desiring to accommodate the merchants, the Bank
was unable to meet the demand, and had actually
clandestinely commenced a negotiation with the re-
presentatives of this stock, together with the house
of Barings, Brothers, and Co in England, for the
postponement of the payment of the money.
At that very time, too, the public deposites in the
Bank amounted to $13,661,193, still it was unable
to pay the $9,000,000 demanded for the payment
of these stock*.
The demoralizing influence, sir, which the bank-
ing system has upon the community, is a source of
infinite objection in my mind to this great increase
of bank capital Every interest m our country has
felt the baneful influence of the system. I speak
now, sir, not the language of a demagogue, but the
language of truth Our national character has
been debased by the evils of banking, and our
country's very existence will be endangered by it.
Unless the wild spirit be checked, what Sallust said
of Rome will soon be true of us- "Habemus luxuri-
ant alque avarüiam, ptibhee egestatem, pnvatim opu-
Zcnííam"—luxury and avarice, public want and
private wealth, abound It begets in every class
of society a desire for gain. The temptations
which the system offers for speculation is the cause.
It is the parent of speculation. Few can resist the
inducements to embark into schemes for rapidly
accumulating a fortune, where such facilities are
offered for so doing as are presented by bank fa-
vors. In these days of bank dominion, the obliga-
tions which virtue, patriot sm, and science impose
upon us, are made secondary to our duty to be-
come rich Tae flowery paths of science, the quiet
retreats of virtue and innocence, and the haunts of
social intercourse, are deserted for the rugged
steeps of cupidity and stealth. Thsn follows that
tram of evils which are the offspring of the
"love of money." It is a fact, that the habit of
intemperance, which has been a source of so much
misery, of «0 much vice and crime, is decreasing
rapidly. Tne practice of gambling (I use the word
in its common acceptation) is c rtamly declining.
In these two re<peets, contrast tne present state of
the public moral  with, what they were ten years
ago, and the most casual observer will be struck
with the improvement. Yet, with these two pow-
erful sour"=s of vice rapidly drying up under the
benign influence of the light of religion and phi-
lanthropy, nevertheless it is a remarkable fact that
our people are every day growing more immoral
and corrupt. How is this to be accounted for? It
is to be traced, sir, to that wild spirit ot speculation.
It is that, sir, which has poisoned every stream of
industry and enterprise, wh ch has rendered insipid
the pursuits of agriculture, which has unpeopled
our workshops, and hu«hed the clattering mill;
which has sterilized the fields of science and litera-
ture. From that source, as from a po soned foun-
tain, flow all those b'ack and damning crimes
wh ch of ¡ate have Deen so f-equcnt n our land,
degrading our rature and our national character
Bes.des this system of bankma; being a fruitful
source of public evil, it is also the spring of infi-
nite domes''c distress and misery Such results
will follow tne establishment ot this Bank, as have
fol'o'ved a1! other*, of a similar charac er its
charter is to continue for twenty jears. Twenty
years, si , w a larga portion of human life Those
who may now invest their for unes in thi? institu-
tion, may be in the prince and vigor of life, and
able to sus'atn the loss of wealth, with its nume-
rous il s, ii u sh t'ld now befal them, but, sir, when
twenty years snail have rolled around, and the time
of reckoning shall be at hand, they may be ill pre-
pared then, m their declining years, to know thai
