August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBU.
27m Cong.- .-lsr Sess.
S0f
Post Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Watterson.
in my humble opinion, deserves the thanks of every
Republican On this occasi n, sir, he has exh {
bited a moral courage—a Roman firmness,
worthy the best days of (hat celebrated Republic.
Surrounded by a Federal cabinet, (not of his own
choosing,) who were importuning him, by day and
by night, to ¡-.¡gn the bil —flattered and threatened
by swarms of prominent men, both in and out of
Congress—what a sublime spectacle it was to
see him standing erect upon the rarnparu of the
Constitution, bearing a'oft its broad flag, and de-
claring to them in tones cf stern independence
and patriotism—No, gentlemen—never. Enter-
tamtng the opinions I do, I cannot sanction this
measure, "without surrendering all claim to the
respect of honorable men, all confidence on the
part of the people, al' self respect, all regard for
moral and religious obligations, with-ut an observ-
ance of which no Government can be prospcicus,
and no people can be happy. It vould be to com-
mit a crime which I would not w Ifally commit to
gain any earthly rewprl, and which would justly
subjeet me to lh« ridicule and scorn of all virtuous.
men "
Mr. Chairman, do not suppose that I am about
ts become the ea'og'st of Mr Tyler I eulog ze
no man further than I beliere he de erves it The
ve'o I approve with all my heart, and am piad to
have an opportun, y to proclaim it here. Would
to God that the futuu measures of this Admini-
stration may prove as acceptable to the members
of ¡he Democratic parly. If so, it  i 1 be .ustatn.
ed, gloriously and triumphantly sustained, by them.
Our motto is, "principle", not men " Sir, I came
here myself with no prejudices against Mr. Tyler
personally, and wi.h but few poHically. in 1836,
I vcted for Eleciois in Tennessee, who supported
Hugh L. Wmte for President, and John Tyler for
Vice President. Dunn? >h° last Presidential con-
test, I uttered not a word, n< w recjil-c ed, in re%
gard to him, o ' ei pro or era It glided htm,
from his fu"-er course md prcfess ok , as a State
Righ s Repub'icn, in feelm  and in principle, and
was only astonished to fnd h/in willing to be in
such company as the p^r'y who nom nated and
supported him In my late can\, ss for Congress,
I repeatedly read th™ opimrns of Mr Ty'er on all
ths leading quesupns of the day—su> h as a Bank,
Internal Improvements, th°TaiirT,&o and declaied
to my constituents that, if he  «ould -adhere to these
principles, I would j i«ld a cheerful support to his
Administration, b eause,  n doing so, I would be
carrying out my own pnnc pies, wh'ch I verily be-
lieved wou'd beQt promote the tiue mt-re^ts and
happiness of the country.
Mr Andrews called Mr. W <o order for irre-
levancy.
The Cha'E said that from th col"-  th  debate
had taken, it «as p-H (a r to ar>-e t the remarks of
the gentleman fioii Tennp ¿e"
Mr Andbdw app<"«i'«>d from the decision ot th 
Chair, and ti e quc--t on bei g put, tie Cnair feas
sustamed by a large m ji.ity
Mr. W p . ?eed l. But we are to! J, s'i, by
several gen'Ie-sen, belongi-r tA th" i-fjoutv upon
I'au floor, tint here i-, rot i Democrat he'e who
w 11 rise in his place and pledge himself to voir for
John Tyl r for the next Presidency, not v.thst n '-
lig we are so much rejo crd at tne "Veto"
Doubtless mis it ay be so—joint'e s i* is so. Who
would commit b a.se'f to any man so fa' m ad-
vance. At th i time I wo Jd pi  lg<r myself to no
man livw Tne time i*'co -t of—hen/ more
than tbre" yen-. Br this muci Í *vill m>", tru*
shouli Jo n TjIt dismiss h,s present Federal
Cabinet—call aromd hip- íLpuo'irin*—give us
a giod Republican A 'm nsfatioi, and then «.hon'd
be the nominee ot the Democratic pailj, I wiuld
¡support his e ecUon mlb. greit pie sure. 1 c n-
ceive it, howev< ■, tobe a tross. slai3<*r upon the
President, to supoi.se him tj be actuated by s.u h
motives as have be u attriootcd to him I do not
believe it. In hi- action upon ttje Bank b.il, I be
heve he was actuated by no other Moines than
those promp'cd by an anxious desire to advance
ths honor and wcltare of his country.
Mr. Chairman, it has been said that the Demo
cratie members of this  House  are factious, that
they ate eternally endeavoring to stave off the
H. of Reps.
public business. Against such erroneous asser-
tions I appeal to the record I have just received
from the Clerk a statement of the number of
speeches that have been made on the several im-
portant measures of the session, since the adop'ion
of the hour tule.   I find that there were:
On the I and bill,
On the Loan bill,
On theFoitification bill,
On the Revenue bill,
On the Bank bill,
On the bankrupt bit!,
On the fiscal Corporation bill,
Whig
Deraociatic
14
11
11
14
0
3
18
8
19
lb
23
r
100                        59
Andrews desired to know which of the
performed the task of furnishing members
Mr
clerks
with this kind of information.
Mr Wattebsow said it was made the duty of
th° Cleik to note down the name of every speaker
since the adoption of the hour rule, and therefore
he trusted that the gent'eman would not fly into a
pas=IOn v. ith the Clerk for doing that which he
was bound to do.
It appears, sir, from the minutes of the Clerk,
that the aggregate number of Whig speeches on
all these measures were one hundred, and the ag-
gregate number of Democrat c fifty nine ' nearly
two t3 one in favor of the Whgs. Yet ve have
h*ard it a'seued here, and sepn it pubh bed
throughout tne country, I repeat it again, thit the
Democratic party upon this floor h ve been and
are factiom'y delaying the public business.
Heie Mr Mas in of Ohio, Mr Tillinghast of
Rhode Island, and Mr Andrews, called Mr. Wat-
terson to order.
The CmisMAN decided that Mr. W should go
on
Mr W continued. You well recollect, Mr
C"8irman, what occurred during th" last Corgis
The Wbie party debated the Sub Treasury bill
forty days, and I do not know ihat I would be very
far from the truth if I were to add forty nights.
And finally, before we could get the bill out of
Committee of the Whole, what scenes did we wit
ness? Be it re'neniLercd, that the Democatie ma-
joruy at that ti oc would not pdopt the rul<> of the
present Whig majority, and we had to "sit out"
every important measure. We met, as n were,
tc-day, determined not to adjourn until the coni-
nn' ee leported tho bill Late in th3 evening, a
Wh'g i.-iember had the floor, and moved that the
committee n c, (without repor'mg ) The Demo-
cratic h embers voted against t ie motion, the
Whigs either occupied their seat-, and refused to
ro e at all, or wou'd retire behind the bar, and
thereby prevent a quorum' Under (ur rules, we
were obhg d to rise and report that fact to the
H'jus  Whpn we pot in the Bou-e, some Wh g
would move an adj jurnment Tnat motion would
be vo'ed down by the Dfmocra'ic party Ttien
v.ouldfo'low cail of tbeHous —next some qaes-
Uon of order—lext a motion to adjourn, and ulti-
mnti-iv, after hours of vexitiou , delav, vie v"uH
find our^ehe back in comr, uu.  of fhewh'ie—
the ame W )¡g member still in po e=sion of the
flooi—he wou d spea1' a lew moments, and e th r
move thit die commntee rise, or give way to some
Wh'g, who wuiild race it. The Democrats would
vo e in theneKatfe A^am would the Whigs re-
fríe to V3te, "i ordtr to prevent a qaorum—a§am
that f<>ct, (o- r?ther falsehood, for there was a
quoru.nit all bad vo d ) wonli be repoi ed to thp
Hiu :—3gi n wou'd c roc - m ''on >o ar'jnjt-n—
uin otne tr flin¡j qt.e<-íoi a ord —he.i \ cñ
of the House—^cain a mot on to adjourn—again
a ques rn of order—hen an apj- A from 'he de-
cision oc tne Speaker—ihen a c.ll of tho H<-use—
a*"d tpon c 1 he e questions ^f delay, th.ej rs aid
n<ijs wou'd li- Ctt'led, wfl ch cohmk-p" bx'e an
h ui ti-ery u,ne they ^'e taken Nos1, sjr, 1,|-
Deal to every n eml r hef, ivho w?s 'n the 'a^t
Cong ess, for the iru'h of what I ha e s ?l'd I
pa-ts^ fur art ply. it is ntt denied that thi- was
the gameth" V'higs played when they wer<> ,u 'he
nmority. It was fiist in the commiitee, then >n
the House—again back in the coaimittee, for
more than thirty hours at a tun-—v/hen we would
find ourselves precisely where we started ' Why,
sir, upon the Pension bill, near two weeks were
consumed in the delivery of i he most inflammatory
speeches ly the Whigs, and when the vote was
taken upon the bill by yeas and nays, not the
first solitary member recorded his name against Hi
Upon the Treasury Note bill, and indeed apon
every question, however trivial in its importance,
the most factious opposiuon was raised in the way
I have shown AH the while, too, they were cry-
ing out "gag," "gag," "gag," "tyranny," "op-
pression," although weeks on weeks had been gi-
ven them to expectorate the bile upon their sto-
machs, and I have no doubt they succeeded in mak-
ing thousands believe they were really an oppress-
ed minority. Sir, have you witnessed any thing
like this from the Democratic party at the present
session? No, sir, never. And m support of the
assertion, I hold up the number of Whig and De-
mocratic speeches, made on each important ques-
tion since the adoption of the hour rule, and at the
same time invite contradiction if I have not stated
the truth as it exists Sir, it is not so much the
rule which places it in the power of the majority to
take a bill out of the Committee of the Whole
whenever they please, as its tyrannical exercise, to
which I object. For example: "ths Fiscal Corpo-
ration bill," or, as it would be more appropriately
called, the bill "to incorporate a great National
Broker's office, and to head Capt. Tyler," was
¡aid upon our tables in the morning, and forthwith
it was proposed by Mr. Sbeoeant, the chairman of
the Select Committee on the Currency, that all
debate should cease upon that same day at four
o'clock' Great God! only five hours to debate a
question which has divided the two great political
parties for more shan forty years. A bill of forty
pages, which could not much more than be care-
fully read in the time.
Afterwards the resolution was modified, and
another day was allowed for the consideration of
that important measure, upon which not a man
was permitted to open his lips who claims to belong
to the Democratic party! That is freedom of de-
bate for you with a vengeance! And this is not
all, sir, nor half all. A committee was appointed
to frame a system of rules for the government of
the House. Have they done it? Ask the Chair-
man of that committee. Instead of making a fall
report, as has always been the case heretofore,
every few days they report a rule to fit a particu-
lar case, oi rather "our particular case"—a rale to
gag the minority. It is a sort of "breeches pocket
committee," that hauls out a new rule on every
occasion, when, in their judgment and mercy,
(Heaven save the mark1) tney lmnk it neesssary.
Ea.ly in the session I moved to suspend the rules
foi the purpose of introducing a preamble and re-
solutions, setting forth the professions of some of
the leaders of the Whig party in relation to pro-
se) iption for opinion's sake, and concluding with
a call for the names of those who had been re-
moved from office <mce the 4th of March, by the
Pir-icent or heads of Departments The very
n'it morning-, I believe it was, this "breeches
prcket committee" brought forwaid a new rule,
which was adopted by the Whig majority, making
i' out of order even to move to suspend the
rui s' ' fsir, the people will not sanction such
high-handei tyranny, and to them I take an ap-
peal.
Mr. Chs.rman, at the first session of the last
Congress I made some remarks m regard to the
political eomplenon of the Harnsburg Conven-
too I sidled that there were in that body all
hu s of oj mon, BiPk men and anti-Bank men,
tnrniii.es arid anti-tanfttes, high toned Federalists
?n Ut'iCt cons'rjc toiasts, Abolitionists and anti-
íbolition-U These things were then flatly de-
nied But, daring this discussion, they have been
admitud Ly various gentlemen. The reason is
nowcbvious why the convention voted downs.
orop"M.ion to publish an address to the people of
!>c United S ates, setting forth the principles of
the Whig party They could not agree among
themselves. They knew if they were to attempt
n, iheir chance of success was gone. They knew
there was no common bond of union between this
and that branch of the Whig party Sir, bad they
concluded to issue an address, embodying the sen-
timents of the Whig party; it would have been
