APFBNMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27/jyC^ya-'"lsT Ses3.
Public Lands—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
amusingj to have heard tlieic discussions whilst
prejj^tmg it One delegate, and perhaps he m'ght
faaijpfrom Vermont, would rise and say, "Mr Pre
sid^nt, I moje to incorporate a paragraph or so in
favor of Abolition!" "Up jumps a Southerner,
quick as lightning, and says, "Stop that—stop that.
Jf you say one word favorable to Abolition, we are
totally ruined in the South " Well, sir, in. ano-
ther pan of the assemblage rises a gentleman from
Maryland, if, yon please, and proposes a clause
aga^ist Abolition Forthwith the Northern dele-
gates spring 10 their feet, and with agitated feel
mgs declare that if a syllable 15 uttered against the
friends of human rights, the Whig party in the
North would be totally prostrated' Then is
heard the voice ot a gallant Kentuckian—"Mr
Prestdeat, I hold in my hand a resolution, upon
which I would like to hear the views of gentlemen.
It is in these words:
"Resolved, As the sense of this body, that an old-
fashipned Bank of the United States is absolutely
necessary to restore and preserve a sound currency
to the country."
" Mr. President," exclaims a Virginian, "I hope
my friend lrcm Kentucky will withdiaw that re-
solution. If it is adopted, we might as well stack
our arms in the Old Dominion. Three fourths of
that Stale believe a National Bank unconstitu-
tional and dangerous to public liberty I am of
that opinion myself. Now, as it is evident that we
cannot agree, either upon the Bank, the tariff, in-
ternal improvements, Abolition, or any thing else,
save in opposition to the powers that be, let us
bury all our differences for the present—let us not
vainly attempt 10 make any declaration of princi-
ple^— 'et is re'y upon the 'generous confidence'
of the people—let us unite as one man in the sup
por,t of our nominees—let us adjourn and go home,
and every man put his shoulder to the wheel, and
we may succeed in putting tho^e who are no v in
jower out, and ourselves m "
[Cries of "Agreed," "agreed," rang through eve-
ry part of the hall, and the convention adjourned
with this understanding ]
How different,Mr Chairman, was the course of
the Democratic party who met at Baltimore, May
5th, 1840, and nominated Mr Van Buren for the
Presidency I had the honor of being a delegate
in that convention. We assembled in an orderly
manner—without drum or fife—without pomp
or parade of any kind—made our nomination-
put forth an address, containing the principles of
our party—>and adjourned. Here are the resolu-
tions which we unanimously adopted on the oc-
casion I have not tima to readthem, but will in-
corporate them in my published remarks-
1   Resolved, That the Federal Government is one nflimite t
powers, derived solely from the Constitution, and the grants of
power shown theiein, ought to he strictly construed by alt the
departments and agents ofthe Gov ernment, and that H is mex
pisdient and dangerous to exercise doubtiul constitutional
powers
2   Resolved That the Constitution does not confer upon the
General Government the power to commence and carry on a
general system of internal improvements
3   Resolved, That the Constitution does not confer anthoi ity
upon the Federal Government, directly or indirectly, to assume
the debts ol the several States, contracted for local internal im
provements, or other State purpos s, nor would such asstimp
tion be just or expedient
4   Resolved, 1 hat justice and sound policy forbid the Fede
ral Government to faster one branch of industry to the detn
meut of another, or to cheush the interests of one poition to the
injury of another poition of our common country—that eteiy
citizen and every section ofthe country has a right to demand
and insist upon an equalttv of rights and privileges, and to com
plete and ample protection of peisons and pioperly from domes
tic violence, or foreign agsrressu n
rj Resolved, That it is the duty of every branch of the Go
vernment to enforce and practise the most rigid economy in
conducting oui public affair5! and that no more revenue ought
to herai edthan is required to defray the necessary expenses oi
the Government
G Resolved That Congress has no powei o charter a Na
Uonal Bank that we believe sucli an ins nution one of deadly
hostility to the best interests ofthp country dtngerous to out
Republican mstitutiotisand the libeities ol the people an 1 tal
culatedto place the business ofthe countty within the control
of a concentrated money power, and above the laws and the
will of the people
7 Resolvecl, That Congtess has no power under the Consti
tution, to interfere with or control the domestic mstitu i ns of
the several fetales and that su h states are the so e and piorer
judges of every thing appeitaimngto theirown afftirs not pro
mbitedby the Constitution, that all efforts ol the Abo! tionistsor
o hers, made to induce Congress to interfere wuh questions of
slavery 01 to take incipient steps in relation then* o aie calca
latea to lea 1 to the most alarming and dangerous consequences
and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency io diminish
¡he happiness: ofthe people, and endanger 'h" ntfrtlUty and per
I
manency of the Union,and ought not to be countenanced by any
friend to our political institutions
8 Resolved That the separation of the moneys ofthe Go
vernment from banking institutions, is indispensable for the
safety of the funds of tho Government, and the rights of the
people
t Resolved, That the liberal principles embodied by Jeffer
son n the Declaration of Independence, and sanctioned m the
Consutu ion, which makes ours the land of liberty, and the asy
lum ofthe oppressed of every nation, have ever been cardinal
principles m the Democratic faith, and every attempt to
abridge the piesent puvilege of becoming citizens, and the
owners of soil aming us, ought to be reacted wuh the same
spirit which swept the alien and sedition laws fiora our statute
book
Sir, it would have gladdened the heart of every
Republican in the nation to have been present and
witnessed with what unanimity these resolutions
were severally passed. There was not a dissent-
ing voice that I heard against any one of them
A Bank, a high Tariff, Abolition, &c all received
their most decided condemnation This being the
case, it should not be a matter of surprise to the
Whigs thit the Democrats stand united and undi-
vided. We cling together upon great principles,
which are openly avowed to the world. In the
recent boisterous and excited contest for the Presi-
dency, we hoisted our colors, and fought under
them—whilbtour opponents purposely concealed
theirs an(J now 'bat they are compelled to show
their hands, how could it be otherwise than that
their should be divisions and heart burnings amoag
them The log cabin banners will not answer
now All the coon skins in America will not co-
ver the defotmily ofthe measures which they have
brougat forward this session. Ah ' sir, the sober
thoughts of the people have already begun to ope-
rate. Have you heard from the floosier State?
Have you ht-a c3 from Tennessee? where we were
beaten upwards of twelve thousand votes last No
vember, and now but three thousand, with a great
probability that wn nave earned the Legislature,
and may elect two Democrats to the Senate of the
Un ted Siaes1 The reaction had commenced,
and if tar election had bein off one month, I en-
tertain scarcely a doubt that the Whigs of that
State would have beeen routed "horse, foot, and
dragoons "    In the language of the martxl bard:
' What has ciused this gieat commotion, motion, motion,
Om country through1!"
It is the odious measures of this extra session of
Congress, which are sufficient to prostrate any
party upon the face of the globe.
Mr Chairman I shall not make any mviduous
remaiks m regard to the Postmaster General. It
is enough for me to have witnessed his course upon
this floor, ind I do solemnly believe him to be an
Abolitionist If tumor is to be credited, the c n-
firmationof his nomination by the Senate, was ac-
complishe i by pledges, which he dij not after-
wards •stand up to. It is said he authorized a Se-
na or lo sUte that he was no Aboliticnist—-so far
from being sn, hs was ready at any time to disa-
vow it over his own signature Since his confir-
man m, I underhand he has refused to redeem this
promise    So much for "generous confidence "
I ho'd m my hand, sir, a letter written by a gen-
tleman who was n the Legislature of New York
in 1839, from Mr Granger's own county, and
who sta e  a number of santiments whitfh ho; says
he has heard from Mr. Granger's own lips. I
will add,'hat he voted fot Mr Granger at the
same se sion for the Senate of the United States
They are as follows-
t t Mr fiaugtr has said that he had yudde Ho the die
ti i i^s advocate 1 hy Mr Slade in his late speech m regard to the
District of Columbia and that the notion of impliedfaith on
the pai 11 f \ ugima and Maryland must be given up
~d Mi Grangei hissud that whenever it could be proved
thai s! veholdcrs had called to their aid United States troops to
putdown anmsuriectionon the part of ihe slave  against the
whites oi whentvei it could be mide to appear that United
States troops had been used to sustain or protect slaveiy, that
m ment C meress won d have power to abolish slavery in the
different State*
' ,jJ Ah Gt ngei ha said that colonization was one of the
neatest -omhern humbugs ever invented and tha long befoie
GerrttSaiith got his eyes open on this subject he had openly
and avowed v denounced this scheme, not only m thu social
cuele but in a public meeting
' 4th Mi Granger said, if the Abollt omsts of Ontario courly
gave htm a liberal support in 18j8, they never should have
cause to regret it t
' The seitiments set forth in Ihe above, I had from Mr Gran
ser s own lips I have given his words as neai as I can recol
lect them                                               «a SAWYER "
¡see Mr  G ddmgs's speech
IThe Abo uionus gave Mr Granger their undivided sup
poitml83§,
This is the same doctrine, sur, which was re-
cently advanced by the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] that "when-
ever it could be proved that s.avehotders had call-
ed to their aid United States troops to put down
an insurrection on the part of the slaves against
the white*, or whenever it could be made to appear
that United States troops had been used to sustain
or protect slavery, that moment Congress would
have power to abolish slavery in the different
Slates " What, sir, an insurrection in the South
eive Congress power to abolish slavery, provide 1
United Slates troops are called out to suppress it'
Monstrous sentiments' They are at war with the
perpetuity of the Union, and the safety of our
homes and our firesides. God forbid that a man
entertaining such views, should be continued at the
head of the Pest Office Department    God forbid
Here the Speaker reminded Mr. W. that the
hour of twelve had arrived, and he was compelled
to tske his seat.
SPEECH OP MR. McROBERTS,
OFIILINOB,
In Senate, August 13, 1841—Upon his amendment
to equalize the grants of land to the States, add
afterwards upon the question of the passage of
the bill.
Mr. McROBERTS moved to amend the bill by
striking out the proposed grant to the new States,
and to insert the following-
"That thei e shall be granted to each of the States of Illinois,
Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Alabama, a quantity of land which, together with the
amountsuch State hasalready received, shall be equal to the
quantity gi anted by Congie«s to the State of Ohio, to wit, to the
State of Illinois, 492 SUO acres, io ihe State of Indiana, 288 OtO
acies, to the State of Michigan, 1 037 000 acres to Ihe Stale
of Missouri 1048 000 acres to the State of Arkansas 1,040,000
acres to tho- ¡state of Louisiana, 1 097 000 acres, to the Istate
of Mississippi, 1 095000 acres, to the State of Alabama, 672,000
acr,es "
•Mr Bf\ ton moved to attend th" amendment,
by adding the following word •
"And asimilar quantity to that gi anted to Ohio shall ho
granted to each State that may heiealter become a membei of
the Fedetal Union Provided, That if the quantities shall h e
found to be inaccurately stated m this act then, and m tha t
case the u ue quantities to be granted shall be ascertained at
the General I and Office '
Mr. McRoberts accepted the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri, and the question recurred
upon the aJoption of the amendment as amended.
Mr. McRoberts commenced his argument by
stating that th" subject before the Senate was one
of the highest importance to at least eight States m
the Mississippi vallej, and looking to the princi-
ples involved, that importance was extended to the
whole family of the confederacy. He said the
subject of the public lands had m various forms
been berore the Stnate and the country for many
years. Several plans for its disposition, and for
its administration while under the management of
the Federal Government, had been proposed, dis-
cussed, and partially, though not finally, acted
upon.
Mr. McRoberts said the Senate were now en-
gaged in what he feared might be considered a
final disposition ofthe public domain of the coun-
try. He believed that the ■subject had not been
duly considered, that a short-sighted policy, stimu-
lated by what savored too much of self interest, on
he part of a portion of the members of the Confe-
deracy, and possibly by the cravings of avarice, had
brought unfortunately more support to the bill un-
der csnsideiation, than it ever could have derived
irom its intrinsic justice, or from an enlarged,
philosophical, a-d liberal view of human affairs.
He said he must a«k the S nate to contemplate
the deleterious operations of the bill m its present
form, to look to its manifest and palpable partiali-
ty, to the grovelling cyst m of dividing out spoils,
not their own, which this bill contemplates, among
the States of the Union He rvr] any act that was
founded in gross injustice, could never meet the
approval of a great Commonwealih And, sir,
(•■aid Mr McRobsrts ) I propose to day to pomt
you to those unen mg evidences of the partiality,
injustice, and ann-Amencan spirit of the bill, and
to its unconstitutionality ¡n its present form, which
I trust may not be overlooked in the vote to be
given
But, sir, before I proceed to that branch of the
