SIO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 184L
27th Cong......1st SBSg.
Public Lands—Mr. McMoberts.
Senate.
air. Ohio received a million one hundred and H
forty three thousand acres of land, and is also to ]
receive her ten per cent, by the provisions of this
bill. Nothing but a donation of a similar quantity
of land to these States, can equalize the grant-..
We of the West and Southwest will consent to
nothing less. To illustrate the oppressive opera-
tions of this bill, take the case of Arkansas Under
the present census she will have but one member
of Congress for the next ten years, and yet before
that time arrives, she will have not less than three
or four hundred thousand people.
Acres.
In that State there is surveyed, and
subject to private entry       -           - 13,015,975
Unsnrveyed land, but to which the Ir-
dian title is extinguished     -           - 12,999,139
Making      -           -           - 96,015,114
Now, sir, the bill on your tabl« intends to sub-
ject this vast property, as far as possible, to its agra
nan operations before the next census. At ihe
ratio of 60,000, the number of members in the
House of Representatives will be 249, for the next
ten years. In the general distribution, then, Ar-
kansas, one of the nobis young members of this
Union—a State having the same rights of sove-
reignty, freedom and independence, as the olher
States—is to receive one two hundred and forty-ninth
part of the sales of land wiihm her own limns and
the money for which will be paid mostly by her
own citizens! The teD per cent, would now amount
to but a few thousand dollars.
[Mr. Sevisr rose and said, to but $ 13,000 ]
Yes, sir, (said Mr. McRoberts,) !o the sunn of
413,000; a sum which would be an insult to offer
to the State, under the circumstances But let ihe
ten per cent, increase with the sales, as rapidly as
it may, it can never equal the hundreds of thou-'
sands m the increase of her population, and who
are wholly unprovided for in this bill. Her divi-
dend is to be confined to one member in Congress,
although her numbers and wants will increase every
day. At the end of ten years, with a population of
three or four hundred thousand, Arkansas will be
receiving but the miserable pittance which ¡-he
would receive to-day!
I* Can injustice more odious than this be conceived'!
And this injustice will fall like a blighting mildew
upon all the new States. And what becomes of the
fund? Why, sir, I will tell you. It is to be paid
to States that happen to be now most populou-
Arkansas will, in time, be among the great and
populous States of the Valley of the Miss ssippi
But, before that day arrives, this bill intends to
sweep the public domain within her lim ts, and di-
vide it among the elder members of the confedera-
ted family. Hereafter, the patriotic sons of the
new States, m looking to the roads, canals, and
public works, constructed in the old Sta'es by the
proceeds of their lands, may well say, we, too, should
have had means for public improvement , ottr fa-
thers of the Revolution willed it to us, m the ac-
quisitions which they won by the sword; but, while
we were in our infancy, our siiter States, the elder
heirs, seized upon the inheritance and wrested it
from us. Such, sir, will be the indignant feelings
of those whom you have robbed, because you had
the physical power to do so.
You may refuse to do justice, but jou saallnot
perform the fraudulent me in silence. You shaH
be told of it to your face, in (his Senati Yon have
an inexorable Federal majority, and can theiefore
oppress the new States; but yon have no moral
rig&t 10 do so. The day will come—mark it, Mr,
the day will come—remember, another census, ye*',
ten years mora, will bring that bright d ly, a"d m¡
prayer is lhat I may live to b; one of the r*en ¡ha1
will then right ourselves Whether in pub] c life
or private life, I am one of thos<-ih?t dua't feat
responsibility: I can meet it an/ vhe'e And I
tell you now, that the effect of this bill is to rob
the new Slates, and that you pre pressing n with 1
recklessness which the people of thi, Union <\i'j
know.
Sir, if you refuse to adopt this amendment, plac-
ing the new States upon a footing of equality, I
verily believe yoa will have rejected the only con-
stitutional provision connected wi>h the bill,
Sir, said Mr. McK-oberis, if t>ns distribution
policy once succeed, the people of the new Sta'es
may abandon all hope of any amelioration of the
existing land system. They ma> abandon all hope
ot further pre-emptions, the clause of this bill pre
tending to provide for pre-emptions, is a sheer
fraud, and calculated to deceive tne public with
a name, without the reality. They need never
flatter themselves, after the passage of this bill,
and until they can repeal it, of any graduation or
reduction of the price ©f ihe public lands, or of
what is most desirable, their final and equitable
surrender to the States. The only hope that we
of the West and South ha*e to obtain what is
]u t in Ihe administration of the public lands, is to
oppose this scheme of distribution. Sir, I am
weaned to see Western or Southern men advo-
cating this measure. Let rae address myself to
them, and ask what possible good can you see that
will result from 11? Let me ask my honorable
friends if they have duly con-idered the bearings
of this distribution policy, and traced the motives
which are now propelling it forward? Remember
that it is a departure from the long and well settled
policy of the Government, from its formation until
this day If this policy be a wise one, then let it
be remembsred that it is wisdom which never shone
upon the path of the fonndeis of the Republic. It
is wisdom of modem origin, and of most doubtful
virtue. When these lands were acquired, the
terms and purposes were most aceura'ely defined.
The deed to the Government for that portion of
the country east of the Mississippi, provided in the
most solemn manner that these lands
"Shallbe considered a common fund, foi the ute ami benefit
of such oí the Lmted States as have become, or shall become,
members of the Confederation or Federal alliance of s^id
States, Vngtnia inclusive, according to their usual respective
proportions in the geneial charge and expenditure, aid shall
be faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pul pose, and foi
no other use or purpose whatsoever "
8 ich is the plain language of the di ed, <jnd the
explicit terms upon which it was executed This
dted ras made by Thomas Jefferson, Samuel
Hardy, Arthur Lee, and James Monroe—mm,
the mention of whose names will be sufficient to
show that these guarded provisions were well con-
sidered.                                        '
Congres", in her resolve of 1730, requested the
States to surrender to her their wís e lands,"/or the
common benefit of the Union'1'1 ar-d 'for the common
benefit and support of ihe Union" It was asked
for no othei purpose, and the grant adopts the pre-
cise language, and is made in accordance with the
tertas, and for the uses specified in the resolve of
Co igress Now, can any sane man find, either in
the le&olve of Congress, or in the deed conveying
these lands 10 the United States, any right m the
States individually to claim these lanJs according to
population'1 Will any one contend that the C^n-
ledt ration, under wh ch the gra-,t r. as made, could
have made any such distribution of these landv?
Why, su, the bare attempt at such an open and
palpable violation of the agreement, would have
induced the proprietory States to have reclaiu ed
the lands. The mode of ascertaining the "usual
respective proportions of the general charge and
expenditure" under the Confederation, was ac
coidmg to ihe amount of taxable land m tho seve-
ral States
Well, ur, the Confederation bad no poser to
dispone of the tends accoiJmg to Pe epal repre-
sentative population All will adm t th s Nn-v
lei us K qu it- vhetVr, upon the aloptionot ne
C ns'i ulion of Ihe United State-, ?ny  -lch po el
wa  conferred uoou Congress'!
Th^ firt o-ovi ion of the Co*ist tutii", ¡ ,,p]>,
c^blt 10 the sub.ec', is Article G I  pi ivi es
that—
"A I 'eh! connacied and engagements en uei'mi  before
the adoptiu-i of tin-. Pons itutton shaft be as va]j i ^uncf
the II it 1 Sta'e , undci this Gonsuui ion, as under the Con 0
dcntion "
Corgre-s r, (heriré, brund by the "engage-
ments enteted into ' in regard to thes  land-j under
the Confederation, and is co duded by the terms
of ¡hat "engagement   If tae Confederation had
not power to dispose of the money for these 'ands
according to population, and I have fully shown that
it had not, neither has Congress
But, sir, the honorable member from Virginia,
vtnusits nearest rue, [Mr. Archer] has, in the
course of his able argument, traced this agrarian
power to a provision of the 4th Article of the Con-
stitution. As this is so novel, and was pressed
with such earnestness, let ns proceed to examine
it. The provision of the Consutu'ion relied upon
is in these Words:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose, of and make all
needful rules and regulations 1 especting the territory and other
property belonging to the United States "
Now it is very obvious that if this clause confers
upon Congress the power to dis'ríbute¡ the money
derived from lands, among the States, that it also
confers power to distribute the m ney derived from
any "other property" of the United States m the
same manner. The Constitution makes no dis-
tinction between land and "other property " The
power of Congress is declared to apply to bota,
and is absolute over both Then, sir, the public
bildmgs, and light houses, and dock yards, as well
as horses and wagons, when they shall no longer
be required by (he Government, could be sSld, and
under this newly di covered potter,Congress could
could appropriate th; money to the States !!!
Nay more, sir, tlie noble ship Delaware, which
we were invited to see a few dajo unce, with her
eighty guns, and which we saw u*ed with such
wonderful skill—that noble emblem of national
defence and national glory, might be sold because
she is properly of the United State', and ihe pro-
ceeds voted into the State Treasane", and this too
in accordance With the Constitution! There is
not a month m the twelve but there are sales of
"properl} of the United States" in some of the va-
rious br?nches of the publife service, and, accord-
ing to this new t'octrine, the money could be con-
stitutionally voted to the States. Why, Mr. Pre-
s dent, the wildest days of Hsmiltoman Federal sm
are thrown into tne shade by a construction «0
lalatudinamn a? this All the guards imposed
with such studied cannon, by the framers of the
Constitution, upun Congress, m the disposition of
the public r*one',, are swept from existence, and
we left nothing to stand upon, if this new and ex-
traoidinary doctrine snail ever gam fcothold in the
country. Sir, the only substantive power conferred
in the ?bove clause of the Constitution, is to dis-
pose 0/ the territory and other property of ihe United
States. Nothing was, or need to have been said
aoout the money to be received for it. It would
pass into the National Treasury a  part of the na-
tional revenues. The States were not named as
ihe recipients, and were ntver thougnt of by any
human being The power to make rules respect-
ing property would fol'ow owne'ship, whether by
Governments or individuals. But this power of
disposal, so far as the land is concerned, was
first conferred in the deed of cession, and is but
copied from the deei mto the Constitution. It was
designed to make obligatory on Congress what
was obligatory on th • Confederation That obli-
gation was to dispose of these lands for national
purpo=e«, for the com non benefit of thi? Union, and
not 'o States/iccording to population Another obli-
gation was to organize States, and to admit them
into the Federal Union with the same rights of
freedom, sovereignty and independence, as the old
Sta'es.
Well, sir, Congress has powtr
"To dispose 01 the teintory and othei property of the Unltpd
States "
' To lay and collect taxes, dot e , and imposts,' &c
"lo borrow money upon the c edif oí the United S.ate^ "
AU ¡hese powers, sir, Congre o possesses b/ ex-
ore s grant, Money, i.hen 't i achi-s the naticnal
Tied on. %v',ether der./ea from jando or otrerpro-
pest), oi- fiora <ix «•, o' an 'cv upon the credit
of 'he U^iied Si? c >ev. mes 5 ao'10 r venu<', and
cannot be  isprsed < f, cyc^p* f> purposeb autho-
rized in the Co  sti ut 111 I cannot be dra« n from
the Tr asjty, exept t <, an apoiopristion madf by
Iaw. And, ., ¡, can you f nd ij ihe Constitution
any p v.c coTf^rr"d "ptn Congress to appropri-
ate money mlo the troasimei of the States? Did
the venerat-d irame s rf our elonous Constitution
ever dream that therp was a h'-'den and dormant
power contained in mat instrument, by which this
national Government could collect money, or lay
and collect taxes, not for the few and strictly de-
fined objects in the Constitution, but for purposes
