Ssk-
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, Í841.
27^a Cong.......1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Mcfíoberls.
Senate.
'iTtoyrfhe Jilinuters) ought to liberate trade from all pío-
tbUm'iñaeixiól required for revenue. He aidnotapproveof
the proposed rates of duty on sugar, being of opinion that they
fed notiSufficieady lowered the duty on colonial sugar, which
tfey ought ¡oféauce to 18s. 01 20s. the rale existing in 1801.
■tfHe'couritry should, however,' understand, that the object of
Ministers was to raise revenue for the public service without
new taxation: and that the object of their opponents was to con-
tinue protection, or, in other words, to continue the tax on the
consumera of sugar and of corn.
"The honarable member for Aylesbury had staled that cheap
bread necessarily implied low wages—a common statement of
cjorniaw"supporters; whilst he (Mr. Hume) asserted that all
experieriC8.showed results directly the reverse, fur whenever
bread was cheap, trade was brisk, wages high, and artisans had
adequatafftod, Iodging,-ani clothing. This held good in gene-
fit'jnSMA'd, hut the strongest proof was to be found in the
üír&jaTsiatós of America, where food was generally cheap,
and.-HagssalKayshigh.
-,,4iThe acewsed corn laws interfered with the revenue of the
coúníryVañd in every way with the comfort and happiness of
the people;., they prevented them from exchanging the produce
of their labor for food.                                      .
«'He (Mr. Hume) had made an acrurate calculation of the
amount of the tax which the people had paid to the planters m
the. increased prices of three articles, sugar, molasses, and
coffee, consumed by them in the year 1840, which amounted to
"^Tea and foreign coffee had been admitted, and there had
been an increase in the consumption since 1821 of 80 per cent,
while,on,sugar, under the prohibitive duties, there had lieen an
increase, of only 15 per cent. Tea and coffee had been largely
used without the proportion of sugar, to the great privation of
tMipeople,
V'The. consumption of sugar had decreased during the last
forfyyears, Bs the du'y1,ad increased. In 1801, when the duty
was 20 . per hundred weight, the consumption was 28* pounds
catitead; but, in 1840, when the prire was extravagantly high,
thé'có'nsu'mplion decieased lo 1-H pound per head. Puch had
been the effect of the prohibitive duties on the'consumption ol
3ugar.>
"Tho average increase of prrre, hv protection, for these five
years—1836,1S37, 1838, 1830, 1810— was 16)!. 9d. and che people
of this country having, during that period, consumed 18,773,307
hundred weight of sugar, had, consequent!), paid the enormous
sum of ¿15,236,000 (equal to 875,000,000) taxation, in the shape
of protection to the sugar monopolists, over and above what they
would have paid for their sugar if no protective duty had exis.-
ed,. ,If this was not plunder of the people by law, for the bene-
fit of one class only, he should like to know what wasplundei "
Such, sir, (said Mr. McRoBerts,) aie the opi-
qfrfós'of a gentleman who has been a member cf
trie' British Parliament upwards of thirty years.
Hi* experience and intelligence will, I hope, allow
lúe to introduce him as a good witness against the
¡ttiéasures of taxation now proposed by the Federal
par.ty in the American Congress; and against a
tax bill already passed by a Federal House of Re-
presentatives.
Sir, the whole scheme for dividing our revenue
—and this bill proposes nothing else—(for its au-
thors admit that the whole of the present revenue
is insufficient to carry on the Government, and are
passing bills, lo borrow money.) is a mere device of
the moneyed aristocracy and suck gamb'eis to tux
fííf. people in disguise. Impost duties fall upon
trade, upon commerce, upon industry. A-v duties
ate increased, every one kr.ow.- that ihe great iufe-
rests affected by them are ret irded, «ml as these
di'Ues a«ain are diminished, the same inter -Is ,ue
Mjmulated. The bill that has passed t'.-o House is
(he more obnoxious because it laxes the artices
used by the poor as mueh as those used by the rich.
In all systems of direct ttxaüon, th  rich would
contribute most of the revenue, because the tax
would'then fall on property and land; but iti direct
taxation Ihe poor pay in equal proportions upon
all the necessaries of life, where dinies fall upon
consumption and no! upon propeiiy.
Sir, we on this side of the House have met with
an opposition in our attempts to amend the distri-
bution bill, which is wholly inexplicable, unless we
are lo conclude that by previous arrangement
amongitsfriends no amendments were to b? allowed.
A great number of the most salutary amendments
—those demanded by every principie of justice__
have been rejected by a strict party vote.
The most important amendment which we have
carried, is the one offered by myself on the 9th, in
committee, to include the. Tf.rrUm'm of Wvconsin,
7*«i«, and Florida, for a share of the distribution
about to be made. It vas at first voted don . A
week afterwards, I was surprised and gratified to
find the chairman of the commíüee, who had voted
aga;nst it, coming forward and offering it support.
Upon being reminded that that amendment haJ
been offered and voted down, the honorable chair-
man said he had forgotten that he had voted asainat
it.
I only mention this to show that an indiscrimi-
nate opposition to'amendments may uuintentional-
Ij do injustice.
Tne amendment was arierwaids carried, upon
my motion, when ihe bill was reported to the Se-
nate, by a vo<e of 22 to 18—every Democrat pre-
sent and the honorable chaiiman voting in the af-
firmative.
Sir, the honorable member from Virginia who
sit.-, nearest to me [Mr. AnciiEit] says, iba! if the
old Pta'es do not now claim the lat.d, the time is
coming when they will lose it, from the weight of
representation in the West and South. Sir, the
policy of the Government in disposing of these
lands has been for the benefit and support of the
Union. The proceeds hive been applied to na-
tional, purposes. They hive contributed to sup-
port your army, and to provide arms for future
use, to build and equip your navy, aid to erect
forts and arsenals. So far as the past is concerned,
the public domain has been applied lo the great
purposes contemplated by cessions from particular
Staes, and purchases from f^reifin Governments.
The States formed upon those lands have observed
the utmost got d faith in their stipulations toward
the General Government. Thrre is no matter of
reproach resting upon their esculch-oas. And, sir,
what more cm the old Sia'es, or their Senalors on
this floo?, desire? If they want any thing more,
they have it in the renown and national glory
which the new Siair-shave added to this Union.
I will not believe that any one of the old States,
and especially that old, renowned, and uuteirified
Commonwealth, after haying contributed so much
to the advancement of her childim in that grt at
valley, will ever permit a feeling of avarice to mar
her good will, or to form any rule of her action.
On the contrary, her whole course and policy ftr
sixty years, b marked wi h the loftiest patriotism.
If any one should ask what have the ceding Stales
received for ihe tian^fer of their Western lands to
the Government, ¡el but him cast his eyes from the
lakes along the map of that great valley to the
Gulf of Mexico, and count the towns, and villages,
and cities, and improvements that have bees
made. Let him count the Slates that have risen
upon these lands, and that are pressing forward
with giant strides in the cause of human happiness
and human improvement. Let him behold a ter-
ritory, larger than half the kingdoms of Europe,
and count their millions of population, di^t:n-
guished tcr all those high qualities which adorn
out nature, and the question as to the boon they
had received will he answered. His soul would
swell [o overflowing at lhe contemplation of ihe
imperishable glory which the great stars in that
valley h-we added to the Union.
Sir, tt'>rke once said, when debating our cau-e
in the British Parliament, at thf commencement of
th ■ Ri volution, that ihe Ministry, Loid Nonh and
oth-rs, h,id underestimated the population of the
clonie-s. They had sUled the ntimbei at less ihan
three millions. He insisted it was more; but he
added that population increased so rapidly in Aije-
nra, that whatever might be fixed upon as the true
da'a, while ihey were debating llu subject, the in-
crease would far outstrip the estimated numbers.
The West has verified all lht<, and more. An
the learned lb' oiies about population, iiave been
thrown into the. shade, by what ha1; passed in
review before us. Reality has ou'sirtpped fiction.
And, sir, one of Ihe ¡jreal causes of our advance-
ment, is the Democratic institutions in the JVcto
Slates. The old aristocratic notion of confining
the right of suffrage to property, or to the free
hold, which Mill finds some favor on this side of
the ridge, has givan way with u?, and ¡hose whom
we require to pay taxes, to work on roaels, and to
fight our battles, we think aie worthy to vote.
The Athenians made if a capita! offence for
strangers to intrude their voice into the public
councils. We think the reasons for excluding
foreigners from civil orpohliral rights, who are
wormy and qualified, has measurably ceased, and
a liberal and fraternal policy is adopted; and thus
far it has worked well.
Sir, a leading feature in the policy of Virginia,
was to organize States upon tlu public domain.
The terms of her deed of ee-s'on seem not to look
beyond the period when the Slates should be
foimed. There is a strong inference from this of
what Virginia meant.   Sir, Congress was not in-
sensible of this, and therefore took the precaution
to make bargains with the Territories, o> rather to
impose unconstitutional terms of their admission
into the Union, upon ihe subject of the public
lands. My belief is, that Virginia never intended
that the- public domain should be claimed as a
permanent source of revenue. My belief is, that
she intended, that when the General Government
surrendered the local Government to the new
States, the remaining temltry should also be
surrendered.
But, sir, it is not Virginia we are contending
with to-day. It is tte land p;ra¡es, atd lite stock-
jobbers, who have raised the wind, and are getting
up instructions for Senators, and moving every in-
terest that they suppose c^n contribute to carry this
bill through Congress.
To quiet ihe settlers on the public lands, the
bill proposes to grant pie empiions, and t's fraudu-
leat character is at once petceived, in the list of
impediments thrown in the way of pre eruptions.
1st. The pre emplion is refui.ed unless the land
be surve}ed before it was settled upon; thereby
making the iifglect or inability cf the Government
to hasten the survey?, ihe causo for this oppressive
restriction. The early and imrepid pioneer is most
entitled to the protection of the Government. Is it
just to exclude the first settlers from a pre-emption,
. whether they build their hou-.es, pit ugh their fields,
and plant iheircorn, either before or after the land
was surve>ed? What difference can a survey
make? Trie  hole AVest will be injured by litis
restriction. In Illinois, and other Stales, there sre
hundreds and thousands of citizens residing upon
the public lands which have net been surveyed.
Sir, we have had counties organized and thickly
populated upon the public domain. And let me
say further, that no population upon this eanh is
more just, more upright, or more hospitable, than
that population. Honor, integrity, and chivalry,
are lhe;r birthright. The whole of the denuncia-
tions of the setilers upon the public lands are only
evidence of the ignorance of the men who make
them. This restriction is oppressive, and violates
every pre-emption law from 1812 to this day.
2d. A pre-emption is dented in all cases where
the party has 320 acres of land in any State or
Territory. Ac emigrant for the West may leave
320 acres on thisside of the mountains which are
too poor to furnish him a support, and which he
cannot rell, or he may have military land in the
Southwest which is inundated, or not fit for culti-
vation. In both cases he r?.ust sacrifice his land,
tir lose a pre-emption under this bill.
3d. It is refused when the party leaves his own
laud, to reside upon the public ¡and. An indi-
vidual may have but foity acres where h¡ resides,
or he may own but a home and lot in a town,
and his removal may b; diciated by duty to his*
family; or his homestead may be without timber,
or water, or prove to he unhealthy, by which he
maybe forced to seek anew residence—yet this
bill has no bowels of compassion; such a man io
ab^olu'ely prohibited upoa any terms, from obtain-
ing a pie-emption,
4th If there be mines of coal or other n-incra!,
a pre-emption is refused: a restriction never b-.
fore inserted in any pre-emption law, so lar as coa!
is concerned.
5th It ¡ei'uses to increase or diminish the distri-
butive shares lo the States, according to the census
to bo taken under their own laws, by which fie
new States will lose all that will be <tae to them fW
their immense increase of population for the next
ten years.
In the last ten years the new States and Terri-
tories increased about three hundred per cent.
We may reasonably suppose the increase
will not be less in the ten years to come. The
distribution tobe made upon the census of 1840,
and to be continued upon that census till 1850,
will defraud the new States cut of more tb&n or*e
half the dividend to which they would be justly
entitled. No man here, or any where, will deny
this. Vet amodon which we made on this side of
the House to correct this evil, has been voted down
by a strict party vote.
6th. This bill refuses to equalize the grants of
land to   the new States.   Ohio has received one
