S14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE¡
Augijsk \Wj
2?th Cong. .. 1st Sess.
Mscal Bank—Mr. Hastings'.
II. of Reps.
and by its doing so, of course it cannot effect the
¡tarposes it ostensibly professes.
From the character of some of our legislation, it
might be supposed that we forget that the powers
of the General Government are derivative; that the
inherent, or legitimate power of the people—which
is their equal rights—is diffusive as well as concen-
trate; the power" of the last being derived from
the first.
The power of the people in a republic—the State
of Ohio, for instance—is both diffusive and concen-
trative. Always diffusive; concentrated only in
the action of governing through the power of ihe
people as one and indivisible. Essentially diffu-
sive, every individual being an equal and indepen-
dent atom of power; partially concentrative in the
combination of the atoms to form a Government,
and the action of that Government, guided and
limited by a Constitution formed by the people
themselves, in their inherent, legitimate sove-
reignty, throngh the exercise of their equal rights
.in combination—si! power being derived from,
and resolving itself into the people, through the
action of the diffusive into the concentrative, and
of the concentrative into the diffusive. Hence, any
law that Congress makes, which violates the equal
rights of the people, (as this Bank will do,) in-
volves their sovereignly; for it is a concentraiion of
their equal rights into a whole whic'i composes tbat
sovereignty. But as there is no such thing as per-
fection in humanity, when mankind attempt to go-
vern themselves in aggregate masses there must be
some check—some balance to protect the minority
against arbitrary excesses in the majority. That
check, or balance, is a Constitution—a code of re-
gulations—which prescribes certain defined, just
action, that the majority must confuí* itself to in
the exercise of its power. It is the necessity of
the thing, the absence of perfection in human na-
ture, that suggests and bnrgs this resource to the
aid of free Government, and enables it to approach
as near to perfection in ¡is polity as human skill
will permit.
At the same time this Oonstiiution cannot, must
not, abrogate, or infringe, or evade the inherent,
inalienable lights of the individual in his equality
of political relations to his fellow-man; because
they are rights which Omnipitence has endowed
him with—they belong to his nature, and are a
part of ii; which man cannot confer, and therefore
cannot take away. Ou'.rage a man's equal rights,
and you out rage his liberty; and no man will permit
the the latter to be touched, and'herefore he should
be equally as tenacious of ihe former's inviolabili-
ty. And as the Slates, in the exercise of their go-
vernmental powers, have not, rightfully, the power
to infringe the equal rights of their people at home,
they could not give up to the Federal Constitution,
at its formation, a power which they did not pos-
sess; which they never can possess; and of course
their representatives on this floor cannot do it
thtoujih legislation. And it is a pity that thii
all-important truth had not been consideied and
clearly defined by the great minds that formed
that instrument—I mean the Federal Constitution.
It would have saved the American people a world
of monetary m'series that have been inflicted on
them by the Hamiltonian paper money finance
schemes, and tram of monopoly, and vested mh's,
and special privilege device--, that have torment-
ed the people to the present hour.
The very first consideration, the first principle,
the vitality of fiee Government, is the equal
rights of the people; it is ¡he foundation, and the be-
ginning, asd the end; ¡1 i ¡the pure eterice ai liberty,
that prevades, and strentthi-ns and keeos tcgnh.-r
the whoie body poli'ic of associated freeman m this
Union. And through ¡he whole ?.c ion <f Federal
Government, th s all prevading elemer-t of {redora
must be held SMcp'd; cot a "r.rtiol*1 of it must be ab-
stracted from the a'mn.-phere of D.-mocraoy. We
cannot be redetned from the oppressive c'Tum-
siances we have brought on .nirselvci by any halt-
ing expedients whatsoever. Nothir.'butan abnlut;
submission to ihe benign, healing, co>ts,.rv?.ave
agency of this puro spirit ot iibsity can sus'am,
can save us. So far, unfortunately, we have not re-
spected, but outraged it—grossly outraged it; and
for which we have been justly punúhed.    Yes, sir;
we have recklessly, perversely, violated, oat-
raged this vital principle of equal rights. We vio-
lated it by chartering United States Banks, we vio-
lated by passing bounty laws; we violated it by dis-
criminating and protective tariffs; we violated it by
credit duties; we violated it by associating the fiscal
concerns of the Government wbh banks of issue;
we violated it by alien and sedition laws; we viola-
ted it by special and exclusive privilege laws; and
we are now attempting to violate it more signally
than ever, by establishing a paper money corpora-
tion, involving a never-ending system of debt and
taxation, to be wrung out of the laborof the Ameri-
can people,and reduce them virtually to a stage of
vassalage. We violate it by every act in which con-
fer upon a part, or corporation, any portion of
this power which belongs only to the whole in as-
sociation, through the action of Government. Yes;
in doing these things we have been exercising a
power we do not possess—a power which neither
the States nor the people can prefer uron
ns, because the equal rights of the people
are inherent, legitimate; they are elements of
their being, that they cannot detach from them-
selves; they preceded the Constitution, and could
not be phced within its control, nor even can; they
are imperishable; they are p!¿in truths, so sensitive
that no man will suffer another to touch them. And
yet—strangj inconsistency I  e have permitted
those whom we have chosen to make laws for their
better protection and perpetuity, to outrage them
to an extent.that leads to their extinction!
It was this holy, this inspiriting principle, that re-
jected taxation without representation, evinced, in
the enthusiastic but coo!, determined purpose of
throwing the taxed tea into the sea at Boston. It
was the ptinciple that fought the battles of the Re-
volution. It was the principle that enabled our
forefathers to sustain the privations, hardships, and
sufferings of that seven years' war. It was the
principle that carried us triumphantly through that
glorious Revolution, so dear to the American peo-
ple and to all who love liberty throughout the
world. It was the principle that made us free, and
the principle that founded that freedom through the
Constitution andtheUnion. And itis the sacred, vital
principle, that will keep us a free people. Yes; so
sacred, no vital, that it must no longer be violated
with impunity. No, sir; the people, if they wish
to preserve their liberties, must come to the rescue;
they must no longer permit this all important, all
pervading, all-imperative, all-sustaining principle
of free government—this effulgent talisman of six
words of hallowed import to the ear oí every
freeman who loves his country and her libe-ties—
"the equal rights of ihe people"—to bt? violated or
invaded under any pretence whatsoever. But,
withal, notwithstanding these self-evident truths,
we have been outraging this principle from the
commencement of our career as a free people un-
til tne present hour. Alexander Hamilton out-
iaged it; weouttaged it by chartering United States
Banks; we outraged it by alien and sedition laws;
and we outraged if, as I said beftte, by bounty,
monopoly, exclusive privilege, vested rights, credit
duties, corporations, bank affiliation, and discrimi-
nating and protective tariff laws. And we now
see and feel the constquencies which prove it. The
b"avy inordinate balance of trade against us from
1789 to 1837, of $75=2,000,000, which I exhibited
in my remarks on this floor upwards of twelve
months ago, provis the outrage. The corruptions
of the United States Bank, which have robbed and
reduced to poverty the widow and the orpbxn,
prove the oiitrape. The calamitous, demoralizing,
and enslaving eff cts of the whole bankins or dis-
credit system prove the outrr-ge. The $300,000,000
of debt that the States ate involved'n prove the
otltraze. Our unnatural entanglements with Bri-
tish policy, and design?, and interests, and influ-
ences, prove t'.e outrage. Our sectional jealousies,
and dissatisfaction*-, and marmonngs, prove the
outrage. The extreme revulsions in our trade and
manufactures, and ail our industrial pursuits,
prove the outage. And our present monetary pri-
vations prove it most impressively. Yes, sir; all
these rn'series and sufferings are to be traced to the
continuous violation of that Democratic principle—
the equal rights of the people—by those whom the
people intrusted with the cfestinies of the Republic.
But we cannot afford to violate this principle any
longer; it cost too niuch£r that. It was recognised,
established, at the price of blood, and treasure, and
suffering, and privatio-t. We are going too far. It
must be reinstated in <s pristine purity, and efful-
gence, and power, or our liberties will be gone.
Error and aristocratic leaven, which we have per-
mitted to work, to pervade the body politic too long,
to overshadow tie principle of independence too
long, mu-st be dissipated, crushed, never to revive,
never to rise. A sacred regard for the equal rights
of she people is the test of Democracy; and he that
will not stani that test, be he high functionary, or
legislator, or constituent, is no Democrat. He may
call himself one; he may endeavor to impose on
the people with glozing professions—and succeed,
too, for a time, as has unfortunately been the case
heretofore too often and too long; nevertheless, he
will not be a Democrat. We might, with as much
truth, assert black to be white, as assert such a
man to be a Democrat. An adherence to this prin-
ciple is the true criterion of Democracy, and we
cannot be a free people unless we establish it.
The people of a State give up a portion of their
power for their better government and protection;
but, in doing so, they did not, and could not, give
up a particle of their equal rights towards each
other. And the States relinquished a portion of
their sovereign power to the Union, for their better
protection and safety; nor did they, in doing so,
give up a particle either of their equal rights to-
wards each other. Therefore, it is obvious that,
oa a strict observance of the first—the equal rights
of the ppople—hangs self-governmeni; and on an
equally strict observance of the litter—the equal
rights of the States.—hangs the Union. "Do unto
others as ye would they should do unto you: on
this hang all the law and the prophets." What a
sublime, plain, Democratic principle this is!—how
self evident!—how self-acting! And do not the
equal rights of the people maintain, embody, and
reflect this holy principle to the very lettei? If you
infringe your neighbor's equal right with yourself,
is it doing as you would be done by? Yet the peo-
ple's representatives seem to forget, lose sight of,
or will not understand these great truths. Do they
not yield them to interest, precedent, expediency,
political design, or mistaken policy? I ask the
question in perfect sincerity of heart. Surely, nei-
ther the people nor the States elect men to pass
laws that will invade their equal rights ! and this
Bank will do that must flagrantly. I solemnly be-
lieve that, if we persevere in the reckless abuse of
this principle, as we have done from the days of
Alexander Hamilton to the present, the Eepublic
must fall through. On the other hand, if we re-
turn to, and carry into entire practice, this vital
conservator of freedom—the equal rights of the
people and States—and never swerve from it, all
will be well; our Republic will endure and pros-
per; and the Union, which is the band oí our
strength and safety and peace, will continue to
keep us an harmonious, and powerful, and prospe-
rous people. And a consciousness of this palpable
truth should induce the people to reject every propo-
sition that invades their equal tights m the slightest
degree, and expel from t'ieir confidence every man,
be he high or be he low, who attempts even ihe
most trifling inroad upon this imperishab'e Demo-
cratic principle. Measure them, and judge them
by their strict observance of it; and, let their pro-
fessions be what they may, do not trust them, un-
less they come plainly up to that standard—teat
trying touchstone. Thi; is a broad, common, and
only sate ground on which all can meet and agree,
irrespective of paity; for truth, and justice, and ne-
cessity, make it in* one indispensable, all-pervad-
ing, and all-supporting ingredient in free govern-
ment. Let every act of Government be tested by
this infallible standard—the equal rights of the
people: and those that are consistent with it, retain;
and those that ate not, reject decidedly.
Every act of Congress which gives one man, or
part of 'he community, or branch of industry, a
specific or exclu-ive advantage or preference or
privilege owr another, is a violation of the equal
rights of the people, and of their sovereignty. A
violation of these rights may be further defined by
