August, 1841.                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           SJ5
£7th ConG"-«1st Sess.
a simple ¡'lustration or two. Suppose I had voted
fur thts fiscal bank, (an impossibility, by the way,)
and on my return home one of my constituents
were to ask me the reason why I did so; and I
should answer that it was for the general welfare—
the general good: what, would be his reply? "The
general welfare, indeed' Is an infi action of indi-
vidual right for the general welfare? Is not the
gejieral welfare the welfare of individuals in com-
bination; and do you not, by invading the one, in-
vade the other? What right have you, my repre-
sentative, to make a law that my nñghbor B. shall
mark and circulate two or three dollars of paper
money for one of silver, in derogation of my equal
rights? Or what right have you to make a law
that upon $100 of specie he may make $300 of
paper money, lend it, and receive interest for it;
and I shall not do the same upon f 100 worth of
'Hs-ail is not that giving capital (two-thirds or
tbree-foanhs of it fictitious too) a prefer<.nce, an
advantage over labor-— over labor which is the
parent, tae producer of real capital? What r-ght
have you to make paper money, under a1 y dis-
guise or pretence whalevei? And further, what
right have you to say that he shall do this for SO
yeais, and call it a contract with Hie? What!
contract away to Mr. B, to a corporation, in re-
ference to this advantage, my vote for 20 years!
contract away my libeity, my freewill—enslave
me to a paper despot—and call it law, call it a con-
tract, and say that our future representatives shall
hot repeal it! D.d I vote for you to perpetrate these
wrongs?
"is not gold and silver, which is the circulating
medium, a produc'—property—the result ot labor?
Is it not as much so as grain, or any thing else—
portable property?—portable real eita'e it might be
Galled. And ye! you will make a law authorizing
my neighbor to issue and circulate a representa'ive
of this producr, made out of a bit of pauer with a
picture on ¡f, enabling hirn, by special privilege,
to live and aggrandize himself without labor—
abstracting that much from the industry of hisfel-
low.msn, and to defraud the commonivealth cut of
the duty he owes it in common with us all. Is not
this a flagrant violation of our equal rights, in de-
fiinc? of justiceand common sense—rights inherent,
legitimate, elements of our being—belonging to it
by the fiat of Ornrjjpotence? And yet we have
permitted them to be abured, tampered with, out-
raged, involved in chicanery, fraud, and corrup-
tion, by designs and theories the extreme ?r,t?.go-
nists of truth, and ju::ice, and common sense!" Bui,
suppose I were to say that this fiscal bank scheme
would make credit—money—p'.entier, to develops
the resources of the coantry, and regulate to cur-
rency; then he would stare to some purpose —
"Worse and worse. Do you think me a foo.?
What! make credit out of egregious palpable fic-
tion, to be increased and decreased at pleasure,
deianging and speculating upon the industrial pur-
suits and interests of the community—cut of a vio •
¡ation of the people's equal rights—out of injustice!
and misname it credit—wiling it making mousy
plent-.er to develop the resources of the count!v! Re-
gulating the currency! Distracting the currency,
you should say. lío, roy very sapient represen-
tative, it's all nonsense: iabor, production, industry
and trade and commerce, left to their own ?ound
energies and free av.ion.must dávslope the resources
of the country." Such, ¡=ir, might my constituent
r.-.y to me¡—not in so many woids, pel haps, b it in
sabsiaKi.e, and signified in action.
We talk of precedent and expediency in !£-
Ution this Fi-e.-J Bank p-ojeet. P.,vedtnt slid
expediency have rolled and en^.ivtd t'\e world.
S>'if.e mi.n—¿reai ir-o. wo—have given up to
them their be.-!.;' ¡'ujs;m<>iii% unen s'.cin, unci
assert, impanel ueci i"'.i would hive prevented
\rars of mwery to mankind. It" ail gr:at i.-.mds
were infallible, precedent, deri'.ed i'oal ti.em,
wi'tüd ba an infallible «aide; b-t we know thai
this quality does not belong to l ui.<art nature, tin;
the only sure guile is justice; vthen precedent
will not bear that test, we must rcjeat it. We
must be guided asd abide by the Constitution, not
by precedent. Piecedent makes kings, who can
do no wrong; and we ate going to regula'e com-
merce and exchanges, and the industrial interests
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hastings.
of the country, by a paper-money monarch called
a Fiscal Bank; for which wc have the precedent
of two monarebs of thf same nature, and the last
cne so opprees-i/e anddestructive in his operatiors
that it should be a constant warming to the Ameri-
can people. But for this we had the precedent on
Britain, who regulates her commerce ana indus-
try by a National Bank and paper money—with
the modest auxiliary, however, of a standing army
of some hundred and twenty thousand men. Oar
paper money monarch will have a standing army
too—not military merceneries, though; we have
not arrived quite at that yet—but by troops of
mercenaries of another descrip ion—by a brood of
six and twenty deputy monarch?, called branches,
one in each State; and batches of satellite?, called
offices of discount and deposite, and trained bands
of bank presidents and cashiers, and director?, and
clerks, and ho ts of borrowers and shavers, and
speculator?, and monopolists, and other voracious
advocates of paper. How beautifully this kind of
an army, armed with "promises to pay," have re-
gulated commerce, and all else, so far, the country
well knows and feeU too sensibly ever to forget.
They regulated it into an adverse balaste of trade
of some seven hundred and fifty mdlions of dollars,
and some three hundred and fifty millionsof dolías
loss by broken bmk v.nd some two hundred millions
of dollars of State debts, and an incalculable amount
of discredit, and insolvency, and distress, and mo-
netary convulsion and demora'ization; and they
regulated it into an alliance with circumstances of
the sane character in England; and they regulated
these one thousand three hundred millions of dol-
lars out cf the sweat of the working-man's
brow, they abstracted it from the fruits of the in-
dustry of the farmer, str.d the mechanic, and
the manufacturer, and from the acquisitions of ihe
en'erurising merchants, and the voyages cf the
hardy sailor—and now we are a*K-:d to try another
such regulator. Tes, precedent has had its share
in inflicting upon us these oppressive circumstan-
ces; and passed over the equal right? of the people
as a mere nullity, in arriving at the result. It may
be the practice of conventional life, or rather ill-
digested policy, to yield to precedent, but is it
wise to do it indiscriminate1}'? So far fr.'m it, that
where the equal rights of the people are concerned
or involved, it is suicidal, unless clearly right.
My constituents did not send me here to be
guided by precedent, no mat'er how imposing or
high in his country's estimation the example; they
s*nt me here to do their will under the Constitu-
tion—that instrument to be my text-book, inespec-
tive of piecedent. Preparatory to entering on nry
duties I pledged myself, under the solemnity of
an oath, to support the Constitution, and it is un-
necessary ¡o declare thii* I wilt adher:? to it to the
be,t of my judgment. I have found.durir.g ir.y time,
that great men ha</e err.°d as -veil as little men;
that men hi°h in office andstanding have erred; and
I will not take such judgment for a standard. The
Constitution will be my reference, and I will con-
strue it ai strictly as my understanding will permit;
whatever measure it does not warrant I will reject,
no rn.tttcr what precedent it may have; Í will adopt
no tiing on implication; I will confine m>se!f reli-
giously Wits provisions, in preference to expedien-
cy or undefined latttute; and if there shculd be a
doubt, little or r;r;eb, I will lean towards the sp'rii
of ihe instrument itself, in its strictest sence, in
pref-ref.ee, as Í have sr-id, to expediency or ¡mail-
cation, or vague, unrestrainedla:itud3~ io the in-
strumfnt 'that v. as pl.-nned bv sages snd patriot-.,
at a tnom-nt fat loev hid ll:e freedom and happi-
ng ¡-i mankind deeply at hea-t; thooe e.c-.t nvj:i,
just. ¿ra°reed ir«m the peril.'of ibo liev.-ilathm.
whoíe e.>.p ins:velv eleva ed mm in wete s>bove de-
t-cendit.g io thecltbisemen' c" cov.hi:--. uiter-st,
or nett> a':ibt-io.i, or van: i-Spir-iuci. f.v oJh -^ o:
power.
Conarefs, nccoidifft to the CV-ni-ii'Duoti, n".a>
make laws to car.y into cxecn:i"n the «ranted
powers of that instrument. But is there nothing >c
guide Congress in .loins ?"? no ("ire to direct the
judgment,Ihe dtscrimina'ior. of th" Represcnta'ive,
in the exercise of so important a duty? Undoubted-
ly there is: the equ- ! tights of ths people are the
guide, the limit; and laws fot the purpose of carry-
H. ot Reps
i ing into effect any of the granted powers, must net
infringe these rights in ihe slightest degree. Hap-
pily, the Constitution cou'd not give Congress the
power; for the equal rights of the people are above
the Constitution; thsy were before it; it is subordi-
nate to them; they made it, and the creature cannot
destroy the creator. The equal rights of the peo-
ple, concentrated as one, compose the legitimate
power of the people in the action of Govern-
ment; and Government cannot, but by usurpation,
invade those rights; therefore, it mi<;ht be said that
every act of Congress, of such a character, is vir-
tually a nullity. There must be some first princi-
ple to guide human action, to regulate fallible man
m the polity of government, and this is it—the
equal righ's of the people. "Doing as you would
be done by," is this sublime, this happy principle,
this infallible director, that smoothes all difficulties
in the way of free Government; that enables a peo-
ple to associate together, to become powerful, and
maintain their liberty in pease and harmony. This
great principle is the birthright, the conservator of
m?j irity and minority—the support and protection
of both.
gSjWhat are we going to  do?   This Fiscal Bank
vitiates the equal rights of the people and the Con-
stitution at almost every step; and it invades State
rights, and outrages the sovereignties of the States.
Yes, sir, it involves all these serious consequences.
It violates the Constitution, by making paper mo-
ney; for no sophistry can make bank notes that do
not repie?ent gold and silver, dollar for dollar, any
thing but paper money.    It violates the Constitu-
tion^;' making paper money a legal tender, direct-
ing that the. bills or notes of the Bank "shall be re-
ceived in all payments to the United States."   It is
trae, it atempts to soften the violation, by adding,
"unless otherwise directed by Congress "    But this
ccnf.e-ceusion cannot abstract from the obnoxious-
ness of the imperative injunction.   We know that
this provision of the bill does not say that an indi-
vidual of the people shall take this paper money;
r,o—¡t  only says the   Government   shall fake it.
ISfow this  is  infinitely worse; lor it is saying vir-
tually that the sovereign people, in their exponent
—the Government—shall take it; for surely no one
will pretent to ¡-ay that the Government is not the
people.    Yes, sir, the Government is the people,
and the whole people; the Government is the power
of    Ihe   people   in    their    collective     capacity,
through     the    rovereignties    of     the    States
under    the    Constitution;     it   U   composed   of
the   individual equal rights of the whole people
concentrated in the action of governing.   When
jon say that Government shall take this paper-
money in payments to the United Siates, you might
as well say (and you are saying, virtually, as far
as it goes) th.tt every State shall take it—that every
freeman shall take it; tor the States and the peo-
ple are identified in their Government; and no ca-
suistij', however subtle, can  make it otherwise.
You <a-.inor du vith tht; individual freeman's Go-
vernment what you  cannot do  with himself; be-
cause he, through uU (.qui nghir, is an atom of
that  Government.    It   violates  the Cunstituticn,
because thai instrument di.es not delegate to  Con-
press the power io establish a Bank.  It gives Con-
gress simplv tae power to coin money  and  regu-
late its value.    And at the torma'ion of the  Con-
st'Uition, a proposition to include a Bank  among
the powers granted to Congress wai rejected;  and
n lb/.' amendai-nis, undefined powers are express-
¡■' íesrrvtd to the States or '.he oeopi .    It violates
t'-eejual lights or the p.-ople, by giving capital a
-r-ecal —¡vítele over labor, and making a portion
o't in * cap-UI out  of fiotio'i, to exist only in the
u-.i« n ¡;:-m; irea'dzm;  a c ¡ripsny of men with
an* U' re'i-e a-ci-ii, and. authorizing- them  to  is-
^•¡e un ¡circula e t*.i or ibree  paper  dollars  for
evf.-v-'Vii'- <>i specie, to the exclu.ion of the  whole
ma=.;-of the peop.e; and it violates them by con-
r.i.cin  to   corpoiation the bbcitics f nd rights of
r-V--' ! tV for iwrmy years,—just as if the people
of th  future will not pocéis the same rights and
noaets that those  of   the present do, to relieve
!hsms°lves fro.it   any   oppressive   circumstances
that mav have be.n inflicted on them by Congress;
vid i' outrages the legitimate power of the people
iíí 'he aet¡:a of Government, by conferring that
