3J6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, Í841.
^7th Cong...-1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hastings.
H. oí Reps.
power, which belongs only to the whole, upon a
part o¿ that whole, in ths shape of a corporation
And to show that it plainly, palpably, violate, ihe
sovereignties and rights of the States, I have only
to quote a portion of the 16th fundamental article
of Ihe Hth sec ion of the bill, and place along-
side of it the 10th article of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States:
"And the said directors may establish one 01 more competent
offices of discount and deposite m any Territory 01 District of
the United folates, and in any State, with the assent of such
State, andwhen established the said office or offices shall
be only withdrawn or removed by the said directors prior
tothe expiration of this charier, with the previous assent of
Congress provided, m respect to any State wh ch shall not, at
thefirst session of the Lesislature thereof held after the pas
sage of this act by íesolution, or other usual legislative pro
ceedmg, unconditional y assent or dissent, to the establish
merit of such office or offices withinit such assent of the said
Stale shall be thei eqftei presumed and provided, ueverthe
less, that whenever it shall become necessary and proper for
carrying into execution any of the powers granted by the Con
stituuon, to establish an office or offices in any ol the States
whatevei, and the establishment thereof shall be dnected by
law, it shall be tee duty of the said dnectors to establish such
ofliceor offices accordingly "
It will be perceived that this last provision pre-
sumes that Congress, can place banks m the States,
to carry out some of the granted powers of the
Constitution.   A bold assumption, trulj I
Suppose those provisions of the bill had ended
with saying 10 the States—as may be seen in some
oil manuscupt, or someth.Bg else that I can't re
member—
You will and you won I,
You can and you cant,
Yon do and you don't
\ ou shall and you «han't,—
How far would it have answered?
The 10th article of the amendments to the
United States Constitution say "The powers not
delegated to the United S aits, by this Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the Stales respectively, or to the peop'e."
Now, will any candtd man, on contrasting this
article with the provisions of the bill, not acknow-
edge freely that this bill violates grossly the sove-
reignties and rights of the Slates.?
The sum-'otal is— his Fiscal Bank if it should
become a law, (or rather be called a law,) and go
into effect, will violate the Constitution and the
ngbts and sovereignties of Ihe States, and the
equal rights of the people, by incorporating, as
prescribed id the bill—the Stite —corporations in
the Slates and Territories—companies in thr Sutes,
and Temuries—and individuals in the Slates, in-
to a gereral amalgun ilion Fut ral Government
fncal-bank.-orporatton-body-poli tc
We talk ol spec t> paying banks All nonsense1
It i a misnomer. Tbi y < an pay specie while th< y
entitle themselves to confidence, and ni long r
The present condition i f neaily Ihe whole i f them
(being in a Mali o( suspension) pi oves tins hryond
questioi. What has taustd this? Which is in
fault—pokl and silvtr, or bank no e ? What has
induced that absence ot confidence, whuh hass>hut
up from circulation mai ly the whole of ihe ■vprcie
that is in thp country, amounting to some eighty
or a hundred mllnns of do'lars? ^ Has not thr
banking system induced it, through fu own whole
enure aition? And vet we h"¿r our momentary
privations ásenle 1 to il e absn c oí bank piper
and n Until d States Bank Bank p.ipei ha* made
its own absnnce, an 1 a United St.it.s B^nk tes
destroyed itselt, robbed thf widow and the lather-
less, and the mechanic, and the farmer, and the
laborer, and the mTcham, paralyr^d trade, th -
trac ed credit, and pama ly demoraliz d tho e who
were opfiAted on by it-, corrupt influences. And
here we are .if a n a'ked to try a «inilar agent of
paper eipi r,m< nl—'o stt up a power oí the same
character'
Making money out of fiction—fpncying it out
of piper, instead of acquiring it by indu .tr,—i-,
sure to beget idleness,, extra v<* anee, and dissipa-
tion, which is manliest in the rpsults ol our paper
system. And why n this.? Became what we ac
quire by labor of some kind—mental ->r manual,
or both—ny industry and frugality, we feel the
getting of—'he effect of the cause, and like begets
like But what we obtain without exertion—with-
out tndas'ry—-begets its prototype idleness, with its
vmated companions, (as far  s it has the means) of
luxury, extravagance, and dissipation: and all be-
gft an impatience oí, a distaste for, free Govern-
ment and equal rights, a hankering after aristo-
cratic distinción, a love of rank and despotic
power, and a loathing—a contempt—for Demo-
cratic principles and ins ilutions Hence the pro-
gress we have male in. tnese obnoxious conse-
quences, arising cut of the ¡infortuna e error of
conferring the power of m kmg money out ot pa-
per, at p essure, upon a few trail human wormc—
a power involving an influence ihat controls and
corrupts society through all its ramifications, and
retards the onward march of the Union to its high
destinies, The more paper money is invented and
schemed into circulation, it seems as if the more
gold and siver will be converted into plate. Tongs,
and shovels, and pokers, three-fourths of which are
solid silver, are coining into use; and it will be
wor e and worse as long as people are willing to
be bambcoz ed with paper dollars, instead of bilver
ones.
Do we not know that money, like charily, co-
vers, a multitude of sms? b 4, unlike charity, which
covers them with the mande of humanity, genero-
sity, mercy, and Heaven-born pity, the paper mo-
ney power e.vers them with th<  mantle of decep-
tion, spun by id'eness, and error, and aristocratic
sentiment; woven by vain, reckless ambition
and selfishness, and steeped and dyed in the poi-
son oí treason against equal rights and free go-
vernment
Will any man «ay that specie—that coin—like
any other k.nd of portable property, will not go
and come where i may be wanted? Wo have the
evidence before our eyes, staring us in the face at
this moment, in the case of New York, where the
banks pay specie, there, there is gold and 'liver
plenty and to span*. It flows there—and why?
Because confidente attracts it. Will another5
mammoth paper money manufacturing pandemo-
nium, and its brood of branches and discount offi-
ces barracked on the States, restore permanent
confidence by scattering forty or fifty millions or
more of its pestiferous paper trash among the peo-
ple, tLrough the medium of Government counte-
nance and association^ No. Will it not deceive
for the moment, and behave plausibly for a time,
perhaps, but in due season fall into the usual ope-
rations beloDgtng to its nature? There will be the
same surreptitious, piactit es upon Ihe business oí
life, upon the industrial interests, and política' eco-
nony and haimiiy 11 the Umm, that there was
befota—ctpulsions and contractions, raising and
depiessmg all kinds of properly and labo at plea-
sure—enabling the banker^, and monopolists, and
speculators, to sellout during ihe inflation, and buy
in during the depress on, the sacrifices, revuls ons,
an I convul.ions, and coriupt interferences with
dictions, m prnportic n to Ihe power of inducing
th^m—-tnd this Fiseal Bank and its progeny, that
we are going to forc<> upon the people and the
States, «nl be the dangerous machine '—he mcu
busts—which will po^pss that power But it i-
ustHess talking about it It the peopl  do not put
a stop to it, this endless in erferenee b/ their Go-
vernment with what it has no business—this ever-
lasting plann ng, and plotung, and scheming, about
making money plenty without woiiing for it—
without producing it by mdu&ty—may break us
down at la l, arid Ihe pnemies of free Government
will have a triumph, and laugh us to scorn.
And why shou d they m O Wi talk, and boast,
and vapor ab )ut our liee institutions, ami our li-
berty, and our p ibltc virtue, and call ourselves the
only free peop'e upon earth, hold ourselves up as
an example, a beacon light to all the nations of Ihe
wo'ld, while, at the sane moment, wc are the veri-
est slaves upon the face of the globe, to the most
contemptible, wretched, grovelling, debased, giee-
dy, grasping, dtgr-ukd. eheatmg tyranny in the
wor d—an unlimited, voracious mo arch, made
out of hreds, and patehes, and rags of paper, and
nicknamed money—perv^dirg with his pestilential,
deletenoHs breath every nook and corner of the
Union, demoralizing and corrupting the whole bo-
dy politic Laugh! to be-sure they may laugh Is
there a p'amer truth? Will any one be so hardy a 
to deny it?
Suppose, sir, that fhe-e never hal been a bank
of i-^s te m the Union; what would have been our
condition this day? There is no doubt about an-
sswenng the question Why, instead of being some
two hundred millions in debt to Europe—incurred
chiefly, too, through the reception of merchandise
instead of hard money—we would be nearly a
thousand millions or more richer than we are; for
we would not have incurred an adverse balance
of trade of nearly $800,000,000 since we set
up for ourselves as a free people, through the
deception of using paper money without de-
mur, as if it was real money acquired by produc-
tion, deluding ourselves all (he time with a fraud
—a gross imposition upon common sense. In-
stead of paper money making banks and shaving
shops, we might have bad banks of deposite, or
something of that charactpr, under proper autho-
rity, where specie could have been deposited for
certificates of desired denominations, that as facili-
ties would have been current all over the Union;
promises to pay based upon reality, not fiction;
based upon as much coin a , would have found its
level m the course of trade and the industrial cir-
cumstances of the country, when not artificially
displaced or shut up by the inordinate circulation
of bank notes. And we might have had efEces of
discount and exchange m every direction, in city,
town, and hamlet, that would have afforded all
such kinds of accommodation and facility to the
entire extent of the demands that trade and busi-
ne-s would have required, as well as through the
cheapness that competition would have induced.
And we rejected all this fruition of independent,
prosperous circumstances, by falling into the de-
ceptive, illusory embrace of the paper money dis-
credit system,—entertained the shadow, and lost
the sub&tance! Well, we mu<t only mend the
matter, and get into the right way as well and as
fast as we can—that's all. As was said on this
loor some thirteen months ago, we should "make
the reformation wisely, cautiously, and gradually,
but as certain as fate itself." It is not to persons,
Mr. Speaker, that I allude in applying the correc-
tive. By no mnans; for there are worthy men en-
gaged in banking, no doubt. It is to the wretched
system itself, as it affects our whole economy to an
unpaialleled dtgiee of oppressive action and dis-
tracting circumstances.
If we will let banking alone, it will soon be
regulated by the people ttiems"lves, through its
own corrupt action, u will resolve itself into its
elements, so plainly, that the people will see them
in iheir naked deformity. Th'S it is now doing
eviry nay. Let ihe Gsneral Government not slep
in to arrest Ihe decomposition—the exposure of the
fallacy to th  glare of open day, to the penetrati, n
of the rays of truth, by imposing on the people
another and stronger dose ot ihe deception itself,
in violation of the Constitution and the people's
equal rights and the soveieignties of the States.
If it does it will have mucn to answer for m le-
taidmg trie march towards a real sound currency,
not a make-believe one Here we have the greater
part of from eighty to one hundred millions of dol-
lars shut up in banks and ihe chests and drawers
of the people, through the malversations of bank-
ing, that would corns gradually into circulation,
and increase as the corrupt banks disappear and
the honest ones retain confidence. And the Fede-
ral Government, instead of permitting us to arrive
at this salutary sound state of things, proposes to
mend the matter by flooding the Union with
another inundation of the paper trash itself, in de-
fiance of the Constitution and the equal rights of
the people, and ot all the calamit es, warnings, and
experience we have had upon the subject. But
will the mantle of Government authority give this
paper money confidence? It is questionable—"a
burnt child dreads the fire " The people know
what they have suffered by the late United States
Bank There are many of them whom you cf n
«o longer persuade that one dollar is two or three
through the magic of a charter, that charm has?
dissipated its own illusion, the mist of deception it
, envi loped itself in, has heen pierced by the light of
truth and experience; and it has passed away, and
cannot be conjured up again, even through the
medium of a Government scheme.
Do you expect to restore confidence through the
name of a Fiscal Bank?   Will thinking men trust
