síá
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841,
27th C«ng""1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hastings.
H. of Reps.
specie? In a word, what reason have we to sup-
pose that we will not be exposed to all these, and
every other oppressive blighting circumstance be-
longing to the reign of pap& r money, sustained by
Gjvefanuent association, and power, and patron-
age, combined wuh incorporate interests and de-
signs? None whatever. It is an utter, reckless
disregard of all past experience and suffering.
But will this infliction, this violation of the Con-
stitntion, thi? outrage of the equal ngh s of the
people and of the States and their soveignties, be
tolerated? Have we no resource, no dernier re-
fuge, against this dangerous evil? It seems to me
we have; and what is it? .Nullification! Let me
not be mistaken, though; I do not mean distract-
ing revolutionary Nullification—not at all, I mean
that of a far more potent, decisive character—the
peaceful, calm, but decided patnotic nullification
of rejecting the paper; not touching the medium
through which the aspirations for free Government
may be suppressed, annihilated. This is speaking
in a sanguine, somewhat imperative strain, it is
true—without the power of enforcing the senti-
ment, it may be said; but they who love their
country, and believe it in danger through the ope-
rations of such a powerful machine— hey who in
heiit the spirit of '76, can evmi e their oonvic ions,
and carry their patriotum into successful effect, by
rejecting the papei.
A gentleman in the oiher btancb, some days
ago, proved by facts and ftgureo that this Fiscal
Bank scheme ind its collaterals would involve ns
in a debt of some one hundred and forty millions
of dollars. Will not the farmer at his plough, and
the mechanic in his workshop, ponder upon this
fact, when thoy reflect that this immense aebt r-n 1
its interest must be deuved ¡rom their labois—
that it will be an eating tax upon th- r mdusti}—
a mortgage involving a constont mcrea^e upon
their property, an 1 their bones,* and ncms,
and muscles, and smew?, anl the sweat of their
brows?—that it will bean abstr, eting diamlrim
the comforts and resources of ihen vivfs and chil-
dren?—and, woist ot all, that it will be a tax—an
msubus—a demon ol evil—restm? upon thtir inde-
pendence oí mind as well as hodi? And whom is
tbis debt—this tax—to aggrandize? Tno.e through
whose labors it has to be pai i? N(,sir;mst>
enrich and five power to ihc milltonairts, and
slocltjobbei , and monopolist', and 'peculators,
and shavers and idlers, an 1 exclusive*, aulp per
money capitalists ot reoublican Ameucí and ¿lis-
tocrattc Britain,—the ¡sciub would-b  nobil ty <f
the former, and the more thoiough-bhoded of Hie
latter These are the sentiv that this tax, lot lurid,
schemed outof th< labor of the tiee Amei'oan 1 ir-
merand mechanic, io teggrand ze,— metallic the
public good—die i"<n<~i?l wtlfm' Wh?t an in-
sulting soltcism'    What a mírale s drcepliot'
Lisien to Thoaias JVffeison's warning rdmoni
Hon in relation to public debt and taxation L<-t
us apply it this moment.
"To piet-erve otn imlepi notice we must not let omiidcrs
load us Willi petpetial dt bt We mint m tko o u ~clectio i
between economy indhbeity oi ptoftmon muí ^tniiutlL Ii
we run Hito t-u< h dcbls as that we must be taxed 11 oui meat
and m o u (lit ik, in t ir nerr -u¡c -11 1 rom tits, Jnourlibois
and our amusement < tor out ciUmp--* mil our ttceds is ihe
people of England in*—out ptople tut (hem, must come to
laboi smeen houi-i in th twenty f ui yvethe c unli ~'s ol III
teen of tli^e to h'1 Giveinnituí for (b i let (h to! duly ex
pendes and the sixteenth beintr inffieiuit t) bin l u bieul we
must live as they now do, >n oatm tl tndpttit e , ln\eno
tirnetothmk no mean i >1 c tiling the un n i uu ¡otcttuttt,
but be glad to ob am snl°t<> ente by I inn" ourselves to live!
their ebams on the nee s ui om ieibw sutt ier~ Our Ian t
holcteis loo Ml e ttiens let i ¡ e nuked tlelifi aidstvud
sup ol & test )'! d tlleu 11 j li 1 11 irt Iv ni titi tí i tin1 tica
sury—must \ anHr htvt then** m fuaDn countur anl be
Co tented with penuiy obscunty, md < x , iml t le ^lory ol
tne nation lUi^e^tn 6 icals us tin. thitaiylts in that
pnva e foitune are tlcstr >>e \ by public i=¡ wt 11 a1- by invite
extravagance An 11 i is the tend~no> if all human G" em
raents A dt par uie fi ">m pnrciple in one instance becomes
a precedent for a secot d tbattecondf rati ltd an 1 so on, ti'i
the butkof the «ociety is leluci t be mcic ititoma ions ol
misery, to have no seisibilurs Icir but "tniing and sufl nnsr
Then bemns indeed, tb heluii otnctivm n, omnia, which
some philosophers ob ening it to b*1 so general in this xvoild,
have mistake l for the natural i i<=tead of the abu ve state of
man And the foie horse of this fnghtúji team is public d°bt
Taxation follows that, and la it* tram wrachedne sand op
pression "
Why even the oatmeal and potatoes that Mr.
Jefferson thinks a privation to subsist on, the poor
ppjn heatted Irish have been unable to pbiaia any
th ng like a sufficiency of, for many jears p*si the
continual accounts from there prove them lo be
struggling on out of one scene of suffering, misery,
and starvation, into another, burdened down as
they are with debt, taxes, and monstrous oppres-
sion, through the ac ion of a splendid Government
and its despotic policy. It is full time for the
American people to see things m their trus light
—to entertain no proposition that will not bear the
test of truth, and this Fiscal Bank is one of them.
For, disguise it is as we may, it is legalizing a fal-
lacy of dangeious powers and fatal tendencies,and
the other prominent measures for which this «ession
was called are of the same charactei—the di tnbu
lion plan parliculatly
If we go on in this way, we mayas well irmce
tpe matter no longer, bu' expunge at once the
word "Constitution" from "the Constitution of the
United Stat-s of America," and mak, it read in.
conformity with the actual practice heretofore—
'The latitudinallan oxped <>n y of the U'Hted
State of Amend " Wny retain the fo-m, when
we hfve diisipa'ed the reality ifarough the bound-
less expance ot undefined latitude—when v-e pirs
trate the sovereignties ot the States under the pre-
tence of promoting the general welfare? But as-
•he old saying is, "all's not lost that's in danger,"
we may yet be s"\ved fiom ourselves in the 1 ist re-
tort, &s An irew Jackson, upon a like critical occa-
sion, saved his country from an infi ction of the
same character, and time and circumstance have
established the wisdom and justice of ttat memo-
rable act of sound judgment and mlomi'able
honest purpose. And if 'o, it is to be hoped
ihat the curiam will fall upon tae pie-
sent scene, as the last one of the drama, or tragi-
comedy, that has been enicting for many years by
tue amateur piper money company of actors, at
the espec al co t of Ihose who are essentially ihe
pet pie
At all events, I trust that the equal rights of the
people will be the affiliating ipnal— he well un-
deistoi d gicn onseivative pr nctple that vul be
chen hed in ihe breast, ihnll in the nerve', and vi-
brate m the eais of every man who loves h s coun-
try, and pure, free government, east, west, north,
and south, all over this broad Union, new and
eveimoro, to guaid them against t'ie m^dious en
croachmuils of anti-Demorracj, •'n 1 ihat ¡luy will
measure eieiy ?ct nf iheir repie*t,iitaii/-s Uy ihat
infallible test pune p'e, aid sustain or prosirate
them nctordinsrh, and thus preserve then 1 berties
unimpMipd to all pestenty, while "grass grows
an 1 water runs."
A word roce before I sit down. Tns advocates
of this BanU, Mr Speaker, object to it? repeal, in
ene it should become a Uv — nierposmg vested
rgh's, contrae', an-'whit not f)o< ^ jot contract
imp1) tiepoiverio do lie at? And ih' it'icrent
or legitimate poWt.r of Ihe p opV in iIip cap.-ciiy of
fovernit)"; themselves is o'.e and mdivisibb, and
cirinot be conlrscted to a part, belong rg os enti?I-
ly oi ly to the a hoi . And is not tu s i owt r ever
the same—p?st, present, and to co¡m' Th-  peo
pi 's lesttimat'' pot7er Will not, of cours1, be de-
niot, a) d i' cannot be con'r^e'ed a*?y to a Bank.
Th ' might bf p ucidated much more, bm it is not
necessary
As to ves rd ng.-ts involving pt Id cal power.
Doss sue i a ris'ht reodire to be ves rd? Does not
the circumstance of idmit.ng fen ceasity of ve't-
"l.e' ititon \ ant of ugh ? This nssu.nphon of
vt" ted rigVs, as politically b'erf'cd with evil oi
ooi-l rg l*, is rotniig el e bm v ns a prn -
le e in deio- ."! m of iipht, and sbottl 1 bi called
tes ed wronrs Í krow u ti.it'g of aw, ."id am
only lot kma; at the common se, se of the llnng
Bu' th i much 1 v ill say, that wc canuot r  h ful-
ly p? s anj law that will make qu1 jig-fits
m ottr pol.ucdl economy unequal, an mfalh-
b'e test by vhieh to tiy vested rights,
.■ii 5 Ü e whole family of unconstitutional, u leqaa'
rghts, assumptions covered by the broad, availa-
b e expediency mant'e called the credit system, that
r"ay involve repeal. Extend this latitudinanan
liberty of tampering with the Constitution, and
what may we not come to? The Constitution
says ihat Congress may pass laws "necessary and
propei" to carry into execution the granted pow-
ers; and, of course, such laws must be themselves
constitutional—that is plain. Very well- under
this p'ea of "necessary and proper," this Fiscal
Bank is to go into operation, but i. it "necssary
and propei" to vio'ate the Cinslitutton to arrive at
if There's the rub' Dees the Consutufon per-
mit piper money to be made and issued? Tais
Bank will make and issne it. Does the Constitu-
tion permit paper money to be a legal teadei? Tbis
Bank, by making it a legal tender to the Govern-
ment, makes it virtually the same to the people, un-
lsss the people at d their Government are rot iden-
tical—a truih that none will be si hardy to deny
as jet, «Jthtugh we may come to it by-and by, if
we go on as we have don". Is it constitutional to
organic a corporation to be superior to the Con-
stitution itself, and contract to it the legitimate
power of the people for twenty years to come?
This Bink will be that corporation. la it constitu-
tional to make the sovcretgi S'ates parties to th's
sin of unconstitutionaliztng the Constitution, by
making them stockholders m this corporation?
This a"t innes States, corporations, companies,
and individuals, to combine together m this hetero-
geneous mass Bank. I might go on to depict
other uncons'itutional nia'ter belonging to this Fis-
Cf! Bank, if I had not dwelt on it m my remarks as
I went along already. But the perversions of
this "necssary and prope." clausss, thiougb. as-
sump'ions advers= to i s honest intentions, might
nullify the constitutional Gr vernment, *nd pros-
trate the liber íes of the people as the closing
scene; for, in extending the dan erous sophistry,
we need not stop at this Bank, but have an inordi-
nate tanding army, an established church, a na-
tional debt, and what not—no matter how grossly
unconstitutional—to carry out ihe grunted powers.
It is Hue, such outrages would be enormities in the
extreme, and looked on at this moment with horror
by the people, and acted on wuh effective indigna-
tion; but when once the Rubicon of truth, and jus-
tice, and light is passed, glozed over wuh impuni-
ty, vreckfd by political soibistry and cte ion, what
may .te 'lot do? what may we not become? All
past expenence, the f'te of all republics hereto-
foie speak it as plainly, as luminously, as the light
of Heaven.
N i, let the people crab, stop their Government,
tiur representatives, on ihe mslanl, point their
fingei oi ill direc'irg power to the Constitution and
thtir equal itghls, saying, "Th=re are ycur guides,
so far sha.l you go, and no farther, if you de,down
jen go, met we may replace you by those who
wil' obey our sovereign behests i  sp.r t and in
t'u'h, without fail "
Was not Government instituted anj i(s action
defiled by the Constitution? And shall it be per-
mitted to destroy the source of its b mg? But the
inherent tendency of power is to extend and perpe-
tu te itself; the'efoie it should be kept strictly
w th"1 its defined limits Whenever it exceeds
them a bar's breadth, trust it not an instant longer;
witnd aw a'l conldenee, aid reduce it to perfect
submissive obedience without hesitation.
"L^t the Americ ns," said Mr Pitt, "embark in
their funding and banking system, and their boast-
ed nilep^ndence wi 1 be a mere phantom."
Was n-t this ominous'! Do we not see it, hear
it, and f el it at this inomen ? 1 entrea  the peo-
ple's tepie ent"ire to pauxe Wc ought no' to
piss upon sut.li measures Why, it i< an outrage
rt every s ep, it is r> general attack un-n the ron-
sti i titP, t eq'al ngh's rf he p od'o, and the
rig! ts at.d so '"remitios oí ihe S at s !t i> a pal-
pable, giess, flagnnt i iVMon of the tvliole ortbese
powe's, it is a reckless prosTott-n of principles
that ought io be 1 e'd as acred js the pure immuta-
b' > tiu'h itself, i/ we ave to rem?m a free people
W canrot do these thirgs, s^, \ e cannot, we
rips' not, peipettate this aumh 'atifn oi ail that is
hrlj nour rol 'ira! beirg, el jil that^us'a ns us as
a fiee people. Tney ?r- ->cts of ruthless, reckless
sa niege upon the altar rf fieeaom—a d plorable
wreck tf the last hope cf the oppressed of all na-
tions, who are gazing on our action of free govern-
ment as a beacon of h«ht—as a s*ar from Heaven,
that is pointing them the road to liberty, to glorious
ir dependence.
