Juíy, 1841
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
Duties and Drawbacks—Mr. Campbell.
H. of Reos.
"Topspield, September 9,1 S31
"I hereby certify that 1 am acquainted with the signers of the
within document, dated September 8, 1841.   They are respect-
able men of the Whig party, and their character is good for
truth and veracity.
JOHN G. HOOD, Justice of the Peace."
An important inquiry in this tiansactioo is, did Mr. Graneer
know that Kimball wis an Abolitionist? He must have known
him tobe so, from the prominent position of said Ktmbal! as
an Abolitionist, beim: president of the Antislavery Society of
Topsfield, and published weekly in the papers, as the agent of
Wiihamioyd Garrison; but we are left to conjecture on this
p 'int.
In proof that Mr. Granger did know Kimball to be an
Abolitionist, I offer the following extract from the letter of Mr.
Richard Philhps,iun. nfTopsfield to me, as follows:
"A certifícate from VVm. Loyd Gmrison. corntersnrned by
the Abolition Secretary, was sent o/i tu the Depai tment lo
show that KiVibatl was an Abolitírmist v
A3 to the credibility of Mr. Phillip*, I offer the following let-
tea of the Hon. Caleíí CüSHiNG,a member of Congress from
the Topsfield district.
u1Iouse of Representatives,
"■-eptember 10, Í8-Í1.
t[Sm. I am acquainted with Richaid Phillips, jr. o! Topi-held,
He is of highly respectable chai acier and standing, and much
esteemed in  the community where he resides
"1 am yours, respectfully,
'Hon W. W   Pai-ne ''                                   "C CUSUING.
SPEECH OF MR. CAMPBELL,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
In the   Heme of Iiepresentalhes, July 26, 184i—
The '•Bill relating  lo Duties ar.ri Drawbacks"
being under consideration in Committee of the
"Whole—
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, rose ?D(]
said, thai the chairman of :hc Commit'ee of Ways
and means had based his estímale of theproba'nV an-
nual expenses of the Government for ihe four cur-
rent years upo  the averfge expenditnies of the
four las-t, and had put th-rn at between
twenty^even and twenty eight millions of
dollars a y^ar. He had eMimaied ths neit
proceeds to acciue frt-m customs under exist-
ing laws, subject lo the redaction s'lll (o o-trur
under the coninromiíe ac!, V. ks than te:¡ vi I o:\<
of dollars, and suppo-ed ih "t ¡lure wou'd be an
annual denc.er.cy m ttie icvenue oí about e'gh ten
millions of doiiaiv.
Mr. C. was noi prepared to rear the honorable
chairman, after havirg d.-novmced the extrava-
gance oí the late Administration, so soon to pro-
ceed to ad- pt the average expenses of the Govern-
ment for fie four !a<-t, as a «iterion for the four
cutreru years—paiticultrly when it was v. ell
known that, under ihe late Admini.tration, large
amounts of roon-y had not only been exported in
electing pubic bull.•in?, pad ii ext.nsui.-hi'-g .he
Indian '¡tie w.thm the -Vates , nd onaniz d Terri-
tories, but that million- had bren «wallowed in the
vortex of the PI >iida war, which, fro," all appear-
ances, must s tm ci ase to be a source of public ex-
pense, except tor tno pa\nvnt of such private
claims as rn.ty arise out of its d. vasip.tion-. I.el
it, a'so, be reniaiked 'hat. 'ne'u'Jjng 'be prosecu-
tion of that war, the expou.-ei of ihe Government
for the lar-t je¿r liad bten re.it.ced lo between
Uíenty-tc.'O ami t'-"'e,vy-;hiee million*.
Taking, ho we vr, the probab'e dtains u.iea the
Tiea^ury, vb th would cccu" lio.ii 'he pay • ei.t
of p,iv¿í- cl- imp—ro:,! aypn prisons f. r the ; u ,•-
port and increas" 'f the cat y—the nwEvmnce
of a home squ-idrcn—-the support of the a'my—
for foitiScaUoiiS, ar.d other expanse?, fend wo pro-
bablyca'.rot rafr-ly fft mve ihe expt-nPfs if ihe
Government, even ruder en fcmori-al Adtm-
ni-tra'uon of its finances, for 'he four curr.-nt
years al much le-s tha-i an ''.verags , f §30 000,000
—which, if the land distribution bill pis-es ihe
Senate, and upon the >uppo;iiion that the ohsir-
man is correct m estimating ihe neit anneal re
ceipts from ens' -rns tm ler exi*titg laws, at less
than $10,000,000, will leav.? an annual defici-
ency in the Treasury of about ten m'l'ions, i: de-
pendent of any provision to meet ouistanding
Treasury no e-,
Accoidmg to i he statement of imports la;d upon
our taires Inn morning from the Trea?urv Depart-
ment, the additional dut.es oropo¡,ed by ihe pie.ent
bill, should it pa--< into a law wr.hom mutdation,
vr'vl probably produce an annual increa-e of re-
venue of between «igbt and ten millton?, of dol-
lars—an amount not greater, if the proceeds of the
lie lands are abstracted from the Treasury, ihan
will probably be found necessary to provide for ail |
contingencies.
Here Mr. Cread from Ihe report of the Sefie-
tary of the Treasury, document No. 2 of the pie-
sent sersion, page 5, the following extrae':
Prom the year 1816 to 1837, a period of twenty-one years,
the revenues constantly exceeded the expenditures The ave
r<tge annual surplusdurmg that timewasSlt.46-l.vOf> 87 (=<>?
tables 1 and 2.) matong dn aggregate excess of ©240,749 76127
Within that time, there was applied "Mheex'inctioo of the
national th,b! $208 792,127 44. and tl ere wa«, undent^ nrovi-
stonsof the aa of the 231 of Jum, 1316, deposite''wi'h the
¡Slates. $28,101,644 91.andtheiei mailed on the H or.Iann
ary, lS^, in the Treasury of the Unit ,d States, inclndins the
f'Mirth instalment due to "the Stales, a surplus
of.......817,109.473 26
Tiiere were, also, outttanduiE: debti due and
falling due to the Treasury, arising fiomjother
sources than th.se of the oidin-try re-
venue, and which were paid between the I=tof
January 1S37, anil 1th Match, 1841, the
amount of (see statement D)    -           -           -     9,124 747 00
There are also issued, within that period, and
outstanding on the 4th of March, 1S41, Trea-
sury notes to the amount of     -           -           -     r> 618,510. 40
Making the aggregate available means which
were in the Treasury on the 1st of .lanuaiy,
1S37, and which came into it prior to the 4th of
March, 1S41, over and above the current re-
venues   ..-.--   31,8£2,7.j2 bb
From which deduct the amount (less ihe trust
funds) remaining in the Treasury on the 4th
of March, 18,1.....372,718 46
And there appears an excess of expenditure over
the current revenue of -           -           -           • $31 310 Q14 20
publii
Thm if appears, (cont'nued Mr. C ) from dec!-
ro«ntary evidence of the highest auihori'v, that,,
independent of making provision lo meet the cur-
rent expenses 'f ihe Government, wernv/e to s?v
the least, an existing debt of more lhan $5 000,000;
and whether the amount lo be derived fio'i
customs shall rise above or fall under the esti-
mate of ihe honorable chairman by a few m¡Iiioi%
it H evident ihi\{, to ''Void the accumub-lien 'f a
n-oioml debt in lime of p^acc, some pri'M-!oi
raut' he adopted beyond the existing lar'ff, for
bringing m'ney into the Treasury. True, we bad
authorized the issuing of $5,000.000 in Tre.vury
noi^s previous to the adj-uitnrrent o<" th  last Con-
gress, to meet exislirs; liibilitie= and current ex-
penditures after Hip 4¡h ef Maich, and had, s;-ce
the commencement cf the pretent session,
authorized a loan of $12,000 000 moie. Bn>,
although the present wants of the Government
were thus provided for, be deemed it wise, as soon as
was convenient, to extinguish all existing liabili'ie=,
and leave the resonrees^of the country unpledged.
N.i one now ihinks 'if calling upon the- S'at s for
ihe twentv-eisht millions deposi'ed wi'h them tnder
the act of 1836.
In malting this admission, however, he did not
pledge himself to  vote for  ihe pre-ent  bill.    For
when he saw the Means at   the disposal of the Co
veinmeut, and •.vh'cb had been plaeed as a tru<?* in
its Irtnrls to pay ihe debisan.l p'ovide for ibp co.i
mon defence and  general  welfare, wrrngfnMy ("i-
voi'i-d from its true  bjeot«, as was pioposed lo !e
done by ihe bill wh'ch  had passed   ihis Hmse lo
di.^lrib ','? Ihe proceed^ of the publ c i ■ nd-. h.1 e;n.
: i 'ered il-at he was cabed upon to pa'ixe bc'ore h 
ron«enled to  i nposfi additional  bur"i.u<¡ opin  h:>-
constituí nf, to mpp'y a defi ;ieccy in pari eiea o-d
hv ihi-i rc.    Wa^ it for tin?   purpo e i.f imp..m s
addi'io'<al burdens on our foreign coíipcre* t! at
\ ou have agreed to part from ih.s greai fountain of
public wcakh; ¡hat you have  a^itctl to dhtiibu'e
the  proceeds, not of ihose  lands only which   were
ceded by the  d fferrnt  S'a'es, but   the  iriilK n« of
acres that we bold  by the Louisiana  and Florida
purchases—which   were paid for  on! of 'h-roni
mon Tresstir', and -vhich   there is no prttei ce f r
lejaiding in any other  light than as   the common
property of  the nation?    The  pohcy would hive
b¡en more enlightened lo  have <<iven  tl e-e land.-,
lo 'be seitlers  upon them;   to hava made ihe con-
quest of the underness their  pr.ee, and  thu-l<ave
encouraged thoir stttlemenl by a hardy popvj'ation.
Restore to us  these land-; 1  t  the proceeds  ari-in 
from their sales be paid into the Treasury and ap-
plied lo  the wants of the Govemnr n!, anil I wil.
most cheerfully vole for any increase of du tits, within
ihe prov sions of the compromise, that may be ne-
cessary to meet not only existing, bat to provide
for such anticipated deficiency as may be expected
"i arise under an economical administration ot the
filares.
The honorable chairman had said that, in pro-
pping to d^tribuie the proceeds of ihe pnbl c landí
amona Hie Slate-, we proposed not to divert ihem
fro'ii, but to restore them lo, their ri(-hiiu!own*r«.
Tnere is a parly in this coumry, air, of whic^i
that gentleman is a member, who give grej.t iorce •
*o pieceth-nt. Tnere is aparty in this c. nntry -vhj
insist that the consiiiutionahty of a, TJnn.-d Sta'es
Bank is a settled qae?tion, «wtwiths'smtittig ihit, in
the conven-ion that framed iln Co; s'itiui, n. a pro-
pt.,Pion lo alio? Congress the power of gr^ntingr
c,l«rte-.s of incoiporatim was rejected; nofú-t'-
&t ndiiip that, be.ween the expiration of thr chir
ter of 1791 and the establishment of die B'ink of
1816, propositi.>ns to esiabbsh tuoh mi iristitu'jen
wererepeitedly rrjec'ed, principally op th;:t-g,ounf';
noturithuandlng that the vtto of G nrral Jic ron,
in 1832, of the bill to «chirter the S.v.k of 1816,
has been sanctioned ly the people in -successive
elecnonv; and notwiths'sndmj ¡hit the rorniitu-
tionad v of such an in>ii'ution ha^ teen disputed
by some of the brst f xpounders of the Cons noiiot,
fiom the commencement of the Govcrnnr.eni d.v;n
to the present lime. Now, turnover ihe r.icore.
We find that the proceeds of the sales of ihe pub-
lic lands have been paid inN ihe Federal Tiea-.tuy
from ihe commencement of the Government d iwn
to the pre-ient day, a;most without qi.s<i n atd
without d sputf; and yet Ihe very grndtmen who,
in the cas"e of the Uuiicd Stit"S Bank, are disposer!
to give to precedent grea'er authori y than ihe Con-
stitution, deny our right so to ppproprk-te ihe prj-
ceeds of the public land1.! "Cun-ioUr.cy, ¡hou. art
indeed a jewel!"
fir. C. did not intend  to  discu-s the qurs'.iuu
arising fr-imthe comparative advantases o. dnect
i .xa'io"!,   as compared  wrh du'ies u.iort on; er'.s-
tioiis, a^ a ineyns of t buimn^ revenue, which hid
bren   alluded  to   this monnns;   by   his colleague
fMr. Rhett;] nor did he design to dwell at ¡cngtH
upon 'he question of the  unequal  fiscal operation
of the Government, ari-ring from inequalities in the
c.oileC'ion and ditbursemect of the public revenues.
Although the process of collecting money in one
section of the country and disbursing it principally ,
in another,  manifestly tends at first sight to iaipc-
verish one section of the country and to enrich an-
other—yet ih=.se disbursements, if made exclusive-
ly for the promotion of national objects, ate per-
fectly consistent whh the good of ihe whole.   They
are, at all ei'ents, incident to our Government; and
although, in the eriimatioo oi s^me, they may have
! afforded a good reason for opposirg the ad'p'.on
of ¡he Consti'uiion, they afford no reason why t5;e
com pact should  not be adhertd to.    Although in-
equality in the collection and disbursement c-f i-he
pnblic  monejs, affotds a very good reason in a
lepre en'sttive from a minority section of the coun-
ty iVr i ppo--m2 unneces.anly high iaxati"ti—and
in 'Ms vi. w on y was usfd a few days since by his
fii'fid and colleague, [Mr. Pickens] for wrrch he
•vas h"!l to su'h severe account by the gentleman
.' oa P.r.nsylvauia [Mr. Sírgeant]—it affords ro
i   ?o'd leas.-n vthv a sufficient amount of mTry
ii  i-hou'd  not be riised   lo pay  the expen-es of ihu
Governuient.    No one can suppo.e that a Gove.'ii-
ment like this can, with a due regard to the p dd c
int"rc-!t, disbur>e is revenue  in the exact prop r-
tion that it is coilee'cd.    Our fortifications must be
cpo;i the ftoniicr; our navy yards upon the A'lan-
t,c s' ore; our mierior States require no defences!
Bgim.t :-. foreign enemy but such  asare derived
irotn the. courage and patriotism of our citizens,
an.J. bat few expeniiture* c«n legitimately be made
amonsi  hem.    Ail ihnt we demand is, that iho tax-
i-eg power be not abused; that the revenues of the
Government, wheiher d.rived from public lands.
i  trom direct taxation, or from customs, be placid
i1  n a common Treasury, and appropriated for the
eomtnen benefit.    We deny your right to make
benoficiaries of the Stales by distributing among
ihfm  a  portion   of  the   pubii". revenue.      We
l'-iok   with alarm to  the   consolidating tendency
of such a measure,  but with hope to the -viriue
and   intelligence of ihe peo pis  to resist its cor-
rupting  influence.    You   have   no  right   even
to accu.se  the  States  of extravagance;  for if
U
