S26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Cong.......1st Sbss.
Public Lands—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
West in combining together fertility ot soil with the
vast extent of country. It will average three thou-
sand miles' in diameter in every direction, and is
by nature closely connected together. It is bound-
ed on the east and west by large mountains, and
on the north and south by the lakes and the
main ocean. It is all watered by the Mississippi,
and streams flowing into that river; its fertility of
soil cannot be equalled. This region of country
contains a great variety of climate, so that the
productions of the soil are almost of all descrip-
tions and character. In it are also found in great
abundance all useful and necessary mineral pro-
ductions. These advantages, together with the
timber and prairies interspersed in the "Pat Wesi,"
•make this country the most desirable for man tf
any other.
There is at this time an industrious and hardy
population of more than five millions of souls in
the West. We have in Illinois 426,634 souls.
They are scattered over a large extent ot country,
and have a vastfrontier exposed to an enemy in
time of war. The lake frontier, as well as on the
ocean to the south, would be liable to an attack
from the enemy, and the Indian warriors on the
w«st amount to at least sixty thousand.
One other consideration will also show the pro-
priety of establishing an armory on the Western
waters, and that is, the expense of transportation
from the Eastern armories to the West, will save a
considerable item in the value of arms. This ex-
pense will be saved by having the arms made near
the place they may be used.
The next consideration, Mr. Speaker, is the lo-
cation of the armory. The proposed amendment
of Mr. Summers gives the power to the President
to cause surveys and examinations to be made
throughout the whole Western coumry; and from
that region to select the most suitable point.
There are many sites suggested by members,
and many, no doubt, are good. But I can say
from experience, that it is almost impossible to
make the selection in Congress. I tried in every
possible manner of legis'ation to make the selec-
tion of the site of a commercial hospital at the
mouth of the Ohio, and could not succeed. Every
other point near it was proposed, and the result
was, no place could be selected in the bill.
This same result would take place, I have no
doubt, if Congress made the attempt to locate the
armory.
In every Western State, I doubt not, a good
site could be selecied; but it must be acknow-
ledged that the nearer the Mississippi a suitable
place can be selected, the belter it will be for the
public. The Ohio river is not navigable more
than one half ihe year, and ihe small stream*
flowing into it, stilt less time. The Mississippi is
always navigable, except a short time in the north
itis obstructed by ice. Arms made on this rivrr
can be transported south or norih too a great dis-
tance, in a very few days. The celebrated
steamboat Missouri, made a voyage from New
Orleans, stemming the Mississippi current, in four
days and some hours to St. Louis, in Missouri.
Thisshows at once the facility with which arms can
be transported on this river to the frontiers.
Gentlemen talk about iron ore in Kentucky,
Pennsylvania &c. I can uniform (hem on that
subject, that the iron mountains in Missouri pre-
sent more iron ore to the eye, than is seen in all
the Western States together. No one can get
clear of iron one in the West. Great quantities
exist in the State of Illinois, and an overbalancing
quantity of stone coal. I venture nothing in saying
that in none of the Western States ejsist
such great quantities of coal as are found in Illi-
nois. The water power to propel machinery is
also great in Illinois. All over the Slate it exists
to a common extent; "but in the north, no country
can surpass it. The Illinois river, near Ouowa,
falls over rocks many feet, forming what is called
"The Grand Rapids." The water power at this
one place wonld propel all ihe machinery in ihe
United States used in the manufacture of arms.
The canal at Lockport, and other places, will,when
completed, furnish water power almost to anv
extent.
In this region of the State there are inexhausti-
ble quanlities of stone coal, so that all the ne-
cessary materials for the manufacture of arms, can
be had in the most ample manner.
I may also add, in the south of Illinois, where I
have the honor to represent & district, there are
great quantities of coal and iron ore, together with
good water privileges in many places. At New
Haven and other places, on the Little Wabash
river, water power may be had for all useful and
necessary purposes.
In the same district in Hardin county, near the
Ohio river, and not far from the mouth, an iron
foundry is in complete operation, and prepara-
tions are making at the same place to manufac-
ture great quanties of bar iron. In this same sec-
tion of country provisions are cheap; stone coal
and timber can be had also at a cheap rate and in
great abundance.
The Southern district in Illinois is adjacent to
the greatest rivers un the continent, and is more in
the centre of the whole valley of the Mississippi
than any other ¡section of the West. It is a good
climate and healthy. These facts and considera-
tions being made known to the President, there can
exist litije or no doubt, that the Western armory
will be located m ihe Southern section of the State
of Illinois. It is so reasonable and so just that the
location there must be considered almost cer-
tain.
Arms made in this section of the Western coun-
try, could be, with more facility an I with less ex-
pense, transported to all parts of ihe Western wa-
ters, than from any other point. All the great
rivers of the valley concentrate towards this sec-
tion oí the country. Tennessee, Cumberland, and
Wabash rivers flow into the Ohio near it, and the
Missouri and Illinois rivers not far off. During
tha whole year the Mississippi will furnish the
means of transportaron of arms to New Orleans,
and a great diM-ance up the river. The same may
be said of the Missouri and Illinois rivers. No
impartial observer will say otherwise than the
Western armory ought to be located as near the
mouth of the Ohio as practicable.
Note.—Tho above amendment ofterodby Mr. Summers has
becomeataw.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Henate, Thursday, August 20,1841—On the Land
Revenue Distribution bill, in  reply lo Messrs.
Rives and Archer.
Mr. BENTON rose after Mr. Rives, and in-
quired of Mr. 11. and Mr. Archer whether he had
understood them Hiii'ht in understanding them to
say that they voted for this bill, among other rea-
sons, because il put an «nd to the seheme for
graduating the price of the public lands—put an
end to the scheme of ceding the lands to the new
States—put an end 10 trw. land question—and
saved the lands from being seized upon hereafter
by the new States to the exclusion of the old ones,?
[The two gentlemen from Virginia nodded assent.]
Then, exclaimed Mr. B. I have you! You com-
mit a fraud in giving that vote, and it is my duty
to detect and expose it! Your vote is a fraud.
(Loud calls to order interrupted Mr. B, and the
President of the Senate declared it to be a breach
of order to impute fraud to Senators.) I know it
is, s,¡id Mr. B and that the breach of oider is the
greater on (his occasion because I impute no inten-
tional fraud to the gentlemen. Their votes ope-
rate a iiatid, and it is my duty to show it; but I
know them io be incapable of intentionally com-
mitting fraud, ft is the effect oí their votes
coupled with the reasons which they have given;
and, while í proceed to show this, I disclaim all
intention cf impugning their motives, and make
this disclaimer, not as matter of form under a
parliamentary rule, but, in substanpe and in fact,
as an act of justice and of duty, and under a sense
ot what is due to men of honor. But their vote
operates p. fraud—a serious one upon the new
Stales—aftVcling (heir rights and interests—and
which it ¡s my duty to detect and expose. Under-
stood as they understand the bill, and to be acted
upon according to that understanding, and it is a
iiatjeontradieiion of what the bill professes—a nul-
lification of the clauses inserted for the benefit of
the new States—and a mockery of the conditions
upon which the passage of the bill is obtained 
This is harsh language, but not more harsh than
true, and inore easily proved than uttered.
Remember the history of this bill—the manner
in which it was brought forward in 1832, and the
alarm which it spread through all the new Slates.
They saw in its passage a total change of their
own relations to the Federal Government—a
change from a parent to masters—from the Fe-
deral Government to the State Governments;
which, becoming the owners of the new States,
would look solely to th ir own interest, and to ihe
collection of the greatest possible amount of money
from them. No longer any regard for the interest
of the new States: no chance for graduation—for
cessions—for pre-emptions--—-.for donations—for
confirmation of delayed claims: no justice or mercy,
in any thing. Nothing but money, money, money
would be their cry. To sell would be their object.
To sell all, get all they could for it, carry it off,
and keep up the price of land, forever, would be
their policy. This is what the new Slates saw in
the passage of this bill upon its first introduction;
and the alarm broke out universally, and spread
far and wide. Hostility to ihe bill took dfep root
in the mind of every patriot. The whole West
was roused. The body of the people were in arms
against it; and the politicians quickly saw that no
such bill could ever pass, unless guarantees were
given against the dangers which were dreaded.
The necessity of guarantees became apparent, and
accordingly they were inserted—inserted in this
very bill—and by the gentlemen from Virginia,
according to their ov/a declarations, intended to" be.
treated as nought—intended to be nullified—
to be disregarded—at the very moment of solemnly
voting for them! The guarantees are to be viola-
ted; and thus the insertion of them becomes a
fraud, by which the bill a fastened upon us, and
every evil inflicted which the guruantees were in-
tended te prevent. Hear this, and listen now to
what I will read to you. I read from the second
proviso to the second section:
"And provided also, Thai, nothing herein contained shall
be construed to the pi tjudice of future applications for a re
auction of the pi tee uf the public lands; or to the preju-
dice of applications fot a ti ansfer of t'ie public lands, on rea-
sonable terms, to the Slates to which they He; or to mak
such future disposition of the public lands, or any par
thereof, as Congress may deem expedient."
This is what the bill says, and what the gentle-
men by their vote promise, and by their speeches
deny. Both deny these gurantees, the gentleman
especially who spoke last, [Mr. Rives,] and who
was so emphatic in denunciation of every thing
which the guarantees contain. He votes for the
clause which Í have read, votes for it in voting for
tie bill; and now let us confront his vole and his
speech, and see how they stand together. He votes
for this bill because it forever puts an end to gra-
duated prices of the public lands, and reiers to my
Graduation bill by name as being annihilated by it:
yet the bill for which he votes declares that nothing
which it contains shall be construed to ihe pre-
judice of future applications for a reduction of
the price of the public lands! This clause refers
to my Graduation bill as distinctly as if it was
named, and the gentleman votes for it, and thereby
gives a pledge that graduation is not to be preju-
diced by his vote; yet declares in his place that the
bill kills graduation! and that he votes for it oa
that account! Is not this contradiction, full and
flat contradiction, between his speech and bis vote!
and doss it not operate a fraud upon the new
States? a fraud by which they are to be cheated out
of futura redactions of ihe price of the public
lands by the very law which contains a solemn
guarantee to the contrary.
Again: The gentleman votes for this bill be-
cause, as he says, it puts an end to all propositions
for ceding the lands to the States in which they
lie; and he refers, by name, to the plan of the Se-
nator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] as be-
ing thus annihilated by this bill! Yet this bill con-
tains a clause declaring that nothing contained in
it shall be construed to the prejudice of future ap-
plications for a transfer of the lands, on reasona-
ble terms, to the States in which they lie! and this
clause was intended to cover, and does cover as
