Sept. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
27th Conu.... 1st Sess.
cover/, I believe it never v. as dresmed of that
soeha simple power as nss laid a fiuidation for
the erection of an immense bank if exchange.
It I understood me Staator I rom Georgia [Mr.
Berrien] aright, 1 e advanced a constitutional op -
nion such aa I never heard before, save from one
other gentleman, [Mr Webber,] that the power
' to regulate com uerce with foreign nations and
among the «eveial Sta'es, and with the Indian
tubes," conferred upon Congress power to create
a papei currency, as a nudium with which to c m
ductcommeice. The pre en' Secretary of State
did advance, seme je&r-s ago, this same lanm-
dinous doctrine I then con'ested it; and I am
happy to say that the distinguished Senator fro n
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] coneuricd with me in opi-
nion Congress has power to ie¿u!aíe commerce:
therefore, says the Senator from Georgia, Congress
possesses power to create a paper Currency, with
wnieh commerce may be conducted. This is the
doctrine. Yet even this is not quite so strong as
the pjsi'ton of my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Archer ] A powtr to "regulate," meat s a power
to 'create!" vVere any two words in the E^gl'sh
language ever better understood t'^an these? To
"regálale" is to prescribe xu'e for conducing
some'hmg n at airea ¡y exists. To "erea'e," is to
bung that ¡n'o ext ien"e winch before had none.
We know that the Constitution ha 1 its ongm
mainly in the general wish to regulate wuh umior-
mity the commerce of this country. Previous 10
its adoption, tk¿ different Slates of the Confede-
racy had established different r gu'atiohs, which
they were always "inng.ng, and hence ij foreign
Government would ios m commercial ireairswih
the then Government oí the United States, «h.ch
it could not en'orc-, Bcsi les, tbe commercial re-
gule tioii^ oí ti difftrenlW fi.s were eons'an'ly n
corflitt witi e,1--! o her To remedy t'ese evi1-.,
po>ver Uno confeirert on the Ft ler 1 Goitrrment
to es %bhsh unit rrn ral <s n rda 10 i to tomaiTce,
which sluuH apply ¡-lik to ah the States. Up to
the yc,*r 1839 1 n ver liad imagined that an; hu-
man being cOiild be tound \/ho nouid contend that
thissimple power of prescribusf rules for regulat-
ing our fTtign and domestic commeice iav Ivtd
the tremendous power of cieating a Baik wuh a
capítol oí fi ty milium  of dollars, andwiih power
to ís-ue a naper eurrrr-y sufficient to supply the
demands of me eouvry But tne d ctrine was
then advanced; and 1 cdvts t!'s friends ot a Na-
tional Bank to aancre lo it. It r-hswers their pur-
po e much be serio terive thei-bn ¡ins po^er, as
the Senator from Ma=íachas<-t s 'hen d.d, from f*e
power to rcgula'c commerce, than as the Senator
from Ken usky [Mr. Mi reread] now aces, fiom
fe power to coliec , transfer, and di burse the p!ib
he revenue. To denv ita¡> en inference from the
latter powr, as John Ma.shali his done, is to in-
volve it with a question ot tact, which might p'ove
iroub'esome lo í.s ad"ocatív. On their own show-
ing, the previous q ¡estion must first be «ettled,
whether a Bank be necessary to the eolleaioi,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue.
But tms vast commercial power leavs all limita-
tions behind. It mounts at once ¡n'o the air, and
sjars aloft to any height which Bank advocates
may deem necessary lo the accomplishment ot
their de-igns. If they want tocrea'e a paper cur-
rency, I tell them that the commercial power ¡s a
better basis on which to place it than the power
over the revenue.
And here let me add one word to my fiend
fiooi Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead ] He treated i.s
to a long, eloquent, and able speech, in reply to
one I had prev ou ly made; but this leply was un-
fortunately confined to a s. ig|p branch ci a single
point m my atgumeni; and neither he nrr any other
Senator has yet so much as touched any one of the
other point  whi'h I made The Senator's
whole speech was directed to the obj ct rf p'ov.ng
that the constitutionally ot ,' Bank of ibe Unt'ed
States «as a settled question. New, admitiirg,
for argument''. sahe alone, that the Senator suc-
ceeded m estab ishi^g his position that this is a ti-
tled qaea.on: I ask how has it been settled'? Tint
Congress has the abs ilute unconditional power to
crea'e, at pleasure, a Bank of the United S a e^?
Not at all; bat that if Congress  shall  believe a
Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Buchanan.
Bank to be a necessary agent in collecting, trans-
ferring, and disbursing the public revenue, the Ju-
diciary will net undertake to decide this qu"s ion
of fact differently, and declare the la* ti De
uncon titu'ional, tor Ihis reason alorie. Now,
John Matshall hi Telf might, if a member f Con-
gress, give hi>> vott pgamst the creation of a Bank,
not believing it in fact to be necessary to execute
the revenue power of the Government; and yet act
in, perfect accordance wuh evs-ry prirciple of hii
own decision >n the case of McCulloch agiinst
the State of Ma-viand. That deci^iun amounted
only to ¡his: that tbe court would not rejudge ihe
discretion of Congress; but it necessauly ¡e tarred
the constitutional qu-st'on back lo th*  conscience
of each maraber anout to vote for or against a
new Bank, untramme'led by any judicial expo>>
tion. If membeis believe that a Bank is a neees
sary and proper instrument to execuie the tax'ng
power of the Government and can thus reconcile
it to their consciences to declar it to be constitu-
tional, and p'ass a bill creating it, the court have
decided tbat they will not reverse this legislative
decision. And jet tins is ihe souico whence has
been drat.'n the unfair, tHe uojust, the mons rojs
mferer.ee, lhat John Tyler has had a rule pre-
scribed to him which m?.kes u his duty to a^ntove
a Baik charlei, nofviths'a .ding the i-'upreme
Court hive expressly dc/o ved it upon Corgress
wA on the Pres dent to decide lhat ques'ion, m ths
fiiat «nanc, for themselves
I said «omedajs s >, its the 's.ng'i-'ge of a greit
r>an that inere «us but one tfp íro'r  tne su time
to the n hcul u<~; a' d thct, in ny opi-nen, tne
Whig pari\ ha 1 t<sken tia1 s'ep w hen ine" octe-
mined to eslabl sh this "ktte-i}' mi fi«nli'y." My
rs-mar'-, a1 ih* bt«*, was rot of i.vtch \iltic; but
stch ai it v i< it h«d b tn ctoieiji jv the rcp",ter
of the Nati mal la c'l genetr, ard pat lio 'he
moLts of he Sjna l fro i K^ntae' y [i )„' 'h ]
1 do notcompij.ir> of Ihi , 'or I ve y   >■ nc^" ly    '<"
I tire th?t he ¡ ad b-th s^id it and ho gl t it Vnd
here let me sw, in relation to this great polit,c^l
party of Ihe Whigs—it m ght have ong>nated   he
' b hie t and rn t or.t ifl'aaures—it might have
struik direc'l/ a1 me veiy vi'ais of ihe Consti''!-
tiOt; and jet, o'h is ih? ¡t-llaence of p«:ty Ice'-
mg, th it, ii' t <!ui an j n^ this sacriieg'ous b'o v,
it might have sti 1 >uivi«'c!. Bi' let me kll is
leaaer-, lhat ihe moment ¡t rendered í'sclt ridicu-
lous, it pronounced i's own doom.   T ,e S n=.tcr
| frjm Virginia, .ndced, spoke of ¡he Whig parly £s
al e¿üj de'd I'i tne op nton of ha' hOiiTa'ole
S nator, ihe pa.ly wasal eaay past and gone.
[Mr. Aroiilr here explaaud, sta nig that vAwt
hen d said vas ihi-: tiat th  p -riy v-s gone, i"
tn Pre^.d r.t, by his ac ici, fhonld ¡hruw t ,e
Whi-s t'f0"1 iilt S'0Hil(i occnp ed by lb ¡r la'e cp-
ponen° ]
Mr. B Very veil, ths ep tarn ot the party
may bebnefl  wrtten Oi Us to nbsiori8 ih- h'a-
(oiiíii t v ii.se be. "This pat i> d'ed rot in the
lute'lec u~.l sti íe oí e ant minds; it perished not
upon the open ruld of manly ba tie, but a mere
Sergeant in it-, oun anki administered to it a do<-e
ot poison more 'a al thai hellebore,m the form of
a 'Fi c-ú Corporation.'" Sir, but thre¿ shor
months ago th s triumphant party ca--ie into the^e
halls, glorying and exulting in i  gt-at pnd splen-
did viciory Th- hero of a hunCr-d fights was at
its head, who>e spirit womd, I thought, have al-
svjs incunted. Yet, rotwithaan 'ing fte in.-
mens- majority it w.Ji'ei—nctAi'hstanding the
w«don and ex,'er eiice of i's cimmandin- 
gentra'—t h o sun' s ep b/ *tep, til ai le ír h
we have se^n u d. :e,. to tbii m^erabV bill—
to ewbVh a 'f\o-al Conation." Why, sir
we are told, 'a t e repo U ot tue Ni'id a
im 1 ¡gencer,   hi1, wlier 'his b'il wa«   prceite 
í in tie otNr II u-.e, it was received w ,'i sto.v
of lau-h'cr; pid I sup ose the fact « '1  not   h
1   deputed ci tms side of fiv IIou=.'', consiuenns'
| the source fron wherce I have denved theiaVr
mai.on Theis is one ca->e reset Jtd is history
b sir ng a reseiTb'ance to the a't mot tr establish
a Na'ional Bank. It is ¡ha' rf ■"•na'hs Jane-,
Fox, 'vho i troduced ¡n'o Par'mineat his far-famed
East Inan bil., whica would have enibled him to
grasp_ths wealth and power of India, and to use
Senate.
[ them as the means of overawing the King and con-
trolling the people. Mr. Fox failed ¡a this great
attempt; but when he failed, he did not fall back
on a ' Fiscal Bink," and, failing in that, sink so
low as a "Fiscal Corporation." No; there was
something grand and noble in an old-fashioned
Hamtltoman Bank of the United States. If it were
a palpable usurpation on the Constitution of the
United States, still it was a manly usurpation. It
marched like a monarch into the States of the
Union, and established itself and i's branckes
whíre it pleased, without regarding their assent or
di-sent It did not sfculk into this District of tea
miles square, and then stealihily steal oni into the
States where the Slates did not positively forbid.
" How are the mighty fallen ! Tell it not in Gath;
publish it not in thes'reets of Askalon "—that the
ereat, the triumphant, the dominant, the irresisti-
ble Whig party, has sunk to this thing called a
"Fiscal Corporation!" And, from what the Sena 
toi irom Virginia says, I doulj| whether they will
even get that. They may fly their kiteat the White
'House.
[Here Mr. Archer interposed: "Asto the White
. House, ¿on knoiv what is passing there much bet-
ter than I Your party, I believe, know more
about the interior of that mansion than the Whigs
do "J
Mr. Buchakan • I am sorry the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia is mistaken. I hope it may be so
btfore kng. The inhabitant of that mansion has
shown him-e'f to be a man of metal. He has not
abandrred all his old Virginia principles to be-
c mie the tool of a psrt/ from which he differs on
n"a«ly t>ll the grcit points of its pobcy. This Fis-
c"1 Corpor.uioi i-=, I presume, the ultimatum with
•he WU;  parly. You m^y fly your kite at the
Wiute House, but your bill will return protested,
'lie i* ti dt nt Wil it/ no kup back again bejond
tl.% 'it i's or this Di«ir ct, without the free consent
i h" f ates be'ig ri/st h^d and obtained. I think
Uta is cenaír , from his veto message. And, what
my friends en this side rf ths House wl¡¡ consider
wor=e than cil, he will not infer theastentof the
States, either from the silence of their Legislatures,
ci their refusal to dissent. What his further
vi" < s ti"on the subject may be, it is impossible for
me ¡o say.
Tne Bank which you propose to establish by
t' ,s 1 ill is a p-rfect speculator's bank. All She
"D-'Ly and tne "b:ars," and other speculating
an -is m Wall ^ reet, will hail it with exceeding
g cat jo<; vri i e all other men, to whatever party
they belong, wil' iiave reason for sotrow and lamen-
íaiion. Your industrious mechanic—your dis-
eiest re*ail merchant—your plain farmer—your
enterprising ard ingenious manufacturer—will get
r.o .iccomisoeauott there—none. It is an ex-
change b?nk, conSaed to buying and selling foreign
bi'Is of cefstnge, iicludmg bills drawn in one
St .to or Territory, and payable mtfanother. To
t'ecl with soch an institution, a man must be
iti. iwn on Vhctn-'e, ha must have foreign coires-
pondeU«. You can't fly your kite from one city to
smother ttitbm the sime S a'e. This Bank is to deal
i i' te-fiymg only between different States. Now,
Vr. Pres cent, what is kiteflying? for I hold the
con raiy sentm,ent to that advanced by the Senator
trou M,s oup, [Mr. Bkijton;] and I maintain
¡hat the "kite-flymg fi-cality " ¡s a better name for
this institution than the " meal-tub bank." Let
mo explain my noUon ofn; and, if I am wrong,
I *hcie are gentlemen here who, no doubt, under-
sta..d agicat deal mo-e about it than I do, and
w .0 will kii ly put me right. Kite-flying, then,
t. I and ¡ *snd it, is never predicated of a real
11, ine s ir<> taction. A speculator in Phiiadel-
ph -i, " is' in<- 'o rai-e the wmd  to the amount of
|          tnd ed   hous¡"nJ doKars, cannot  obtain the
m .ej from this Bank on an accommodation note,
-s 'ie could have done from an old-fashioned Bank
ot tac Uniie 1 Stales; and to wha' expedient must
ho resort fo> this pjrpose? He gets a brother spe-
Cti'ítor in Nf w Yt rk to consent th-st he may draw
a b 1' of cxeha"ge on him. The Fiscal Corpora-
t.on, which cannot discount his note, buys his bill
thus drasn, and he puts the money m'his pocket.
The bill, at its matnn'y, is not paid in money by
tae New York speculator, but he squares the ao-
