848
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GT-OBT1.
Sept. 1841,
27ih Cono--"1st Ssss
Fiscal Corporation—Mr.  Buchanan.
Senate.
count by simply drawing another bill back on the
speculator in PmlarSelphi . Triis seciad bul, when
due, is also satisfied by merely d awing a second
bill on the speculator in New York; and so they
keep it going backward and forward between the
two cities as, long as they p'ease Thi , in ihe
technical language on 'Change, is called k' e-
ilying The Bank, meanwhile, pocke.s ihe legal
interest, and as much more as it can get for ex-
change. This process evades the usury laws, and
enables it, without danger to demand and receive
more than legal interest fcr discounting bil's.
Now gentlemen will pe ceive at once hoTr ex-
clusively this Fiseality will become a speculator'-,
bank A plain mechanic goes to the counter, and
asks an accommodation for a moderate sum—°ay
from five hundred to five thousand dollars—on a
promissory note, with good endorsers and what is
the answer? "We can't accommodate yob, sir;
we only deal in exchange " The poor man turn1?
away disappointed, and walks out wvhout his mo-
ney. But as he passes along, iheie comes in one
of these kite-flying speculators—fellow s w bo are op
to the tricks otirade He reside in Philadelphia,
and draws his bill on the city cf Camd n, within
five minutes run across the Delaware, lot fire, f>n,
or twenty thousand dollars. That is no accommo
dation note; oh, no' it is a bill oí exchange, and
while the poor mechanic did not know how to do
the thing, the more adroit speculator gels all he
wants.
Now I shall not asiert that this bill was drawn
wilh a view to benefit speculators, but Idi «-ay it
will accomplish that purpose  as effec'ual'y as if
this had been the intention of its frames     11 seve
ral essen'ial paiticu'ars it is worse—mt'th wiise
than the Fiscal Bank bill ot Ihe Senator ftom Ken-
tucky, which has been vetoed by the President    It
is not true, as has been averted, that this bill is a
mere copy of the former bill, with no other change
except what was necessary to confine the corpora-
tion to dealing in exchange.   When I heird it *ug-
gested on this floor that an officer ot the present
Bank of the United States hid been consul ed m
the preparation of the new bill, I was ai once
aware thit it would be necessary to «-cmtin ze us
prov&ons with the utmost care, and  ih's task I
have performed  The Senator from Virginia tell- us
that if the bill betomrs a I iw, the stock will all he
taken  Taken'   My examination ot ihe bill indi ces
me to say, undoubtedly Hwil   Bay, more, there 'i'l
be a scramble tor it     Morestoik will proba! y  b
subscribed in on  day, than the whole am mnt < {
the capital of the Bank, and why?   G lause it is a
Bank exactly accommodate 1  to iha pu'p s s ot
speculators    The Senator fr. m New Ye tl   fVIr
Wright] had some o'd-iashioned notion    on the
subject of banking     He thought it was. m t right
that a man should subscribe tor siock in  ihe fVeal
Bank, and pay for it not in monet,  but in loans
obtained from the Bank itself on the sccun'y of the
stock subscribed.   It is true   that past excellence
was in his tavor, because the lata liank of" Umttd
States had been nearly ruined  in the iirtyearsct
its exi tence of the stock-note , and by tKir tise
many banks have been  broiisht   into   ex stance,
which were mere fraud  upon the public.   Hence
that ¡Senatsr proposed as an amenlm-m, to which
the honorable Senator  Irom  Kentutky   assen ed
that such loans to stockholders  to pa" ior their
stock should be excluded, ard that ej> ry  sub>cn-
ber should be compelled to pay his -ubs( nption  in
gold and silver    But no such r gid lule picails
mthis bank in regard   to   indiviiudis.    The   Go
vernment is a part stockholder, and it aloi e    s y, -
quired to pay up its wn tni'l on  n  haid   si ene
or its equivalent.    But what must   me   specula or
jay?   There will be only ten per cent   uqaired
from him in money as a fir t i is akicnt, and he
can meet the remaining rm«'y p-i cent  of his   ub
scnption by a stoek bi 1 ti exeh&'jS    or by bor-
rowing   the.  gold   and   silver out ot ,h-   «.«•  eri
million fund placed m this b«i? by the Govan
mem.   This is oue imp->it,.nt a> d stt'iiixr dife
renoe between ¿e prrsent bil' and  tint allied
by the Senate  from Kentucky.   li>« , ,bscnbcr
may fly his bite on New York o.  Phültl¿,
and thus pay for his stock.   As a proof that th.s
difference exists, let me refer the Senate to the 14th
fúndame i al article of the bi'l to treate the Fi -
cal Büt.k, where ihey wnl find ihe fjllowinp tu.e
proviso , wiich ha beenomuiedin the p rs>ept
biH-
' \qv «hall ihe pa d dnectors e thet of the said pi ncipai bil k
ortf my bram h oi office of discount and deporte, or a ly
ferity discount, or buifei to be discounted, or receive in pay
ment, oí &ufIW to bo received m payment, any n He 01
evidence of debt as a payment of or upon any instalment
ol ihe sol capital stock actually called fot and requned
to be paid or with the mtent of providing the means of
making such \ ayrneni i or shall any of the said directors
receive or di*cou it, ot suflei to be r ceived or discoun'ed, any
note oi other evidence of debt, with intent of en tbh ig any
stockholder to withdraw any pait of the money paid m b> him
on hia stock "
I is notmt°nded to suffer this Bank to confine
its !! to real bus ne^s transactions. Kit were thus
confined, it might, to a certain extent, be of ccn-
siterule u«e. A man in one poition (f the Union,
wh i had fun's in ano her, migH draw upon those
turds, and thus, without trouble, obtain his motey
at th^ p ft e of his rcMd'nce. But dealing ii bona-
t't'e bills altne will not answer. There most be
kitefljtrg, h re mu-,t be accommodat on pjpei,
or, if that were nit intended, it will at ltast be the
eifeci, and that to a vast extent A-coid ngly, in
order to make this an easy process Ur the sp^cu
!a ing gentry, the provision contained in ihe FY-r-al
Buik b II of IheSenairr f.om Kenmcky, m ei d-
ed to limit its business to real transactions,
has been stricken from this kite flying fiseality
The 20th funJamen'al article of hk> bi 1 prov ided
that—
'That no paper shall he discounted, or any loan ma le by
said tiaik for a longer penod than one hundied and ightj
days norehallany uot(, oi hill, m othei debt, or evuta ce ol
debt beicnewedoi cxlended I y any engesemeiit or contiat 111
said Bank aft, r the time for whleh it was necoti ited shall
haveexnued '
This was a wise, a salu'ary provision. It wo ild
have confined the dealing in exchange to the actual
wants of the country, had it been rigidly and
faithfully enforced. But this, too, has been omit ed,
and the effect will be to make it the easiest thing
in ihe worll, by drawing b lis backwards and for-
wards between different States, to furnish all the
accommodation that speculators can desire Bills
of oxchange may be discounted having years to
ru>-i, and they may be renewed, when due, by t! e
sub-tituttMl of new bills, during an n^hp t pe-
nod, without any restriction whatever. Cull e
mo«t unrea^inab'e Qpecu'ator de ire mo"e h?n
this!
Thtie i at id s nk n,j differeiice bttwen he
mo bi ¡ lie former bill went on the prtsPTp-
ticn l^at .nemhers of Corgiess are men rt morial
mould, that they possess the ssme pas-sions ond tl,e
same t ailues as other men; that they are n Hhcr
bei-er n> r wor e than their fellow epi/ ns; an!
that, as it depended upon the vote of the tv i
Housebote nfress whether prnc?edmg shou d be
mst lu'ed 'o forfeit Us charter in case i„ were vio
latí i! ti i y ougnt not to have any accommodation'
fern the Bank, 'est t^ey m'ght thus be swen (d
from the.r m'e nly of purpose. Thi^, to be sure
was a very severe restriction; because sentl men
may desire, like -ome of their predecessors, to form
anof-er Coigres «nalland company; an! ¡t mgSt
le very eonven ent to obtain money on „i e-
fluitt billv, a some of Iheir predece ío,% lad
donr Under similar cucumstances, it uonlacei-
tatnly be a very convenient matter for a msmbu
of Cotigre s to fly a kite as far ps Bait more foi
ten or twenty th< usand dollar, and no doubt he
would find the Bank extremely acecmmodat.n"
Another advantage i*, that if he should not De ib"e>
to pay at maturity, there is not the least dai grr
that ne will be ever publicly exposed. I belie it u
is a rule in love never to ki^s a^ tell, and
this ruk his been most pertinaciously observed
b> the old ecnupt „nd rotten Bank of the United
States. It that Ban,t accommodated mrarbeis oi
Congr<ss—and we know it did, to an imm< n-e
amount^—it has always refused to give up their
names. The teaisand the groans cf the widows
mid orphans whom it has mined have amended to
Heaven and accused i s d recto's These direc-
tors have been changed again and again; but sail
they have kept the secret. No resolves and no
efforts of this body, or of the other House, have
ever been able to extort it from them. There is
among the secret arcana of that Bank a document
known by the name of the "suspende I list," which,
if ever pablished, wou'd give ire i iformation, but
every human btin„' who h">s hid ..cce s to that
paper has most re'i'iously kept the secret If
they had net, it may be th<-t men who now hold
tier heads very h'gh, and who occupy di tm-
gui h d tat ons in tie Sate, wot Id b  covered
with shame did numb ed in the very da t. Could
that list be procu-cd, it is at least possible that we
might learn how bank accommodaiit ns can be
paid off by tha tran^f-r of lots m lithcj, aphed pa-
per enies and valueless uestern land  Hanpily,
under this bul the^e golden opportunities, wiUagiin
be ¿if ¡ded aid the wind will a^ain prove fair ¡or
membeis of Corgie s to fly their kite  as well as
olhtr in n
Andheie let ne point out some ibi-ig tf he work-
ing of this new pitent machine. Why, 'ir, to use
a wes'ern pMa^e, "it will go without grta it g,"
th re will be no manner of d ffici.1 y in the
"ay, Tne borrower in Philad iphia mil, as I
told jou, dfiw his bill on s0rre far remote
city ,n anoiher Siaf—such a^ Canden, and
whpn his bdl is d*ie, his ¡>ohi fie'e correspon-
uen in C)mden can draw oack on him just such
another on Philadelphia; aid thus, without dis-
counting a single promissory Bote, the Bank can
lend more money and make more profit than if its
discounting po - er were without restriction I was
really astonished to hear ihe gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr Arches] assert, whi'st he denounced
thepo"/er of discount as being so immense and so
dangerou-, and so utterly inadmissible, that this
other poferof deahrg in exchanges was the mos>
benign, the most bensficent, and the most f. hcitous
power that ever was devised by man; and that a
uill which conferred it should, as a matter of
course, unite in its favor the votes ot all the Whig
party. Then there is the city of New York and
Jer ey city. If the honorable Senator should at
any time want a loan, he has only to fly his kite
acress ihe Hudson river, and he can readily be ac-
commodated.
[Mi Akchf r I never drew a bill no c*1 had one
character and ass rted another ]
Yes, but when you establish a buik of such a
ct a, icttr a, this, you mus! expect mat s^ch con-
cejil neos will follow. A bank fr< m which all re-
oinciions are tal en aws j ard a who ecounter'he
w'i • pect'latng woiid is invited ío bjiro J—
irom such a bank what 11 e can ,ou expec? It
will loan money on bills.of exchange, instead of
loirirg on prorai cy no e , and, f ir ny soul, I
enrol p^re"ive a ly es-ent al difference between
the two mo les Tne only effect in thes changing
th2 luim, will be to induce men 'o commit fraud.
In^' a! ot drawing on real funds, they will draw
bills m p'aces where they have notb ng to an-
swer them. They v.ill thus maKetreir loans, and
th  banumjke ns prcfi s, with t1 is only difference
—t'a  hey h?ve to pay a lithe more for their
m ney, vh le he bank will receive a largrr wte-
lest, in the name oí a premium, than the law
would a'low it o t.ike <n the discojiit ot a pro-
missory note I can see that some ci ies_and
c>'ie of ¡neat basi e^s, too—will deuve li tic bene,
tit tuna tms o 11 Bofla'o, for exai.p'o, a'id Pitts,
bu gh, v,i 1 Loth bem a ' bad fix,"' 101 Buffalo
c«na( t draw on NeroYck, nor P t sburghon Phila
de'phia. An I why? Because, under this vise
bill, two cu es m the i-ame State cinnot diaw on
e«icn oth°r. I carnot imagire how the merchants
who co duci fie immen e flour and other business
oiBifl lo will be able to obtain accomodations
—unl ss, indeed, they report to fl/ing ki ts to the
Cansda 4ore, ana the present foreign bills to the
la k ttr discount Cincinnati will be well off
bect-u e Newport ¡s just across the river, a< d the
d ewer a id ihe acceptor will be almo t witvi t> hail
of each ether. This machine, such as I ba< e de-
scribed i', vj'l regulate the price of every eemmo-
¿hty in th- eouniiy and it will be do le bv this kite-
fljin* pi-eess.
Ihe-- are on the stock exchange Wo ebsses of
st emptors—the one called "bears," ar-d the other
"bulls " The bu iness of gambling assumes dif-
feit.it fpirns at different times. Gambling at "all
fours," at "Joo," at "faro," &c has gone out of
fashion    The fashion now is to gamble to rtocks
