Sept. 1841.             ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________'___________S43
STth CoNa""lsT Sess.____________        .Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Buchanan,                                                        Senate.
Those who play at the game are either bears or I
bulls. Th- bear does what he can to depress the
price of stocks m the market, whilst the bull is
equally intent upon raising it The bear wagers
•with the bull that on a certain day (three months,
for example, after the date) a particular stock'will
be ten per cent lower than at present. So to
■work they both go—the one to depreciate, the other
to enhance, the price of this stock Hence there is
a constant struggle going on between these two
classes. As this gambling assumes the form of an
agreement by the bear to transfer to the bull a
certain amount of stock at a fixed price on a future
day, which is called "selling on time," the bulls
often combine to buy up all of a particular stock
in. the market before the day of transfer am/es, so
that the bears cannot fulfil their contracts, in
■which case they are compelled to pay ' smart
money," and then they are said to be "cornered,"
(a phrase, by the by, more appropriate than
"headed," as applicable to Captain Tyler,
when the modus operandi is to push this
kite flying fiscaltty at him) Such being
the state of things, these gamblers m stocks will
enter into a fierce struggle as to which class shall be
the directors of the branch agencies, because they
can then elevate or depress the price of every kind
of stock, as well as ot all other prop >tty through-
out the entire country, just as it shall suit their
purposes of speculation. Ard this, forsooth, is the
sort of fiscally which President Tyler is expected
to approve, after having placed his deliberate veto
upon what was, comparatively, a respectable in
stitution. This is the question on which the great
Whig party are to go before the people, and m re-
gard to which they suppose they can disturb the
serenity of the public mind by denouncing J^hn
Tyler for hi  refusal to sign the bill A cabinet
which woull go out of offiee on such a question
as this, would subject themselves to scorn and ridi-
cule
But this Fi' cal Corporation is to regulate do-
mestic exchanges. Really, Mr. President, I
thought we had heard enough on that point.
Kegala'e the exchanges! Why, ihe exchanees
are regulated at this moment, and as well regnUt-
ed as they have been for many years past. There
seems to exist a general conspiracy among the
public journals to impose upon ti.eir unreflecting
readers in relation to this matter The exchange
list, for instance, will tell you that the exchange
between New York and Detroit is fifty per cent
but what is that fifty p r cent ? It is, in truih, only,
ihe difference between the value of gold and silver
m New York and the bills of somi Wild Cat bank
iu Michigan. (That, I think, is ihe name of th s
sort of money )
[Mr Bukton, across   "R"d Dog "]
I litvei heard it called "Red Dog," but, for aught
1 know, that may be the propel name.    I have m
Miy pocket a letter from Detroit, assuming me that
exchange is as low as it ever was before, the real
difference between, haid money in Detroit and hard
money in New York beng only f om one to o ie
&r>d a halt per cent   And } et this bill is to regu'ate
exchanges '    Unless under very extraordinary cir-
cumstances, the rate of exchange aHva>s regulates
itself    It is the course of comrperc thit regulates
i.e exehai ges be -ween ary twi p'ates in the same
country, iad ihe true raie of exchange between one
p'ace and cmtfvr consista onl/ of the c it of the
tia^sporU ion ¡ nd  insurance on g Id and silver
Exchange nt ween Ne v Yoik and Pml-'delphta is
quoted ai 2 to 3 per eert    Ard why'   This is the
dffcrtnee between god aid silver in  New York
and the depreciate.! paper circulating in Philadel-
phia.   L'tus no longer indu'ge the hope of esta-
blishing this, or any oth"r fiscal banking corpora-
tion like ii    Let John Tyier send us a go d old
fashioned Jackson veto, which will place the bank
qaestion at rest as long as he shall continué Prest-
s dent, and the public mind will settle down into a
state of calm and tranquillity; and in less th=n six
months the commercial busme s of the country
will again be prosperous     How is this business
conducted m Europe?   Do their banks deal in ex-
change?   Very little, if any.   And yet I can take
a letter of credit at St. Petersburg, travel wuh it
all oyer the continent, and not pay more than a
very «mall premium.   To  ta'k of exchange being   j
10 and 20 per cent bitv een place and place m the   !
United States, is to suppose that people do not un-
derstand the difference between gold and silverand
a depreciated paper curreecy
I say, farther, let our domestic manufacturers be-
ware of this bill The Fiscal Corpr ration is to
deal m exchange between this and foreign countries
This will greatly increase the impirtaiion of fo-
reign pood , by affording the easie t mode of pay-
ment. Duties will be collected in bank paper instead
of gold and silver, in consequence of the icpeal of
the Independent Treasury Laigf  accommodation 
will be obtained by our impoitmg merchants from
this corporation, and the courtry will be inundated
wi h foreign goods Pass the present bill, a d th s
object can casilv te aaomplished A friend of
mine said to me in co iversation, that th s bill
ought to pass, bfcauve the Bankrupt bill had pass-
ed. Now I think that we should have passed the
Fisealny first, to enable the specula ors to run in
debt beyend iheir means of payment; and after-
wards have passed the Bankrupt bill, to enable them
to discharge their ogligations in the easiest manner
possible.   [A laugh ]
And now I ha-ve one word to say on the late Pre-
sidential ve'o, and then I shall havf done.    It has
been said that John Tjler was bound by the fidelity
which he owed his p<-r y  to approve the bill for a
Fiscal Bank.    I deny it altogether, an ' say that, if
he had approve 1 that bill, he would have deserved
to be denounced as a self des rover, as false to the
«hole course of his pa t 1 fe, false to every pnnci
p e of honor, and fal=e to the «acred obligation of
his oath to support the Cjnstituticn     He had de-
clared, again and again, 'hat such a Bank «as ur-
eonstuutional, and yet he is denounced because he
did not render himself infamous by an utter disre-
gard of that  instrument     The President had but
one righteous course before him, and had ne taken
any other, it would not only have blasted his own
character, but it would have fixed a blot on the
history of his country to all future generations
How was he committed to sign a bill which he be-
lieved to be unconstitutional'    What was the his-
tory of ihe Harnsburg convention'—and it will be
remembered that I do not live far irom that cele-
brated p'ace  How was that einvention composed?
It contained, I ad<mt, many men ot then ghest re-
speciab lit), but, in a  political view, it was made
up "of a'I nation^, and people, and kindred, and
tongues."   "B'ack spmis and white, blue spirits
and £ ray," all mingled their rounsils there to attain
a single end—an a\ai!able candidate for the Pien-
dtney.    In t>is they succeeded, and the resu't «as
to turn Mr Van Buren out, and put th-mselves in
The infidel   philosopher Voln^y, in his celebrated
' Rums of E'ipiies," pre ents ns with an imaginary
pic ur   of an assemblage  11 \ hich all the religious
s cb of   h   car h were cjI <-ded tcgdher, and en
gaged in defending  their respective creeds, and
suca  a  confos on   ensue I  as migV put to shame
thai at the tower of Bab^l     Just so woul I it have
been a' BUtnsburg, if they had at emrted tod sens 
any p~uu al print pic-     There wa  the A boll ion
ist, 'e<>dy to c ll  'own file f'rm he?ven to snnn -
iate  'mcty tío >i the face of the tar h, and siie by
side wi h hi " s"!  th  bononble and high-spinted
S mihern si ivth 11< i      TAeis v a? the At um^son,
who e riot o was "Desl u tioi  to ail secret sre e
ties," m n„lmg n   vcl  c tnmumonwnh the Bank
t'ireeter, vth , \vith be h le uy i f a vestal had pre-
servtd tm   fcr Is < t lr p'i'on house     Tneu was
the Conso idation.st, holding, as my friend from
Vi g ma ik es, that ihe mere power to buy a bill ot
exch\t) e vested  in Coigre-s the power to create
an exchaige bank, while hand ard hand with hrn
we might st.e the tight laced st'ict Construction  t,
who will hardly alio * tbe Government power to do
any th ng    la that ore imt'ey assembly were to
be seen all colois and all shades of political opimcn
From ahsolu'e necessity, not fiorrchoire, they were
compelled to ab tarn from   making any puolic de-
claration of their principle-,.    Now, if John Ty'er
had a nsht to inter any thing from the proceedings
ot that body, it was that he would  be at liberty
to oppose a Bank of the Uni'ed S'ates     Certain
leaders of that convention were, it is true, in favor
of a Bank, but, while the convention, as a body,
selected well known anti-Bank men as their chosen
candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency,
were those candidates to infer that they must change
all their opinions and become Bank men?   Sir, I
áeplored the death of General Harrison, from the
deep respect I entertained for his name and cha-
racter,  howsver much I may have differed from
hi? political principles.     But General Harrison
Wis, par excellence, an anti-Bank man.   All his
public declarations, up to the very moment of the
election, establish this fact    Nay, more, we, who
have been denounced as the Loco Foco, barn-burn-
ing, agrarian portion of our party, because we as-
sert the constitutional right to repeal a public cor-
poration entrusted with the sovereign power of ma-
naging tie finances of the country, when the public
interest demands it, may claim him as a brother a
the faith, for when a resolution was introduced in-
to the Hou e, m 1819, to repeal at a single blow
the charter of the late Bank, he voted in its favor.
And as to John Tyler, he has so often declared
himself against a Bank of the United Slate', that
there is no need I should specially refer any gen-
tleman to his opinions on that subject.   There they
bo h were,   holding these opinions,  and having
openly avowed them, and it is utterly impossible
that the members of this convention should have
been ignorant of the fact.    The convention, then,
mad   no avowal of its principles.   And what was
the voice of the people?   I cm truly say that, dar-
ing the whole election campaign, I never saw ene
single resolution in favor of a National Bank, which
had bern passed by any Whig meeting in any part
of the country    In some of the States a Bank
might have bren popular, many of the leaders cer-
tainly desired it, but that was an issue which they
carefully kept from the public eye.    ¡The" Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Rive=] denounced a Bank, as
he has infoimed us, all over that State; and the Se-
nator from New York [Mr Tau-hudue} has ad-
mi tt d that, in his public speeches, he  was silent
on the subject    I had thought that, if any State in
the Union was favorable to a Bank, it must have
been Ohio, yet in the Richmond Enquirer there is a
letter from the present Secretary of the Treasury
to his frieiit', L. D Barker, esq from which a very
different infer nee may be drawn.   I shall read an
extract from i
' Lancaster, (O) July 18,1840.
^ \fy Dear Sth On my retui n from Columbus, this evening,
I leceive 1 youi lettei, uitorming me that it was asserted, at a
public meeting in Wa&hweton county, that, m a speech at Phi-
ladelphia I h id bdid ihf true question between the parties was
a Bank of the United elates and that you from a knowledge
of the real question, and of vie had contradicted the asser
Hon In t/it$, of course, you were perfectly safe I made
'no suck ^tatemen/, but the vet y contrary " &c &c
In the S a'e of Pennsylvania, 1 know that the
estat hbhment of a National Bank was nowhere
mide the nsue I assert, thert, that all the evidence
wt have is for, and none agams', the fact stated in
ihe Pr sideni'a message— bat the people of the
Uní ed Sutes never had declared themselves in fa-
vor of a Bank.
Tne whole spectacle presents to us a memorable
moni. D vm-s have said that national sins are
aht ays vis-ued by national punishment, because, m
a fj ure < 'te, retributive justice cannot reach na-
tions ct ltectively, and, for the same reason,a viola-
tion of pructple by any political party is sure in the
end to meet with its appropriate rewaid. Where, on
the face of the eattb.cananether example be found of
agr at influential, and higb'y talented party having
assemb' d together from all points of the country,
and, when col ected in one gland convention, flav-
in  ieftr-rt to annojnee to the world any political
onrciples? The Whig* expected to rouse the na-
tun to a struggle which should displace their ad-
versaries, but they announced no principles "for
l:ie publ c e; e," and when we a'ked them for their
political creed, they always referred us to the
public declara ions of their candidates Well,
what was the punishment of this double dealmgl
It was that a party, whose leaders desired a Bank
of ihe United States above all other things, should
have been so infatuated as to select as their candi-
dates two decidedly anti-Bank men.
There was but one principle in which the whole
Whig party seemed to be unanimous, and that
was—in proscribing proscription. Their vow was
to put an end forever to the maxim that "  the
a
