Sept. 1841.   __________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.             ___________              Sj,S
27th Cong....... 1st Se-ss.                             Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Buchanan,                                                         Senate.
act to the Legislature had been accompanied. We
had been, ourselves, straggling for days and weeks
to arre3t the passage of the bill, an S to prevent the
creation of the monster to wh;ch it gives birth. We
had expended all our logic, exerted all our ability,
employed ail our eloquence; but in spite of all our
utmost efforts, the fnendj of your Excellency in
the Senate and House of Representa" ives proved
too strong for- us. And we have now come most
hear'üy to thank your Excellency that you have
accompli-hed for ns thai against your forml-
w'nie.h we with our most strenuous exertions were
unable to achieve." [Roars of laughter.]
I hope the Sunator will view with indulgence
this effort to represent him, although I am but too
sensible how far it falls short of the merits of the
original. At all events he will feel that there is
not a greater error than was committed by the Ste-
nographer oí the Intcll'gencer the other day, when
he put into my mouth a pan of the honcable Se-
nator's speech. [Laughier ] I hope the honora-
ble Senators oa the other side of thecnamber will
pardon me for having conceived it possible that,
amidst tne popping of champagne, the intoxication
of their joy, the extacy of their glorification, they
might have been the parties who created a disturb-
ance, of which they never could have been guilty
had they waited for their " sober second thoughts "
[Laughter, loud and long.] I have no doubt the
very learned ex-Secretary of the Treasury, who
conducted that department with such distinguí.- hid
ability, and such happy results to the country, and
who now has such a profound abhonence of all the
taxes on tea and coffee, though, in his own official
reports, he so dis'inc ly recommended them, would,.
if appointed chairman of the committee, have con-
ducted the investigation with that industry which
so eminently distinguishes him, and would have
favored the Senate with a report, marked with all
his accustomed precision and ability, and with the
most perfect lucid clearness.    [A laugh.]
There is one remark of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania which demands some notice. My friend
from Virginia [Mr. Archer] threw out an intima-
tion that very possibly the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania knew tnore of the sentiments and purposes
prevailing at the White House than he did. That
Senator, in reply, denied that (hat was the case as
yet, but said that he hoped and expected it soon
might beso. Expec'ed? Expected what? That
a President of the United States, elected by the
Whig party to a d fferent f-talion, and having ar-
rived at the Presidency under circumstances calcu-
lated to «all forth his most profound gratitude,
should abandon the party which elevated him;
should commit an act worse than treason, and
join that party of which the Ssnator is a distin-
guished member, but to which the President has
been diametrically opposed ? Could that be what
the Senator meant? If it was, then I say that the
suggestion, the bare sup^ositon of such a thing,
is in the highest decree injurious to the President, i
do not pietend to know what may be his fetlir.g-,
but sure I am that were I in his situation, and the
possibility of such an act of treachery were
affirmed of me, the repraach would fill my bean
to its inmost recesses with horror and loathing. But
the Senator chose to assign the reason why he
hoped and expected this. It was that the President
differed from his party on almost every one of its
great and leading points of policy. No w I intend,
for a moment, to institute a comparison between
the differences of the President from the policy and
principles of the Loco Foco party and his alleged
differences from the policy snd principles of the
Whigs. And, first and foremost, I will place the
act of expunging and muti'utmg the official records
of this body. Did the President agree wiih the
Loco Pocos in regard to that act? Again, on the
question of Executive power, a-id the extent and
increase of Executive patronage, does the Presi-
dent agree wi'h the Wbigs or the?e on the other
side? For myself, I do think that, intheimpres
sive words of Mr. Dunning, the power of the
Executive has increased, is increasing, and ought
to be diminished. And then on the one-term
principle, what are the President's opinions?
Does not all the world know? Has he not put them
in writing, and declared, over and over, that no
President ought to serve for more than one term?
Has be not seen the effect of ths opposite practice
in leading a Chief Magistrate so a« to use his pow-
er as to secure his rr-election to office? And then
in regard to the Sab-Treasurv, what are the Presi-
dent's opinions on that point? Have gentlemen on
the other side made up their opinion? Is there to
be an accommodation on this point? No, sir, the
hop:- of it is vain. The soil of Virginia is too
pure to produce traitors. Small, indee 1, is the
number of those who have proved false to their
principles and to tl>eir paaty. I knew the father
o*- the President, Judge Tyler, of the General
Churt in Virginia, and a purer patriot or more
honest man never breathe*! th  brea'h of life; and
I am one of ihose who hold to the fafe'y wr.ich
flows from honest ancestors and the purity of
blood.
Gentlemen are exulting over an event which
never can and never will happen. No, gentl men,
the President never will disgrace himselt, disgrace
his blood, disgrace his S'.ate, disgrace his country,
disgrace his children, by abandoning hi-party, and
joining with you. Never, never. If it were among
the possibilitifs of human turpitude to perpetrate
an act like that, I cannot conceive on what principle
or for what reason the President could rush upon a
deed so atrocious, and deliver himself over to in-
famy so indelible. Nor do I kr.ow which woo'd
surpass in baseness, the man who could commit
such an act of treason, or ¡he party who would re-
ceive and embrace and adopt one who h;d thus
disgraced himself. No, genUemrn, no; never win
the President of the United States be guilty of such
a crime, and, if he did commit it, the party has too
much regard for the opinions of mankind ever to
receive and reward him fi r the deed. Treason,
shilein the progress, is indeed always ssrseoble
to the party or country to wh"se benefit it is to
innr ; bat when it ha; been perpetrated, what dees
!< story tell us the fate has been of every traitor?
And what ought that fate (o be? If there is any
thing like agreement between John Tyler and the
Lnco Foco party, it is simply and exclusively oi
tbiN question of a Bank. On that one point I ad-
mit ihat there ic a great and unhappy difference of
opinion between him and his political frirnds; but
how can he by possibility go over to the other party,
from whom he has always differed on every other
poin ? On all other points—the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands, the bankrupt law,
public economy and reform—he agrees with us.
Gentlemen chuckle in the confidence that he is go-
ing to veto this bill. I do not myself think he will.
But, even if he dots; still I fay it is a moral
impossibility that there ever can exist so infa-
mous, so unnatural a union, as that between a
President who has betraved one party, and the
other party directy onpofed to him, who must have
too much regard to their character and the opi;icn
of mankind to receive and embrace him, if it
were possible that he could prove false and faith-
less to his friends.
Í had not the remotest idea when I entered the
Senate of saying a word on the pr.sent questior;
but there was a species of unauthorized exultation
manifested" by the Senator from Pennsylvania
which I could not suffer to pass. The gentleman
has expressed high hope?, but they are hopes doom-
ed to be disappointed. Pallv believing ihi?, and
being for myself determined to live and die with
the Whig party, I thought it right to say what I
have done.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose and said that he had
listened with his usual gratification to the reply of
the dis'inguished Senator from Kentucky, with the
exception of a single remark. He referred to his
[Mr. Clay's] allusion to the electioneering slang
of the l-ite contest on the subject of low wagss.
This remark was wholly unworthy of that Sena-
tor, and be intended to answer it as it deserved.
After some explanations betweea Mr. Clat and
Mr. Buchanan, in which the former disclaimed
any offensive purpose in his remark on this sub-
ject, and said it had been uttered merely in a play-
ful manner, and was not intended to wound the
Senatot's feelings in the least; and, after Mr". Bpi
chakan had expressed himself entirely satisfied,
and that he was glad they were friends again-*
Mr. Buchaman proceeded as follows:
The Senator has informed me that I do cot
succeed in attempts at wit; and in this he is
doubtless correct. 1 am a plain man, and speak
right on that which 1 have to say. I think I can,
with equal justice, return his compliment. If I do
not suxeed at wit, he as rarely succeeds in argu-
ment. Atgument is as little his province as wit is
mine. He is eloquent, as we all knew, and saga-
cious; and, besides, he is the very best drill officer
that ever disciplined any party; but, in regard to
sound logic, or what he denominates "abstractions,"
he is not very famous.
Again: the Senator says that, when we make
war on ptiates, we dt> it without any previous de-
claration of war, and we may then cut and slash
the enemy as much as we plea e. This remark has
revealed to me a secret. I never before understood
the principles upon, which rte Whig party conduct-
ed the late Presidential campaign; and I must say
that, in practice, they carried out these principles
to admiration. Without making any declaration
of their creed, their forces did cut and slash at ns
with a vengeance, whilst they kept their courage
up by Tippecanoe songs and hard cider, and by log;
cabins ornamented with coon skins. They had been
so long accustomed to such revels, and they under-
stood the art of singing and shouting so well, that,
when, on the nisht of the veto, they insulted the
President of the United States at his own mansion,
by a riot of this description, they were only engaged
in their old voca'ien.
The honorable Senator has, with great power of
humor, and much felicity of description, drawn for
us a pic'.ure of the scene which he supposes to hare
been presented at the President's house on the ever-
memorable evening of the veto. It was a happy
effort; but, unfortunately, it was but a fancy sketch
__ai least so far as I am concerned. I was not there
at all upon the occasion. Bat, I ask, what scenes
were enae'ed on that eventful night at this end of
the avenue? The Senator would have no cause
to complain if I should attempt, in humble
imitation of him, to present a picture, true to
the life, of the proceedings of himself and his
friends. Amiast the dark and lowering clouds of
that never-to-be-forgotun night, a caucus assem-
bled in one of the apartment of this gloomy build-
in«r, and sat in melancholy conclave, deploring the
unhappy fate of the Whig party. Some rose, and
advocated vengeance; "their voice was still for
war." Oihers, nv re moderate, sought to repress
the ardent zeal of their fiery compatriots, and "ad-
vised to peace and prudence. It was finally con-
cluded that, instead of making open war upon Cap-
tain Tyler, they should resort to stratagem, and, in
the elegant language of one of their number, that
they should endeavor ''-to head" him. The ques-
tion was earnestly debated by what means they
coulJ best accomplish this purpose; and it was re-
solved to trv the effect of the "Fiscalily" how be-
fore us. Unfortunately for tbl- success of the
scheme, "Captain Tyler" was forewarned and fore-
armed, by means of a private and confidential let-
ter, addressed by mistake to a Virginia coffee-
house. It is by means like this that "enterprises
of great pith and moment" often fail. But so des-
perately int.-nt are the Whig party still on the cre-
ation of a Bank, that one of my frienls on this side
of the Horise told me that a Bank they would
have, though its exchanges should be made in
bacon hams, and its currency be small potatoes.
[Alausa.]                                        ,'                ,
The SeLicr has often lauded to the very echo
the Macedonian phalanx, as he terms them, in the
other House, and proposed their example as wor-
thy of our imitation. Now, sir, I never should
have made any reference upon this flror to the pro-
ceed ngs in that House, (which is contrary to all
Parliamentary rale,) had I not been driven to it by
the previous reraarks-of the Senator. Before Hea-
ven, I believe that the conduct of that phalanx, of
which the Senator seems so proud, forebodes the
