346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE^
Sept. 1841.
27th Cong.-.1st Sess.
Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
deblrucuon of ihs liberties of this country, unless
the sovereign people should frown it do am forever.
If the representatives of fifty thousand freemen can
be deprived of the right of speech by arbitrary rules
prescribed by a tyrannical majority, and the people
of the United States should tamely submit to such
a violation of their liberties in the persons of their
representative , then tbey will deserve to be slaves.
Let it once be fully known th'oughout the
country that those whom the people have se
lected to represent their sentiments ard their
interests in the other brarch of Congress, hare
been prevented from expressing their opi-
nions, and have been even denied the poor pri-
vilege of recording their votes on questions of the
last importance, and then, if their constituent 
should silently acquiesce in this usurpation, we
shall be subjected to the same tyranny with that
imposed upon Fiance bv Napoleon, when he or-
ganized his silent Legislative Council I d d not
believe that the House of Representatives had
been reduced to any such condition, until I read
the able letter upon the subject of a member from
South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett ] With that letter
in my hand, I would go into any Congressional
district of this. Union, and, humble as I am, I
should feel confident of obtaining the unanimous
voice of the people in condemnation oí such pro
ceedmgs as it describes. This question soars far
above all mere party distinctions. It ii one upon
Ihe decision of which depends ihe efficient exis-
tence ot our representative republican lorm of
government
The present bill to establish a Fiscal Corpora'ion
was hurried through the House wnh the telerny,
and, so lar as the Democracy iw concerned, wi h
the silence of de«p< tism. No Democrat had ¿n
opportunity of raiding hi* voice against it Under
the new rules in existence there, the majority had
predetermined that it "should pass that body withm
two days from Ihe commercment ot the discus
sien. At first, indeed, the determination was that
it should pass the first day, but this was too great
an outrage^and the mover wa  graciously pleased
to extend the time one day longer. Whilst the bill
was in Committee of the Whole, it so happened
that, in the struggle for the floor, no Democratic
member succecdcl in obtaining it, and, at the des-
tined hour ol four in the afcrnoi n of the second
day, the commute* io e, and all further debate
was arrested by the previous question. The vo ce
of thit great pany in this country to which I am
proud to belong, wa", theieforf, nevei heard
through any ot their lepr semativps in the House
agam&t this odious measure hut even one bnef
hour, the limit pre cnbed by ihe maj my to each
rpeaker, w¡s pianicl to any Dtmoc a ic memb i
But (he Democracy of ihe 1 wd .ire not only   de
prived of Ihe liberty ot speei h m ihe   persons ol
their Representativo,  but  these R< preventatives
are even denied the right of recording  their votp
on the ayes and noo, for «r against any amend
ment to any bill, u i'p*>  the  oajonty   plea e to
grant them this permisuon     U'ider t'i-  rule, the
ayes anl noes cannot be demanded in  Cimmitiee
of the Whole.    Every  amendmtnt offeied tit-rt,
which is disagr i able  to  the majimtv, i?   voted
down, without any responsibility ot the R pn en
tative to his constituents, because the nam<   ot th
voters are not recoided on the j urnil, and it is
impossible to renew any such amendment atiei the
bill has been reported to the Hou e,   o>xause, at
that very instant, the ga  ot the previ >us qucs ion
is applied, which cu ■? off all  frbate  and e\ er>
amendment   net   sanctioned   by   the committee
And this is the bright, ihe glorious example, which
the Senator from Kentucky has so olten  proposed
for the ímitati n ot the Senate of the United Slates '
But enough of this
The Senator, wnh his u ual tact and skill, has
seized upon a playful remark of mine in reply to
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Abciigb] over the
way—that, although I did not know at present
what might be the opinions of Mr. Tylc, vet I
hoped this might not long be the ci*e Upon this
feeble foundation, the Senator, with that command-
ing eloquence which is ever ready, has indulged
himself m declaring that John Tyler would be
guilty of the most atrocious treason, should he be
willing to desert his own party, and ally himself
with the Democracy; and in. that event he has ex-
pressed the confident belief that we would be too
honorable to receive him into our ranks Now,
sir, if the i vowed opinions ot Mr. Tyler's whole
life be, as they are, in diametrical opposition to
those of the Senator, what course is he to pursue
Must he abandon bis long .cherished principles,
merely because they are identical with those of the
Democratic party? And is he to be denounced as,
a traitor for this merecoincdeaceoí'opinioa'í This
would indeed be unjust vengeance No man of
the Democratic party, to my knowledge, either ex-
pects or desires office or hon r at ins hands I will
t«ll the honorabla feeriutc r, however, what we do
intend, although we have studiously kept our elves
aloof from all interference with the President, and
from every at'emp to influence hisconduct Sw far
as his measure , shall be in cjnformity with our
principles, we shall give them a cordial and zealous
support Should the Senator, in utter violation,
as «e believe, cf the Constitution, a-jain at'empt
to establish a Na íonal Bank, with the privilege of
spreading itsbranches thioughou' the Uaicn,and
thus, by concentrating ihe money power, to cor-
rupt the land, and should the Piesident again and
asain conscientiously veto such a dangerous mea-
sure, we -hall be ever íeady to yield him our sup-
pott in a cause «o r ghteous. Whatever the Sena-
tor may think ot us, wt shad chew him on in the
path ot duty w th "Well done, good a>id faithful
servant," you have redeemed your country from
an institution in deadly hostility both to. the spirit
and letter of our fojm ot government. And will
the Whigs charge him with tieason for ihis7 The
id-a of falsehood is alwajs involved in that of
treason, and they nevei can succeed m branding a
man as a traitor for adhering to the well-known
principles of his whole life.
The Senator expects that President Tyler will
approve this bill If he docs, he will then render
himself f< rever infamous. His name will be the
scorn and ridicule of one party, and the contempt
of the other No, he will never do it Destiny
his left him but one course to pursue as an honest
man, and that is to go straight ahead and fearlessly
perform his duty He cinnot now .turn back
without disgrace and dishonor If he shall pur ue
this course, a vast majouty of the American people
of all pnlitieal pirtiis w u award to htm the merit
if ha/ing sacrinml al! hi-; personal feelings, aid
encoun ered the fionns of many ol his ancient
friends, from a sacied regard to the Cons'itution
and welfare of hi, country. This will be Ins re
•ward He will then ^tand forever in a niche of ihe
lemple of Fame, associated wi h those pare and
exal ed p tritts who have sacrificed all selfish con-
sideran >ns to sa\e iheeountry
Ai for our party, we warn nei her patronage nor
p iwer, from John Tyler. We shall give him a
literal anl manl ^uopor  whenever we believe he
deservís it Let all th-- o/hces anda 1 th« honors
be fnven, with our hcariy consent, to tho^e who
elidid him
Whe-i I ros- n reply, Ithad intended to rccipn-
cate th kinlop-s of the S iuor, anl makes a
spte h to the Wb g p lucm In hm, ash has
don  i  the Pre i l>n> for pip It wi m" pu po'e
ts- h,i/< pre en td ti th S nitt a f>mt imititnn
if what I eorjceUr he must have sad on thit
night ot i row axt gl >om I think I fen >w the
S nitoi wp 1 enoi gn to imagine jn.it neb a spi eeh
>s he mu Ihiie m->de uno" iha1 ccca u n But I
forbear It niM have bee i both eloqu< ut and
efliient.for I bel eve, "i my s ml, thitnoo'her
drill-officer in ckk enee coul I have reaminatei his
dispirited anl seittered forces, and agam
brought them up to the charge m «olid column,
to sustain such a thing as this ' Fiscal Corpora-
tion."
Mr CALHOUN said he had been aware of the
previously expressed opmions of President Tyler
in regard to a former distribution bill But there
could b= nothing inconsistent with those opinions
should he veto that which had just been sent to
him. The report alluded to bad been made many
years ago, at a time when there was a large surplus
in the Treasury, which lay like an incubus upon the
Government. The Distribution bill at that time, too,
had been limited to five years, besides other points
in which it differed from that just passed. This
had passed when there was corfessedly a deficit of
revenue, when the Government was under the ne-
cessity of borrowing, and when high taxes were be-
ing laid on the necessaries of life to supply Ihe wants
of the Tiea*ury Now, waiving all questions as to
the constitutionality of such a bill, (on wh ch, how-
ever, he totallyldisasreed with he Sena tor from Ken-
tucky,) on the point oi us expetiency the difference
between them was as broad as the distance between
east and we*t. The President mi°ht veto th" bi'l
on the simple ground of its inexpediency, for never
was any measure more inexpedient. Tne Picsi
dent, then, in entne consistercy with all his previ-
ous declarations, had it perfectly withm his option
to «ign the bill or not Besides, there was a reser-
vation in his recommendation of such a measure
in hn message, viz- that it should not violate the
compromise; but who could believe that such must
not be the effect of if! for, by the most prepos e-
rous of all anangements, the Senate had passed
the distribution bill before the revenue bill. Ac-
cording to the Senator'^ own showing, he could dis-
pense with the duty on tea and coffee. So, if the
President signed the distribution bill, hi" would not
only give away the proceed, of the public lands,
but would at the same time violate the compro-
mise.
But the Senator denied that the issue is now be-
tween the old Federal and Democratic parties. Mr.
C woald appeal to any gentleman at all acquaint-
ed with oui histoiy, whether such measures as
funding the public debt, enacting a high protective
tariff, and extravagance in appropriation, were not
the true destructive measures of the old Federal
party?—and whether the object of this extra session
had not been to revive that system, in opposit on
to that of the old Republican parly? The Senator
had asked whether that party had ever been the
advocates ot Executive power? Mr C. replied,
never And tucy now opposed the Senator's mea-
sutes beeause they were all designed to augment
that power. The constitutional power of the Pre-
sident never wa? or could be formidable, unless it
was accomppmed by a Congress wh ch was pre-
pared to corrupt Ihe Constitution. The Senator,
while he professed to make war on patronage,
was, in reality, laying the foundation for it, deep
and strong.
The veto power had always been advocated by
the prominent men of the Democratic party. And
so far from being monaichical in Us ch?racter, it
was, on the contrary, the most popular of ail the
constitutional powers It was the instrument pro-
vided for stopping a dominant majority, wh°n it
was disposed to vk la e the Constitution Ii had al-
ways been exeici ed by Republican Presidents
never by those in lavor ot Federal doctrines Ii ihe
President d sired to secure for himself stiength, let
him put bis veto boih on the Bank an 1 D stnbution
bills If be did this, the Whig parly would be as
power e s as an infant As to ihe few rema ung
mea ures, there would be nothing to fear lo veto
su h a bill as the D st íbuton bi 1, Ton d be a
w< rk wo th doing The President was bound to
lo )k at t le question ot i xpeel ency, and he owed it
to ne C H--Í Union ¿nd to himst If t ipt> hsveocn
bin mea ure If he dd this, Mr C doped ho
would receive a firm, steady, unwavering npport
Aftf r some remark■> Irom Mr Walker, n o, pe-
Miioi to the bill—
Mr RIVES remaiked, wcdi very gieat warmth
of indignation, on tie impropriety and unpar la-
mentaiy character of the debat-, which, d scussmg
the probab'e action, not yet known of aeo ordma e
department of the Government, he consideied as
out of all character Mr R. complained, more es-
pecially, of the strong terms of denunciation hypo ,
thetically emplo>ed by Mr Clay, and wh.ch Mr.
R understood to be conditioned on the President's
sending a second veto.
Mr. CLAY den>ed tbr°; and reminded Mr R.     ¡
that they «ere conditioned on the President forsak-
ing his party, and going over to the Loco Focos.         i
Mr. RIVES said he was glad to hear this; and
j he should hold the Senator to his explanation.            i
