S82___________________        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________August, 1841;
27th Cong—-1st Sess.____________Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Shields.                                       H. of Reps^
uniformity in the currency, of the derangement of
the exchanges, and of the general prostration of
credit. Time, labor, and economy, are the only reme-
dies for this disease.
Bat we are told that this process of restoraUon
and relief is too dilatory, if not uncertain; that there
is a nearer and more approved way for the pursuit
and accomplishment of these great objects. The
bill which passed this House on yesterday, incor-
porating a Bank with enlarged and national powers,
is presented to the country as being calculated to
afiord an infalliole re.;iedy for the evils we com-
plain of. Is it true that ihi country is to be re-
lieved by such means?   Lat us reason the case.
Will this Bank, when established, grant indul-
gent loans and accommodations to the debtors to
the local banks?   If so, !hs time would not be tar
distant when, to the thousand instances we have
already had, there would be added another on a
grand scale of bank failure.   The late Bank of the
United States attempted, in the commencement of
its operations, to pursue this policy; and by it was
brought to the very verge of bankruptcy aad ruin.
Ios'ead of being relieved, ih; country was plunged
still deeper in debt, and the evils that were at-"
tempteit to be remedied aggravated a hundred fold.
If tnis Bank is to be managed in a way to accom-
plish the purposes comemplated in its insütution,
(which, permit me !o remark, are as far above its
power to accomplish as heaven is above earth,) it
will be the studious object of its care to avoid all
connection with the debtor classes.    Loans to the
debtor classes will prove unavailable in a time of
seed; they will be so much of  the capital cf the
Bank sunk for the time being, for the accommoda-
tion of the borrowers; and such a policy would be
wholly incompatible with the duties of ti-.e Bank in
keeping itself always in a condition to redeem its
paper and preserve the soundness of its credit.
Managed with a view to sustain its own credit and
supremacy, the  resalí  of its  practical operations
must be to aggravate ihe embarrassments of the
debtor classes; to circumscribe the credit and ope-
rations of ths State banks; to diminish the amount
of the circulating  medium  of ths country, and
reduce the wages of labor and prices of property
even below the spec.e standard.   The effec's cf
such a polky, connected  with  the effects of the
bankrupt law which it is proposed to pass at tnis
session, may be attended «Mb, ihe most disa^trou;
consequences; may  convulse  the country, under-
mine tfee interests, and  blight the hopo?,  of thou-
sands of unsuspecting men.    And  yer, sir, if (he
Bank should pursue a condary policy—should ex-
ercise liberality and indulgence m íis discounts to
individua^, and in its relations with local banks, in
the present uncertain condition of credit and of in-
dividual   and   corporate   responsibility—it   could
scarcely avoid a catastrophe fatal to itself, and the
very interests it might endeavor  to sustain    In
almost any event, be it ever so wise, ever so pore,
so unlike all oilier creatures of its kirn', ail other  •
examplars which have gone before  it, and g..ne  I
the way of all flesh, it will fail, signally fad, in the
accomplishment of the great purpose  contempl ned
in its establishment.    Whenever the Hay oí final
relief arrives,  the day which will brins; with it
the bles-Mngs of a sound currency, a uniform sta-
ble standard of value, and disenthralinent from
the bondage of debt, there will remain not ¡he ¡-ha
dow of a doubt as to what the true means nf relief
may have been.   Time will prove those means to
have been a happy change in ¡he moral habi s
of the people—a change of habits of extravagance,
prodigality, luxury,  and their g'eat at endaot le-
vers, financial qunckery and fraud, for the simple,
but high and noble, virtues of tco&omy, honest
labor, frugality, t.nd industry.   This Bank, if it
Ei*y not itself have foundered upon the shadows
and rocks thst lie athwart ;t- pat1?, and thus post-
poned the period of final deliverajce and liberty,
will sill be regarded as having performed an in-
considerable, if not unworthy,  part in the great
reform.    The prodactive energies of the country,
liquidating debt at home and abroad,  pouring into
foreign markets the rich fruit's of our labor, and
yielding in return a full stock of the precious me-
tals, by which alone the currency can be restored
and the regular operations of trade and business
promoted to prosperous action, will be acknow-
ledged and regarded as having afforded the only
substantial means of relief.
But, ?ir, let us rp.ke a li'tle nearer view of the
operationsof thisBaok, as regards their connection
with and bearing upon the currency. The history
of the laie Bank of the United States, whose capi-
tal was §35,000,000, will materially aid us in ibis
view. I tind in the same document to which I
have already referred, the following table, exhibit-
ing annual statements of the condition of that
Bank from the year 1817 to the year 1840, the
three last of which were years embraced within the
period of its recharter by the State of Pennsylvania:
the currency, that the manner m which the pow-
ers of this institution were exercised to that end, as
exhilittd by this table, should be thoroughly un-
derstood. The different item,-, of this table were
taken from the quarterly returns made by the
Bank to the Treasury Department, under the re-
quisitions of lis charier; and from it we perceive
that the annual average amount of the notes
issued and kept in circulation during the last quar-
ter of its existence under its national ¿barter, was
more than four hundred per cent, greater than the
annual average amount issued and kept in circu-
lation during the fir;t quarter, or in the proportion
ol #19,699 507 to $4,994,186; and that the same
amount was more thr.n three hundred per cent.
greater than the annual average account during the
second quarter, or in the proportion of $19,699 507
to $6 026 059; and nearly one hundred per cent.
great-r thin ¡be annual average of the 'hir'l quar-
ter, or in the proportion of §19,699,507 to
111,896,430.
Sir, will it be denied—can it be denied—that the
extraordinary increase in the amount of the paper
thrown into circulation by this Bank during the
last five years ot its existence under its national
charter, was the .cause—the great first controlling
cause—of the extraordinary expansion that took
place in the bank note circulation of ihe country
in the year 1836?—an effect uhich was most erro-
neously attributed to the measures of Gen. Jack-
son's adminiM:ation.
In order that a full view of th  whole truth mr.y
be taken, I beg leave to refer to aroiher table m
the same document, headed "A condensed state-
ment of the condition, at different periods, of all
the banks of the United States."
in this ;a. le ihe ¿mount of bunk paper in circu-
lation in 1830 is represented to have bten
§61,323,898
In 1836   ....    140,301,038
In 1837   ....    149,185,890
The increase of the paper circulation from 1830
to 1837, (which period includes the last rise years
of the operations of the United States Bank under
its charter by Cngrets,) was within a fraction of
one hundred and fifty par cent.   Will it be pre-
tended that the population, business, trade, indus-
try, or the real htuiness wants  of the country for
money, increased in such a ratio during this pe-
riod?   No, sir.   Why, then, this extraordinary in-
crease in the amount of bank paper in circulation?
Could it have resulted from any other than moiives
From tuts tabic we perceive that the annual
average amount of paper which this Bmk tras en-
abled to keep in circulation durng the five jears
ei.dicg with ihe year 1821, which was the first
five years or qaarttr of its existence,  amounted
l°            "                                        #4,994,186 40
Annual average amount for th 
five years endingi with 1826, the
second quarter             -           .     6,026 059 60
Annual average amount during the
five years ending with 1831, the
ihird quarter   -           ■           .    11,896,430 80
Annual averase amount during the
fine years terminaiinz with its
national charter in 1836, the last
quarter of its existence            -    19,699 507 80
It is due to the country, ar.d most especially to
that large and respectable proportion of the peop'e
who honestly believe that a National Bank ought
t-„ be established, with a view to the regulation of
