460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jwly, 1841.
27th Cong-"-1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Habersham.
II. of Reps.
In 1838, ihe tree goods rather exceeded the whcle
impart, tn" naif, or 60 to 113
In 1839  tncy ra   er f-H    b rt one half o   72 t
157     (Se  Secre vy'srepir, 1 r   shoo 26 a Con-
gress, Oof No   3, tsúus F and G )
Now, after 1842, if the duties, with the addittcn
of those on silks, wines, and teas, would not cover
expenses, wou,d they censent to a duty of 20 per
cent or any per cent on articles used in their ma-
nufactures? He thought he might safely answer
that they would not But if the manufacturers in
the Eastern States were to do it, would the iron
interests?
The best evidence we cou'd have on that point
was the f«U that, not withstanding the higher rate
oi duties now, they weio calling for an iucrea*e of
duties for 'he protection of the iron business. If
that was so, whnt wouid be the rp-ulf2 A compro-
mise «gam, not on the principle o the firuer com-
promise, that a revenue should be raised only uf
ficient to cover the necessary expend'tures of the
Government, but, availing themselves of the con-
cession that sufficient revenue should be provided
to cover the expenditures, the expenditures would
he increased beyond the necessary amount, in order
to create a deficiency to be supplied by an increase
in ths rate of duties. Thus wasteful expenditure
would necessarily draw after it a high tariff Thus
all the advantages of a high protection wou'd be
gained without the name of a proactive tanff.
But I ask the gentlemen of the iron interest
whether a high duty on iron wou d benefit them?
Let them reflect what would be the result of a high
duty, whether called protective or not Tne same
results would follow, which would be produced in
the cotton manufactures The mountains of (he
South abound in iron ore of the best quality, and
11 water power which can be had for almost noth
ing. On the West of those mountains coal abound ,
on the East, exten ive pine forests, readily con
verted into charcoal, and probab'y m neril coal in
abundance, but, as far as Georgia i-. cc-crn ■>,
not yet discovered In my own county there is
already an iron foundry, in which I have a small
interest, supplying the country with cas'ings of
every description, and now i f the b st q lahtv,
machinery of all kind , bai-ron, ¡>nd, indeed, nl-
most every thing usually pr< dnced at such esiab
lishments On the lands jf iht company is the
greatest abundance of fine water power, iron ore,
the proper sand ioi moul' ig, limestone, and sand-
stone for the furnacs, all within the compás ot
three or four mile^. I Mention this merely <i in
evidence of what may be found «ilonir the whole
line of the Blue Ridge, anil wain the iron into
rests of the North ot ¡he compelí ion which a I iph
duty would at ontecvcite throu hout all that r>co
and healthy region. I tear, ho evei, t at ge itie-
men will not irofii by this warnirg, but pie«s on
for high protective duties
I would ask of the advocates of t le  bill whether
they will faiihfulh pi 'ge ihemailo-s anil these they
represent, if this bill passes, and the proceeds < f the
lands are distributed, to keep do?/n theexpenli
tures to the income produced in top way an'1 at the
rate proposed by the Secretary of the Titasury,
and be content with no hisher duty on any one ar-
ticle  than  twenty  percent?   It  they wi 1, I am
ready to meet thtm.    But I know they will no'
The iron mtere t < f the North u already crving for
protection.    If they will not keep tne cp nj tures
as low as the income, then, hav rg pai ied  wnh th •
proceeds of the public land, we must  increase tne
duties, for there will be no oihcr s mroe ot revenue
remaining worth  ment onmg, a' J 'his b il wil oe-
aome the foundation of a ne-manent hfh protec-
tive tariff, and he asked gen knun (rom   th*" f rm
ing and planting interests, no meltei   in what «ec
tion of the Union they   resided, ' nether ibey weie
willing to lay  <uc   a  foun latum for hi?h duties?
whether or not they we-e  preparen to -ut-vjret their
people to a permanent high tariff?    if they   were,
he was not willing to subject h s people to it     He
was not  willing, sy giving ihs  paltry proceed of
the sales  of the   public  'and=, (for  th"  smre of
Georgia, distributed anion? her wmle populate n,
would notamojnt to twenty fivj cents each annu-
ally,) to create the danger onun the risk of sub
jtcing his people to  a   high tariff.   He would
not consent to it for sach aniens of poiiage Wculu
th  olan'irg interest any wb^e? H hop d not
Whet ¿oi H he He 'esul of 'he t1'-* rioutio.
Tne nun ma u actur i g S.i es \ioud rete.ve t^e
proceed , and pay them bacr into theT ea,ury in
nigh additional duties The manufacturing S ates
would do the same thing, but they would gam ihe
whole benefit of a high protection on their industry
at home The non-manufacturing Sates, there-
fort, had nothing to ftcm, whil t the manufacturing
States would gain, at all event*, th s great, decided
advantage. This alone ought to induce those who
epresented the farming and planting interests here
to scrutinize this bill closely before they voted in
favorofit. If they were wiHmg to bear a high
tariff, he was no ¡ nor was he williog, for himself
and his constituents, to risk vuch a result.
But the gentleman from Maryhn 1 had said tha'
he pressed th „ as a State Right-, m-asjre He (Mr.
H ) would say, from such a Sta e Rights d ->o nne,
the Lor' deliver him He had been a State Rights
man, he had fought the battles ot State Rights
both ,n his own State and South Carolina. He had
gone hand in hand with the State Rights party,
whtrever it had existed, all his life and be would
ask any true State Rights man h hether this was a
State Rights measure? Could that be a Sia'e right
which was a mere matter of expediency, winch
depended on th  will of Congress wheiherit «hou d
be exerc sel or n I3 Fh s distribution was not a
permanent thing, Congress could will ir, sml Cor-
gress could wiihro d it. What was this bu mak-
ing the Stites dependent upon t'ie will of Cou-
gies-, and supphar " at the feet of Congress? He
asked the gentlemm from Maryland whether he
was willing to pUi e his own glorious State, thf>
blood of whose t it z3ns had man ired the fields of
Eutaw and Camden, and who had so galkntlv de-
fended the nig of iheir ronntry m the walk of
Port MoHenry—whether h¿ was willing to place
such a S'ate m this humil atirg attitude? He (Mr
H) thought that th genilei,-  , if h-> refitcx 1
Will f n the ifftc s to bo produt ed on ti e in rén-
dense of his ov n S ate would himself withdraw
his support from this bill
There was one portion of th  gentleman's re-
marks which h? (M EI ) had deeply rcgre ted, and
he cmld not but think t1 at, in his enthjsiasr ¡t tie
gen leman had been < atntd funher toan he in-
tended to go. H> (Mr H ) alluded 'o th>  part of
tie gentleman's r mark, m whico he nferre I to tKe
Tab net to to.- number of 'tip I a its for clic ', and
to the hca K of Departm nt , situng like demigods
upon 111 a throne, and tr <Uwg wnh contempt the
humble appucints Now, for his oivi part, be
would «ay that 1 e In! never seen a Ca nr.et more
'laishtt trfrrl ban this
[Mr vV C Ji hns in aid thi', by the permis-
•l n of thegcnt'emín, ^Mr. Haeer iia-a ) hewould
place hs (VIi J\) *ema'ks in a t U'po-." <n, thit
( roneous inferí nees may not be dra * n trotn them.
He hal in h s (Mr J> spe eh made no personal
attack, nor ('d be think o chargu g corruption on
any ofhft r ot the Government He spoke c the
po«er ol ih  Execulive, and i's ta*<t influence
He hat allu 'cd to ihe pa¡,t Execntve as v^ell as to
tm, pie'ent, and the remb rs tt this committee
were no iioubt a we'l impressed with the tru«h of
his rtma' ks a* him "If He spoke of the h a !s ot
Departments to show wh«t influence they rould
each wield by patanage And ih=ir mcieas-J and
mceasmg pa'rtnage made those who were
intended !o be m'eaor sun ra rate cffi"ers
ot Governmen , no v caressej, and J^iiy ¡,0.
It-'ted 'or favo  , as if ihey > ere mimic P/e-
Mdeat=. N r did it ever eitei his mmd to at-
tack the noUves of those '-h > wi Ued tbi, power,
or v ho received i s benefits. He should idy mmk
of doing that v'vn occasion ma'e it nece sarj.
So far from changing the presout Ex^ctave wnh
excess o1 u,eol tnis dispensing povvei, he be'ieved
he fell, as j et, far short of public expectau n on
it is subj<-c , and if I e ( Vtr J ; hai any ot mion on
that subject, it was that tne heads, of Departments
were too tardy in realizing the wisies of the publ c
on this subject It was on  thing to speak of power
centering in the Executive—it was another to
charge abu-e ot the exetcise of the power He
|| said, or, if he did not, ne would now say, that it is
most liable to abuse whenever cabinet officers as-
pire to h'gh r5"tti< n«.]
Mi hjs.nn.M o i uei He pis hsrpv *o
hav rfi ncu n f , tir-nan sn oppor urn y of
making tne cxp anati^n, not hat h* (Mr. H ; dt-
sired it, but that there were always those who were
ready to misrepresent s atements ihat were made
here. And to show the gentleman that he (Mr
H ) d'd not do his injustice, he would read from
his own no'es the pnci^e sentiment vt'"ich he had
intended to express at the time the ger leman inter-
rupted him for the purpose (f explana nn It was
this: "I am sure he merely meant it as a picture of
wha' miaht le,not what is." Such, however, was
the construction which the remarks of the gent'e-
man might be nnde to bear. He cons dered that
gentlemsn is str« ghtforward and honest as the
very cab net of wm h he wa about to speak And
not only aid he so ^op ider him, but lie considered
him to bt- as ws.m a friend of th?t cabinet as he
(Mr. H ) mmself was. So far as he could judge,
the (nly object wh c i that cabinet had uve  was
to do justice to 'he perp e and lo 'he Stafps—not to
oisplpy their power tr to exercise it improperly.
Let them con'mue thst cour e, and they would
find m him as warm a support-r as he knew they
would in his friend from Maryland.
The sreat argument which had been relied on
here andel es here in supoort of th s bill, and a bill
on ihe same subject in reduced into the Senate dar-
ing the last Congress, by, I belie re a distinguished
S nator from South Carolina, is, that if we ot the
old S ales did not take our share of the lands now,
the new States tn which they lie would soon take
all I deny the power of the new States to do this
now, nor is it prooable that th<-y ever wnl possess
the pot er to Co it Uuuer the census lajely taken,
the nine Slates in which public lands now are, will,
in ih  next Corgress, hold but lit'le more than one
fourth of the wnole vote of this House By ihe
next census, O no will cease to hate anv public
lands wi h n her 1 mus and will have of couise no
o her mtercst in the lands than the old Slates. In-
il ana next will be 11 line siiup'it, «o tiat th 
8 a es hivmf any m-t enal qunrityof therubiie
lauds within their li nits will i ^/er probably have a
m>jority on this ft or Butevenif n the lapse of
time such maj ray were attained, I have too much
conft ene* m their jeshce and magnanimity to en-
tinpaie tu h exerctst, of potser
The gentleman ftom Marylan 1 has site' tnat tí e General Oo
detriment had taken t its-elf all the revenue ofthe countiy Irom
ciibt urs and the pioceeds ofthe sa ts of the public lands
True hut lot whatt What dunes had the General Government
todibChaige? what expenses to incur' b le I ad (o pay ihe ex
penses of the wh >le defence of the routi ly nava! and military,
cf our f rusn nrgo lalltn^ c f ot x lud an wats, ( f lh° adminia
trallon of oil our mtertal revenue IS w he (Mi H) would
s^ that, whenetei the reven i es derived from these sou tees
wert. more thin sullcientto meet the expenditures give [hem
in theS3tue<i And onothti an9vver wa*. t!s it if the General Go
veinment wmted tevtnue and we took it from the General Go
vemmert and gave it to the States, then the Maes must be
taxed to make up (1 e deficiency
lie ha 1 dtnc what he could to warn the farming pnl planting
ínteres s a atnst the pastaje of tils till He would conclude
by g vi s t > the Stt tos in which the land la) the warning of
one wh > e od h gh m the confidence of the Weal, and for this
pupo^ehe(Ur '1 ) weul read the fill wing extract from a
reí o t adebyMr Wickliffe as elm man of the Committee on
Public Linds [Vil lepoits of theHouoe Conimi tees, Istse* 
22d Cong doc iNo 448 p 6 ]
So long as Congress r tall retain the r ght and power of le
gi=la ii g over ihs subject, and the proceeds arism  from the
public lands srnll be regarded as national tieaatne oi revenue,
u d not the individual proi erty of the «epira e biaies it may
be hope diat an er njitened an 1 liberal pthcy will be pttaued,
when the Stttesshall each have a, vested interest separate and
oiaunct that pjlicy which will be < a eulate i toconvertthese
lands into the most t nney to ineiease the annual dividend of
tne seve al Sacs wiU be pursued tegardless of the wantsor
con iition of be Miles n which they lie
The Repie^e tattvea in f n^t" s from the o I Mates, con
stitutirg a i ajority liíítcnced by a tt ire to make this fund
lasun0 aid prfitablefci ^tata purpocec to enlarge tn*1 divt
end o thet, re peenve Stale*, to exhibit ¡n bt It relief on
th°lr aan i al or ble total return to tl eo c nstttuents, the count
less thousands wrung from the new States for the purpose of
le sening the bnrdenom th  old, will stay the progress oí sur
veytng the public lands All that are eurv-ied must be said—
in ist be forced upo i (he emigrant Public lands will be sold,
but they will be of manor quality The tide of emigration
a t the npintof enterpusewdl bechecked donations to the tne
ritormus settlers, to the new states for \ ublic improvement,
will no longet be made pie empttons m favor of the
hotiest and mdustitouspioneeis of the Weetwill be denied a
told cate latine sotdtl and selfish policy must and will mflu
ence the members of Congress m all luture legislation upon
this suoject "
I hctve done, and thank the committee for the
indulgence which has been extended to me.
