August, 1841.                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QjLOBfei.____________________   40fc
27th Cong.......1st Skss.                                 jfaaj Bank—Mr. Ingersoll.     ~~~"               ______________H. of Reps.
the bsast in Apocalypse, a most hideous strange
thing—
If shape it might be called wkich shape hath none,
Or substance might be called that shadow seemed;
For each seemed either   black it stood as night,
Fiercaas ten furies, terrible as hell.
To organize such a huge national dramshop or
disiillery of in'oxica'ing poison, because there are
a thousand State distilleries to be controlled by it,
will be the grand climacteric of national infatua-
tion and decline.
I abstain from many economical considerations
suggesting themselves while submitting these muca
abridged political views. The age of banks is
over. With all our boasted improvements we
must go back to the simple wisdom of our forefathers
—to that of the hard money founders of the Con-
stitution—to something like the Independent Trea-
sury—Bank divorced from State, and seated en the
rock ol preciou. metals: in what precise form, is,
I hold, not very ímpor'ant. But all else is futile.
With this brief explanation oí my humble expe-
rience, it is my intention, Mr. Chairman, to pub-
lish a copious appendix ot historical and other
ascertainment, which I have prepared, to show
that money must be made of metal, and the ca-
lamities which attend attempts at paper capital.
Satan, described by Milton's magnificent imagina-
tion, going from heli into chaos, and seemg death
and sin at the gates, as the latter is portrayed in
the lines I just quoted, leaves hell-hounds creeping
out and in tha bowels ot the other formidable
shape, to kennel there; atd the long suffering Ame-
rican people, with their Saxon good sense, ia a
chaos of banks, produce vermin of ornamented
paper to gnaw their inwards. Bat healthy circu-
lation, sound repose, and vigorous life, we never
shall enjoy while, for the natural functions ef the
precious metals, are substitituted the empyneal ex-
citement of fatal stimulants, wmrh I cannot speak
of as I think without giving ohVce
The consti1" íotial ques'ion mí n.uch vexeJ, ap-
pears to mj tti be absorbed, devoured, in the deep
whirpooi oí impolicy which I have rndea -ored
faintly to expose. It is idle to argue hecjns'itii-
tionality oí the thousand S ate ba'ika . hi h have
riveted then jokes upon our tif-clc. Sj 1 cannot
discover that ¡art of the Felerat C *ns i'ution,
either Hit ral or consirujiwe, whici anihonz^s a
corporation; and that was the queiiu n on which
Jefferson sud Hamil on eitrcHed their giant
minds inciirba' uncer Wa hingtoi'--, um ír.-g-,
Tne qnestun was Corporation, not Bank Corp >
ra'e entity, Hamiko i conf-ud- \ was sha legi'iou -
tuNprmg ot the power to erjoy tue ronvenif-nce ot
a Bank. A soveregnty m*y always bank, s-a d
he, and therefore incorporate (or that parno^e.
To discover any part of alt th.s in oir Govern-
ment, I never could. But, while everyone mmt
judge for himself, I own my ho tabic judg-
ment rebik i.l and ov<_'co-.e, by the force
ot sant^o"/, mhich vindicates 'h s ocii t rower.
I doubt the poser o> i corponuon ever
by Sta e legislation, wuh-u' exprés constitu-
tional authunzatioj—a mu tifaction ot Fe 'eral
legislation. But cm bono m/ feeb e negative
when of our ten Presidents not one as P,esid>rt
has deme 1 this power, and every on , wveore,
acquiesced m it? What t,,e preset t Pw-iipot will
think remain*, to be known Jefferson, a-, Sec-
tary of Sta'e, a-d as pliLs-jp-er, repudiated ihe
a-.sampi.on, an! Mr Van Burea ps candidate for
the Presidescy, oat a^ President, not c.e of all
the illustrious line of Chief Magistrates, mo-it of
whom affirmed the Bank positively. Of the twelve
Secretar e? of the Treasaiy, including Mr. Tan-^y
and Mr. Woodbury, I cjnn t find one who has
denounced the con-titutionality. To saj nothing,
then, of judicial, legislative, popular, and almost
universal acknowledgment, thi-s mere Executive
sanction, with usage, common law, and adhesion
of communities, reduce* me to silence; while to
all others I concede the perfect right of judgment,
denying, as I do, the right of any authority to bind
me as a law-maker, by passive obedience, to any
exclusive jurisdiction. Cons'itu'ionah.}, however,
sinks to insignificance before the mighty expediency
ia question; and never, with a clearer conviction
of right, could I vote against a measure than that
embodied in. the bill, which, entitled an act to in-
corporate the subscribers to a fiscal bahk of the
United States, organizes an unwieldy and over-
shadowing Treasury Bank, um'ed with Govern-
ment, divorced Irom ciin, ¡>nd, as I deem it,fraught
with nothing but public and private detriment.
The ever-teeming wealth oi this diversified coun-
try, long retarded and perplexed by fiscal and bank
experiments, and suspended now, awaiting the mea-
sures of this extraordmaiy legislation, needs but to
be let alone to restore, regulate, and multiply
itself. From Hamilton's first bold Treasury order
t) take bank notes, down to this moment, the pro-
ducts and the money of the United State*, have
never been left to their own self-government, but
alwtjs ih*art d by one experiment or another.
They are now. at la *, vhere ihty were at first;
and all tb j need is to be left there, not forced
again to follow «-o. e leader^ car ,n the ruts of re-
gulation. A National Bank cai do nothing at
first but e'moairass and distress, tnough it may
afterwards usurp the merit ot produei-is: the pros
penty wh ch is ready and forthcoming, Bank or no
Bank. Having, under the force of a g fat crisis,
of habit, and ot imposing authority, supported the
second National Bank, which was a wide depar-
ture from the principles of the fir t, can I con-
sistently vote for this illegitimate issue of that stable?
a Treasury paper Bank? a vast broker's shop?  No
APPENDIX,
INTENDED TO SKETCH A HISTORICAL VIEW OF AMERICAN MONEY
The numberless at'empts contrivmces, and (Xpenmen-i,
governmental ,ind individual, in ihrs country more rhan any
other, with the cuirency, all resolve them*e!\es into ote q les-
non, which is, whether panel is better than minerals foi a err
culating medium Such is the re-suit to which apiat tical con-
sideration of the subject comes In the following sketch it is
pr ,posed, therefore, instead of disquisition and speculation, *o
present'he reality as events Usui;, w th no moie reasoning
than to connect, explain, and systematise the whole historical
review
Since Rome conquered most of tie worll, and the great
pride of eastern emp'tes ¡ lied h three vast mpnls s have
been given to m i le n agita! i n eich n eiemi otan I in era as
m ich as gunpiwdei in tl e ar. ol wrr the strong d nuts Vvi h
which soldiery and pcoplesare inebtnted, ¡Mper money with
whrehGive rrme'i s and natl irisare stimulated, and sieam, -ry
which wind  and soace aie ©vet ome, and h mispheies ap
proximate! Thb usiover> ol Ainenca of priii'inti, and ihe
mai mei 's compás , wi rught ot mol e nnpor ant revolutions in
the win id
Soon afler Sou h Amenran mines g r-ally increased the
stock of pteuotts met. a pipea m ney sucn ede ' ihe primitive
substitutes oí North Amen an c  i i iss (or c in s^i daids of
sates Aseatly aslGli, hall ac mi iv b--ore Puin to >k ( hiree
of Pennsylvania, the colony of Mw r u et s e t.bf'shed a
minf, at vvmcli sm ill pieces of silver, bearngllio niaae )r a
Dine tree, were coined, whicn circu' tied for thirty years in
INewEnghnt Terr y eai s afterw irdb in 1612 Maryland passed
in tinexet uled lawfoi en ahllshlnil a mint Ilur Ihe earlv Ens-
hshseirleis ot tiiHro mneiit w-rntln s foi the most part even
iron, copper, or leal, pub^ntiif-d cor i, tobicco and skin?, as
luoi expedients firmones, <~i(\ no' ',ly fixt 1 pt crs by law,
but tn dtfF rent provinces d ífeient va ttr-s on the same coins, as
a few a^p ared Meropihran GiveinmenA me! 10 coiled
these inconvenience , whirti ecu riu'd h ,wc^er, till act-of
Conrtrees of tbeU tied Slates t i'rodti e 1 ror rh firs t'me m
the denomrnations of mnnty de tmal standirls hy meta^,
porsua t to constitutional ^j mcucp, m di i na iinal mint lor
tile r coinage and seignnra re Lon; ftei thf I iKiish copper
penny dmppenre Horn the Unite 1 ~, ites,sup«r-ede 1 hy Ame
r cm cents small ne\yspipeis sold fn c<n s aie mis,ca'h 1 pen
nv pappis oy lore olcol „n it h-i'nr, p't I t iveteriie Ametinn
lliliryof ih>m   hero          y]      i  notli ns        i  p rnrcntia
tban I dse ci' ci Pa ie m me*, -i r Cn lis i o 15, linón n d
i^itrava l m beca nesotin af m t e| ntivero m al cxped en s
V < re m^nuoned a f^vi 11 o nlni i r f V nth A nei nan i
habitaos in tne it «of «hel Vinm =, the Ci-
roilnas, and Pen avivarla w> e eir íes a d p lines' as ' leir
commerce or conquestsse raedtmeqi ra, wbilcr igiua (V,n
noetic ut, and the rural die, ric s, «eit lest o--a-i in for such m
dulgence                                       v
\S t'^in banking was link" jvrn to tba ioP rf) at^ ty Vie byrin
tinenta! money a^h eved the American Tltvotutnn he thir
teen United Colonies bean that «t i Vt i i cn'-tl 'ing me
(hum of some ten or eleven n P'onsof <  I ■ i — < vvlich per-
haps one half was ?o!d an! silver burnt; th" eevenyeus of
war,C mgres-, issued nesrly three !ui die ! and <-i^ y rn hions
of Treasury notes railed connnen at more/ va ch as far l>
the first nm-m 1'ions 1 ai named tierr-i ' r 1 t tl en be
gan to depieci            l        t     tie     <     1        1      c      1     eland
more for one Ti G 1 'm > eot 11 ic *¿i ed ke al¡ otlier c< n
tnvances to make m >nev wi'hout metal At the pea-e ef 17hT
the whole inert mass sank into wo 1 !es, mat it on without
public effbi tor hard v prnateiemon-tranceto preventlt The
journals of that constituent as-emoly, ihe single branched
Congress of the e memoia^ie times together wi '^ s| e
ci mens preserved o 1 fie irnney Itself funusff c irr-us roe
mentos of this folium nope ct finance—t gient nauona1 ie
source and drscr edit of which one of neon  «thyait'of t, ,
tish hostility was ti circulite counieii"-! s Hv ^« íoiuní'^ ol
Conere-ü it appca-s that, ol tie three hun ,r-1 an 1 six«j in'
lions of dollars of continental mo-iev, ne>ih s x'v seven mil
Iiol-S issued m t1 e year 177S res e 1 on bit* sevent\ el-'hr
thousand dolars m sold and suver an I, in 'lie year 1/SO,
eighty two millions 'ottered on the nu v, p destal of t it
seventy three thousand m com more than a housand in i aper
far one in silver Thecampaians of 177S and 1779, and al1 >ie
operations of Government were pe'"brmed with about one
hundred and fifty thotisril to 1- r-> m ire, m hard r.ion°y
In 1780 the paper was at a dis-coi. .tof loity five foi one of sil
ver, so that of this large public disbursement little wan
available By the year 1779, the puce of every thing had risen
twenty fold Congress, by one of their despotic recommenda-
tions, subverting law and economy, called on the State Legisla-
tures to enar t limitations of alt prices, so that they should not
exceed twenty (old those oí 1774 Such was the depreciation
of continental money by the time that one hundred and sixty
millions of it were abroad, that Congresa resolved, on the 1st
September, 1779, that, on no account whatever, should any
more be issued, except an additional forty millions Eleven
millions and a half had been borrowed m Europe, and twenty-
six millions two hundred thousand on loan office certificates.
Still the amount of specie was not reckoned at more than about
ten millions in 1779, white thirty millions was deemed neces-
sary for circulatron. State loan offices, public lotteries, and
other futile devices, were resorted to, and disregarded caite on
the States for taxes Within a few months after the declaration
of independence, Congress recommended the army—fortu-
rately, their recommendation was to be executed by Washing-
ton—to live at fiee quarters He was authorized, so far as any
such unlawlul fUt can give authority, to take whatever a
starving, undisciplined soldiery might want, from all refusing
to sell, and to seize, confine, and denounce to Congress, such
persons as refused payment m continental money. State
councils of safe'y weie urged hy Congress to inflict maianc
and severe punishment upon those refusing ihe paper, and
theaimy was ordeied to execute this martial injustice It
was resolved by Congress that conttnental money ought to
pass current in all payments anddeahngsat the value ol Spa-
nish dollars The State Legislatures v, ere required to make
laws mflrctrng per allies and forfeitures on such persons as
would not setl whatever property they had for continental
money at par value That degrade 1 apology for money was
made legal tender in payment of all debts, publu, and private,
on pain of therr extinguishment for refusal ofit In discharge
of debts payable m sterling money, the paper dollar was or-
deied to pass for lour «hillings and sixpence sterling, if paya-
ble m othet money forthe valueof the fepanlsh dollar. Con-
gress called on the Slates to stop the emission of their own
notes, and adopt the continental money alone Conventions of
lour or five adjacent States were designated by Congress to
regulate the puce of labor, pioduct and property and to au-
thoiize the aimy commtssaries to take Irom persons having
moie goods than then families required, such supplies as
might be wanted, at paces arbitrarily fixed by law These
ex knons Conere s declared necessary to prevent extortion,
foisootb, and the too rapid increase of prices Wluie conti-
nental money was falling at ageometucal la'e, resolutions OI
Congiessdeclaung its validity, denounced the alarming risa
in the prices ol silverand sold Soonafter Maich, 173i, when
Hobelt Morns was appointed superintendent ot final C6n con-
rlnental m rney wasat five hundred for one dollar Oingress
off-*re 1 0 tike ant lund Hat a thousand for ot e. in a letter
tr Fianklin about tl is time, Robert Moins says cruelty, ra.
prne mdd^vasia lonare in our veiy bowels The wonder is
lhat we have dore so much that we have borne a > much, and
that v*e hivedand'o much In the list triumphant cam-
paign, made w h the a! lance of branee, 1 o^ oily her ai ms8
but iier gild, were ail im} oitant In Tetter son's account of the
pipei money of the Revolution, he says that it continued for a
twelvemonth equal to gold and silvei, but became cheaper
th in the n, as the quantity emitted exceeded the usual qnar ttty
of'he, nculitirg medium Not having intrinsic value, its de.
pr cipt on was more rapidand gieater In two yearsitfell to
twodt'l rs in paper for one of silvei, m three years, to four
lor one m r i, oinonthbmoie to ten for me, and in six months
more,'hai is to siy, in September, 1779, it was twenty foi one
Colore1" proposed to redeem it at foi 15 for one, in vain It
cinlm eHorr ulate md depreciate tit! th< end of 1750, when
it ha! a! en to se^e ny five fe one; and the money circulated
fom the Fieiic i aimv beii g sensible the paper ceaced in its
c tculitioiidltoselher 1 fxpted wirhout a gioan Nomur-
mm, bvit congiatiilattor- was heard wbtn the grsantic mass
wasqjtetly mu-rted The peace of in epentei oe found the
TJ-uted S ates w th near three hundred and six y millions ot
continental obliga ions outstanding rn the hands of patriot pub
! c servants almost disowned by Governmentand worthless to
their de rand d holders Notvtihsianding the solemn pledge
of Congress to -op with two hundred mllhors, nearly one
hui'drt* land six v mil! ons more were afterwar s superadd'd
to tne em sRin >, and it is beheved even nov the Untied States
ire m'ebteu to Fiance for cor'inen'a' bi!!« which pioved
wirthl * 01 ihe conmi3t,iai"t of the Fierch army With
neirly al1 tt   1 <-t,i c'« cc odby the ere nj 1ml or no fo.
r£t£n or in e,i ,r co '-ie ce. hn H sm mi y, no taxes or re
"en ie-by \\n (it 'ogtt 'ndee ' i o Goverr-- ent 1 ut common
coi sen' 1 ■- |ei| ar iv t I nuei! T a es hio .'bab y 1 o oprion
(1 ie oiirce hu ci 1 nen <t ne'es ai 1 mar ia! law No dicta
t ,r hip t! s, oti--m,or anaicny could Le s erner than the em-
prieof hjtc c ive theotiga-c! y of Cmgress ho political
economy ace nl nc to th= ro  recognised doctrines of tl«
FCience mo-e mjud cious than their terdei and puce
law The ' x^ienie o( Republican coeicinn to uphold paper
monevwa-, ¡ e \aiy oppo ite ot Napoleon's equally exireme
eronor-y v,h n ne fi'ied the cellais of ihe Tuillenes wiJt
¡ro!d lor the pa of his armies After battles, it v,a=, his custom
to send lia^s an 1 baskets of gold and lav hem near the beds of
wo, n .-1 ifncers-iiid men that even if dying they might see
s 1 e ol ne rev,-"•(! of victory V^aslung'on's army nad nothing
b it wt,th e * piperfoi then , ay, ol wh'ch wln'e bundles wer t
'ob ty * m 11 I I "te seen la 1 ge park,síes of y lying with the
ru I'nshm'he cellai 0 the house ccupied by the Treaswy
liepaitmenl some yeais after the Revelu ion Whether con
t nenl d money v\ -mid have had bet el riedrtif notm-idea legal
tender andtlat at prr es aibitiauly fixed by law, by simply
mak nst it ttce vable in al! public dues, or o herwi«e gumg it
chaiac(Ci wiln tut compulsion, is no longer a question v-oitU
considering, since the acknowledge feirois of the whoie system
reí Jer it (eitain that it will never be attempt! d again Rego
lar Governmei 11> ofitn absurd in i's political economy, but
rarely moieei uetic than the anarchical domination of the
American Co gresi of the Revolution, whose desperate work
was perfoi med with vigor beyond the law Whatever may be
thonslit of the rskdl and menee as eionormsts, there caribe no
(louh* of therr 1 ati otic foititude aid d"crsion It might have
been impos-ab t, without foreign assistarce m armsand morey,
to command tt e success deserved by the c instancy of Congress,
the courage of die ar mies, and mainly achieved bv continental
money Peace eft ihe Americans comp etely prostrate from
exertion, y?ith a labyrinth of debts, from w* v h, perhaps, there
was no honorable extrication    So total was the annihilation af
