August  1841 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41$
27tb Cong-••• 1st Sess.
Mscal Bank—Mr. Wise.
H. ot Reps.
argument has left, behind Bu I have in vitw
other matter, and will proceed to touch upon as
much of it as Shrewsbury clock will allow I
would give the per diem of the week for two hours
instead of one.
As to the power of Congress to incorporate a Na-
tional Bank 1 have no scraples. I never had At
the very begmniog of my public life I met that
question without any, the least concealment, with
out reserve, and without defeat I met it in a dis-
trict where the issue was at first doubtful, and in a
State which has always been certainly opposed to
my opinions. These opinions have been expressed
at various times, in private an] in public, m sea-
son and out of season, and particularly at the ex-
tra session of 1837, when the Independent Treasu-
ry bill was debated in Congress. I then took oc-
casion to advocate both the constitutionality and
expediency of a National Bank, and to throw my-
self in advance upon the intelligence and vutue of
the people whom I represented.
The proofs upon which I relied were: history,
cotemporaneoui exposition, the experience of the
country, and the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion. Upon the'e I can now only touch. In his-
tory m general I have very little faith. But the
proofs ot the history of this ques'ioa are irrefraga-
ble. The facts are too recent and too well known
to be doubted or misunderstood, and the witnesses
to them too high and too sacred to be impeached.
We know what was done before the Constitution
was formed, what was done at its formation, and
what has occurred since. The Constitution is, in
our hands, and the men who made it, immediately
after it was formed, made the first bank charier.
They were not men who said one thing and meant
another. They were no partisans, but patriot'
They were Washmgtons, Madisons and Franklins
—fathers of the country, fathers of the Constitution,
fathers of science and knowledge, to whom the
Father of the Gods, handed down from Heaven the
very 1 ghtnmg of his power ' I firmly abide by the
exposition ot such men—none of whom ever con-
tradicted themselves on thi  ques'ion except those
who at first opposed and afterwaids sanctioned the
exercise of this power to charter a Bank And
their acts and construction of their own works
have ever since been confirmed by all the sanc-
tions of every succeeding generation, by all the au-
thorities of the executive, legislative, and judicial
departments of Government, and bv the uniform
acquiescence of the popular will under the law If
the Constitution was doubtful, this was evei
enough for my conviction. But I never had any
difficulty in deciding under the Constitution it-elf.
In 1837,1 presented all the arguments, old and
new, upon the constitutional question. I do not
propose to discuss them again now Nothing new
has ever been added to ihe arguments of 1791.
But one view of reading one clause in the ConMi-
tution, a little different from, in being more com-
prehensive than, that of oiher«, I will barely touch.
The old postulata are—
1st. Every power gran*ed to Congress, and every
duty imposed upon Congress, \¡ "-pccihed But ihe
«team to execute the poa>ets and to perform *he
duties are not specified. Thev are undefined, and
left to the sound discretion of Congress, retrained
only by the word1, "necessary and pro er " Con-
gress is Isft a free option of m'ans—free to adoot
the best adap'ed to any or all granted power* or
ends "necessary" to iheir aeeomptishment or exer-
cise, and "proper"— hat is, not uncongenial or in-
consistent with the nature an l form of our Govern-
ment. And to g.ve the word "nocessarj " an
absolute or indispensable meaning wrnld be to de-
stroy all option oí means whatever.
21 ii specific enumeration of means was widely
avoided, er, rather, never vainly attempted. For
such an enumeration would have been infinite,
and would have required Omniscience itself to em-
brace all the means to suit all the ends and powers
and duties of the Government, throughout all tim s
and emergencies, and their endless vicissitudes
3d. As to these means, too, Congress was ex-
press'y made independent, or self-dependent. As
far as it was given any power, so far was it made
to depend upon the means ot its own creation to
exert that power.
4 th To incorporate a National Bank is not in
itself a substantive power, but is a meara merely in-
cidental to great substantive powers, and ends of
legislation "necessary and proper" to their execu-
tion or accomph«hment.
The powers granted to Congress to which this
means of a National Bank is usually made to at-
tach are—
1st. To lay and collect taxes, &c.
2J   To borrow money, &c.
3d. To regulate commerce, &c.
4th To coin money, regulate the value thereof,
and of foreign com, &c
And the chief duty of Congress to which it at-
taches is, to make "all duties, imposts, and excises
unifi rm throughout the United States "
Such are the powers and duty of Congress. And
the clause of the Con«titntion which 1 read diffe-
rently from most others is that which concludes the
8th section of the 1st article:
"And to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers"
Now, here, sir, most gentlemen stop in their
reading, and their argument too, on this question.
They never touch the subsequent and most impor-
tant, least studied and most misunderstood part of
the Constitution—the part of this clause which
follow - "and all other powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United States,
or in any department or office thereof " Mark this
phraseology throughout—' and all other powers."
There are other powers besides those of Congress,
and besides the "foregoing powers," which are
powers of Congress Again: "All other powers
vested bv this Constitution in the Government of the
United States"—there is the generic term, "or in
any department"—'here is the specific term, "or
office thereof"—and ihere it, the individual tei m
Then my argument i*, that if a Bank can be
proved, or his proved l'self, a "necessary and pro
per" means to cairy into execufon * the foregon g
powers," or any of "all other powers vested by the
Constitution in the Government or in any depart-
ment or office thereof," it is constitutional to char-
ter it
The powers of Congress, of the Gowrnmcnt en-
tire, of any department or office thereof, are not all
enumerated. An instance is, the power to recog-
nise a new nation of the earth There is a power
resulting from the very existence of the Govern-
ment. It is lodged in Congress by this clause
There is the power to keep and control the public
money. It is nowhere expressly given, yet it be-
longs to Congress To keep that power out of the
hands of the Executive, Congress must interpose
some hand of the law. I could ne/er think of any
other than a corporation or cieature of some sort
like a National Bank And there is the power le
organize a Treasury Department, with its various
officer, to which this means of a National Bank
seems most essentially necessary and proper, oi it
may be made a part of the very orgimzation of
such a department and its office". What n there
to prevent it' No form of a department is given
m the Con timtion. But to the powers and duties
of such a department and its office , no matter
how organized, such a means seems more neces-
sarily and p-optrly to attich than to any of the
"foregoing powers" of Congress—such as thp
duties and peers of keep a , transferring, and
disbursing public money, without los , and with
the lean post and irconvenience to its officers and
io the people And tncre is a power of Congress
to make all needful rales a"d regulations resp^ct-
irg the territory or other property of the United
State', not enumerated m "the foregoing rtoweis,"
to wh ch a bank can much more properly and ne-
cessarily attach than can distribution.
Thus, sir, my views enlarge the extent and
numb r of powers and duhes to which this means at-
taches as necessary and proprr. For us necessity
and propnetv I look alone to experience, that be t
of all teachers From that teacher I learnt its
value, especially to the South—that section which
Í argued to be the more interested in a sound, safe,
and uniform currency than any other portion of
the country not agricultural, and not so far distant
from the great point of importation, where "hangs
up the barometer of exchange."
Upon these grounds I stood in 1837, have ever
stood, and there I now stand. I have not changed
a panicle in principle upon the subject, nor shall
I change from the practical course to which I have
heretofore committed myself.
In 1837 two practical questions or votes were
put to me on this subject, and the action I maintained
then I mean to maintain now. What were these
voles, and what was that action? Tne Committee
of Ways and Means then reported a resolution
declaring that it was "inexpedient to establish a Na-
tional Bank " To that resolution I proposed the
following amendment—(See Cong. Debates, vol.
14, part 1, page 936)—to add the words:
"At this time And be u fm ther resolved, that U will be
. expedient to establish a National Bank -whenever there is a
clear manifestation of public sentiment in favor of such a
measwi e "
Upon this amendmant, at a subsequent day,
(see id. vol. 14, part 2, page 1221,) I made these
remarks:
"The friends of a National Bank are waiting for 'the
moving of the wale7S,' they are not ready to bring forward
their plans m a positive form, thpy have no nonon of stand
ing up for the purposeof being knocked doum "
Again: the same committee brought forward Us
Independent Treasury bill, and, discussing that
and this subject together, I said:
"I "hall wait for the troubling of the waters, for the healing
of the people, for their voices to comeup as a strong man, for
radical relief o( the country, its Constitution, lto currency, its
liberty ' -(Id  page 1G74 )
I    voted against both the resolution and the
bill of the Committee of Ways and Means in
1837 Neither of these votes would I undo if I
could, and by all Ihe declarations' I then made I
now abide.
Now what did these declarations mean, and what
course for me to pursue did they indicate!
Sir, on the 27th, 28th, and 29th days of January,
1841, for three days, I spoke earnestly against this
called, -this dog-day session. My third reason
against it was-
II To preient during the present year, a premature agi
iation of the National Bank question " eje —(See page 3, of
^speech )
™   At page 8th I said •
!" Sir, I yield to no man in friendship to a properly organized,
pi operly located, and well managed National Bank And as
a friend to that measure, I inveish especially against urging
ttprematui ely, and in the midst of pressure If you press It
too eageily,too hastily at the wiong time, you will lose the
question foi twenty years to come Su, I have no idea that
"either of these measures «hall be presented to a railed session,
and be pushed through m the heec hot- hurry of political jug
gling    They ailrequire time andreflection '
At pa e 36th I said .
As to the best mode of giving to the country a safe, sound,
and uniform currency, my opinions are well known to thoss
who know any tfunCT about my opinions at all Wnh Mr Ma
ai^on, I believe that a Nitwnal Bank is absolutely necessary,
and mustj try whatever other experiments you please, be re
sorted to in the end I believe such an institution not only con
stituüonai and expedient, bul, us a Soulhei n man, and a State
Rights man I support it as the best friend of the South which
is more injured by a bad currency than any other section of the
countiy, andas the only means of creating a hand of the law
ü r the legislative department, to keep the legislative power of
the custody and the control of the public money out of the
hands of the Executive The Executive has usurped that
puwci by snatching the public money from the vaults of a Na
tional Rink Í would neate a National Bank for the purpose
of restoring to Congress its constitutional fiscal power, if for no
other purpose That is one of the best modes of reducing Exe
cutive patronage But my views on this question were deli
vered at length at the extia session of 1837 Now, I will only
say that I will vote for such an institution if it be brought for
waidat the right time ifitbe pioperly oigatuzed, and be located
at the pioper place—and that propel place with me will be as
far as I can get it from the contaminating and dangerous mflu
enees of stock jobbine and brokeis "
Here, then, are my opinions and my course,
fully set forth m advance. I will wait "the
moving and the troubling of the waters •" And
what does that mean i It means that the Bank or
a Bank is an " impotent man," which has had an
infirmity for more than thirty and eight years; an
infirmity worse than leprosy to any measure in this
c mntry, and especially to one which depends upon
any thing to delicate as credit for its vitality and
vigor—the infirmity of a want of popular confidence.
«For reason of that infirmity, another and another
"steppgth down before" it, though the "angel" has
aaam and again come down into the pool and
"troubled the water." It has no man, when the
water is troubled, to put it into the pool "by the
sheep market, which is called by the Hebrew-
tongue Bethesda, having five porches." And there
is no Omnipotence passing by to say, not "step thou
down into the pool," no Omnipotence never so
speaketh—but Omnipotence to say, "Rise, take up
thy bed and walk "'   No, sir, no! But, passing by,
