414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
£fTH  CoKG—.tST SeSS.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Wise.
H. of Reps.
a poor fallible mortal, like the sinner who now ad-
dresses himself to 'his question, would hnmb1;:
imitate Divine ¿Oddness and wisdom, not Disrine
power, by asking (his impotent man, "Wilt thou
be made whulc?" And supposing the answer to
be, "I would be made whole," I would answer,
-Wait, though you have been a long time in this
case, lie a yet longer time for the "troubling of the
water," or for your Saviour to see you lie in that
case. And who is this impotent man's Saviour1?
Sir, the people! The people alone can say unto
this impotent man, "Rise, take up thy bed and
walk!'' And when that power bids him rise, im-
mediately he will be made whole, and take up his
bed and walk. And it will matter not then whe-.
ther "on the same day was the Sabbath;" for then
the question of time will not occur, for "nullum
lempus occurrit regi." When the people have set-
tled the question, have healed the infirmity, then
will there be no reason for stepping into the pool,
or for waiting until foe troubling of the waters.
To .drop all figures of speech, there is nothing in
which I am firmer fixed in opinion now than that
the most essential element of a National Bank is
popular confidence. On that it can alone rest in
peace and permanem security; and based on that
alone can it be a ble.sing to the country, and a use-
ful agent ard friend 10 the laws. It must not be
forced into existence, so as to produce party agita-
tion and to rouse popular resentment. If it is thus
driven into being by a temporary majority, doubtful
in its character, the effeets will be more dangerous
than salutary, and more to be deprecated than de-
sired, even by the friends of such an institution.
If this bill passes, can it be said to have passed
by the votes of a majority of Congress? There is
one vacancy in the Senate, and it is doubtful who
that vacancy wo ¡Id be filled by—a friend or foe
Two votes were withheld which were  resent in
the city, which it was well known would ha ? iwrn
given aganst ihe 16h section of the bill, without
which two other vcei could not have been curried
for the bili. By the ab e.iceof tbiee Astees of State
sovereignties, this bill has been dodged, if not driven
through one branch oí Congress. Will the people
be satisfied with this expression of the will of the
States?
Again: two of the States of this Union are not
represented on this floor at all. Gentlemen need
not say that ihere are votes enough here to pass
the bill without their votes, or that the true will of
the Slates is not fairly represented in the other end
of the Capitol. All these facts aire elements of
strife: are fuel for the fire of agitation; are pretexts
for that fearful cry of demolí ion, Repeal! Repeal!
Repeat! I cannot say what wdl be Ihe termination
of that struggle for repeal, if it ever begins and
rages as I fear it would it a Bank bill passes with-
out a more decisive manif- station of the popular
and State wills than w? have had or can have at
this session. I will say, however, that though,
with my constitutional views, it is absurd to talk
about repealing an unconstitutional law; becau;e
repeal is a legislative act, which would admit ihe
binding forest and obligation of the law repealed,
and ihe law, if it be unconstitutional is null and void
wilhoutfrepeal; yet, sir, if f believed this or any law
to be unconstitutional, I could not apply to it the
doctrines of vested rights—no righ's could be vested
under it, because there would be no taw ¡o rest ?.ny
thing at all. And is there no mode to test Its con-
stitute tality, without admitting it by "repeal?"
Yes. By the Supreme Court. Ay, that tribunal
is a 1 on m the path. It is a roaring lion. Would
I trust my stock to it as now constituted? Beware!
I would not fjr the world a;sail the sanctity of the
ermine of that tribunal; but the opinions" and ac-
tions of men are known, aod the sanctity of the
ermine cannot change the character of the men.
May we not wait until the water? there too be
troubled/! Can we charter at a venture, or pur-
chase s'ock at a ven'ure, upon wlw may be its
opinions? Who removed Daam? Who removed
the deposites? Upon what grounds? Who have
since been appointed on that supreme bsnch? How
many? By whom? Count—wait!
What if, for these reason*, the bidders for stock
be few? The Government may take another ihird,
we ate told, by the bill.   Then the Government
would hold too i! uch s'ock I could not vote for
the General Government to hold two-thirds of the
,st cfe I believe in the following resolution—
(See Register of Debates, vol. 14th, part I, page
936.)
"Mr: Bell (the present Secretary of War) then
laid on the table the following, to be submitted as
an amendment (to the resolution declaring it was
inexpedient to establish a National Bank in 1837:)
"And that the adoption of the plan recommended by the Pre-
sident for the collection and disbursement of th& public reve-
nue through the agency of Sub-Treasurers, by means of which
the public moneys would be under the unchecked control of
officers holding their places at the will of the Executive, and
often his mere creatures and dependants, or the establishment
of a National Bank, or any fiscal system in the nature of a
bank, founded upon the credit and revenues op the Go-
vernment, would be inconsistent with the spirit of a free
Constitution, and dangerous to the liberties of the coun-
try."
What if all the private stock should be taken
and the Bank should go into operation in the midst
of agitation? What would be the consequences?
Either that it would, if warred upon by the Go-
vernment or a stong party, by king one or king
many—king one I say, for the present pure and
patriotic President cannot last throughout three
lifetimes, twenty-one years, until this charter ex-
pires—be like a land-ierrapin, when touched, con-
tract all its feet and head in its shell, do no busi-
ness, issue not and discount not at all, and become
wholly inefficient and inert, to lie in the way of
the wheels of poaer to be crushed; or, it would be
compelled to unite with power, unite its money
capital with political capital, or war with
both, and be in either case a curse of cor-
ruption to itself, the Government, and the
whole country! This we know would be its
fate, from the experience of the past. And there-
fore I wait awhile upon the people. My constitu-
ent are as united on this question as a district can
be. Whit may I not, then, act on their will alone?
I may. But before I vote for a Bank charter I
iriust be sure that they get a blessii/g and not a
cur.-e. And I mu*! have a decided majority of the
whole nation concurring with them before I can be
sure of that. I cannot emmit their interests to
any doubtful issues on thin qaestion. The Bank
must be permanently founded, not to be disturbed
by popular revulsions and parfy passions. We
cannot abide lhat uncertain sea and its awful
storms. When the bank may cemtnence its career
in peace and in confidence—whi n the people in
Ihetr sovere'ga power have r ee: ed that it may
and shall exist undistmbed. then we will gladly
venture ou its existence, and not until then ever
again.
But we are told that the people have already de-
cided this; that it was settled by an overwhelming
majority in the last election-', I do not think so.
There were so many issues in thai elccti.-n that it
is difficult to say what one was dec.dfd. There
were different issues at different pl oes. Every
th'ng was involved, in fact, in that elec ion. ft
rather embraced, I should say, fundamental ques-
tions of administrative policy. Every where,when
I addressed the people, I urgpd upon them 'lhat
banks, tariffs, public lands, and all mere issuns of
policy or cons!ruction, sunk into insignificance be-
fore the great social and moral principles involved
in that struegle for reform. They were told every
where that common honesty, economy, public viitue,
and oficial integrity and purity were above all banks
or other questions of that sort. And if cal'ed to
say what was decided, my answer would be, "The
people f-dt and were convinced that they were mis-
governed, and their power abused; that defalcation
had become too common; corruption ¡no much the
order of the day; that economy and honesty were
wanting, and that the leading; measure of the
then Administration—the Sub-Treasury—was dan-
gerous and de p.¡tic, and should be repealed; that
they determined upon a change of servants, aad to
allow another set of men to try to nform abuses,
and right the ship of S'atc; to try in their own way,
and to be responsible for their acts" This
was what was decided. And upon the party which
the people brought into power I have a commen-
Urytomake. It  motto was "Tippecanoe and Ty-
ler too'." A friend remarked to me the other day
thu this motto proves "there is truth in poetry."
It is the text to preach from.   It describes the ra-
tionale of success m the election^ It gives the sti-
pulation of the bond of union among the Whigs,
it indicates what were their differences and com-
promises; and, lastly, what should be their course,
if they would be wise and remain strong in place
and in the confid<?r:ce of the people.
Let us discuss the Jerms of this test: "Tippeca-
noe." This term was the sign and representative
oí one class of politicians. It is true that it stood
for the name of General Harrison. He originally
had been a Jeffersonian Republican, and certainly
in 1822 had expressly denied the constitutionality
of a Bank of the United States. But afterwards
he became united with what was thought to be the
Federal or latitudinarian party, in 1828. And he
was the very first of that party, next to John Gtuin-
cy Adams, whom General Jackson turned oat of
office, by recalling him from a foreign mission. He
thus became identified wiih the discarded coalition
of that date. He never, so far as I knew, avowed
any change in his opinion as to the constitutionality
of the Bank. True, he did say that he would sign
a charter whenever, or if it was made apparent, it
was necessary and proper. So Mr. Jefferson himself
said before him. But neither ever said, so far as I.
ever heard, lhat he did think it necessary and pro-
per, and that he would accordingly give it his sanc-
tion. But still, however doubtful or clear may
have been his opinions, known or unknown, on
this point, it is not to be disguised that in him were
fixed the hopes of those in the Whig party who had
been known as the National Republicans of 1828.
"Tippecanoe," then, was not only another name for
General Harrison, but it was the "sign" and watch-
word in this motto of that portion of the Whigs
who had been but shortly before known as the Na-
tionals.
The Nationals in 1833 had dropped their name.
Another would "smell a' sweet." This they did
because nullification, in 1831-'32, and the removal
of the deposites in 1833, had driven off from the
Jackson party a large portion of Republicans, with
whom they wished to unite. The Jackson party
had Expropriated the name of Democrat; the retreat-
ing Repurd'Cins of 1833 wou-d not endure the
name of Nationals; the Nationals were glad enough
to dro-1 a nsrae wait'h had lost its odor, and the
Opposition, composed then of the two latter par-
ties, united in a common, cawse upon the name
Whig.
This union was not at first complete. There
was from the beginning mutual jealousy and dis-
trust. Tr,ey could no more mix '.liati "oil and vi-
negar." Th?y fought in 1836 in different squads:
the Republican Whigs tinker the banner of that
nonwi ■oenerttbile—thst American Cato, and civi-
lian and statesman—Hugh L. White; this National
Whig-? under that illustrious soldier, William Hen-
ry Harri*on: and they were defeated. Defeat
taught ihera tha*, to bs strong, they must be undi-
vided. And a new accession of strength coming
in daily, as auxiliaries, under the name of Conser-
vativ. s—a party driven out by tho*e whom they
called ¡h6 Lo©..foco Destructives in the Van Buren
pany—coming out fiom among them, ,is the old
song of Jawbone has it,
"One by one and two by two"—
new hopes were revived, and a strong-union was
formed. It became my luck to describe that union
"A union of the Whigs for the sake of the Union;"
a sentiment by whkh I will stand in ihe two senses
I utieted it at Srst: a union 'f.r the sake of the
Union " Not a anion for party, for proscription,
for power; but a union holy and sacred,/or the good
of the country. Not a union for the sake of one man,
in or out of the Presidency, or his follower,", Na-
tionals or Republicans, or Conservative Whigs;
but a union for the sake of all three; and more—
for ihe sake of all parties, embracing even Locos
and Destructives ! Tnis was the patriotic sense,
and primary sense of that sentiment. And I have
not departed from it in that sense and in no sense.
For the second sense was not seen, and was a parly
sense. I meant for ihs sake of the union of the
Whigs, as well wall as for the sakí of the union of
the country, in a secondary sense. That is, that
Whigs should really compromise their old feelings
and sentiments, and not proscribe each othsr, for the
sake of remaining united. I meant that they should
