August, 1841.
S7th Cong*
■ 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Post Office Appropriation Bill—Mr. Arnold.
449
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OP MR. ARNOLD,
OF TENNESSEE
In the House of Representatives, August 25, 1841.—
On the bill making appropriation to pay the
debts of the Post Office Department.
Mr ARNOLD said he had not intended to say
one word on this subject, nor perhaps upon any
subject, during the remainder of this session. Eut
the debate had taken such a turn, and had assumed
such a virulent patty cast, and gentlemen had
vaunted with such a lofty swagger, that he felt
bound not to let the subject pass without nonce.
All ¡his slang that we hear here from day to day,
that we (the majority of this House) are tyrants,
aid that we a'e creating a national debt, &c. is all
carefully ca eied up and sent to the countiy for the
porprs  of deceiving and misleading the people
Because we choose not to permit gentlemen to talk
all th° t'me, and agam=t time, and thus totally pre-
vent t''p sciicn ct ihis House, we are denounced
heie diy aucr day as tyrants, despots, &s. If we
borrow money to pay their debt-, they vociferate
that we are ereafng a rat oaal debt. This, sir is
insulting to tin"5 House, and still moie insulting to
th  American people. I is as ummg that the
American people are totally ignorant of the history
of pa' ties in th s country tor the last twelve years
GLiulemen are mivtaken, they cannot praense this
«h-dlour deception npon the p¿opie They ate
more intelligent and better informed than pentle-
mea suppose them to be; at least I know in my
section of the countiy this thing is perfectly under-
stood.
But the new alliance wh ch gentlemen have
lately formed with the "Tertium quids," or "Punch
parly," seems greatly to have emboldened them.
Gentlemen stand up here and pour out the moU
fulsome eulogies upon the President, while at ihe
same time they deal in the mosl malignant denun
c atiQiis against his cabinet and confidential ad-
vi' rs They speak as though they were his con-
fiiants, and constituted apartof his household—as
though irey were iamihar with hismmostthoughtr.
Tney tell us with an air of the greatest confidence
that this man or that >s ere long to be kicked out
of office, &c ; and that "the President will do this
titng, and that thing he will not do " And thus it
is, sir, that tre party w'io so lately denounced the
individual who now fi'ls the Piesidential chair as
wholly unwortiy of confidence, have coiled them-
selves around him and are contiuually breathing
their pesuferous breath upon him, and have si me d
him all over, from head to foot, with their vile
adulation; and m ¿hoit, sir, have taken him mio
theK espec al and peculiar keeping Now, I should
not >nmd all this flummery and parade of gent'e-
men, if trie conviction had not been irresistibly
forced 'ipoi me that all this, if not directly autho-
rized, is ctrtamly connived at hy the President Yes,
Mr. Chanman,! believe he drinks flattery from this
co rupt poul as though i' were nectar fit for the gods
Tmsi v hat distipsoesmemost. It is bad enough to
have a man fo Pre-, dent whose character and
Whose virtae and firmness are so equivocal that po-
lit cal uo^r me. think they can venture to approach
him with ssduc'ion in their hearts and upon their
lips, that >he< can solicit him without an immediate
exposure and an ¡nuignant repulse Sir, this view
of the ca«> io bad enough, but it is not wuhout pal-
liation, nsy sir, it may be entire'y excused, for we
know t'.at raen sometimes become so corrupt,
b ind, and reckl-ss, that they will lie in wait and
attempt the pur st vir'ue But O1 sir, when we
see th-xt w^, w">en w see that man who has oeen
placed rt the hf«d of our party by the act of God,
stanoing in the pi-see of the pure and undeilled
Harn'or,not ¡ike Cse-ai'  wife, as he should have
stood, abo?e suspicion, but like a vile courtesan
reeeivng most dishonorable sohc.taiions with smiles
and b •ind shments, acd meean? his paramours
with ouen arms and rather more than half wsy—
sr, I say. at thb scene of corruption the heart of
eveiy ion st man must sicken Within him, and ir>
d gnafon throb in every fibre of his whole system.
Tna  the President is more in harmony—that there
is much greater sympathy between him and the
Locofoco or Yan Buren party than there is be-
tween bum and u% I think no man in his semes
Who has had the len opportunity of judging can
for one moment doubt Look at those upon this
floor who are said to be the President's personal
and political friends. 'Where do jou find them?
Where have they been the whole session? Why,
sir, cheek by jowl with the most rabid Locofocos
upon this floor. The first in the melee—the lead-
ers of every assault upon the great measures for
which we have been struggling, aBd which we have
deemed essential to the prosperity of the country.
Ye , they have led the Opposition against nearly
every important measure. They have shouted
louder and have dealt us harder blows than we
have received from any other quarter. Harder,
because at first ihey were unexpected from that
quarter, and we had not drawn ourselves up into
an altitude of defence, but the moment we undei-
stood these gentlemen, their blows were entirely
warded off, and they have fell harmless upon the
measures in this Hou^e. But I regret lo sai, *ir,
that they hive dealt iheir blows m another quarter
(the Executive mansion) moieeffec ua'ly and more
faiall) than they ha e had power to do hete. Sir,
have we a sir-g'e fuend who is in full communion
w th the Presidtnt upon the great measurts, or
upon any mea uros tbat we have had before us
this session? Not a single one, 1 think, su. if
therein, I have Lot bad the pleasure of meetirg
with him. We who by our toil and exertion
p'acerl the President in power, have been completely
excommunicated Sir, I am told his own Cabinet
are kept in ignorance ot his views, while the least
Locofoco in the ranks is let into full communion
Ifjouwant to know what ihe President's views
are upon any question, ymi must go to the Loco-
focos, They can generally tell you; and  ome-
times thev will volunteer th- mforn>ation wuhout
being asked. The veto of the Bank bill has
thrown Ihe Locofoco? into ecsiaries You hear of
nothing but chouts and rejoicings among (hem, so-
lemn processions, with floalmg banner", bearing
"Tvler and the Veto" aloft.
Sir, as I said before, I should not regard these
things—this extravagant joy of the Loco Pocos—if
I was not firmly impressed wiih the belief that it
gladdened t' e heart of the President Sir, I can
scarcely ever hear from the President's House
since the veto, but he is surrounded by a swarm of
Loco Focos congratulating him upon his Roman
firmness—his vietory over Congress—and his in.
creased and increasing popularity I have wit-
nessed 'bese things herp day after day, until I have
no cth"=r feeling lor these acts and these actors but
of loathing and disgus'. I have, for some time,
given the President up, «o far as I was concerned
1 was fully convinced, from al! the lights which I
could obtain, thai he had gone a whoring ater
false gods The vain and deluded man has been
flattened into the belie*1, by some of his peculiar
friends, aided by th winks, and nods, find ínsmu-
a ions of the Lof-o Focos, that by tt'kmgthe course
he ! a lak^n, he could be re-e'ecled lo a second
t"rm of the Presidency, lie knew that the Wh gs
h'id forme 1 an unyielding deierm mtion to supp< rt
no man for a sionO term for the Pres d<*n<y. He
c uldtherefcre expect mthftif frt m that quarter
lie determined at once to throw himself into the
arms of the Loco Focos, qnd to crush the Whi<
partv, if p>s«ibe—at least that part of it which
would not follow him into the L co Foco ranks,
and become his minions and tools This, Mr.
Chairman, is my most decided helief And all
we have heard about the con^centous a'd consti-
tutional «crupiés of ihe President is all flummery
and empty pretence, to cover his retreat to the
Loco Fuco ranks The quo ammo in politics, as
in liw, wi'h me is every thing. W'th what mind
has the President talen this course? Thpt is ibe
important and all absorbing question. Sir, if
I could be made to bpheve that the President had
conscien'ious scrupl-s, honestly conceived and
honestly en'ertaired, hiwever ruinous tht e soru-
p'es might beto my cr inirj, I would be ihe last
man on earth to reruke bim for tho e scruples
Sir, I would be the fi>t to can the mantle of cha-
nty over them. I would never upbraid him for
ího e =crup'es, if they were the veriest abstractions
> a' ever Virginian crnceivrd However futile
ana unreasonable, if honesti} entertained, they
should be heW '-acred by me    But on the other
hand, Mr. Chairman, if these professions f re mere
pretences, and hollow-hearted and hypocritical, he
ought to receive the unmeasured execrations of the
whole community and of all parties. I profess le
have some knowledge of human nature—some
knowledge of the workings ef the human heart. I
profess to be able to judge between an empty pre-
tence and an honest conviction. Judging then, sir,
deliberately for myself upon the ftcts and circum-
stances which surround me, I have been írresis'i-
bly brought to the conclusion that all the Pres dent
has said about conscientious scruples is empty pre-
tence Having come to this conclusion, of course
I have no longer any confidence in him, and de-
sire most heartily to get rid of him as soon a-> pw-
sible. No party can maintain iheir purity with
such a man at their head. Gentlemen, if you will
take bim, (turning to the Van Buren memb-'s,)
1 surrender him to you, so far as I am concerned.
Let him be your President He is no longer mine.
Mr. Chairman, if God, in his infi. ue wisdom and
power, ever condescended toerea'e a manihat was
exactly suitable for a Loco Foco, the mtserab'e
wretch at the other end of the avenue is that man
[Hete Mr Rooseveii, Mr. Winthrop, and
the Chairman [Mr. Everrtt] simultaneously
called Mr Aritold to order for «sing language
disrespectful to the Prcident
Mr. Arnold took his teat.
The Chairman [Mr. Evereti] derided that ihe
language u^ed by Mr. Arnold was out of order,
having referred to the President of the United
Stale* in disrespectful terms
Mr Steenrod desired to call the consideration
of the House to one fact The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mi. Arnold] during the whole of
this session of Congress hid been the first to call
to order.
Mr. Armí-ld. And I have been the first to
obey the rules of order.
Mr. Steenrod.    And the first to violate them.
Mr Arnold I have not been the first, nor
have I violated them at all in this instance. And
if the Chairman pers> sts in his decision, I shall ap-
peal lo the committee.
The Chairman was «ndeistood as persisting m
the decision.
Mr. Arnold appealed to the committee. He
sad he would briefly state the grounds of his ap-
peal. He did not intend to tale back a word he
had said, he had never been afraid of r sponubi! -
t/ heve or elsewhere. He despised that poor,
miscrab'e, truckling system of politics that makf-s
a man afraid to speak the truth The tenor of Ill's
remarks had been made to show that the President
was no longer with ihem, but thai he ha 1 gone
over to the Van Buren party. Was dm out of
a del? He surrendered his claim to him Was
this out of order? He was very desinous to get
nd of him Was this out of oa'ei? Í
san', °ir, further, that if Gtd, n ! c mfi-
m e wisdom 3nd power, bad ever ccrde
«¡cendid to create a man hat was exaet ) s>u able
for a L cofoco, the mtserab'e wrelth at the o her
end of the avenue was that man. t ask, s r, tn-
ump'oan Iv, was th s out of ordet? The la gimp
does not necessarily apply to tae President i'l-e
avenue extend  to Georgetown, and ¡here «■ay h« 
many miserab'e wretches at the otner end besides
the President. This is one of the very cases which
most fully verifies th' old Spanish adage, "Save
me from my friends," &c Now, if gentlemen
had not been in =uch a hot haste to show their al-
leaiaiice'to ihe President, the Reporter, when he
come lo write out his notes, miglit have left out
this remark, which falls so harshly upon the re-
fined and comtly ears of gentlemen, and, if he did
not leave it out altogether, he might have softened
it down into measured and courtly phrase to smt
the fastidious tiste of gentlemen But, instead of
tnat, three cf the Piesident'a most liege and faithful
adherents n e, all at once, vociferatng order1
order' And, instead of letting it pass without
notice, they make a q> estton of order upon it,
and call the attention of the committee to it, and
also the attention of the whole public io it, and
thereby give peculiar emphasis to it The phrase
"#reich" seems to have struck these gentlemen as
peculiarly applicable to the President,   if the Pre>
£9
