450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
August, 1841.
STth Cong. .. 1st|8ess.
Post Office Appropriation Bill—Mr. Arnold.
H. of Reps.
sident is satisfied with the application which the
gentlemen have chose to give to my language, I
am, I can assure h m If the cap fits him, let
him wear it.* The language is in violation of no
rule of this House. Gentlemen go out of the
way to make the application, and then call me to
order.
The Chairman ssid he had understood the gen
tleman to refer to the President. It was on that
ground especially that the Chair had called the
gentleman to order. It would be for the House
to say whether they so understood the gentleman.
And the question being on the appeal—
Mr. Adams said it appeared to him that the words
«pon which the decision had been made should be
reduced to writing.
Mr.-Arnold said he believed that all the time
taken up in settling questions of order was time
lost to the member who had the floor, and he had
but httie time left in which to say that which he
desired to say; and, as some of his friends re-
quested that he should withdraw his appeal, he
would do so.
Mr. IsaERsoLL said it was a very important
question, touching the freedom of debate in this
House; and he would renew the appeal Mr I
contended that it was the right of the member, so
long as he did not invoke the influence of the Ex-
ecutive, to fpeak of him in any terras he misht
please, always remembering that he did so on his
own personal and representative responsibility. He
had heard much harsher things said of Mr. Madi-
son than had been said by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to-day.
Mr. Arnold, while he thanked the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Inoerscll] for the liberal
views he expressed in relation to the freedom of de-
bate in this House, hoped be would not insist upon
the appeal
Mr. Insersoll said he would then, at the re-
quest of (he gentleman, withdraw the appeal.
An objection being made from some quarter of
the House—
Mr. Hopkins of Virginia moved that the gentle-
man from Tennessee be permitted to proceed in
order.
Mr. Arnold said he thanked the gentleman from
Virginia for his kindness; but if the question of
order was still insisted upon, and a vote had to be
taken upon that question, he (Mr A ) would have
gamed nothing in point ol time by withdrawing his
appeal, and ii the question of order was still in-
sisted upon, he would renew his appeal
[Cries from various parts of tb.e.House, "'G0 on'
go on '"1
Mr. Hopkins then withdrew hts motion, and Mr.
Arm ld was about proceeding, when
Mr Ke;m of Pennsylvania rose to object to (he
gentleman from Tennessee proceeding, unless it
was by leave of the House
Mr. Arnold turned to Mr. Keim, and asked him
if he objected?
Mr. Keim hesitated a moment, and then said he
would not object ]
Mr. Arnold thsn proceded without further ques-
tion of order I regret (said Mr A ) that the re-
marks I have felt it my duty to make should have
produced such excitement upon this floor. I bpg
gentlemen to understand that they are in nowise
responsible to the President for what I «ay Sir,
no man nor no party on this floor is responsible for
what 1 say. Nor am I responsible to any man or
party upon this floor further than to obsen e the
rales of order, which I have on all occasions en-
¿Uayored to do. Furiher than this I am responsi-
ble to no human being, except my constituents I
am responsible to them not only fur all I do here,
but for all I say here Sir, it i* my pride and my
glory that I belong to no party further than that
party goes for n^y country I disdain to wear ihe
Itvery of any party. 1 deprecate as a great
evil to the country the extrem ties to which parties
on both sides are inclined to so. Men leagn<  them-
selves together, and go blindly forward to a party
achievement, regardless of the good of the coun-
try; and each party justities itself upon the con-
duct of the other. You hear gentlemen eon'mu-
ally saying, ' Do you not see the other side? They
are knit together as one man, they nevir break
ranks.    We cannot contend with such a party
without organization "   This is the whole argu-
ment in favor of party, that carries both sides into
extremetiss, and often into gross absurdities, and,
what is to be much more regretted, often into di-
rect conflict with the public good and the prosperity
of the country.   Sir, the late Opposition party, but
now, as I consider them,  the Administration or
Tyler par'y, have, in my opinion, pursued a most
reprehensible course during   this whole  vession
Their opposition   has   been indiscriminate   and
reckless.   It has seemed to be utterly imposible
for gentlemen to utter any other word except that
odious monosyllable, no!   It seems to me that
pentlemen, if they  would reflect a little, would
give their opinions upon this floor with some de-
gree of modesty.   I ask gentlemen  in what atti-
tude they stand before the country that they should
be thrusting  lheir opinions continually upon us
here, and objecting to  this measure, and  to that
measure, and   every measure.   Are you not of
that party that had control of the Government for
the last twelve years?   Answer me this, and then
say if you are not of that party which were so re-
cently ejected from power by an outraged and m-
menant people, and  tbat, too, by the most over-
whelming majority by which any party was ever
ovenhrown.   What was the condition of the coun-
try when you took possession of it twelve years
ago?   Was it not sound and healthy''   Were not
aU its resources flush and vigorous?   Was it ntt
totally unembarrassed'"     Was   not the Revolu-
tionary   and  late war debt in  a rapid state of
extinction; and that, too, without being scarcely
felt  by   the   people'     Had  we  not   thp   best
currency    the    world    ever    saw?     And    did
not    general   prosperity   and    happiness    reign
throughout    tie     land?     Answer    me     these
questions in truth, and  then answer me how you
left the country on the 4th of March last, when the
lamented Harnsin was by the people placed at the
helm of Government  Was net that most excellent,
sound, and uniform currency totally debased and de-
s'royed? Hid sot the general prosperity been struck
down over the whole land? And were not th  peo-
ple groaning under the most cruel oppression? You
had not only bankrupted the Treasury, but it had
been literally burnt up by the torch of an incendi-
ary.    The Post Office, which had an aecru ng sur-
plus when yon isok charge of it, has ukewisp been
totally bankrupted, and 1 terally burnt up by the
torch of an incendiar}; and the Pifpnt Office has
also  been burnt  with  it     Such  Vandalism has
rarely ever been witnessed since the days of Nero
and the conflagrations of Rome    And is this all?
N5, aentleman, not half.   Time Will not permit
the enumeration of the wrongs you have don  your
country, either by acts of commission or omission.
Tuere is but little difference in the turpitude between
refusing to do that which should  be done, and of
doing that wh'eh should not be done.   Your of-
fences of omission are many and aggravated. You
have neglected the national defences by sea and
by land.   You have put a stop to a!! works of in-
ternal improvements, wh'ch were going on prospe-
rously when >ou took charge of the Government
Under the empty pretence of constitutional scruples
you  have thrown this burden entirely upon the
States.    You encouraged them to undertake a sys-
tem wh ch has greatly involved them, and for do-
ing which jou now attempt to drgrace and discre-
dit them     In the progress of your Administration,
or, I would rather say, m the progress of your de-
vastation, you hive not only squandered the accru-
l g resources, but you have consumed and exhaust-
ed a large surplus which had accrued by the provi-
dent and wise 1 gislauon of your predecessors And
in addition to all this, you have been upon thf bor-
row for 'hree or four years, and ramdly creating a
new national debt.    Now, I put it to gent'emen
when they see the rum that lheir measures have
brought upon the country, how can they rice here
in their places, and object  to a return to the good
old policy under which  the Government and the
people were so prosperous and happy?   Yet, with
a full knowledge of ail these facts, genl'emen stand
up here, and cry from  morning until night, you
are   creating a   National   ¿Vbi'      A National
debt'     I  confess jt requires a men that  has
| more philo-ophy than I ha/e, to keep c ol under
sucb circumstances I tay to gcmlec-en, ag?m,
that they cannot deceive the country on this mb
ject The Government has been brought to a acad
halt, and loaded down by debts End embarrass-
menis g'owmp out of your policy. What would
gentlemen have us do? Would they have us
stand with our arms folded? I reckon they will
hardly say that, after what they have said No,
Mr Chairman, nothing can restore the country,
no bmg save the country, but bold and deci iva
action—bold and energetic legislation. The
sround-sill of oui prosperity is sunk so low
that no ordinary lever can affect it. It can only
be affected by a lever of extraordinary sweep.
Do gentlemen remember what they have said? Do
they remember what their party pre? es eveiy
where have said? The result of the Presiden'ial
election was scarcely known before the whole pack
opened in full chorus upon President Harrison,
"Why do you not relieve the country?" And in a
few weeks the cry was, ' Why have you not re-
lieved the country'" And thus the cry continued
up to the 4th of March, while Mr. Van Buren
and his official cohorts had yet the possession of
the Government Gen Harrison came into office
on the 4th of March, ano, seeing and feeling the
prostrate and wretched condition of the whole
country, he issued his Proclamation calling Con-
gress together, fresh from the people, for the pur-
pose of adopting measures to relieve the countty.
The Proclamation was no sooner issued than the
party, and the party press, from one end of the
Union to the other, denounced it in most unmea-
sured term , ard instead of showing themselves to _
b" patriots and friends to the country, and joining '
heart and hand with us to relieve the country, the
party througl out ih  country, with a few honora-
ble exceptions, pel haps, and especially upon th s
floor, have leagued theu elves together m the most
determined opposition to nearly every measure that
Was calculated to relieve the country
Eut, Mr.  Chairman, this opposition, unprinci-
pled and reckless as I am bound to say it has beer,
is nothing,  is harmless and innocent, when com-
pared with that   which  has   most unexpecidly
sprung up in our own household     Opposition did I
saj,*irl That term, sir, is too soft' It is ueason—.
the blackest treason—to ui and to the country   Pes,
t°nty wi'l a sign to these men their proper sta ion,
and I verily believe  they  will be placed side by
s de with Benedict Arnold, Aaron Buir, and Hu'l,
who surrendered his army to the British.    I   haie
«aid publicly and pnvatelv, and it is my dehbe-ate
opinion, tetany man who wou'd  do  what these
men have done, if be had been a Gereral com-
manding an army, would not have hesitated   to
have sold  them to the enemy  for gold.   Sir, if
they had been true to us, true to themselves, and
true 'o the country, we could  have carried every
measure triumphantly through, maugre the oppo-
sition of the Van Buren party, stubborn and un-
yielding as they are.   But the strangest argument
that I ha?e beard in favor of this opposition, and
pgainst our measures, is, that General Harrison
was eut off by the hand of Providence before ve
could meet him here to consummate the measures
necessary to the relief of the countrj, and this is
taken as evidence that Providence is aga nst these
measures'    I admit tbat the death of that pure
pa'riot was a great national calamity, a¡ d  especi-
ally so at the time it took p'ace.   I felt the b'ow
most keenlt, I confess,   for, independent of   the
pubic goo-4, which is always paramount, I ftlt
that I had los' a pers mal friend that was very iear
tome     Sir, there   as but one feeling throughout
th° wide West among all classes and ag«s, and,  I
might almost say, bo h parties: that was a feeling
of the deepest and most poignant sorrow,    i haie
se~n   the  veteran, whose Hern countenance had
perhaps not been softened by tear forty year", sub-
dued and overwhelmed w th grief,  and  sobbing
Ike a child, at the news of Hart'son's death.    I
have s en the same news fill the countenance of a
child only  five years old  with  the deepest sor-
row   and afflic ion,   as   though   it   had   lost   a
parent, or some   near and dear relation.     Sir,
while living, his n?m   was upon every tongue,'
and, now   daad, his memory is embalmed  m
