454_________                     APKBNDtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK                        August, Mil
27th Cbkg—.Ist Sess.                        Post Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Cushing._________________________H. of Reps.
right, iheir indefeasible right, to speak on this floor
with freedom and independence, whether their sen-
timents were in accordance with hi3 or not; it was
their right as Representa ives of the peopls to ex-
press their sentiment*.   God forb'd that he should
desire to prevent them doing so, in this or any other
matter.   He (Mr. C ) was not in the House when
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr Arnold] ut-
tered the expression supposed to have reference to
the President of the United States, upon which the
gentleman had been called to order.   Mr. C. did
not know that he could have concurred in arresting
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee if be
had been present.   The opinions and the conduct
of the President of the United States, at any rate
his official opinions and conduct, were a fair sub-
ject of criticism, of censure, nay, of obloquy in this
House, if any member of it chose to descend to the
use of obleqny in such a relation.   As to the pre-
cise terms in which any official acts of the Presi-
dent were to  be characterized by any member of
the House, that was a question more concerning
the honor of the member himself than that of the
President.   If the gentleman from Tennessee used
the language which he (Mr. C ) had heard ascribed
to him, be it so.   Bad taste, or bad temper even, in
debate here, was to be tolerated, as one of the vices
of liberty, to be sure; but yet in the ¡suppression of
debate there might be danger of suppressing liberty
itself; and he was willing to accept the evils of
freedom alongside of its blessings.   He believed
that thote blessings would incomparably outweigh
any of the necessary evils attendant upon them,
and he was willing to accommodate himself to
those evils, rather than run any r k of losing these
blessings.   And therefore it was not the particular
phraseology, it was not the spirit even, (objectiona-
ble as that was,) of the remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee, or those of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] with which ha now found
fault.    It was the idea expressed by both of them
to which he took exception, and he did this, not
only with feelings of regret so far as regarded
them,but still more out of concern for the peace
and harmony of the great party to which they in
common belonged; and it was in behalf of the in-
terests of that party, and not the interests of that
party only, but-those of the Union, and of the peo-
ple of the United States—with whose prosperity
that of the Administration was, in hu opinion,
identified—it was in behalf of these great interests
that he responded to the remarks of those gentle-
men.
The gentleman from Tennessee had applied to
the President sundry expressions of general oblo-
quy, which had neither point nor meaning in them-
selves; and he had then said, turning to the Oppo-
sition members of the House, the President belongs
to you and not to us And the gentleman from
Virginia said that he looked upon the conduct of
the President as. treachery ihe vilest and the
basest. Mr. C. said he believed the e were the
very words, and the gent enun from Virginia no's
his assent. Now, as to these opm ons, expressed
by those gentlemen, Mr C. said he joined í^sue.
He denied that those imputations were j jst or true
in any sen^e whatever, and he challenged argu-
ment upon this iSbue. These general expressions
of the gentleman from Tennessee and the gentle-
man from Virginia amoanted to nothing, they
were nothing but ball and naked declarauons of
their opinion Mr C nat «mly opposed his opin'on
to their opnion, but he went further, he denied
that the conduct ot the President ot the United
States was open to any charge of treachery, and
he challenged memberb to a candid, fair, and im-
partial argument up  that poiqt wherever and
whenever the Hou e would give him a tair field.
Mr. C. said tnat twelve moi th-> had not elapsed
since the people of the United S'at«s were convulsed
from Mime to Louisiana ly that great contpst
■which ended in the triumphant «ucce^sot the Whig
party, and in the election of the sa nted Harrison,
ard not Harrison on1 v, but 'T>ler *oo," as the
constitutional heads of in* Government, It was
the greatest political revolution wh'ch ever look
place in this country—the greatest m personal as
in mere parly change; for, m the election of 1800,
when Thomas Jefleison  ucceeded John Adams,
as also in that of 1828, whea Andrew Jaczson
succeeded John CUracy Adams, there was not
that complete disrup ion of continuity in the per-
sonnel of the Administration as when Harrison
succeeded Van Buren. In this las>t case, there
was a total change, not only in regard to measures,
but to men also
In that revolution, Mr. C. contended, as he
felt sure the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ar-
nold] and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Botto] contended, for the success of great princi-
ples, and for the success of the men representing
those pirnciples, and in whose persons those princi-
ples should bs embodied and made incarnate. He
contended for both The individuals for whom he,
in common with those gentlemen, had spoken, and
written, and labored, were placed in power, and
therefore these is no question here as to men, but
onjjr as to principles; and, if the allegation of the
gentleman from Virginia is justified by the fact, it
must be upon some question of principle that those
men were to be charged with treachery to their
party, their friends, and their country.
What were the principles m the vindication of
which the Whig par y came into power? To
judge what were their principles, it was necessary
to írquire how they were constituted, of what tren,
and professing what opinions? Go back, for in-
stance, to the time when the organization of the
party commenced—go back to its date, and inquire
and trace it down to the hour of its final trial.
Who composed it? Were they men of one identical
opinion? Were they men whose consciences
could be compressed and stamped down in the
mould of a caucus decree? Were they men of
that sameness of mind and judgment which could
only arise from placing them m *ome intellectual
bed of Procrustes, by which all should be reduced,
the great and th* small al ke, to one unvarying
measure1* On the contrary, was not that party
fuuoded, in the first p'ace, on the grsat principle of
opposit on to the then Administration, and of op-
position purely? And that opposition involving,
not identy of opinion, not slavish sameness of
thought, such as belongs only to the mere tools of
despotism, and not to freemen, possessed of con-
sciences, of honor, and opinions of their own? He
affirmed that there was never any such standard of
stagnant minded and slave-hearted sameness of
opinion in the ranks of that victorious party. And
was not the parly founded, in the second place,
on that oiher great idea of a reciprocation of ca-
tholic forbearance for ihe varying opinions of men
band d together fi r the performance of a great pa-
triot c duty— hat of ridding the coun'ry of the cor-
ruptions and misrueofthe then Administration?
He contended that there was thi> general under
sanding pervading the party, of mutual re«pectand
deference tor each othei's opinions. This was the
result of necessity The par y could nol have ex-
ited on any ot^er condition , still les& could it on
any other condit ons have conquered It was up-
on thebioad and great platfoim of oppos tnn to
the Admim-tration and of conciliation towards
each other that the members of the Whig party,
entertaining themselves opm'ons of every shade of
difference, and associated in their past history with
every diversity of party—it was upon this lofty
platform that they had plan'ed the banner of Har-
rison and Tyler, and rallied around it as the great
symbol of union and of victory for Ihe who'e peo
pie of the United States
Mr C sa d that the spec'acle which the partj
now exhib ted was a most humiliating one. In
the very freshness of our power, now that we stand
on the thieshold of greatness—now, when all the
departments of the Government, the Executive,
the Senate, and the House, hold here the power of
a triumphant and enthusiastic majority—at such a
time we alio  our«ehes to be rent asunder by in-
testine div.sions and mutual crimination. We
were doing this, not because ws have as jet failed
in any one of the ob ects for which we came into
power —not because'we have cause to expect ¡hat
we shall fail in any one of those objects—but only
because mere i¡> difference of opinion between cer-
tain members of Congress and the President as to
the time and the details of one of Ihe measures
eon'empla'ed by Congress.
Mr. C. entreated gentlemen to pause a moment
in their career of self destruction, and to reflect
upon the circumstances surrounding them, and the
events of the present Congress. We met here m
consequence of a call by the late President of the
United States, to enter upon such measures of le-
gislation as should be suggested to us by him. We
came here with the knowledge, not only that we
were a triumphant majority; but with a tort of
overweamng sense of the pwty omnipotence in;
these halls, which we were thus to exercise. la
the outset, the proceedings of the House were in-
terrupted by that most unhappy and deplorable
question of Abolition—the cause of so much idle
and fruiless agitation in this House—a question
which he hoped, at the next session, to see separated
from the question of the right of petition, and thus
rendered susceptible of ready settlement, so far
as this House was concerned. After this brief
delay, we entered upon the business of the session,
and mark the magnitude of the measures which.
Congress had already dealt with, and theeneray
with which they had been carried through the
House.
The House had, m the first place, passed the
loan bill, by which ¡he floating debt incurred by
the last Administration was separated from the
current dealings of the present, and placed by it-
self, wuh a pledge on onr pait, however, that it
shculd be extinguished and paid by the present Ad-
ministration. In the second place, we bavp passed
the ¿and Distribution bill, which, in his, Mr. C.'s eye,
if it hid no other merit, was entitled to the h ghest
consideration in being, at 'he same time, a peima-
nent prospective pre-emption bill Then we had
passed the Revenue bill, and he would sty m re-
gard to that, though he voted for it with extieme
reluctance on account of various objections of de-
tail, and with the gteater re'uetance, because in
that vote he differed from some ot his respected
colleagues, yet he thought it was due to prin"iole
that, at all hazards of personal or party popularity,
we should not shamble on from indebtedness to m.
debtednets, and should at once provide rreins to
meet the debts, and carry on the business of the Go-
vernment. Next we had passed sundry great mea-
sures ot public defence, for the augmentation of
our naval armament and the prosecution of our
land defences, which bills alone were enough to
do honor to a Congress. Next, we had passed that
great act of humanity and of justice, a-> well as of
mercy, the Bankrupt bill, by which so many thou-
sands of our fellow citizens v ould be emancipated
from the servitude of a state of insolvency, whu b.
was alike injurious bo'h to creditors and debtors.
Finally, w<? had swept from the statute book not
only trip Sub Treasury act—the sole meagre of
Mr. V?n Buren'  Administration—but also, the De-
posite act, lh<  thief mesure of General Jaek.on's
second period, and hive thus effectually put the
stamp oí the pub'ic reprobation upon all the finan-
cial policy of the la^t Administrations Several
of these bill  had already received t>e sanction
of the Executive, had become the law of the lan^,
and were beginning, already, to exert a  ala-
tary influence in the country; and m all of
them there existed, between Ihs Executive ai,d the
two Houses of Congress, a sentiment of cordial
co-operation and of common so'ict'ude for their
passage.
Now, let the House ponder, for a moment, on
these facts. Mr. C said that we m ght m vain
look back into the recent history of the cojntry for
any thing to parallel these great events He would
aver, and defy any man to contradict h.cn—he
would a ver that you might run over the Jegi lative
history of the last eight years—that not only had no
previous Congress adopted measures of legislation
of so much magnitude, somuch vaiae, and so deeply
exciting and important in cnaracter to the people
of the United States, as tlus Congress nas done; but
that, in the eight brief weeks of the p-esent Con-
gress, we might proudly poin' to the completion of
more great measures than have been accompl shed
in all the eight preceding years of the last torn Ad-
ministrations We had done great things, we bad
manifested th<> patriotism of Whig prmcip'es, the
dignity and efficiency of Whig government, and,
happen what might for the future, thus much waa
