August, 184L
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48S
2,7th Cong ... 1st Sfss.
Post Office appropriation Bi'l—Mr. Cushmq.
II. of Re] 3.
secure, and nothing could deprive the administra
Uon of Jodií Tyler of tee glory of having effec ed
these great, these noble thing', for the hoiot and
the prosperity of the pecp'e of ti e Uni ed States
Mr C sa.d thai these consider iti ns vet a per-
tinent introduction to the inqmr/ whether the Pr-
udent of the United Sates hal been ga ley of
treachery to his party and h s country Was any
man justified in making Mb heinous accusation?
Upon what cause? For «hat pretext Not be-
ca jse he aiid we had ac ed together so pionou<-ly
and so nobly in the great measures which Mr C
had enumerated, but for&ootn, «imply because
Congress and the President had differed in opinion
upon a single question, that ot a Bank, v\i for this
difference the Prudent is wantonly cha ged with a
ft al violation of faith and honor M- C said
there neve was a more groundless accusation—( ne
more totally destitute of all founda ion in truth £ind
in fact
In the first place, when and whete was Mr Ty-
ler pledgea to t^e Bank bil sof he present session?
Wh"n and where was te pie'ged to any Bank?
Neve--, any uhe'e Take the proceed ngs of the
Hamsbuig Co wention as one of a hundred tests
in regard to this question Was the Bank bill, in
any of it-, shapes, drawn out at that convention,
and suban ted to him, to be malp t e subject of a
pledge on his part? Was any Bank? Was any
Bank idea? Every man in the Unite 1 Sta esknows
that no such thing wa3 made the subject of pledge at
that Con 'entton On the contrary, all sp-c he
p'edges of any sort were purposely excluded Mr
Tyler's own opinions upon that 'uoject were a
matter of notoney, as weie Gen Harrison's, and
m the face of those opinion  t . y were nominated
by the Convention
Mr C s id he would go u th r nit on'y was
not Gen°r 1 Hiru on, „nd lea t rf <ill Mr Tyler,
pledged to these pirtienUr banlrtu 1 , oi any oth"r
form oí a Umttd Slit  B tisí, bu Hl w (}c patty
Í sell wi al Re unpledged H> b lieved the pre
c jo fact to b", fiat, although ihe is Ut> if Bank or
no Baiik was tendered to the Whigs by th  other
party, and at em its were made by that party to re-
present the idea of a Bank as the specific and dis-
ci ltamating characteristic of Wbigeiy, yet that issue
was refused, and that idea repudiated, it not um-
ver ally, yet very generally, by the organs and the
ora'ora of the Whigs. And if, as he, Mr C be-
lieved, this was the true and the pi cisc state of the
ca^e, then it i-. not he Pr «dat of >he United
States who is guilty of p^ifidv to  irds uc, bu t if
we insist trial a B nk is exclu i/U ' toe essence vf
Whig pnncip'es, then it is we who are guilty of
perfidy towards the Pies dent, and not towards the
President only, but towards the entire people of the
United States For, if the premises upon which
the gentleman from Tennessee and the gentleman
from Vngi na proceed in arraigning the conduct of
the President are true, then the Whig party has
foisted itself mío power by concea  ng from the
people of the United States the tiue is ne
Mr C admitted that throug lout tne controversy,
at any rate wherever he was, anJ he addressed pub-
lic assembi es in many of the Slat's aid on nume-
rous occasions, he admitted th tt int Whig p irty
did under ake to settle the currency q >ea on They
undertook to settle it upon principles consistent
with the prosperity and interests or the pcop'e of
tne U itd&ates Tpey cindtmníd the caTeicy
measures ot the 'ast A inuu'ra'io —'hey under-
loo* o change i s measjie  and to in roda e bet
ter ones—they denouc ccd he SnUT ea-ury, but m
don<g so they left themsel/e open and uneomrmt-
ted as to the precise means of sailing that question
If t'i<" thoughts of many gei Iciini, perhaps of
most, were turned toward  the mea of a United
States Bank, yet, in the minds of man/ others that
was an unsettled question, and in tLe minds of all,
scupe was reserved as to the time of introducing
such a measure, and as to its p'ecise de ails Tnat
was left, by commen consent, for dreu sum and
consideration wh°n the time for acfion shou d ar-
rive.
Mr C said that, m rspenlmg the Sub Treasury
act, Congress and the President had redeemed the
only distinct and notorious pledga in this matter of
the currency, to the immediate execution of which
they weie hell, in his opinion, by the events of the
late canvass tor the Preucency What should
next be done was a thing for calca and mature
reflection
Mr C said he had voted for both of the Bank
bills tnat passrd this House He had done so, no*
because he approved entirely either of those bills,
but because mere was nothing in his past or pre
sent op nions to prevent him from acquiescing in
that respect in the wishes of a majonty of his
political friends in the House He believed, for
himself, that a United States Bank, duly cons'i-
tuted, and with proper guards was one, but not
the only, mode of settling the currency question
If he had been master of the event, and had been
called upon to frame a Bank bu', it would have
differed matena'ly from both those bills. But he
voted for them in dt ference to the opinion of his
party associates m this House, and for himself he
was willing to accept their opinions, and to act
with them, as he had done at the present extra ses-
sion, so long as, without violating any conscien-
tious conviciion of right, he could do so But,
whilst himself pursuing this course, he did not
conceive that, because any gentleman might have
happened to differ from him, therefore he had any
right to denounce any such gontlemen He ad-
jured, for instance, all claim of right to denounce
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Marshall,]
or his colleague from Massachusetts [Mr Adams,]
beciuse they had seen fit to vote against the first
Bank bill They had put their votes upon consi-
derations of conscience and honor, he believed
them to be sincere then, and he believed so still.
Thus putting their votes upon their conscience
and honor, though thus differing from the great
body of their friends, no man hid a rtf_ht to arraign
their conduct, e-r insinuate any charge of trtic hery
And in the same way that those tvo gentlemen
had a right to differ with their party ass^ciites
on the BaDk bill, so Ind his < olle? lies [ VTr W in-
throp and Mr Saltonstall] in regard to the reve-
nue bill So also had the gentlemen from Georgia
a right to act on their separate ju Igment of the
land bill, and the gentlemen from Kentucky and
Virginia on the bankrupt bill So he contended
was the President of the United States entitled to
the same right of conscience, ana to exercise the
same privilege of individual ju-lgnentmhu, legis-
lative action, on bills presented to him by Congress,
and to approve them or not according to hi> con-
scient ous convictions of w la is or is not constitu-
tional or just Naj, the President of the United
States was not only entitled to the same rights of
conscience with any indnidnal member of the
House, but such «eparate exercise of his own judg-
ment, and individual submi sion to the dictates of
h s own conscience, were expressly imposed upon
him, asa distinct branch of the Government, by
the very letter < f the Constitution As an indivi-
dual, he was bound to follow the dictates of con-
science, by all those consideiations, mi ral and re-
1 aious, u hich apply to individual rn mb rs of the
House As the President of the United Slates he
was officially responsible to God, to Congress, and
to his country, for conscientioai deference to Ihe
positive command of tue Constituí on, ./hich re-
quire  him, upon his oath as President, if he consci-
entiously disapproves of any bill, to return the same
to the H us  in wricu originated And in no
print of vi w, therefore, in wheh th.s subject could
bereg?rd-d, did it become us to say that the Presi-
dent of the United S ates, invested with sUCh high
function*, and swora to ooey th° Constitu ion—'o
say, that be shoujd not exerci e the njht of con
science according to the letter and spirit of th° Con-
stitution, and to charge bim with treachery to party
tor doing that which, with his opinions and con-
vict ons, it woald be ireacheij toGul and the Con-
stitution not to do
Mr. C. said tha* this was tne light ,n -which he
viewed the rights and duties of the Whigs as a
party, of each membor of it, and especially ot the
President himself. He bad pictured to himself a
magn ficent, a sublime future of high and extraor-
dinary usefulness for the party now in power It
depended upon them, and theia alone, whether
those anticipations should be realized or not. It
could not be denied that, at this moment, we were
placed in a most critical position, th&t was too pain.
fully obvious to universal observation. And the
practical question which that paity had now to de
cide for itself, as well the members of tt among the
people at large as their Representative  here in C®n-
gress, was, whether they would concede to each
oiher, and not only to each other, but, above all, to
the President of the United States, as the actual
chief of the party, and constitutional head of the
Government, the right of conscientious judgment;
or whether, descending from that broacl platform
of catholic forbearance and mutual respect, upon
which they had originally assembled to organize
victory under the banner of " Tippecanoe and Ty-
lei too," they should take up one of the extreme
opinions of the many varying opinions existing
among them, and erect that one extreme opinion,
to the exclusion ot any and all others, into the trae
and only test of Whigism. Was the United Slates
Bunk the Beginning, the middle, and the end of
Whigism? Was there Whigism in tms, and this
alone, and out of this no Whigism? You had no
more right to mike this an exclusive test doctrine,
and to denounce and prescribe all dissentients, than
you had to make any other of the opinions of any
section or individuals the exclusive test of Whig-
ism He denounced and repelled the idea of any
such extravagant exclusiveness and intolerant
bigotry of opinion Should we undertake to repel
from us a member of this House for differing with
the majority on one of the measures of the session Í
Should we, of the House, undertake te proscribe
and unchurch the Senate, if that body should hap-
pen to differ with the House on one of those mea-
sures, or the Senate to proscribe the house for such
a difference ?' Should we, above all, undertake, in
an exclusive and extreme view of/any one of those
neasures to proscribe the President for such a dif-
ference? We might attempt to do this if we chose,
bat all we should accomplish in such an attempt
would b  tne suicidal destruction of our own party,
and the cowardly abandonment ot the power which
the people of the United States have placed in our
hands.
The people ef the United States had called us
to a great and holy mission—they had placed us m
power to discharge the exalted duties appertaining
to our station, for the purification and reform of
the Government, and the promotion of Ihe mani-
fold interests of the Union It 1& for us to decide
whether we will prove recreant to the trust the peo-
ple have confided in us, and whether, in entering
upon a parricidal warfare agams-t our own chief,
and the head of our own Administration, we will
plice an impassible gulf between him and us.
The question is a very simple one. Would we
concede to him the r ghts of conscience and of
judgment in the discharge of his high and respon-
sible duties which weour*elves claim and exercise?
It was in our power, bv cultivating a spirit of mu-
tual concession and affection, to continue to dis-
charge usefully and beneficially the great functions
vested in us, and to execute the patriotic reforms
for which the people have sent us here. But, if,
in a moment of weak and childish resentment, we
pettishly destroy our own work, we shall inevitably
incur the contempt and displeasure of the people
of the United States, and demons íate to our coun-
try and the world the fact that, whereas the diffe-
rence of opinion between a majority of Congress
and tre President was in itself but a misfortune at
mosi, our own conduct upon that difference is a
deliberate and wanton crime Th s will be the
consequence of allowing ourselves to concur in
and countenance the views of the gentleman from
Tennessee and the gentleman from Virginia. If,
actuated by the senuments which those gentlemen
avow, and the opinions they entertain, we proceed,
of our own motion, to blow into fragments the
mighty fabric of Whig ascendency, and throw up
the power we possess, merely because of the diffe-
rence of a single opinion among us, we should go
down to posterity as a Congress to which the sen-
tence of the histonsn on Galba would apply,
Dignus impern «t imperatset; having held authority
just long enough to prove to the country that we
are morally and intellectually incompetent to carry
on the Government.
Mr. C. said that he had but one other suggestion
