1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Kut, sir, the Senator from South Carolina speaks
with great emphasis of the cdpacuy of the South
fur a defensive war. Was not the revolutionary
war a defensive war? It surely was not an aggres-
sive war. 1 know that southern men are noble,
proud, gallant, and courageous. It is true of all
our people. The coward is the exception to the
rule,' whether you £0 North or South. We have
\eiy few people North who are great cowatds
p v>uo;h to he cowards, nor have you many at ihe
South. We are a gallant people. I respect my
southern brethren highly, and I am making these
comparisons only because the Senator from South
Carolina, as I thought, undertook to measure the
productions.of all northern States, and to show the
evidences of its prosperity, or want of prosperity,
as based upon an exportation of $95,01)0,000. He
certainly did it. 1 have no doubt the South have
capacity for a war of self-defense; they are a brave
people; but I think, nevertheless, that there is not
quite that hai mlebsness, and not quite that safety
in its peculiar institution, which he says. I think
the evidence of patrols all over your States, and all
your institutions fordiscipline-—I will use no other
term—in your own city, show conclusively that
you have some fear that one day a cry will be
raised that will break upon yourear like an alarm-
bell in the night; and I cannot avoid the inference
that you cannot have quite that capacity, even in j
a war of defense, which you would have but for j
that very thing. !
In the war of the Revolution this same Stnte of .
South Carolina was called upon by the Continen-
tal Congress to furnish her quota of troops; she
was asked to supply 13,800 for that war, and she
did supply 5.508. Alassachusetts supplied GO,000
for the Continental line. I find that in 1775 South
Carolina was asked to supply no men, and she
supplied none. I do not nnd the requisition made ,
upon her in 1776, but she supplied 2,069. In
1777 the requisition or quota demanded of her by
the Continental Congress was 4,080, and she sup-
plied 1,050. In 17i8 the quota demanded of her '
was 3,132, and she supplied 1,650. In 1779 no ,
requisition was made. In 1780 the requisition was
fpr3, 32, and she did noi supply a nidii. In 17SI 1
the requisition was 1,152, and she did not supply
a man. In 17G2 the requisition was 1,152, and
she did not supply a man. In 1783 the requisi- :
tion was 1,152, and she did supply 139. ] think ;
these are the best evidences as to the condition of !
our whole country. I know you of the South i
have a climate more favorable than ours. I have j
quoted no table here for the purpose of disparag- 1
ingthe South. God forbid. Whatever may be j
hei prosperity, I glory in it; but when you under- ;
take toanaijn her against the North, and to dis- !
parage the North by diminishing her pi oductions ;
to an exportation of §95,000,000, I think 1 am
justified in coming here and quoting facts and 1
figures, show mo; what 1 think is pretty conclusive
evidence of our prosperity and of the suipius '
winch we really produce. But for the remarks of |
the Senator from South Carolina I certainly would ;
not have gone into this view of the matter. j
Mr. President, I pass now from the consid- j
eration of this subject to discuss very briefly the
practical question that is before us. I would
very gladly go over the whole field o s it presents
itself to my mind; but I have ah cad y tresp.tssed
too long on the time of the Senate to do so. I
therefore propose to state, succinctly aw I can,
the points which F think are material, and the
reasons which will control my vote at le-ist, if
not the votes of others, upon the bill before us.
First, 1 object to yoking the living with the dead.
You passed an enabling act, as you called it, for
Minnesota. 1 attach no sort of importance to any
act in relation to aTerritory which authorizes her
to adopt a constitution preparatory to her admis-
sion into the Union as a State, except this: when
Congress voluntarily passes a bill proscribing the :
terms to a Territory, and saying that, if she will ;
adopt and follow them, she shall be admitted, it :
imposes an obligation upon us to do so m good i
faith, if she does not substantially follow the
provisions of the enabling act, she is entitled to I
no benefit from it. If she does, as a matter of i
good faith, she is entitled to admission under its
provisions Wc did so by Minnesota. If, there-
fore, siie has substantially followed the line which
vvh i;Ktiked out for her, in good faith, in honor,
a.jfi in honesty, wc are bound to admit her.
Wv did iioUung in relation to the Temtory of
Kansas, and she comes here, therefore, with no
implied obligation upon our part to admit her.
We may do so. I do notthink it is of any earthly
importance whether we authorize a Territory to
form a State constitution or not. The question
with me, and the only question, is, is the instru-
ment before us the constitution of the people of
the Territory? 1 learned agreat many years ago,
and it is a doctrine I shall carry with me to my
grave, that governor nts are founded upon, and
derive their powers f>om, the consent of the gov-
erned; thatgovernmcmscire instituted forthe peo-
ple. If the people of aTerritory come here with
a constitution, I only desire to know that it is in
truth and in fact their will. If it is their will,
and everything else is right, I will vote for their
admission. If it is not their will, I do not care
whether you have passed enabling acts, I do not
care whether they have made their constitution
with or without enabling acts, I will not vote for
their admission. The two cases are here sought
to be connected. Why? Is it to make one carry
the other? Is it for the purpose of forcing Kansas
into the Union upon the back and by the strength
of Minnesota? You cannotavoid that conclusion.
Then I come to th« amendment which is offered
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii;] an amend-
ment which, in my-judgment, amounts to just
nothing at all. I shall not pause to read it; but
I think it commences by saying that " nothing
herein contained shall prevent the people of the
State of Kansas from amending their constitu-
tion." What does the word " herein" refer to ?
This bill that we are pas- mg. If you adopt that
amendment, it will be ineffective entirely. There
will be no efficiency or pov/ei in its language.
There is nothing in the bill, one way or the other,
on the point. The question is as to the power
under the constitution. If his amendment had
said that nothing in the constitution shall pievent
the people of that State from altering or amend-
ing it, there would have been some force in it; but
the amendment of the Senator says, " nothing
heroin contained. " Herem" refers to the bill
before us, and surely there is nothing therein con-
tained on this point. The question is as to the
power winch the people have under the constitu-
tion. If they have it, we cannot take it away,
if they have it not, we cannot impart it.
Then comes the amendment which is proposed
by my friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
That amendment meets the objection. Whether
it is wise or unwise to adoptsuch an amendment,
I shall not now stop to inquire. I will, however,
say that I do not hold that we have any right to
make constitutions; we have a simple right to ad-
mit States; stiil we have a i lght to determine upon
what terms and conditions wc will leceive a part-
ner into this Confederacy. We may i eject her
because we do not like the teams on which she
proposes admission. I do not care what those
tormsare; if, in the jud^mentof a majority of Con-
gress, the terms aie not satisfactory, we may re-
ject her, and wo mav continue to reject her until
the terms on which «ho presents herself are satis-
factory. There has ne\er been a State admitted into
this Union upon which we have notimposed terms
and conditions. Yon have provided that they
shall not tax your public lands, and the taxing
power lies at the basis uf evevy government. It
is the foud o.i which a government must live; but
you deny th- m the i i^ht. It is a condition which
you have widely imposed, and you had a right to
impose it.
That is the way in vv hieh the bill is practically
presented to us heie to-day. I shall now run over
the line or argument which I had proposed to dis-
cuss, but which I will not fur want of time. In
1851 we were quiet, and there was no ripple upon
the political g. a. All was quie', and the agita-
tions that had disturbed the country had ceased.
Then the demand was made that the Missouri
compioniise hue should be repealed; and what
for? For no other purpose on God's earth than
to extend slavery. That v/as its object. I do not'
mean to accuse every Senator who voted for it of
having that design specifically in his mind; but I
judijc of acts by their result. I judge of acts by
svhat we have a right to infer must be their nat-
ural and nee? ssary result, if they did not mean
to extend slave* y, why repeal it ? What good did
it do? They did nu'tui it; that was the public
meaning; that was the intention and the design
of the bill; and it was for that purpose that the
■ compromise line was repealed. First, a govern-
| ment was set up in that Territory by a class of
! men who invaded it. Nobody doubts it, nobody
j denies it, who has any regard for correctness.
After a successful usurpation in this Territory,
1 your Government sent in troops to support that
: government which had thus been set up in usur-
pation; and just so often, and just whenever any
Governor that you sent there, coming from the
North or the South, had learned what was the
true state of things, and had fraternized with the
majority of the people there, he was either dis-
missed or compelled to resign for fear of dis-
missal.
Then I come to this very act that is presented
here as evidence of what was intended as to the
| institutions of the Territory. I take the dismis-
j sal of the last acting Governor, Mr. Stanton, as
! still another evidence. No sane man doubts that
i there would have been a collision in that Territory
■ if he had not callcd together the Legislature for
I the purpose of affording the people such relief
j as they thought they mi^ht rightly demand, and
| could get, under legislative action. I take it, that
! nobody doubts that but for his calling the Legis-
| laturc together, there would have been a collision;
but because he did, he subjected himself to the
displeasure of the powers that be, and he was dis-
missed. Why dismissed ? Simply, and for the
reason, that he wanted the people of the Territory
to express their opinion upon a subject in which
they had such a deep and vital interest. It has
been the grave-yard of Governors, and it will be
the grave-yard of the present Governor, if you
keep him there much longer. I never spoke to the
I man; I do not care who he is; I do. not care how
coi rupt a man is who goes out there; but when he
' mingles with the masses, and sees and feels what
is there exhibited, he will come,if he is not a devil
incarnate, to the same conclusion that every Gov-
ernorhas whohas been theie—that there isaright
which belongs to those people, and that he will
aid in maintaining it. A constitution has been
! formed in Kansas, and this bill proposes to ac-
cept it as the constitution of the people of Kansas.
1 Have they formedit? Thatisthe allegation. How
' did they form it? They formed it by virtue of
an enactment which emanated from the Territo-
; rial Legislature. In my judgment, that was well
! enough, if it were the act of the people. All de-
i pends on that. Indeed, if the constitution was
; framed in a mass meeting, or by delegates electcd,
| even without law, and it were still the act of the
; people, it would satisfy me. All would depend
! on that. Of course, the will of the people must
; be so expressed that there can be no doubt upon
, the point.
I But! hold that your Territorial Legislature may
, pass ail the laws they choose to pass for the
i formation of a State constitution: they may form
! constitutions in any way they choose; but until
! they receive the approval of a majority of the
; people upon whom the constitution is to act, they
! are no better than so much blank paper with me.
! When the'people of the Territory approve it, it
j is to be regaided as binding; and I do not care
] myself how they approve it; I do not care whether
I it is by a vote at the polls, or by an expression
, of their opinions sent here to us by petitions; but
| I want to know the fact of their approval, and
! I want to know it in such a way that there shall
j be no reasonable doubt about it; and when 1 get
[ the fact I am satisfied. Strictly in a legal sense,
] neither of these methods may be correct; but in
, the equitable view which I take, either method
; will answer if the constitution receives the ap-
i proval of those persons interested in it. That is
| all I demand; and, so far as the peonle of the
j Territory can act, that is all they can do.
i Another thing: that constitution can take effect
I only when the Territory is admitted as a State
I by us. Then it goes into operation—not till then.
| Suppose Congress had authorized Kansas to frame
i a constitution; suppose Kansas had done so; sup-
j puse an undoubted majority of all the people of
: that Territory had approved that constitution,
! and she had come heie; still it could not take
, effect until we had admitted her. Suppose in that
, case we, for some cause, suiHcient m our own
judgment, should reject her: would that oonsti-
■ fufcion amount to anything? Ceitamly not. It is
the admission of the Territory as a State that
guvs vitality to the constitution.
Now, is tliiss constitution that of the people of
