THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
custom among seamen, and I presume these cod
fishermen" are like all the rest.
It would be well if any mercantile Power like
ourselves could, in the'event of a war, rely upon
having our national Vessels manned by native or
naturalized seamen; but that is a chimera; we
cannot' expect it; we cannot offer them induce-
ments enough to go into the business; they get
higher inducements on shore. In the event of
a war to-morrow, if we adopted the privateering
system, our native and naturalized citizens would
rush into the privateers, because there a different
discipline, "the hopes of larger reward, and the
prospect of office and promotion, hold out greater
inducements. In the war of 1812, it is well-kno wn
that we had a very large proportion of foreign
seamen. It was charged'upon us repeatedly that
we were using extraordinary devices to entice
seamen from the ships of Great Britain; and it has
been correctly remarked by the Senator from New
Hampshire, that the impressment of those men
from our vessels brought on hostilities. We all
recollect or have read the incident of the ship Bal-
timore, from which five seamen were taken, and
there were other similar cases which preceded the
War. The hostility of British and Irish and Scotch
seamen to their own service was very great, in-
deed; it broke out on all occasions. Whenever
an American ship went alongside an English ship
she received deserters night and day.
I will only allude here to the case of the Essex.
Gentlemen may possibly recollect that Captain
Smith was in the Essex,at Portsmouth, in 1811.
The commodore of the port sent an officer on
board, notifying him that he had British seamen
in his vessel who were deserters, and the officer
identified one. The man claimed that he was an
American; bat he could produce no proof of that;
and on the other hand it was proved that he was
a Scotchman. This man, rather than give up,
took the carpenter's hatchet, and deliberately cut
off his left hand, and holding it up in his right
hand, gave it to the officer who came after him.
That is not a solitary instance; but it shows the
repugnance the British seamen had at that lime
to going into their own service. The Constitu-
tion subsequently went into an English port and
surrendered a seaman to a British officer because
the seaman acknowledged that he was an Eng-
lishman. Our officer undertook to prove by the
rolls that he was an American, and they had no
proof that he was an Englishman except his own
acknowledgment; but the commodore of the Brit-
ish station said they must take that proof. On
the following day an Irishman, whose language
■would betray him anywhere, swam on board the
Constitution, and when he was demanded the
next day, and was called up, he told the British
commodore to his face, in the broadest Irish
brogue, that he was an American, and Commo-
dore Hull immediately said he must take the dec-
laration of the man, as he had been served so on
the previous day; and there the matter ended.
If it were necessary, I could go into an invest-
igation of this matter, and show that a very large
proportion of the men who fought m our national
vessels were men picked up from all paris of the
world. Your veritable seaman is a cosmopolitan.
He goes where he can get the most wages and
the best service; and the very moment he becomes
identified with a locality like these Cape Cod
men, he ceases to be a seaman; he will not go to
sea if he can get money enough to buy a farm, ,
and slay on shore. Your true seaman is a man |
who has no home but the sea; who seeks the j
highest prize-money, the largest wages, and the j
best treatment all over the world. 1 have taken \
some pains to poll our ships to prove this fact, j
We all recollei tCommanderingraham'sdifficulty j
at Smyrna. When he came home, he polled his '
ship; and he found that he had nineteen Ameri-
cans out of one hundred and seventy seamen. I
have had several ships polled myself to show this
fact; and before the increase of wages to eighteen
dollars a month, there generally proved to be one
American in five seamen. Since the increase of
wages, the proportion is about one in three; and
we are getting a better class of American seamen
every day since the increase of wages._
The merchant service in our coun try is the true
nursery for seamen. It is the nursery because it
gives them the highest rewards; it treats them
best; it attracts them. The wages out of New
York now to other ports than San Francisco—for
sailors are all anxious to get to California aver-
age from nineteen to twenty-five dollars a morith.
That makes the general ineome of the merchant
sailor about equal to that of one in the Navy.
When they get from twenty-three to twenty-four
dollars in the merchant service, the sailor will
make more by going into the Navy at eighteen
dollars, because the voyage is longer; he pre-
serves his money, and has no temptation to spend
it. But the Senate will see that the merchant ser-
vice of the United States, with its regulated dis-
cipline, its excellent rations, superior to those of
any other country, its short voyages, its rapid
promotions, and the facility with which natural-
ization papers may be obtained, and an interest
in the voyage taken, must necessarily attract the
choice seamen of the whole world to it. .The
merchant service of the country is the nursery of
seamen; and of the number of our seamen, two
hundred thousand, the cod fishermen, who are
only thirteen thousand, are bu'Mf'small propor-
tion; and I do not think that at this day they de-
serve any peculiar encouragement. I will not
say anything now on the question of bounty.^ I
would not vote for any bounty; but I am meeting
the argument that this is a nursery for seamen.
The Senator from New Hampshire, in connec-
tion with this matter, has alluded particularly to
this disposition to cherish the Navy He says he is
its best friend, having warred against its abuses.
Well, sir, I suppose that those whom we love we
chasten most; and on that principle, no doubt,
the Senator from New Hampshire is a good friend
of the Navy, because he has brought in a propo-
sition to abolish it altogether, and to employ na-
val officers as we employ other men, when we
want them,and pay them, and get them from the
merchant service, or otherwise—in other words,
to have a navy on the spur of the moment, to fee
a naval officer as you would a lawyer—hire him
for a special service.
I do not suppose that any bounty we could give
to any particular branch of industry would work
any better than the present system does by pro-
ducing American seamen. I presume that, under
our existing trade, we shall get the choice seamen
in the world. Now, to show how our tonnase
has increased, let me refer to a few facts. In 1815,
we had but 1,368,127 tons; and I see by the re-
turn of registered tonnage this year we have
4,940,843 tons. In other words, without any par-
ticular bounties, except those to the cod fishery,
we have outstripped all the nations of the world \
in our tonnage and in our seamen; we have the
best seamen in the world. If you take a seaman
from the northern coast of Europe, where many
of our men come from, and put him on board an
American vessel with the improvements in navi-
gation, uuder American officers, and he is known
in twelve months to become another man. The
French seaman, the seaman of the Baltic, the sea-
man of the British Channel, the Fin, the Scotch-
man, the Irishman, who engages in sea service,
is nothing but a seaman. I5oets have immortal-
ized this idea. Every poet of the sea has told
you that the home of the sailor is upon the deep, j
and Barry Cornwall, in his celebrated song of the ,
sea, has made his hero say that the moment he is ;
on the shore he sighs for the deep blue sea. So j
it is, sir. The boy, when he is six or seven years ;
of age, is put to sea. He thrives upon kicks and ;
cuffs, and he comes, in the course of time to such j
a condition that nothing but kicks and cuffs and
rough usage will answer These Cape Cod men
that you talk about, are more or less gentlemen;
they are men who have families on shore, a home,
kindred, friends, ties—all binding them down to
their native coasts. They will not subject them-
selves to the rough usages of seamen, and you
never find tliem in the merchant marine, or in the
Navy. If we had a privateer service they would
go into it, and they would be captains, mates, and
owners of vessels, and get prize-money; butthey
do not go into our Navy or our merchant ser-
vice.
In 1812,1 know well that the fight which gave
the American Navy a history to write, which cre-
ated the greatest eclat, which tore the trident of
invincibility from Great Britain at once, and reared
us up into a first-class naval Power, was fought
principally by Marblehead and northern fisher-
men. If you take the pay-roll of the Constitution
to-day, you will find Yankee names on it prevail- ><
ing throughout the whole roll. But I would Say .
that, however necessary it might be in the com-
mencement of a war to continue this bounty, the
wisdom of Congress was just at that time, for
they only continued it during the war. When
the bounty was repealed, as "I said before, the
whole common sense of the country concurred nj
it; and I find that, in the House of Representa-
tives, the vote stood 125 for the repeal to only 5
against it. Here in this enlightened.day, (1858,)
with all these facts before us, with free-trade prin-
ciples afloat, with protection surrendered, j?o*
finding an advocate on this floor, I think the time
has come when gentlemen representing the dis-
tricts which enjoy this bounty should rise grace-
fully and say: " We want it no more; we have
profited by it; but now we will agree to give the
§300,000 a year we receive as fishing bounty as
an addition to the wages of Seamen in the mer-
chant and naval service."
I shall not detain the Senate longer. I have
already said more than I intended. I may have
gone over ground that has been occupied by oth-
ers; but my apology is, that I have not heard the-
debates heretofore on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I.did wish, at
the close of the remarks of the Senator from Ne.w
Hampshire, to say something; but he i's not in
his seat, and I will say nothing now in relation
to that allusion which he made to me, and which,
I hope, is more in accordance with the courtesy
of the Senate and the sentiments of a gentleman
than my judgment would decide.
The question which is before the Senate, though
it is an amendment, involves in the debate the
whole subject of the proposition to repeal the
bounties paid to the cod fishermen. The question
has two views, to which I propose generally to
refer, for my physical condition will not enable
t/\ rrrt intrt th<i Stalls, mv friend from Ala-
me to go into the details, and m.y friend from Ala-
bama has so ably covered the whole ground, that
it would be quite superfluous for me to attempt it,
if my condition were other than what it is.
The division,I think,is between thepowerand-
the policy. The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
senden,] in his argument yesterday, called on the
Senator from Alabama to show what clause in the
Constitution prohibited it. That is not the rule,
sir. It rests upon the other party to show what
clause in the Constitution grants it. The Federal
Government is made up of grants. It has no in-
herent power; it possesses nothing perse; and has
now only what the Constitutfbn gave to it; and it
therefore devolves on those who claim any par-
ticular legislation, that they shall show whence
they derive the authority; not call upon those who
object to show that it is prohibited in the Constitu-
tion. I can very well perceive from what clause of
the Constitution the power was originally drawn.
When it was in the form of a drawback upon the..
foreign salt which was used in curing fish, it was
easily referable to the power to regulate commerce.
When, however, it was made to rest upon a dif-
ferent basis, that of cheap food for the poor, it
had no clause in the Constitution to which it
could be referred. When it assumed, the form
which it now occupies, that of a means of provid-
ing sailors for the Navy, it would have to be re-
ferable to the naval power; and when you reach
that point, the power to maintain a Navy, it im-
mediately becomes a question of policy whether
this is the best mode of maintaining a Navy or
not. Now, if gentlemen on the other side of this
question will prove to me that this is the best
mode of maintaining a navy, I concede the policy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him, as he has alluded to me.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he could not have
attended to my remarks. I might have put such
a question as he states; but 1 went on to take the
same ground he is now taking in reference to the
derivation of the power.
Mr. DAVIS. Unfortunately I have not been
able to read the Senator's remarks; I only get at
them as I listened to them. I thought he put the
argument as I stated H; but I am glad to be cor-
rected I say, then, that if they can establish that
this is the best and cheapest way of maintaining
a navy, I have no constitutional objection to this
mode of appropriating money, though, as a mat-
ter of policy, I should say it was an indirect, and
therefore an objectionable mode. It is within the
power, but still bad policy. But if that be true,
then yau should include all fishermen; and you
