1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kansas? It is no such thing. The people repu-j
diato it. [t Was conceived in sin, and was brought
forth in fraud. It has never been submitted to |
thI'm by the parties who made it. i
Whether slavery should exist in the Territory ;
by virtue of the constitution, or whether the arti-
cle in the constitution should be stricken out, and
slavery should exist under the schedule to the |
constitution, was what was submitted. It was
slavery either way. On that proposition some
six thousand votes, or more, were returned, where
itisnow proved butabouttwo thousand fiveliun-
dred were given
still all courts which administer laws are clothed
with equity powers. All courts are clothed with
equity powers to prevent a greater wrong.
" It h a common  -avmjr, and a ti ue,
That Strictest law is oit the hignest wrong."
Forms of law ! Why let us rather see to it that
! the substance of the law is executed and justice
' done.
• We are clothed with equity powers beyond
; those which obtain in a court; and we are making
| laws; wearenotadministeringthem. We ought at
| the meie suggestion of wrong to these people, to
v,^ b  . | go to the very basis, and ascertain whether we are
It is now asserted that the convention which | ai)0u^ to perpetrate a wrong and force upon them
made this. Lecompton constitution having failed t; a government which is not their own. Hat, sir, in-
to submit it to the people for rejection or ap- , j gfeafj 0f that we are here day after day with petty
proval, it could not be afterwards done by the ju<rg],nj£ and pettifogging, claiming to proceed
Territorial Legislature. 1 deny that doctrine en- ,: {jn^^r the forms of law, forgetting* the substance,
tirely. The vitality, the legal shape of the con- ■; jg the substance ? What is the n^ht?
stitution, may come from the convention; but jj ^jlat care \ here in making laws, for what may
why do we submit it in any case to the people? sj be a form ? What is the substance ? What is the
Simply and only for the purpose of learning ; great equity of the case; and as a legislator it is
whether it is their act. That is all we want to {]uty to apply myself to that. What ts right?
know. It mattered not whether submission was 1 wfoatisjust? Let th'at be done and all will be well,
on the 21st of December or on the 4th of January. ■; Forms of law! God knows there is nothing
At any time, any hour, before we are called upon > but form in it. Forms of law 1 Long years ago
to act, the people of the Territory have a lignt to t|ie mr>ther country undertook to oppress these
express their approval or disapproval of that m- ; coiomes by forms of law, but not as unjustly as
strument. The only object of submission is to !, sve jlfive niled the people of Kansas; and she per-
learn the will of the people. So that we get that s| secute(j that great and noble patriot, John Harap-
will before we act, is all that is necessary. That | under the forms of law, and for his love of
will is expressed in the vote given on the 4th of
January.
The President, in his message, tells us that he
has not heaid what the vote on the 4th of Janu-
ary was; but we all know, as certainly as we know
any fact of a general character, that, on the 4th
of January, there was an overwhelming majority
of the people of that Territory reprobating, reject-
ing this very instrument. They scorn to recog-
nize it as anything of theirs, or any instrument
which ought to be binding upon them.
Now, sir, we are about to have this constitu tion
forced on the people of the Territory of Kansas.
What will they do? God only can tell. I do not
know. 1 have no advice to give them; but I can
say this: the people in that country have come
from all sections; they embrace the Huguenots of :.
the South, who left their country to enjoy ielt-
gious freedom on this continent, as well as the
Puritans of the North; they embrace the Cavaliers 1'
of Virginia, who came into tins country toestab- ■
lish a Government which should secure them in
their rights; and I do not believe that the sou it
of the Puritans, the Huguenots, or the Cavaliers
is quite yetextinct. If Congress shall undertake, j
in its power, to force a constitution and a State _
government upon that people, when it has only a
right to admit States, not to make them, they are
a people who aie only fit to be slaves, and they ,
will only be slaves, if they do not lvsist it to the ;
last extremity. 1 put it to any Senator, and I ,
ask him what would he do, standing in a com- 1
munity where he knew Federal bayonets were
about to force upon him a government wmch was j
to deprive him of his rights5 I ask any one who ■
is about to vote for this great wrong, what would .
he do ? Would he not resist it to the bitter end, j
and to the last extremity ? If he would not, the
blood of the Anglo-Saxon race does not circulate
; liberty. There is one other aet which has been
perpetrated under the forms of law, to which I
will allude, and then I shall have done.
Under the forms of law despotism is created.
Under the forms of lav/, all the wrongs of which
the mind of man can conceive have been perpe-
trated. Under the forms of law, and in the name
of libertv, liberty itself has been stricken down.
In the name and under the forms of law, the Son
of man was arraigned and stretched upon the
cross. Under the forms of law you are about to
do an act here, unequaled in turpitude by any-
thing that has been recorded m all the progress
of time, save that event to which I have just M-
luded. In all history, save the crucifixion of
Christ, there is no act that will stand upon the
record of its pages in after time of equal turpitude
with this act. The purpose of it is to extend hu-
man slavery; and 1 may well inquire—
" Js thM tho <L)v fi-r u- to ^o\v
Thc £Oil of v i1 'i t' • cm one with >tave v* - ■ of woe: _
Tofenl wall om iroiU iiie-LUK.-G u> Oh! YVmhla cast-on
cnui''.
Diopp^ti mon^ttous errly-luini uom the tircu
lap of True
Mr. SEBASTTAX. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a .short time while I consider the
subject before us; not in us general and enlargi d
relations, but in the limited aspect which it [.re-
sents as a practical cpu-stion connected with the
legislation of the day.
"air. President, the most remarkable feature in
the discu-isions and proceedings which havej,ri-
gmated here as to the domestic affairs of Kan-
sas, and its right to mold its own institutions in its
own way, is, that we are earnestly seeking to in-
tervene, when non-i.Uervtmtion is the great prin-
ciple upon which we p-opos^ to act. V, e are
usurping the consideiauon of those very ques-
1 tions that were ivtcrred to the people of tnat IVr
in his veins. I believe they will resist it; I be-     ••  . • ,
Iieve they will do what is their duty; and if they ritory; and more restrictions and un ,®so the
do, I only desire to add, that the responsibility ,j rights ot the people are sought to be emorced U.an
must be with those who have placed them in such !] were removed from tnt-m nj ne lepca '
an emergency. If men fight for their domestic ,! soun restriction. W e arequt'saoning uiccxeicise
, there of the very powers which We have heieab-
^ --rental sov.-
emergency.
altars, you must not complain of them for doin
it, when you have forced that emergency upon !'; dicated,and under the pretext of' lJ
them; nor, let me add, must you blame those who , ereignty " held in abeyance an '
shall rally to their support. But 1 cannot enlarge ;! them, to emascu.ate tneir g-ica *  
unon these matters as I would. I must leave ,■ doin of all its vauie and its virtues, rhfttforaous
them, with a brief allusion to one other point. J restriction imposed upon ttie Pe^P   ^ ^
Mr. President, this is all to be done under the H tones but on
(< forms of law.
of law," until it has become painful to my ear. i1 source o
inability—a grievous and an oifen-
1 have heard this phrase "forms h sive one—a professed bond ofpcace, but a fruitful
I--- '—  • > • .  '■ source of sectional discoid, x hat was removed,
and the question which it had arbitianly deciacd
was referred to its proper arbiters, the people 01 the
respective Territories. Now, when "the people, in
the'exercise of then highest powets, have determ-
ined this question, and seek to give repose to tne
country, a new element of discord appears; new
and fearful issues are presented, as menacing as
the oid. They have settled^ this question ill the
formation of a State constitution, and now the
very validity of that constitution l? questioned,
Farms of law! Will you tell me of the worst
despotism that ever existed, thatdid not rest upon
forms of law ? Will you tell me of the wickedest
act that has ever been'perpetrated by any govern-
ment, that has not been done under the forms of
law? We sit not here, sir, in the capacity of a
court to adjudicate and to construe the laws that jj ;
have been' made; we are here for the purpose of j ■
exercising our power upon broader principles oi
equity man those which belong to courts; but
its provisions assailed, and the .form of its adop-
tion denounced. ' Indeed, almost every dWectiai
which is urged here to the admissiyn of Kansas
| is such as has been already, determined By Kan-
1 sas herself, in her own way; ami Were'that Tet>
| ritory. to be denied admission iiitq t!\e Union osa.
| State, it would present'the anomaly of conferring
rights upon a Territory and punishirig her for ex-
ercising them;, of enabling then ~to •'-form,tilfeir
domestic institutions in their own way,"
quarreling with them because they had not fot'jned
them in " our way." 5t wonld be to tradsrer'tlif
discords of Kansas to the Halls of Congress, and
make national issues of Kansas quarrels; and, iij
the spirit of jealous and captious power, review
the internal politics of that Territory upon the
question of her admission into the Union. Mr.
President, let us not mistake the true issue here,
and confound the great question between the
Union and Tfansaswith the smaller discords and
rivalries of parties and factions there.
A preliminary question arises, which demand^
a passing notice. The friends of Kansas and
Minnesota propose to unite their fortunes arrd
their destinies tn the same measure. This is^
step in the right direction; and £ rejoice that each
section, through its national men of whateve'r
party, can in this manner give earnest to ca&h.
other of their loyalty to a common faith. One
is a free and the other a slave State; and ea_c.Ii,
in the exercise of the acknowledged right to fdrin
its domestic institutions according to its own
views, has arrived at quite different results, alid
shaped them in different molds. It may be the
last opportunity which is afforded of thus testing,
the sincerity and integrity of those who profess
devotion to the principles of popular rights in the
I Territories. Such instances have occurred before,
and this scheme is not without precedents.- Iowa
i and Flouda were admitted together, and in the
i same bill; while Arkansas and Michigan, though
! not embraced in the same bill, the historical fact
I is notorious that they were considered as kindred
and dependent measures, and supported by the
same influences. Tlus coincidence, of course, is
no attempt to revive the idea of preserving- the
balance.of power, by admitting a slave and a frea
State together. That ephemeral security for the
constitutional equality of the rights of the south- .
i ern States has passed away forever. It was vir-
i tually destroyed in the admission of California;
1 and the progress of events renders all hope of the
restoration of that equilibrium in the Senate more
desperate and delusive every day. The free States
of this Union have outstripped the southern States
in the march of empire, and the rapid, if not pre-
cocious, development of population and forma-
tion of States. \Yit'll their preponderance of pop-
ulation, their large accessions from Europe, and
the constant stream of emigration from the south-
ern States to the free States of the Northwest and
■ the Pacific, they have accelerated the laws of pop-
ulation, and established a disparity between the
two sections of the Union, which it is in vain to
expect will ever be diminished or destroyed-
' in the race of progress, of development, of em-
: pire, or aegrnndizement, v/e in the southern
States have been distanced, it is a result at which
i we neithercomplain nor repine. This great Union
■ is not a partnership of sections, but a Union of
i States; and, whether slave or fiee, of republican
States. The southern States seek not empire or
' ayrandizement. In those additions to the Union
! supposed to have been made under the agency
'.and influence of the southern States, the north-
i ern States have had ever the lion's share ill the
! benefits which followed.
| These accessions were but contributions to the
i national wealth and strength, to the greatness
| and glory of the Union. We claim no monopoly
j of them, but only an equal right to the enjoyment
< of a common inheritance. Whether this consists
I of constitutional rights—the security of our insti-
j tuitions, the settlement of the common domain—
j or the additions of new members to our great
i famiiy ofStates,out-rights arcequaland theSama.
We would place no part of this national heritage
! under the dominion of any section, or mold their
: institutions in conformity with any will but that
: of the people with whose welfare they are con-
< nected. While this uijion of States, equal m dig-
nity and rights, is preserved, there should b?po
, association but that between equals. Whatever
the diversities of institutions, founded in
