1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
its national debt. Imposts on foreign commerce,
andnotdirecttaxes,are the resources, the system,
by which Governments are maintained through-
out the world in this age. In order to provide for
our national debt, besides appropriating the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, it was ne-
cessary to foster and encourage commerce. The
United States at that time furnished comparatively
no merchants, no trade; and it was necessary to
call that trade into being. For that purpose, two
institutions or systems were adopted. One was
the establishment of navigation laws, which prac-
tically gave bounties to our ship-builders, by pref-
erences in trade, amounting almost to exclusion,
in favor of vessels navigating the waters of the
United States which were built within the United
States. This act was copied from the great policy
of Cromwell, when at the head of the Common-
wealth of England, from which dated the down-
fall of its great adversary, the Republic of the
Netherlands, and the subsequent growth and now
perfect development of the British Empire.
The other of these institutions was a nursery
for seamen. This nursery, like any other, in
order to be prolific, in oider to be successful, must
be established in a climate congenial with it; and
that climate which was congenial with it was the
rocky shores of New England, where agriculture
and trade offered the smallest seductions. The
Government of the United States, in 1789, prob-
ably did not mistake and make an erroneous cal-
culation on that subject, because they built upon
the policy of the Biitish Government—a policy
which had already secured to the colonies of Great
Britain the advantages and resources and strength
by which they were enabled to emancipate them-
selves from the mother country.
The manner in which the system worked was
simpleenouih. Landsmen were tempted by boun-
ties to enter into the cod fisheries. It was, as stated
by my excellent friend from New Hampshire,
immaterial whether they took cod or mackerel,
provided they became watermen, and became ac-
customed to the enterprises and dangers of a sea-
fciimg life. In that way the system of commerce
was established, and upon that basis the naval
power of the United States was established. For
these purposes the bounties have continued: and
why shall they now be abandoned? Have they
been unfruitful in their results? The cod fisheries
of the United States alone, to-day, exceed five
times in tonnage the cod fisheries of the tinned
States in 1789. There lias been only a period of
foui years during that long time in which the
bounties were withdrawn, and during those four
years the tonnage fell off from twenty-five thou-
sand tons to seventeen thousand tons. The very
first year after the bounties were restored the ton-
nage rose from seventeen thousand tons to thirty-
four thousand tons, and has gone on increasing
ever since.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to correct an error in the
Senator from New York. He said, if 1 under-
stood him aright, a moment ago, that the tonnage
m the cod fisheries,at this time, exceeded by more
than fivefold the tonnage in 1769.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, the tonnage in the fish-
eries, in 1790, was represented by Mr. Ames, at
that day, to be thirty-one thousand eight hundred
and forty-two tons. The average tonnage during
the last decade, in the same fisheries, has been
about ninety thousand—not three times as great
as it was at that day, according to the represent-
ation of Mr. Ames, in his speech of 1792.
Mr. SEWARD. I am obliged to my honora-
ble friend; but I am substantially right, I think.
I did not say more than five times; but five times
the tonnage"in 17S9. By the official leport before
me, it appears that the tonnage employed in the
fisheries m that year was nineteen thousand eight
huiidted and ninety tons, and m 1851 the tonnage
was ninety thousand—piactically, five times as
much. Besides the objects, we all know, were
not the talcing of cod fish, or the taking of any
other fi<di; but the objects were the collateral ones,
the national ones, the great public purposes of the
increase of commerce, and of strengthening and
increasing the national power.
Now, what hos been the practical result? Why,
sir, m ten years from the time this policy of the
United Stales was adopted, we became agieat car-
rying nation; and, during the wars ot the Rrench
Revolution, we maintained and secured to our-
selves, and enjoyed, until it was prostrated by the
hostility of the belligerents, the carrying trade of
the whole of Europe.
When those wars culminated in a war of our
own, what was that war for but to maintain these
two great interests—to vindicate with the power
of the nation, at the hazard of the existence of the
nation itself, these two great interests of commerce
and of naval power? We staked our very exist-
ence as a nation on the defense of these two.great
interests. It was a war for free trade and sailors'
rights; and the bounty given to the fishermen was
the elementary lesson, the A, B, C, in the great
science ofestablishing free trade and sailors'rights.
Having vindicated this policy in a war with Great
Britain, we have gone on until we have reached
the point when, although v/e are inferior to two
or three other naval Powers, and only to two or
three, in the world, in our public marine, we have
already outstripped all nations in the amount of
our commercial navigation.
Mr. President, I think it is too late in the day
to be called upon to demonstrate that this success
is due to the policy of those who aimed at these
objects, and who, in the year 1789, adopted these
means to secure them. I listen, not merely with
distrust, but with serious apprehension, to those
who give us theories of government contradictory
and hostile to the maxims by which these great
national objects have been attained. I grant that
there is abstract truth in all the theories that the
lessGovernmentdoes to protect industry the bet-
ter; or, in other words, that Government may do
too much, and that Government may, and often
does, injuriously substitute monopolies for judi-
cious protection.
I only say that I find this encouragement of the
fisheries constituting one of the pillars of the great-
ness of the country. When I am asked to dash
that pillar to the earth, I must have time to think;
1 must hear arguments more satisfactory than the
enunciation of theories which were just as true,
and just as popular in the world when this system
was adopted, and winch theories were overruled
in its adoption, as they are now.
Upon what ground will it be safe for us to
abandon the system? Have we reached the point
when we have more of commerce, and more of
navigation, and more of naval strength and energy
than we "need, or ought to have? Certainly not.
Shall we say that it is unprofitable ? It is as profit-
able to-day as the day it was established; for then
the cod fisheries constituted one ninth of the ton- j
rmge of the United States, and now they consti- j
tute one fiftieth part of the tonnage of the United ,
States. When you consider the loca^ position of j
the fisheries, and consider the small number of j
the population of the United States in 1789, and j
how they were gathered along the sea-coast, and j
then reflect that they have extended from ocean i
to ocean, I say that these fisheries maintain rela- i
tively their importance, and their success in com- j
pamon With the development of the other re- j
sources and interests of the Republic. j
Shall we be told that the fisheries will support j
themselves? That is one of the theories which !j
have been advanced very often. Well, why did !j
notthefishenessupportthemselvesin 17^9 ? Why J
was if necessary to resort to a bounty at all5 For >
the simple leason that not only is a sea-faring life \\
the most hazardous, and the worst it warded in I
all countries, and in all ages, and therefore the u
least seductive and the lea^t attractive, but m this ,\
country it is peculiarly so, because you give a ,|
bounty in one hundred acirs of the public lands ■,
at ^125 to every Amcncan, and to every imrni- .j
grant, if he wih go into agriculture, when you |l
give him nothing but poverty and privations if ,j
he will take to the sea. ;!
This bounty is given to the cod fisheries only, '
Is that a reason for abolishing it? It is so insisted i;
by the honoiable chairman of the Committee on i 1
Commerce. Me argues that bounties might as ;
well he given to the mackerel and the whaling !
fisheries. Weil, sir, they are pricticahy given to j
all these classes of fishermen. The mackercl fish-
crmen and the whalers are educated and trained
in the cod fisheries. They do nor discriminate in !
their pursuits; they go from one to the other. !j
Wliat sustains the one, what furnishes men and !
materials, \igor and sinews to one branch, sus- Ij
tains all the rest. What trains a man to the love !i
of the sea, or the habit of going down to the sea !!
for a livelihood, and the taking of one kind of fish,  i
equally trains him for the others, as well as for
the commercial marine of the United States, and
for the Navy. In this respect we have seen the
trouble which not only ourselves but all other na-
tions have had. We nave been truly told by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire that the
British Government, in the absence of bounties,
and when they gave up bounties, resorted to im-
pressment, and found it so difficult to secure sea-
men for the navy that they hazarded war with
the United States for the purpose of maintaining
their alleged right to impress seamen from our
service. We all recollect when the Japan expe-
dition was fitted out, how that expedition lay in
the port of New York for a period of six or eight
months, more or less, waiting, and unable to
depart upon its important mission, for the reason
that an adequate crew could not be enlisted dur-
ing: that time.
The necessity then was never greater than it is
now; the expense was never less; the object was
never more important; nevermore real, because
we have been extending our possessions across
the continent until we have added a sea-coast on
the Pacific as long, or nearly so, as our sea-coast
on the Atlantic. I suppose none of us calculate
that it will be long before our sea-coast on the
other side of the continent will be as long as- our
Atlantic ■coast. With this great extension of com-
merce and of trade and of mining upon the Pa-
cific coast, with our determination to grasp for a
share of commerce, and even of political influence
and control, in Australia, and in the islands and
continents of the East, it isasimportantas itever
was to maintain in all its strength and in all its
vigor the naval force of the United States. When
I look at the mighty interests that are putathaz-
ard in this measure, and consider how small the
object is which it is proposed to attain, the saving
of two or three hundred thousand dollars a year,
(less than the cost of maintaining a single ship at
sea,) I am surprised, I am more than surprised,
when I find that anargumentfor it is drawn from
the fact that the burdens of these three hundred
thousand dollars fall unequally upon different
portions of the country, that the bounties go to
New England fishermen, and the cost falls on the
consumers of the country. I apprehend that the
result will be.found equalized very soon after the
bounty is abolished. For myself, I have no sym-
pathy in these calculations. 1 believe there is not,
within the State which I represent, now a single
fisherman engaged in this arduous pursuit; but the
commerce of the country is concentrated there.
Whatever commerce shall gain or lose, its first
benefits, and its first losses will accrue to those
whom I represent.
It is because, representing them, I think I see
that the striking down of this system will have an
injurious effect upon the interests of the whole
country if it be persisted in, and will be a means
of undtrmining the present commercial and naval
power of the country, that I have chosen to make
my protest that I may stand right upon the record
in case the deed shall be done.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is an urgent necessity
for an executive session,and as I understand the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] wishes
to speak on this subject, I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to say a word be-
fore that j s done.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw the motion if the
Senator desires to speak now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to correct an error
thaf I fell into yesterday; but I will wait.
Mr. BRIGHT. I renew the motion.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will permit
me first to move to postpone this bill until a cer-
tain hour to-morrow. I trust we shall have a vote
by one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. U will he left as unfinished
business if we now tro into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair would suggest to the Senator from Al-
abama that if this bill be left as unfinished busi-
ness, it will take precedence to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. Very well.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker of
the House had signed the foilowiug em oiled bills
