1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
unsettled Territories, in less time than the discussion of
them has required in Congress.55
It will astonish my constituents to know that
the next44 field" in which they were to extend j
their operations of manufacturing " free States" \
was the Indian country west of Arkansas, which
they supposed half abolitionized by the labors of
northern missionaries, and the rigid test of'the
right of Christian communion which they have
sought to apply, in exclusion of the slaveholding
members of the church. To Virginia, it will be
interesting to. know that the person who figures
as secretary of this mammoth company is one
whose name is so intimately connected with the
scheme of colonizing Virginia with the free labor
from th'e North, and that the venerable mother of
States is probably the next field for their opera-
tions.
How many persons were dispatched tinder those
auspices I am not informed. That movement be- ;
came the nucleus around which gathered all the i
elementsof this newly-awakened fanaticism. The i
Abolition societies, the church, the universities, j
all affiliated in the enterprise, and contributed con- ;
tingents to swell the numbers of this crusade. !
Every expedient was enlisted to insure its sue- ;
cess. The church, forgetting its holy mission, ;
preached its sanction of this sectional crusade •
from a thousand pulpits, and sacrilegiously com- :
mended " Sharpe's rifles" m place of the Bible, j
asamore potent agent in propagating their fanat- ;
icism. The press teemed everywhere with fabu- '
lous stories and wicked exaggerations of atroci-
ties of the slave-power in Kansas, and prostituted 1
its-powers to inflame the resentments and arouse
the worst passions of the people. ContubiUions
were levied from the credulous votaries and par-
tisans of the cause. Itinerant missionaries trav-
ersed the country, and filled the lecture-rooms 1
with exciting harangues, while monster mass-
meetings assembled, and electrified the country ;
with the wrongs of Kansas. These were the ap- ;
pliances and auspices under which unnatural and j
forced emigration to Kansas was stimulated. It 1
resembled more an armed invasion than a peace- ■
ful emigration; and it is quite clear that moio wr s ,
expccted from the arms than the votes of settlors.
Tho character of many of these immigi er.Ui was
such that their removal was no loss to New Eng-
land, and still less an acquisition to Kansas. I
do not thus characterize all the free-State settlers 1
of that Territory. Some were doubtless honest ,
and orderly citizens, seeking homes and better
fortunes in the West. We have been told that ■
association is a form of enterprise common in
New England, and that her history affords fre-
quent instances of peaceful colonization m large
bodies, armed for self-pioteciion. That is true;
but I know of no parallel to this most extraordi-
nary movement. In its avowed objects and con-
trolling features it was a war of Massachusetts
against Missouri, without its responsibilities.
The sequel is thus graphically portrayed in -the
report of the Senator from Illinois:
"When the emigrants sent out by tho Ma^aclmsetts
Emigrant Aid Company, and their affiliated socK'tios, passed
through the Slate of .Missouri m lar^c number, on then
way to Kansas, tho violence of then language, and the un-
mistakable indications of then determined ho-id'ty to tne
domestic institution^ ot that State, created apprchen^cm.-
that the object of the company wa  to abohtioih/.e Kan^;n
as a mean- of prosecuting a relentwait.ne upon she in-
stitutions ot slaveiy within the I units of M<-«ouii. The^e,
apprehensions mcieased and bpread with the of
event*, until they bceame the settled conviction-- of the
people of that portion of the State most exposed to the dan-
ger by their proximity to the Kansas holder. The nani.al
consequence was*, that immediate steps were taken by tho
people of the western counties of Missouri to ^tuiulato,
organize, and carry into effect a system of emigration sim-
ilar to that of the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company,
for the avowed purpose of counteracting the etf-ets. and
protecting themselves and their domestic institutions, from
the consequences of that company's operations.
kS The matetutl difference in. thechmactei of the two rival
und conflicting movements consist* m the fact that Jhe one
had its origin in an aggres&ive, and the other m a defen-ivc
pohsy; tho one was organized in pursuance of the provis-
ions, and claiming to act under the authority of, a legisla-
tive enactment of a distant State, whose internal prosperity
and domestic security did not depend upon the success of :
the movement; while tiie othei w.i& the spontaneous action
of the people living in the immediate vicinity of tho theater
of operations, excited, by a sense of common danger, to the
necessity of protecting their own firesides from the appre-
hended horrors of sei vile insurrection and intestine war.
Both parties, conceiving if to be essential to the succors of
their respective plans that they should be upon the field of
operations pnoi to the first election m the Teiritur>, se-
lected principally young men, persons unincumbered hy
families, and whose condition m lifu enabled liioin to leave
at a moment's warning, and move with great celerity, to go
at once and eelect and occupy the most cltcible sites and
favored locations in the Territory, to be held by themselves
and their associates who should "follow them For the suc-
cessful prosecution of sui h a seheme, the Missourian« who
lived in the immediate vicinity possessed peculiar advant-
ages over their rival* from the moie remote portions of the
Union Each family could send one ot it? member acioss
the line to mark out his claim, erect a cabin, and put in a
small eiop, Mi^eient to give him as valid a nsht to be
deemed an actual settler and qualified voter as those who
were being imported by the emigiant aid societies. In an
unoccupied Territory, where the lands have not been sur-
veyed, and where there were no maiks oi lines to indicate
the boundaries of sections and quaiter sections, and where
no legal title could be had until after the surveys should be
made, disputes, quarrels, violence, and bloodshed might
have been expected as the natural and inevitable conse-
quences of sucli extraordinary system^ of emigration, which
divided and arrayed the settlers into two great hostile par-
ties, each having an inducement to claim more than his
right, m order to hold it for some new comer of his own
paity, and at the same time prevent persons belonging to
the opposite party from settling m the neighborhood. As a
result of this state of thing*, the aieat mass of emigrants
fiom the Northwest and fiom othei States, who went there
on their own account, with no other object, and influenced
by no othermotives than to jmp'ovetheir condition and sc-
cuic sood homes fortheir families, were compelled to array
thorn-elves under the banner of one of these hostile par-
ties in otdei t>> insme protection to themselves and then*
claims ag'iuwt the aggressions and violence of the other."
And thus was introduced into Kansas that re-
lentless strife, which, with varied incidents and
details, and but short periods of repose, has con-
tinued to the present time. Through all its phases
it has faithfully and consistently preserved its ori-
ginal and distinct features of aggressive policy on
the one side, and a defensive policy on the other.
It matters not m such a contest that scenes tran-
spired, and that atrocities were committed, by
rival parties which it is not fit should be detailed
here. Such consequences were inevitable; and
those who first provoked and excited the terrible
eneigicsof such a strife are responsible for the
blows given, and for those received. The Aboli-
tion or tree-State part3^ there have never aban-
doned iheir original purpose of making Kansas a
free State by every means, except an obedience to
that great principle to which they now profess
S'ich devotion. They have declined to resort to
the mild mode of determining the gioat issue by
the ballot. They have refused to vote under the
laws of the regular government, openly defied its
n-.uhoiity, arid denounced it as a usurpation.
Ti,ioy fofmed their partisans into a sccretmihtary
organization, under the captivating title of the
" Kansas Legion," which extended its ramifica-
tions throughout the Territory. The avowed
object of this o^anizauon was to make Kansas
a free State: mid to th's end its members were
sworn With imposing foim and solemnity. This
organization, introduced b< fore the fust election
of a Legislature, was superseded only by the later
organization of the milnin, under color of law of
the new Stanton Legislature. jSot only is their
military organization distinct, but their political
association is that of separate organized factions,
outside of the forms of huv,nnd in defiance of its
authority. As soon as the election of 30th March,
1^55, hy an overwhelming majority, installed a
Legislature largely pro-slavery in its views, they
renounced the ballot-box, denounced the govern-
ment asp Missouri conquest, and defied its enact-
ments. They assembledaconvention atTopeka,
without the sanction of tow, without the authority
of either territorial or Federal Government, and
ordained a State constitution and government,
which was to be independent of both. And this
open treason, the work of mercenaries and in-
vaders, organised into a grand secret military en-
campment, was setup in hostile rivalry to the law-
ful government established by Congress. Around
this, tho idoi of their worship, they have rallied
all their strength, and all their devotion, to main-
tain it. From that time they have been a separate
people, acting under their own organization, hos-
tile to the regular government, and never yielding
it obedience, or participating m its administration.
Can a people who have thus ostracized themselves
complain of a grievance which they have taken
no pains to avert? Can they complain that the
constitution was never submitted for approval to
those who had repudiated it in advance, and owed
allegiance to its rival? Such complaisance to the
rights of popular sovereignty is an instance of ex-
treme devotion to that principle that was not ex-
pected by the Topekaites, even at the hands of
Governor Walker.
The very first Legislature of the Territory,
elected on the 30th March, 1855, passed a law for
taking the sense of the people upon the question
of forming a State government, which, by alarge
majority, was determined to be in favor of the
proposed measure. Thus all parties coincided in
the propriety of the change of government. On
the 19th February, 1857, the Legislative passed
a law for the calling of a convention, taking a cen-
sus, and providing for a registry of nil the bona
fide voters of the Territory. Itprovided with the
most anxious care and with studied impartiality in
all its features, for attaining the true and final ex-
pression of the popular will, and attempted to se-
cure the ballot against all invasion of its integrity.
This law was vetoed by the Governor because it
did not provide for submission of the whole con-
stitution to the people for ratification, but was
passed by the requisite majority, notwithstanding.
This act pursued substantially the provisions of
the Senate bill, introduced by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and which the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] had admitted
to be fair in its provisions. In neither was there
anypiovision submitting the constitution to be
thus formed for popular ratification. This was
at least a significant fact of the intentions of
those who desired to make a constitution, and
no one could be surprised by the result. In
taking the registry of voters, every obstacle was
interposed to defeat the execution of the law.
In some counties the officers were openly re-
sisted, or intimidated from the performance of
their duty, while in others the registiation of
fictitious names frustrated the objects of the law.
The result, after all, showed a legal registration of
nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one voters in
eighteen counties, while in fifteen others, believed
to contain less than fifteen hundred votes, no re-
turns were made at all. Many of these last were
but^eographical divisions of territory on the map,
without settlements, and attached, for all civil
purposes, to other more populous counties. They
were, of coursc, omitted in the apportionment of
delegates. Elections were held m all but these
counties, disfranchised by their own willful act,
and their legitimate right to participate in the elec-
tion was thus transferred to others. The Repub-
licans, as a party, took no part cither in the regis-
tration of voters or m the election of delegates.
The convention assembled and formed the consti-
tution, republican in form, which she 1ms pre-
sented for our consideration; and this has opened
again, in another form, in all its length and breadth,
that great periodical agitation which seems doomed
to continue until us legitimate and inevitable con-
sequences shall follow and terminate it forever.
That convention made their work complete, and
referred but the one all-engrossing subject to the
people, that of domestic slavery- On the 21st
of December last this vexed question was decided
at an election in which all had the right to vote,
and the result proclaimed to the world. It is one
which puts at rest all the fabulous boasts of the
countless majorities of free-State men with which
a credulous public has been entertained for the
last two years. The figures are brief but decisive.
For slavery, 6,226, against it, 560.
And now let me briefly review the prominent
objections urged against the admission of Kansas
with the Lecompton constitution. They are all
comprehended in the idea that it is not " the act
and deed" of Kansas. Indeed, the pretension is
now openly avowed, which would subordinate
this entire proceeding of a people from the just
rank of an act of sovereignty to a mere petition
for the redress of grievances. Her past history
is all explored, an inquisitorial scrutiny is insti-
tuted iftto her domestic affairs, and her institutions
subjected to unfriendly criticism, that pretexts for
her exclusion may be multiplied. This is all in-
tervention of the most odious and offensive char-
acter m Kansas affairs. We have reserved to our-
selves no such powers; Congress has expressly
resigned that pretension, and eonfened it on the
Territories. By thus investing Kansas with the
right to form her institutions, we agreed not to
fashion them for her. Jn allowing her to form
them in her " own way," we agreed not to inter-
fere in the mode or manner in which she did so.
Whence do we derive this power of going behind
her constitution to adjust conflicting equities of
rival parties, in an act of admission? It isclaimed
that there are great irregularities m the whole pro-
ceeding. That may be true, but they were such
