20m
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
and Joint resolutions; and they were signed by
the vice President: ,
Anact (S. No. 286) to enlarge the Detroit and
Saginaw land districts in Michigan;
An act (S. No. 296) amendatory of anact enti-
tled "An act to establish two additions,! land dis-
ricts in the Territory of Minnesota," approved
July.8, 1856;
An act (S. No. 300) for the relief of the Hun-
garian settlers upon certain tracts of land in Iowa,
hitherto reserved from sale by order of the Pres-
ident, dated January 22,1855;
Anact {S. No. 307) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the old custom-house and
site at Bath, Maine, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 3.13) to amend an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims of California," approved March 3, 1851;
A resolution (S. No. 33) authorizing suitable
acknowledgments to be made by the President to
the British naval authorities of Jamaica, for the
relief extended to the officers and crew of the
United States ship Susquehanna, disabled by yel-
low fever;
A resolution (S. No. 30) to extend for a further
term the provisions of the joint resolution ap-
proved March 10, 1858, in relation to certain
dropped and retired naval officers; and
. An act (S. No. 86) for the admission of Minne-
sota into the Union.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to; and
after some tune spent in the consideration of ex-
ecutive business, the doors were reopened, and
the,Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
.Tuesday, May 11, 1858.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a.m. Prayer
by Rev. John Lanaiian..
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT ON A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Branch a mem-
ber of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in place
of Mr. Clingman.
SALE OP FORT SNELLING.
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask the consent of
the House to permit the day set apart for the con-
sideration of the report of the special committee
on the sale of the military reservation at Fort
Snelling to be changed from the 18th to the 19lh
instant. I have consulted the honorable member
from Indiana [Mr. PettitJ who made the ma-
jority report, and he agreed that I should make
the motion. J am compelled to leave the city, and
that is the reason why 1 ask the House to post-
pone the consideration of the report until the 19th
instead of the 18th.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the House to allow me to have printed in-
formally the report of the select committee on the
Niagara ship canal, for the convenience of mem-
bers.
Leave was granted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the Iiouso:
An act (S> No. 47) confirming- locations of land
wanants under ccrtam circumstances; and
An act (3. No. 2^2) for the relief of Jeremiah
Moors.
LYDTA FLETCHER.
Mr. ATKINS, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previuus notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of Lydia Fletcher; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
rni'fec on Military Affairs.
Mr. COMINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of ihe House that the Committee on Commerce
maybe discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of citizens of Galveston, Texas,
for an appropriation for light-boats; and that it
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object, and insist
upon the regular order of business.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled the following bills
and joint resolutions; when the Speaker signed
the same:
^An act (S. No. 300) for the relief of the Hun-
garian settlers upon certain tracts of land in Iowa,
hitherto reserved from sale by order of the Pres-
ident, dated January 22, 1855;
An act (S. No. 286) to enlarge the Detroit and
Saginaw land districts in Michigan;
An act (S. No. 296) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act to establish two additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Minnesota," approved
July 8, 1856;
An act (S. No. 313) to amend an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California," passed March
3, 1851;
A resolution (S. No. 30) to extend for a further
time the piovisions of the joint resolution ap-
proved March 10, 1858, in relation to certain
dropped and retired officers of the Navy; and
A resolution (S. No. 33) authorizing suitable
acknowledgments to be made by the President to
the British naval authorities at Jamaica, for the
relief extended (o the officers and crew of the Uni-
ted States ship Susquehanna, disabled by yellow
fever.
TERRITORY OF NEVADA.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to have
printed, for the convenience of members, a bill
and report,
Mr. CLEMENS. What bill is it?
The Clerk read the title of the bill as follows:
A bill to organize the Territory of*Nevada.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
LIABILITIES OF SHIP-OWNERS.
The SPEAKER stated that the question first
in order was on the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] to lay upon the table
House bill (No. 32) to amend an act entitled "An
act to limit the liability of ship-owners, and for
other purpovR," appoved March 3, 1851.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Did the^en-
tleman from Ohio demand the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered upon the
hill yesterday; and thereupon the gentleman from
Kentucky mnved to lay it upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it com-
petent for the gentleman to withdraw the previous
question now >
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
main question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it not
competent for the House, by unanimous consent,
to set aside the order for the mam question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is
competent bv unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, sir,
I ask the unanimous consent for that purpose. I
want to state my objections to the bill; and then,
if the House chooses to pass it, I have nothing to
say.
Several Members objected.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HATCH. I ask unanimous consent to
explain the bill, and to claim that the exemptions
which nowexist under the law of 1851 upon ship-
owners engaged in foreign commerce should be
extended to those interested in our lake tonnage,
inasmuch as Congress has already extended the
whole body of our admiralty law to our inland
commerce, and the United States courts have
deeided that it was the same in feature and sub-
stance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may make
his explanation by unanimous consent.
Mr. DEAN. I object, and ask for the reading
of the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken •„ and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Burroughs, Case,
Chaffee, dawson, John Cochrane. Coliax, Coinins, Co
vode, Cragin. Curna, D&mrHL Davis or' Indiana. Dean,
Dick, l>od<l, Durfre, Farn-worth, Fontoa. Foster, Gid-
dings, Gilman, Goodwiu. Granser. Grow, Roberi B. Hall,
Harlan, Thomas L. Hariis-, [latch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hortoif, Howard, Huyier,Kils*ore, Knapp, John C. KunfceS?
Landy, Lovejoy, MaUesou, Morgan, MorrilL Edward Joy
Morns, L-aac N Motris, Mott, Ohn, Palmer, Parker. Pet-
tit. Pike, Potter, Robbms, Royce, Resell, Scott, John Sher-
man, Robert Smith, Spinner,-William Stewart, George
Taylor, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wasli-
burn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Winto,
YViif-on, and Wood—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Bocock. Bowie,
Bovee,Branch, Burnett,Caskie. EzraClark, John B.Clark,
Ciay. Clemens, Cobb, Coekenll. James Craig. Crawford,
Curry, Davidson. Davis of Mississippi, Davis ol Iowa,
Dowdell, Edie, Edmundson, Eliiott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Foley, Gartiett, GartreU, Gilmer, Goode. green-
wood, Greg". J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, Jackson,*
Jewoft, Geoige W. Jones. J. Glancy Jon*'^, Owen Jones,
KeUey, Leidy, Leitcr, Letcher. Mac I ay. McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mayuard, Million. Moore, Niblack, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Plidiips, Powell, Purvianee, Quitman,
Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Ituffiti, Saudidge. Savage,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shoner, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stanton. Stephens, Stevenson,
Tljaver, Tompkins, Underwood, Waldron, Wlnteley, John
V. Wright, and ZoJhcoffei— 81.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JACKSON stated that t^he gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] and his colleague, Mr.
Seward, were detained from the House by in-
i disposition.
| Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
' rake had paired off on this bill with Mr. Cox.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was rejected;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As only ten
minutes are-remaining before the hour for the
consideration of the special order will arrive, I
; hope we shall proceed to that at once.
| Mr. ENGLISH. There is a little bill upon tlve
j Speaker's table, which ought to be disposed of.
; It will take but a minute.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
j that the bill to which the gentleman refers will
j come up as soon as this special order is disposed
; of.
| Mr. ENGLISH. Very well. Then*I will not
call it up now.
THREE-REGIMENTS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, by unanimous consent,
j reported a bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the three regiments of volunteers author-
I ized by act of Congress, approved April 7,1858;
I which was read a first and second time, referred
j to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN PORTER.
Mr. RICAUD! 1 ask the uwanimous consent
of the House for leave to withdiaw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Stephen
Porter. I wilf state that these papers have been
here for more than fifty years, and the petitioners
ask leave to withdraw them from tke files of the
House, for the purpose of preserving them as an
heir-loom. As early as 1805 a report was made
in favor of the claim; but the petitioners, despair-
ing of ever being able to obtain justice at the
hands of Congress, now desire that the'papers
m*y be returned.
Mr. LETCHER. Let copies be left.
Mr. RICAUD. I have no objection to that.
There being no objection, leave was accord-
ingly granted.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Military Affairs,
House bill (No. 549) to provide for the comple-
tion of a military road from Fort Union to Santa
Ee, in New Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, by unani-
mous consent, reported back Eiouse bill (No. 422)
making appropriations for the repair of certain
