1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as afforded us no right to complain. We had not,
as in the case of Minnesota, prescribed a mode of
forming a constitution, and thus afforded a stand-
ard by which irregularities could be tested. Kan-
sas was thus left to ordain lvr constitution after
her own prescribed forms. If, in so doing, irregu-
larities Occurred, frauds were perpetrated, coun-
ties unrepresented or disfranchised, or injustice
done to minorities they are all questions of polit-
ical responsibilities between the government of
Kansas and the people. In all her proceedings she
acted in strict conformity to her laws, in subser-
vience to the existing government, and in viola-
tion of no allegiance to the Federal Government.
Her constitution is the work of the people in their
sovereign capacity. It is the act and deed of the
people, executed and authenticated according to
the forms through which they speak. It is the
act of the people expressed through their accred-
ited government; and who doubts that it is in
accordance with the sense of all the people who
ever acknowledged allegiance to it? As an act of
the people, it was final and conclusive upon us.
If it is not, then there was some mental reserva-
tion in the Kansas and Nebraska act, or new doc-
trines have been ingrafted upon its original con-
struction.
The objections to the constitution, in detail, are
easily answered, and it shall be briefly done. It
is no longer pretended that a preparatory act of
Congress is essential to the right of admission of
a new State. Itdoee notalter the right of a State;
it prescribes a form of proceeding which is some-
times
" More honor'd in the breach, limn the observance."
Arkansas, Michigan, Florida, and California,were
all thus admitted; the essential requisites to legit-
imate such a proceeding are that it should originate
with,and be conducted in, subordination to the au-
thority of the local government, established or rec-
ognized by the Government of the United States.
This was the doctrine of the Senatorfrom Illinois;
and he traces a parallel and finds a fancied resem-
blance between the Lecompton and Topeka consti-
tutions. He denounces them both as revohution-
ary, and as attempting to set up governments inde-
pendent of the local government of the Territory.
For this purpose he seizes upon that section which
declares that "this constitution shall take effect and
be in force from and after its ratification by the peo-
ple." He omits to notice the provision that sus-
pends the convening of the Legislature, and the en-
trance of the State officers upon the discharge of
their official duties until after the admission of the
State into the Union, and that all the officers of the
Governmentarestill there and mauthority. Equal-
ly untenable is that objection which has of late ac-
quired such importance—the failure of the conven-
tion to submit the whole constitution for popular
approval. This is a new phase of popular sov-
ereignty, and a new construction of the Kansas
bill. A majority of the States of the Union have
been admitted under constitutions which were not
so approved. Others have been submitted. No
one questions their validity now. I am not aware
of any necessity which requires that the people
can exercise sovereignty only in one form. Their
sovereign right to institute government is not
sovereign after all, if they cannot exercise it in
their own mode. I know of no reason which re-
quires a constitution to be submitted more than a
law, or a treaty, or any other act of the supreme
power of a State. Our forms of government are
representative republics, rather than popular de-
mocracies. Indeed, the representative principle
pervades our whole political system. The sover-
eignty of the people is claimed to be inalienable,
but it is quite consistent with this view, that it
can be exercised by representatives and agents.
Whether exercised by the people directly them- i
selves, or in any other mode, or by any other j
agency, it is still the act of the people. When j
the people elected the convention, they invested !
that convention with their whole power; and !
when the convention ordained a constitution com- |
plete, it was the act of the people, and as bind- j
ing as if submitted directly to them. When the ,
slavery clause was submitted to, and decided by,
a popular vote 011 the 21st of December, ihe last ,
feature of the constitution was added, and the
work finished. The act of the special session
of the Legislature, which authorized the popular
vote on the 4th of January, was a usurpation, as
it employed its limited authority to contravene a ,
previous sovereign act of the people. It could
have no such right until that proposition should
be disposed of by Congress.
The Senatorfrom Illinois contends that the act
of the " convention was not an exercise of sover-
eign power; that, inasmuch as it was convened
under an act of the Legislature, it derived its
whole authority from it, and possessed no more
than the Legislature conferred." It would be a
sufficient answer to this, that the Legislature is
supreme within its just range of powers, and that
the calling of this convention was " a rightful
subject of legislation." But that is not all. The
convention derived its authority from the people,
and exercised it in their name; while the Legisla-
ture lent only the sanctions of law and authority,
and prescribed the forms under which this potent
voice of the people was to speak. Nor is it true
that the people had no opportunity to express
their wishes on the adoption of a constitution.
If it is said that a large number of counties were
disfranchised, I answer that tlreir inhabitants de-
fied and frustrated the law, and willfully refused
to exercise their rights. If it is said that they
were unrepresented in the convention, I answer
that they voluntarily excluded themselves from
the apportionment by failing to return a census.
Whatever may be said of these preliminary steps,
it cannot be said that, on the 21st of December,
they had no opportunity to vote. The tfonven-
tion had submitted the slavery question to a direct
vote of the people, and the whole people. Con-
gress had referred that subject to the people of
the Territories to settle in their own way, and
now they determined upon a direct appeal to the
people. It had been claimed that the free-State
men were 111 an overwhelming majority. Here
was an opportunity to test it, and finally measure
strength with their rivals. Census and registra-
tion laws were now alike things of the past, and
every on.e was invited to the polls. Executive
proclamations and manifestoes were put forth, im-
ploring the Republicans to vote. At one time
they were told that the convention would be legal,
and its action final, and asked to participate in its
election. Governor Walker committed the grave
error of supposing that he spoke for the Congress
of the United States, in assuring them that the
whole constitution should be submitted to a vote
of the whole people; or if not, it would and ought
to be rejected by Congress. The adherents of
Topeka neither trusted his assurances nor acted
upon them. They voted neither upon the elec-
tion of delegates nor upon the slavery question.
They abdicated their share in the government,
and thus authorized the voting majority to speak
.for them. They were neither deceived nor sur-
prised by the result. It was what they both an-
ticipated and desired.
A kindred objection—one belonging to the same
class of which I have been speaking—is the whole-
sale charge of fraud, which is alleged against all
the proceedings of Kansas. It is not to be dehied,
it will not be questioned here, that frauds, atroci-
ties, and irregularities have been perpetrated 011
both sides. It would be strange, mueed, if it were
in Kansas. I have no doubt of it. The pro-slat-
ery- party there, however, are the-party whosus-
tain the cause of law and order "in that Territory,
If they have learned' the tactics of their ententes,
and turned their own Weapons against them, tlie-
pro-slavery men were-not the first to ttet-
contest, or to inaugurate that condition of ttodgh*
If, in a disreputable con test of that kind, th'e p^rey-
who have lived outside of thfe pafe of theiaw
been beaten by their own -weapons,i-it does not tfe
in their mouths to complain of it as an act of injus-
tice to them. . . 7
But, sir, I may remark of this objeeJii}ht
the former, what power have we over it? Wlience
do we derive the power to investigate election
frauds in Kansas? Some-of those which have-
become the subject of so much criticism relate to
.the election of State officers and members'of th'e
State Legislature—a matter which the Constitu-
tion has placed beyond our reach. The Legisla-
ture of Kansas, like every legislative body, can
inquire into frauds and irregularities affecting th<*
election of its members. It is the only proper-
judge of that question. It would be a monstrous
pretension and usurpation of authority here, to
contend that these local matters are to be decided
by the Congress of the United States, arid that,
too, while we are performing the elevated consti-
tutional duty of inducting a sovereign member into
the Confederacy of States.
Mr. President, it is a little curious to notice the
development of the different phases of this ques-
tion. Those who opposed the extension of the
Missouri line in 1850, were itsstrenuous advocates
when it was proposed to repeal it in 1854. Those
who then thought that the people should receive
their institutions ready formed to their hands by
Congress, are now loyal to the opposite extreme
of popular sovereignty. The Republicans in Kan-
sas decline the opportunity to right their fancied
wrongs on the 21st of December, but two weeks
after vote against the whole constitution. They
denounce slavery in Kansas, yet refuse to vote it
away. They declaim against their government
as aMissouri usurpation, yet vote down the State
government which was to supersede it; and thus
continue the territorial condition .where slavery
has a constitutional existence-. It is'impossible
to resist the conclusion that, with them, there is
no purpose to settle this issue, but to keep it open
as long as itcan influence the passions or feed the
1; excitement of fanaticism.
!i Another argument, which has, in turn, been en-
I' listed to serve a purpose, is that which prescribes
■I the mode of amending the constitution. It is
;i worth while to give the exact language of this
ij disputed clause. It is contained in the schedule,
0 ana provides that—
I' Sec. 14. After the year 1P64. whenever the Legislature
ji shall think it nece>sary to amend, attei, orchar.ge tliiscon-
! ; stitution, they stialt recommend to tin: electors at the nest
I: general election, two thirds of the members of < aeii House
!! concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention,and
, j if it t.hall appear that a majority of ail citizens of the State
1 have voted tor a convention, the Legislative shall at its nest
o regular session call a con ven lion, to consist of as many mem-
ber:. as there may be in the House of Representatives atthe
chosen 111 tfie same manner, at the same places,
same electors thatelioose Representatives; said
delegates so elected shai! meet within three months after
said election, for the purpose of revising, amending,-or
changing the constitution : but no aKeraiion Miai! be made
to affect the lights of pioperty in the ownership of slaves.5
This, it is said, is a prohibition of all amend-
ment before the year 1864. Sometimes it has been
used as one of ihe facts arrayed to show a dis-
position upon the. part of its framers unfairly to
place their work beyond the reach of reform or in-
novation, as they at the same time declined to sub-
mit the entire constitution for popular approval.
The Senatorfrom Illinois,in his minority report,
attempts to prove that this provision is a prohibi-
tion of all amendment, except in that mode which
is " revolution if successful, and rebellion in case
of failure." He knows no means by which "that
" overwhelming " and fabulous majority of ten
thousand free-State men can assert their right, ex-
cept by the " terrible right of revolution j"-and ar-
gues that the President holds out delusive hopes of
a reform or change in the constitution by suggest-
ing a resort to an impracticable scheme. It is to be
wished that this provision had the virtue whieh has
been ascribed to it. It would be but a reasonable
regulation, and, at most, but a short postponement
not so. Could it be expected that a Territory, ij f'-tl,e ^ ma"ne„r. «the same placWj
thus harassed and vexed with internecine strife, ! - ■
often 011 the very verge of revolution, and always ij
in a terrible conflict between excited parties,would ,i
not have presented irregularities in the form in ;j
which its laws were administered? It would be i|
hopeless to expect that kind of absolute laimess |
and perfect impartiality which might be hoped 'j
for under a different state of circumstances. Here ,i
were elections decided m the short intervals of t!
peace, during shoit periods of truce between con- 1:
tending parties; and Senators expect, and gravely ji
contend here, that parties are to cease a bloody ;j
strife and conduct elections with perfect integrity ;i
and a strict observance of all the nice forms of j;
law! Irregularities were inevitable; and 1 am
onlv surprised that so few have been manifested
anil proved. Doubtless there were frauds on both
sides. It is said there were frauds at the Dela-
ware Crossing, at Shawnee, at Kickapoo, and at
other places. Have the proceedings on the op-
posite side escaped all suspicion and all reproach
of that kind ? How do Senators account for the
significant disparity between the votes for differ-
ent classes of officers at Lawrence, and for the mag-
nitude of the vote at Leavenworth, that swelled ,  , , ,
so suddenly? The inevitable result of the state of the great right of peaceful and lawful rerau-
of things which prevailed m Kansas led to frauds i| tion. Many of the older and earlier constitutions,
