1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
military roads in the Territory of Kansas, with
an amendment m the nature of a substitute. The
bill and substitute were referred to (he Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, by unani-
mous consent, reported a bill for the completion
of a road from Council Bluffs to New Fort
Kearny, in the Territory of Nebraska; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
He arlso, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon a memorial relative to a mil-
itary road from Steiiacoom to Vancouver; which
was laid on the table.
DANIEL WHITNEY.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the House (No. 72) for the
relief of Daniel Whitney, which had been previ-
ously laid on flip tahlp, was recommitted to the
Committee on Piivate Land Claims.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. GROW, fiom the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported back House bill (No. 414) to ex-
tend the provisions of an act entitled "An act to
amend an act to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Oregon, "and an act establishing the terri-
torial government of Minnesota, to the'Territory
of Washington; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
BASIL MIGNAULT.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the surviving children of Ba&il Mignault; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
"WISCONSIN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, presented the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsm, relative
to the Niagara ship canal, which were referred to
the select committee on the subject.
DEBATE IN COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. SINGLETON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That for the icmamder of the present session
of thi.-  body, the debate in Committee of the YVIiole Ilon-e
shall be confined sttietly to tnc hill, resolution, or subject
matt«r immediately before the committee ; amino member
shall be allowed to >peak more than thmv minutes upon
any one subject, except by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Several Members objected.
STENOGRAPHERS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. STANTON, from the tariff investigating
select committee, reported a joint resolution for
paying the compensation of stenographers em-
ployed by the committees of the House of Rep-
resentatives; which was read for information.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the compensation of stenogra-
phers employed by the committees of the House
of Representatives, as audited under the direction
of said House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the special order of the day takes precedence, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. JEWETT objected.
CHARLES II. MASON.
Mr. BRANCH, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, by unanimous consent, reported back, with
a substitute, a bill for the relief ofCharles H. Ma-
son; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House,and, With the substitute, oideiej
to be printed.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER statr-d that the business first in
order was Senate bill (No. 86) for the admission
of the State of Minnesota into the Union; on
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have con-
sented to allow the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Ricauu] to occupy twenty minutes of my
t me
Mr. RICAUD. Iam much obliged to my friend
mm
oi wie
a deied'
V
from Georgia for giving me a portion of his time
to discuss the question now under the considera-
tion of the House I regret exceedingly that my
time shoald be so limited as to prevent me from
fully discussing the objections which I think exist
to the powers claimed by Minnesota, in the con-
stitution under which she asks admission into the
Union.
If I have read aright the Constitution of the
United States, I understand it to be a political
Government, created by-the several States of this
Union, possessing powers derived by concession
fromthe several States. To understand this ques-
tion, we must look at the condition of things as
they existed at the time the Constitution of the
United States was adopted. It was at the termin-
ation of our war. We had just successfully de-
clared ourselves free from foreign government.
We were free and independent States, bound to-
gether by a Confederacy; and the Constitution
was, in its own language, adopted for the govern-
ment and protection of these States. The very
preamble of the Constitution states that the Gov-
ernment which they were about to establish was
to create a more perfect system of union for the
people of the United States. What powers were
possessed by the different States at the time of
the adoption of the Federal Constitution ? As I
said before, they were sovereign and independent
States, each one exercising arid claiming to exer-
cise for itself every right of sovereignty which a
sovereign Power could exercise. They had the
right to declaie what should constitute citizenship
in their respective States. They had the power,
then, by general laws of naturalization, to admit
to the rights of citizenship any and all persons
whom they thought proper to clothe with the sa-
cj-ed garb of citizenship. 1 find, by looking at the
old constitutions of the different States, that in
two of them—New York and North Carolina—
the mode of naturalizing citizens was expressly
provided in them.
Now, the question occurs, did the State govern-
ments, in the foimation of the Governmentof the
United States, part with any portion of their sov-
ereignty ? If the States parted with their power
to naturalize citizens of foreign birth, I ask how
were the citizens of a State to be increased? By
two modes only. Not by any act of naturaliza-
tion passed by the State i (self, because it had parted
with that power, arnd given to the General Gov-
ernment the rigjn to pass unifortn laws of natu-
ralization. ItAvas a power exclusively vested in
the General/Government; and, therefore, no in-
crease m the citizens of a State could be made by
the exercise of any power of naturalization by a
State A/It was only to be done by the natural in-
crease of the then resident people or citizens of
the State, and of such citizens as might be added
in virtue of the uniform rules of naturalization
prescribed by the Government of the United States.
The language of the Constitution of the United
States is:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form a
more peifect union, establish justice," &c.
And section two, of article one, provides:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second yeai by the people ot ihe sev-
eral State3; and the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for eicrtms of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
Now, under the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the Dred Scott case, it is
laid down that the word " people "of the United
States is synonymous with the word "citizens;"
that both terms mean the same thing. I propose
tu read this part of the Constitution, according to |
my interpretation of it, by the rule thus laid down i
. by the Supieme Court—the tribunal recognized by ■
| the Constitution itself for the interpretation of the 1
| instrument. " Wc, the citizens of the United '
States," would be the first words in the preamble, i
: and the second section of the first article would
| read thus: "The House of Representatives shall 1
! be composed of members chosen every second ;
1 year, by the citizens of the United States and citi-;
zens of the several States; and theelectors in each !
| State shall have the qualifications necessary for
'-the most numerous branch of the General Assem-;
! bly." Why was that power given ? It was that !
' the representation might be distubuted more gen-'
' orally among the people. If gentlemen will take
j the trouble of looking over the old constitutions :
I of the original thirteen States, they will find that ]
m every constitution, existing at that time, qual-
ifications were required for the exercise of the
rights of suffrage for members of the Council, a?
it was called in some States, or of the Senate, as
it was generally known under more recent amend-
ments of the constitutions. These qualifications
were much higher than those required forvoting
for members of the more numerous branch of the
General Assemblj.
That my reading of the Constitution of the
United States, in that respect,- is correct, will be
plain, from an examination of the various State
constitutions as they now exist. X have taken
the trouble to examine and eotnpare most of the
constitutions, down as far as 1848; and I find that
in every State, with but very few exceptions, this
distinction is kept up by the States themselves—
first in declaring what portion of their citizens
shall be their Representatives in the General As-
sembly of the States, and what portion shall be
electors in their General Assembly. A much the
larger number of the States of this Union require,
that, to be a member of either branch of the State
Legislature, the person shall be a citizen of the
United States, and to be elected or chosen by per-
sons who are citizens of the United States. In
some of the States they go so far as to require
that he shall have been a citizen, and have resided
in the State for some years previous to his elec-
tion. In the State of South Carolina—your own
State, sir—I believe five yeais' residence is re-
quired for the Senate, and three years for the
House of Representatives.
Then, sir, there is no war made on the doctrine
of State-rights by any construction which I give to
the Constitution of the United States; for, if the
question of State-rights was involved in the mat-
ter, to what portion of the country would you
look for the more securely guarding of that doc-
trine ? Is it not a principle cherished in the South
more than in any other portion of the country ?
Have not all our southern statesmen gone far to
vindicate the great doctrine of State-rights, and
to claim, as reserved to the States, all powers not
delegated to the United States? And yet, m con-
firmation of this interpretation of the power del-
egated to the United States, you find the principle
is carried out in the various southern States; and
by their constitutions they have decided that Sen-
ators and Representatives in the State Legisla-
tures shall be composed of citizens of the United
States, residents of the States, to be chosen by
electors who are citizens of the United States,
residents of the States, and possessing the other
necessary qualifications.
Now, on this point, I refer to the doctrine laid
down by Mr. Calhoun, in the matter of the ad-
mission of the State of Michigan. 1 take it for
granted that those who are familiar with the his-
tory and public life of Mr. Calhoun, will recog-
nize in him an ardent friend of the doctrine of
State-rights. And yet, Mr. Calhoun says, in the
speech made by him on the admission of Michi-
gan into the Union, that the Constitution confers
on Congress authority to pass uniform laws of
naturalization. He says:
" 1 do not deem it necessary to follow my colleague and
the Senator from Kentucky m their attempt to define or de-
scribe a citizen. Nothing i-, more dulicult than the defitii-
tion or even description of so complex an idea ; and henee
all arguments testing on one deli mi ion. in such cases, almost
necessarily lead to uncertainty and doubt. But though we
may not bo able to <ay with precision what a citizcn i?, we
may say with the inmost certainty what he is not. lie is
not an alien. Alien and citizen are coireiative terms, and
stand in contradistinction to each other. They, of course,
cannot eoeu-t They are, in fact, so opposite in their na-
ture that we conceive of the one but in contradistinction
to the other Thus far all mu->t be agreed." *
'• To remove alienage i* simply to put the foieigner in the
condition of the native bom. To thi« extent the act of ttaiu-
raiizauon goes, and no further. The next position I aniline
is no les< certain, thai, when Congiess has exeicised its
authority by passing a uniform law of naturalization, (as it
has,.) it excludes the right of cxercKing a similar authority
on the pan of the tftate. To suppose that the States could
pass i>cUuiKh/,cUion acts of their own, after Congiess bad
passed a uniform law of naturalization, would be to make
the provision of the Constitution nugatory. I have shown
that a citizen is not an alien, and that alienage is an insep-
arable barrier, till removed,to citizenship; and that it can
only be removed by complying with the act of Congress.
It follows, of couise, that a State cannot, of its? own au-
thority, make an alien a citizen without such compliance."
This same doctrine is laid down by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the Dred Scott
case :
"The words 4 people of the United States'and 'citizens'
are synonymous terms and mean the same thing." * *
