1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
recognized by the ordinance of 1787, which was
before the Government was formed.
It was recognized by the act of 7th August,
l'i'.SD, soon after'theGovernment wasformed, one
of the first acts signed by Washington—an act
making provisions for carrying out that ordi-
nance.
It was recognized in the territory South in the
cession by North Carolina, on the 2d April, 1790.
It was again recognized in the bill creating a
government for the Territory of Tennessee, on
the 26th May, 1790.
It was recognized in the act of settling the limits
of the State of Georgia, and creating the Missis-
sippi Territory, on the 7th April, 1798.
It was recognized in a supplemental act to the
last, on the 10th May, 1800.
It was recognized in the division of IndianaTer-
ritory, on the 3d February, 1809.
It was recognized in an act for Illinois Terri-
tory, on the 20th May, 1812.
It was recognized in the act organizing the
Michigan territorial government: the date of this
I do not recollect.
But I carmot take up my time by referring to
other instances in their order. I know that in
some cases voting m the Territories was restricted
to citizens. This was the case in ihe Territories
of Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Utah, and New
Mexico; while alien suffrage was again recog-
nized, in express terms, in the Territories of Ore-
gon, Minnesota, Washington, Kansas, and Ne-
braska.
Of the Presidents of the United States who,
in some form or other, gave the principle then-
sanction either in the Territories or States, may
be mentioned Washington, the elder Adams, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Jackson, Polk, Fillmore, and
Pierce.
Reference, sir, has been made in tms debate to
a speech made by Mr. Calhoun on this subject,
in the Senate, in 1836, on the act providing for
the admission of Michigan, upon which com-
ments have been made by several gentlemen. The
views of that distinguished statesman have been
presented as authority on their side. I have sim-
ply this to say about that speech: I cannot find
it in the Globe. I cannot find it in the debates of
the day.  
Mr. RICAUD. I think it is m his published
speeches.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have seen it
in his published works, but I cannot find it m the
published reports of Congress. It is stafrd to
have been made in 183G, on the bill autnorizing
Michigan to form a constitution. Michigan was
admitted with alien suffiage in her constitution,
on the 3d March, 1837; and Mr. Calhoun does
not appear to have made anv objection to her ad-
mission on that ground. I find speeches made by
him uoon that'bill, but none object".>.g to this
clause." 1 find he offered a substitute for the bill
admitting Michigan without objection to the alien
suffrage clause 111 her constitution. Still, it is
stated- that this speech of his was made the year
before, on the occasion referred to, and I do not
wish to be understood as questioning it. ^ That
was on Congress conferring the right. He did
riot raise any objection to the admission of tne
State as far as I can find, because of alien suffrage
bein°- allowed in her constitution.
Again: on the 2Gth of July, 1848, the Clayton
compromise bill for the organization of certain
territorial governments passed the Senate. The
fifth section of the act provides—
" That cveiy free white male inhabitant, above tlie ana
of twcim-oin* havu been a ic^nlenr ot-aid
Tei nfoiy at the tunc of lite pa^ag*: ol i ill-- act, tliali he en-
titlei! to"vote at tea- liist i-k'etmi). an.l he eiizible to
asiv office in s-asd Teiutoi v ; but the qiialitU'Jition o! \
and or' holchns office, at all ,-Mib^oquont election*. s^iai be
such a.- f-liali be pre^enbed by the Le^Mative A^embiy-
j?iO> cJ, Tlmt the ri-int of and o! holding oiace,
shall bo fW'iei^ui only bv citizens o( tiic L'mtul^uues-.Mid
tho-o icho shall h'tve declared 0)i oath their lutcrJiOn ioj-e-
t-ome «itch, and 'hull have tal.cn an oath to the Ceu-
st'tution of the Cr.ited States and thcjnoiitiomof this act.-
On the engrossment of this bill, the vote was—
]>emen,
k Yr *.
Vff-sc* Afoh'«on, Aiheiton. Demon
Bo'hnd. Niee- . Hi iirht, P-uiier, Calhoun, Ckiuon. Davw
0I'Mi^>.iti')i. Djv'kMMin. I '(HicldN !);A\ n*. l'oote.
em. (liMtci. .Mhn-mi or Malawi, Johu^n ol
Lnin-i.un Win-im of orma, Ww±. Lewi-, Mantrtuu.
Puelp-, ku-k ^pniancs-1,fcturgron, i.u:-
ll"V. U'tMemt. and \ ulee—;U.
.. Vwi-M.-Mien, li.i.k'er, Baldwin, Bell. Brad-
bmy, Clai k, Convm, Davis of Massachusetts Dayton, iJix,
Dodge, Felch, Fitzgerald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Metcalfe,
Miller, Niles, Underwood, Upham, ami Walker—22."
Mr. Calhoun was on the committee which re-
ported this provision, and he does not appear as
having objected to it. And though he may have
made that'speech in 1836, yet it is equally certain
and true that twelve years afterwards he voted for
the very principle he had previously opposed.
His vote for the principle in 1848, in my opinion,
is a sufficient answer to his speech against it in
1836. This is, therefore, Mr. Speaker, no new
question.
The same principle, as I have said, was incor-
porated in the same words, I think, in the bill
for the organization of Washington Territory in
1853, and in the Iiansas-Nebrasisa bill in 1854.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maykird]
put this question to some gentleman the other day:
whether, if this bill should pass, Minnesota might •
not confer the right of voting upon an alien ene- '
my? By no means, sir; the person of foreign ]
birth, who is entitled to vote under this constitu- ;
tion, has^rst to purge himself of his allegiance to !
other Powers. He must have declared hisinten-
t.ion to become a citizen of the United States, and
sworn to support the Constitution of the same. >
This is the condition precedent. By no possibil- ■,
ity, therefore, could an alien enemy legally vote in j
Minnesota.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the decision of the Supreme I
Court of the United States has been read and com- i
mented on by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. I
Davis,] who led off in this discussion, and whose ;
speech i listened to with a great deal of interest— j
an argument as well got up and made oil that side
of the question as I think it possible for ingenuity, ;
ability, and talent, united with eloquence, to pre-
j'i sent, lie rested his argument mainly on the decis-
I; ion of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case,
li where Judge Taney says that the woids "people
i of the United States," in the Constitution, are
[j synonymous with " citizens. " After reading that
I! partof the decision, thegentleman quoted an article
ii in the Constitution which says that " the House
| j of Representatives shall be composed of members
i: chosen every second year by the people of the sev-
eral States;" and his argument was, that as the
Supreme Court had defined that the word " peo-
ple" was synonymous, in the Constitution of the
United States, to " citizens," therefore members
of tins House could be elected by none but " citi-
zens of the United States." That was the gen-
ii tleman's argument; but I am far from concurring
I! with him in it. His argument rests upon the
j assumption that the Constitution of the United
^ States, m the clause quoted, intended to define the
i class of voters in the several States, and to limit
1 suffiage. I think that it will take me but a mo-
ment, by recurring to that clause of the Constitu-
!• tion and comparing it with others, to show that
the object of that clause was simply to point out
the mode of the election of the members oi this
I House ili contradistinction from the mode of elect-
! ing Senatois, and not the class of \oters. Tbe
House was to be elected by the people by a pop-
ular vote, by the masses; while the Senate was to
j be elected by the State Legislatures. That is all
:j that is meant m that clause. The Constitution is
|i in these words:
11 "The Hou-c of representative* 'hall lie composed of
i! member eho;en cvthy second year by the peup.c ol tile
;;  evctdl tfuitos/*— •
!| There the gentleman stopped. What follows1
li —" and the electors in each State ^liail have tlie qualifies-
|! tioa?- rcqui-ite for ciectois of the mo-t nuineious biaucli ot
'' the suite Legislature."
1 There*, coupled with what the gentlorr.an read,
is tht  right which i say that the people insisted
i upon beyond all others—the rescm-d ndit that
■ thi1 General Government should never mtcrfeie
i with suffrage in the Sfatos; not ev^n for members
1 of this Bouse. Immediately after the words he
'■ read, sir, without a semicolon separating them,
' is the express declaration that tne States shad fix
I the qualification of electors or voters. Who shall
■ say to each State in this particular, thus farmayest
1 thou go, and 110 further? Who shall say^to the
sovereignty"? where they shall stop? The State?,
over this subject, have never parted wt-i any ol
■ thur sovereignty. It is ;heir n?ht, therefore, to
fix the qualifications of voters anreHu.et^tHy and
absolutely. If they say an aheu may vote, it is
their ri2.ht to do so.
|! The other clause of the Constitution to which
I referred, showing1 what was meant in the first
part of the one read by' the gentleman, is in these
words: • .
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof."
The first clause the gentleman read tfre;other
day refers simply, as it clearly appears; to the
manner of the election, the mocle of the election,
the constituency of those elected—to distinguish
them from the constituency of the Senators. The
one was to be the people, contra-distinguished
from the Legislatures of the States', this was on«
of the points of difficulty in forming the Federal
Constitution. It was finally determined that the
House should representthe people and the Senate
should represent the States.
I will refer briefly to the same authority on that
point. I read from Yates's Minutes of the Debates
in the Federal convention, the fourth resolve:
"That the members of the first branch of the national
Legislature ought to he eiected by the people of the several
States tva-r opposed ; and. strange to tell, by Massachusetts
and Connecticut, who supposed they ought to be chosen by
the Uepiflatnres; and Vnginia suppoucd the resolve, al-
leging that this ought to be the democratic"branch of the
government, and, as such, immediately vested in "the peo-
ple."
Again, Mr. Pinckney moved:
" That the members of the fir?t branch, (that Is, this
Hou^e,) be appointed in such manner as the seveiai State
Legislatures shaH direct."
Mr. Madison said:
" T oppose the motion.5'
Mr. Mason said:
il [ am for prp^ervintr inviolably the democratic branch of
the Government. Tiue. we have found inconveniences
from pure democracies; but if we mean to preserve peace
and real l'teedom, they mus-t necessarily bccomc a compo-
nent part of a national Government. Change this neces-
sary principle, and if the Government proceeds to taxation
the Plates will oppose your power."
The idea that prevailed at the formation of our
Constitution was, that representation and taxa-
tion should go together. It was mainly upon that
ground that the men of that day went to the war
j with the mother country; it was because the col-
' onies v/ere taxed and not allowed representation;
and if you trace the history of this Government
! down, you will find tlus great American idea run-
' nmg throughout—that taxation and represent-
I ation should go together. Whoever pays taxes
! should vote—that is the idea.
i Great confusion seems to exist in the minds of
! gentlemen from the association of the words citi-
! zen and suffrage. Some seem to think that rights
I of citizenship and rights of suffrage necessarily go
' together; that one is dependent upon the other.
! There never was a greater mistake. Suffrage, or
j the right to vote, is the creature of law. There are
j citizens in every State of this Union ,1 doubt not,
| who are not untitled to vote. So, in several of the
! States there are persons who by Jaw are entitled
i to vote, though tliey be not citizens. If there be
: citizens who "cannot vote, why may there not be
' individuals, who are not citizens, who may nev-
I ertheiess be allowed to vote, if the sovereign will
: of the State shall so determine? In all the States
! nearly there are other qualification =3for voting,even
■ with the native-born, besides citizenship. Resi-
! dence for a certain length of time. Virginia, for
instance, requires of all citizens of other States,
; native-born citizens of Maryland or North Caro-
; hna, a certain term of residence. They shall not
: vote in Virginia unless they have been there
' twelve months. In Alabama, 1 think, the provis-
, ion is the same.
I Why, sir, in my own State, where we have
' universal suffrage, as u is called, no man can vote
unless he has paid his taxes, and resided in the
county six months. There are thousands of citi-
zens in Georgia, and i suppose in every other
State, who are not entitled to the right of suffrage
under our Constitution and laws. Citizenship
and suffrage by no means go together in all cases.
, Mv time will not allow me to enlarge on that idea.
■ I will only refer briefly again to what was stud
! in the Federal convention on the subject of the
Suit'.s retaining the control over the subject of
suffrage, showing how vigilantly this was arched
and cuarJcd \>v the State-rights men. Gouvor-
: neur'"Morris had proposed to restrain the right
' of suffrage to freeholders. This gave rise to a
■ long debate. Mr. Ellsworth said:
1 u The qualification ofcljctois stood on the mo«£ pioper
,j footing. The right of sufuage was a tender point, and
