1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
modes, and prohibited all other means of accom-
plishing the same object." Suppose, however,
some other peaceable mode of change be success-
fully adopted: is not the constitution thus adopted
the supreme law of the land, and are our consti-
tutions, thus adopted, legitimate governments or
successful revolutions? It is not for us to express
controlling views to solve this problem. In ad-
mitting Kansas as a State, we trust her to her own
destinies, and accomplish our whole duty.
Mr. POLK obtained the floor.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly aware of the great
importance of getting through with this question;
but the honorable Senator who has just risen has
newly come among us, and I presume it would
not be agreeable to him to begin almost his first
speech in this body at this late hour of the day.
Knowing that he would take the floor, I took the
liberty of conferring with him on the subject,
and I am disposed to think that it would be more
agreeable to him to speak to-morrow. I there-
fore move to postpone the further consideration
of this question until to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg to sug-
gest that the time for the consideration of this
subject is very short; and if honorable gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber are the first to pro-
poseadjournmcntsand postponements when their
friends are ready to go on, they will have no right
to complain of the course which may be taken by
gentlemen on the other side. Unless the Senator
from Missouri, exeroising the right which, I be-
lieve, has been exercised several times on the
other side, shall himself urge us to defer the con-
sideration of tins subject, so that he may be heard
to-morrow, I shall feel bound to vote against the
postponement. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned; but if he requests that it shall be, in order
that he maybe heaid to-morrow, I shall ask that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to the con-
sideration of executive business; on the contrary,
I shall cheerfully concur in that; but 1 protest
against its being left to the honorable Senator ;
from Missouri to decide whether he shall speak
now or to-morrow. I think, as I have already
said, that it would be more agreeable to him to
go on to-morrow, and I think Senators would pre-
fer to hear him then.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to submit a mo-
tion, by general consent, that from and after to-
morrow we take a recess daily from four o'clock
to six o'clock until this question be disposed of.
We want to close it next week; and if we do, I be-
lieve it will be necessary to take a recess every day
until wo get rid of it. I cannot submit the motion
for a recess, I know, unless by general consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 give notice that I shall
make the motion to-morrow.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The present motion
is to postpone the further consideration of the bill
before the Senate until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I hope it will be allowed to go
over as the unfinished business, to come up at one
o'clock to-morrow. We should have time to dis-
pose of our morning business. If we assign this
bill for half past twelve o'clock, it may producc
confusion, and there is scarcely a day when we
have a quorum at that early hour.
Mr. GREEN. I am very anxious to afford the
largest latitude to debate on this question, for it
is the great question. This morning, out of cour-
tesy, and for the purpose of getting through cer-
tain matters before the Senate, I permitted it to
go over, and lost about half an hour; and I want
to get that half hour back. I therefore insist on
the postponement of the subject until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I shall be glad to see the Sen-
ator get the half hour buck in any proper way;
but I think we shall gain nothing, while we shall
interfere largely with business, by undertaking to
ax this subject for half past twelve o 'clock to-mor-
row. I therefore trust that the Senator will yield
to the suggestion, and let it pass over as the un-
finished business.
Mr. POLK. Of course, I am disposed to con-
form myself, in all my action in the Senate, as
far as I may be able to do so, to the wishes of
the body. I would prefer not to go on this after-
noon, and I state that, especially, because it has
just been suggested to me by another gentleman
that there is a Senator who is willing to go on this
afternoon—the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know that I shall
make any speech, now or at any time.
Mr. POLK. I mean your colleague.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to go on. I do
not care to speak. I do not know that I shall
have one word to say on the question. I am ready
for the vote, I am sure.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until half past, twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope this question will
bo postponed until to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock. If there is any important business un-
der consideration before half past twelve o'clock,
I suppose this question can go over until one
o'clock, by the consent of the Senate. But I
have sat here, listening to the speeches that have
been made, as I have done to all the gentlemen
who have spoken on this question; and I dislike
to remain here five or six hours during the day,
for the purpose of hearing more than two gentle-
men speak on the same day. I have listened
attentively to the Senator from Maine and the
Senator from Arkansas; and I think we have had
speeches enough to-day. I am very willing to
vote to proceed to the consideration of this ques-
tion to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock, was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. STU A RT. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have paired off with the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—BroJerick, Clark, Clay, Dixon, Doolittle,
Durkee, Frwtrr, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Stuart,
Wa>le, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—>Iessrs. Allen. Benjamin, Bi2gs, Hmler, Brown,
Fitch.Gieen, Ilaminoinl, [Iailun. IJuntei, Uei^ou, Johnson ;
ot" Aikansas. Jones, Folk, Fuuii. Sebastian, Tlioai- i
son ofXcw Jersey, Toombs, and Yulee—20. j
So the Senate refused to adjourn. j
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. j
Johnson, of Arkansas, and it was agreed to.
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of •
executive business; and after some time spent |
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
wednesday, March 10, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. R. Eckaed.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
313, to provide for the organization of a regiment
of mounted volunteers for the defense of the fron-
tier of Texas, and to authorize the President to
call into the service of the United States four ad-
ditional regiments of volunteers, on which the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] was entitled j
to the floor. J
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE. ,
Mr. MASON. I ask the House to be excused ;
from further service upon the Committee of Ac- j
counts. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust the House j
will not allow the gentleman to be excused. The [
gentleman is too valuable a member to be ex- j
cused. j
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to take up the !
time of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis.] |
But, sir, it is impossible for me to discharge j
properly the duties appertaining to that commit- j
tee. There is no law regulating the number or j
compensation of the employes of the House, and j
it is not consistent with the knowledge which |
that committee lias on the subject, without any :
law, without an order with respect to the^ac-
counts presented, to pass upon them. Although
there are complaints made against the late Clerk
of the House of Representatives for extrava-
gance, the employes of the.present House are" ex-
ceeding, both in expens.e and numbers, those of
any former House. The House has refused ,to
regulate them by law, and it is impossible for «s
to tell what should and .what should not be. sanc-
tioned. I do not make the request from any
feeling which I have on the subject. ~"
Let me state further: the late Clerk of the House
is now herewith a committee of investigation into
frauds and corruptions connected,with his affairs.
That committee, as I understanfit, isabout bring-
ing its labors to a close. We have returned from
that committee accounts to the amount of seven
or eight hundred thousand dollars. They are pre-
sented to the Committee of Accounts to be au-
dited. We do not know whether they ought to be
passed or not. He has a right to have these ac-
counts settled immediately. He has been detained
here a long time already, and he wants to settle
his whole affairs without further delay. These
accounts, as I have stated, come before the Com-
mittee of Accounts for settlement. We have not
the coi^idenee of the House, and we do not wftnt
to take the responsibility, in the face of this state
of things, to pass upon these accounts. They
show far more extravagance than we have here-
tofore had. ;
Now, sir, I think these accounts should be re-
ferred to a new committee. The House has the
right to command its committee. The committee
should act in accordance with the wishes of a
majority of the House. The House has the right
to have a committee, which shall act in accordance
with its wishes, and it is due to the House, there-
fore, that a new committee should be appointed.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to know whether this
debate will come out of my time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
point when it shall arise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a suggestion.
I will not take more than a minute.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. If
this debate is to come out of the time of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, he has the right to interrupt
it and assume the floor at any time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose, as the
gentleman from Kentucky had the floor by unan-
imous consent, of course it does not come out of
the time of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. LETCHER. Of course it does not.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not yet heard the de-
cision of the Speaker upon that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, inasmuch as the gentleman from Kentucky
was permitted to submit his motion by unani-
mous consent, it will not come out of the time of
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HOUSTON". I was about to submit to the
gentleman from Kentucky that he withdraw his
application for the present, and that on Monday,
if he can get the floor, he make the motion that
the bill the other day referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be taken
up for the purpose of settling the compensation
and number of the employes in the offices of the
Clerk and Doorkeeper of tiie House. I appreci-
ate the condition'of ihe Committee of Accounts.
Their duties must be very annoying and trouble-
some. It is almost impossible for them to dis-
charge their duties when there is an absence of
law regulating the powers of the heads of these
bureaus—if I may so style them—as to the num-
ber of appointees they may have, and as to the
amount of compensation their appointees shall
receive. The committee ought to have some law
to guide them; and it does appear to me that the
House could do no less than to say how many
appointments the Doorkeeper, the Clerk, and the
Posynaster, respectively, shall have, and the com-
pensation that caeh shall be entitled to. Now, I
appeal to the gentleman from Kentucky, I appeal
to the members of the Committee of Accounts,
who, I am sure, must be embarrassed, because of
the confusion which necessarily grows out of the
fact that there is no law regulating this subject,
when there should be a law—I say I appeal to
them to let this matter rest until they can get an
opportunity to ask the sense of the House upon
the question of regulating the matter by law.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ifl understand the request
