THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
strongly guarded by most of the State constitutions. The
pecrp]<*'wiil not readily subseiibe to the national Constitu-
tion if it should subject them to he disfranchised. The States
are the be?t judges of the circumstances and temper of their
own people." .
Again, he says, (I read from the Madison Pa*
pers:)
6i Ought not every man who pays a tax to rote for the
Representative who is to levy and dispose of his money?
Taxation and representation ought to go together."
I barely refer to this to show that I am sus-
tained in my view by the highest authority. This
subject of the qualification of electors, and who
should determine it, was mooted at the settlement
of the Government; and it was left to the State
Legislatures, under State constitutions.
Now, -sir, a few moments on the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. Judge Ta-
ney, in my judgment, fully confirms everything
I have said. He says:
"The words 'people of the United States,' and'eiti
,zens,' are synonymous terms, and mean the same thing.
They both describe the political body who, according to our
republican institutions, form the sovereignty, and who hold
the power and conduct the Government through their Rep-
resentatives. They are what are-familiarly called the sov-
ereign people; and every citizen is one of this people, and
a constituent member of this sovereignty- The question
before us i-<, whethfr the class of persons described m the
plea in abatement [Dred Scott was a negro] compose a por-
tion of this people, and are constituent members of this sov-
ereignty. VVe think they are not; and were not intended
to be included under the word i citizens' in theconmtuaon,
and can therefore claim none of the rights and privileges
which that instrument provides for, and secures to citizens
of the United States."
It was the first words of this clause of the de-
cision fhegentleman from Maryland relied on, but
he did not pursue the argument far enough.
The object of the Chief Justice was to show that
.persons of the African race descended from those
who were bought and sold as slaves, were not m
the original body-politic, and could not, l>y State
laws, incorporated into that body-politic. But
now mark what immediately follows that part of
his decision:
" In discussing this question, we must not confound the
rights of citizenship which h Stat? may confer within its
own limits, and the right* of citizenship as a member of the
Union."
Here is the distinction. By naturalization,Con-
gress can confer citizenship throughout the Union.
What are the rights created by that? Three in
all The right to hold land is one; the right to
sue in the Federal courts is another; and the right
to claim the protection of this Government, or the
right of passport abroad, is the other. No State
can confer these rights throughout the Union; but
each State may confer them within her limits.
Each State may coufer upon an alien the right to
hold lands. No man can question that; but if
Indiana or Georgia confers this right upon an
alien, he cannot go into South Carolina and hold
land there by virtue of that. If he were naturalized
he could. So each State may give the right to an
alien to sue in its own courts; but, therefore, he
does not acquire a right to sue in any other State
court or the Federal courts. Each State may
guaranty her protection within her limits, but not
throughout the Union. She cannot pledge the
protection of the common Government.
But the court goes right on with this language:
" It does not by any means follow, because he has the
rights and privileges of aeitiacn of a State, that he hum be
a citizen of the United States. Il<* may have all the light*
and privileges of a citizen of a State, and yet not he entitled
to the rights and privileges of a citizen in any other State ;
for, previous to the adoption of the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States, every State had the undoubted light t© confer
on whomsoever it ph ased the diameter of citizen, and to
endow Inm with all u< lights; b<it thisehaiaetei.ot course,
was confined to the boundaries of* the Sta e. and gave him
no nghr> 01 pnvilegfs in oth^r States bevond thosf --emred
to htm by the laws of nations ami tin; comity of Stares.
Nor have the several Stau-v Mirrendered the poviei of con-
ferring the.-e tight-* and pnvdeges hy adopting the Constitu-
tion of the United Stales. Each Stale mays-nil eonierthem
upon an alien, ot any one it think* proper, or upon any ela«*s
or description of prisons jet he would not be n ciifzen in
the serine in winch that woid is used m the Constitution of
the United States, nor entitled 10 sue a-; such in one of its
courts, nor to the pi ivdeges and immunities, o! a citizen m
the other States The tigni- u Inch he would ucquue would
be reatneted to the State winch gave them."
I ask, then, if the constitution of Minnesota,
according to this Dred Scott decision, has an iota,
or a single clause in it, so far as alien suffrage is
concerned, which Chief Justice Taney has not
said she has a right under the Constitution of the
United States to putin it? "This is a right none
of the States have ever surrendered. Every State
n this Union has the right of fixing the status of
all its constituent elements absolutely, as each
State may determine for itself, and also the right
of determining who may and who may not vote
at elections for public officers under her authority.
Wha' part of the constitution of Minnesota, then,
is in violation of the Constitution of the United
States? Why, then, should she not be admitted?
Let me say, in conclusion, that the constitution
of Illinois has such a clause. Is not she an equal
in this Union ? Why not rule her out? Indiana
has such a clause. Why not rule her out? Mich-
igan has such a clause. Why not rule her out?
Wisconsin has such a clause, I have the Journal
here. When Wisconsin was admitted, in 1848,
Mr. Calhoun was in his seat and he did not even
call the yeas and nays on it. And yet we are told
that this is a great and a dangerous example we
are setting, if we admit Minnesota on an equal
footing with Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and all of the States. Deprive her of this
great right, would she be their equal ? Are Illinois
and South Carolina now equal? Are Indiana
and Massachusetts now equal? Whap, then, if
you deny Minnesota the power that Illinois and
Indiana have, will she be equal to them? Things
equal to one another are equal to each other. If
those in the Union now are equal, will not Min-
nesota be unequal if you deprive her of this right?
If you put upon her a. condition you have never
put upon these others, will not you make her
unequal? and if you bring her in, would she be
upon an equal footing with her sister States ? If
she confeis suffrage upon those born abroad, who
purge themselves of their foieign allegiance and
swear to support the Constitution of the United
States, she has the right to do so. Any State m
the Union now has the same right, if any see fit
to exercise it. The several States cannot confer
citizenship of the United States upon any body or
class of persons; but every State, m her sovereign
capacity, has a right to say who shall vote at elec-
tions in that State. Let us, then, drop this objec-
tion ; let us admit Minnesota, and let her come in
clothed with ail the sovereignty that the other
States possess. My time' is out.
One woid about theamendment I have offered.
I thought that by this time Minnesota would be
entitled to three members. The enabling act enti-
tled her to one, with additional Representatives,
according to her population under the last appor-
tionment. The information I have received srnce
I offered my amendment has led me to believe
that her population at this time would not entitle
her to three members, but will to two; and there-
fore I withdraw my amendment, and hope the
House will pass the bill as it came from the Sen-
ate. I call for the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of or-
der. I had moved an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia,'and I wish
to inquire whether it is competent for him to with-
draw his amendment, the effect of which will be
that my amendment will fall?
The SPEAKER. Perfectly competent.
Air. GARNETT. Well, I hope that, under
the circumstances, the gentleman from Georgia
will permit me to get in my amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will allow
the gentkman to offer his amendment. I did not <
know that it would fall with the withdrawal of ;
j my amendment. I
i The SPEAKER. It was an amendment to the |
I amendment.
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
! man's amendment may be offered, but I hope it
i will be voted down. !
Mr. GARNETT. I hope it will be voted in.
1 I move to amend the second section of the bill by
striking out " two Representatives" and insert-;
, mg " one Representative," so that it will read: i
I Said State shall be entitled to one Representaiivem Con- i
gress, until tin; next apportionment of Repiesemaiives i
! aumngr.1 the seveial States, '
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move I
the previous question.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I hope the ,
gentleman from Georgia will allow us to have a I
vote upon a proposition to give the State three ;
Representatives. j
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] j
Mr. GROW". I hope the gentleman will allow ;
an amendment to be offered, providing that the
Representatives shall be elected by districts.
II The previous question was seconded, and the -
main question ordered, being first-upon Mr, Gar.*
nett's amendment.
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Barks-
dale, Bingham, Bocock, Bianch, Bryan, Btirhngame, Case,
Caskie, Horace F. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Burton Craige, Curry,
Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dick, Dodd,
Dowdell, Edie. Eustis, Faulkner, Garnett, Gilmer, Goode,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Han is, Haw-
km.-, Hill, Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Howard, Kelsey,
John C. Kunkel, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Mattesoii,
Maynard, Million, Moore, Morgan, Freeman H. Morse,
Olui, Powell YPurviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Rieaud,
Kitchie.Ruffin, Scales, Aaron Shaw, Henry M Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson YV. Sherman, William Smith, Stanton,
William Stewart, Trtppe, Underwood. Walbridge, Wal-
dion, Whiteley, Window, and ZoihcofFer<—'72.
NAYS — Messis. Adrain, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Ben-
nett, Btllinghur. f, Bliss.Bowie, Boyce. Buffinton, Burnett,
Burns, Campbell,Chaffee. Chapman, John B. Clark,CJaw-
son, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
James Ciaig, Crawfoid, Curtis*, Davidson, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Dean. Dewart, Dimmick, Durfee$ Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English. Farnsworth, Femon, Florence,
Foley, Foster. Gaftrell, Giddmg^. Gillis, Gihnan, Green-
wood, Gie<r2, Grorpbcck, Gtow, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoaid, Huyler, Jackson.Jenkins, Jewctt,George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly,
Kilgore, Knapp. Landy, Lawrence. Leach, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovojoy, Maclay, Mason, MilIer,.Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ns. Oliver A. Moi^e. Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip^, Pike, Potter,
Redly, Robbing, Rovce, Russell, Samhdge, Scott, Sickles,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner. Ste-
phen*. Steven-on, James A. Stevvait.Tappan, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walton,
Cadwnladcr (1 Washburn, Elliliu B Washburne, Israel
Washburn, W«itkin \ White, Wilson, Wood, Wortendyke,
Augustus R. Wiight, and John V. Wright—117.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he had-paired off,
upon this question, with Mr. Davis, of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. WHITELEY stated that Mr. Corning
had paired off upon this question with Mr. Mur-
ray.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Bishop had gone home on account of ill health,
and had paired olf, upon all party questions, with
Mr. Thompson, and upon the New York fire bill
with him, (Mr. Wright.)
Mr. LAWRENCE stated that Mr. Cox was
absent from the city, but had paired off with some
gentleman on the opposite side of the House.
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Stallworth was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mi. PETTIT said: I was absent when my
name was called, in attendance on a committee,
and 1 ask leave to vote.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman a member
of the Judiciaiy Committee ?
Mr. PETTIT. I am not. I was on the Li-
brary Committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
not having been within the bar when his name
was called, asks leave to vote.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope theobjection will be
withdrawn.
The objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, stated that if he had
been within the bar when his name was called,
he should havp voted " no."
Mr. HOARD stated that he believed Mr. Bur-
roughs had paired this morning.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recoided.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute for the Senate bill proposed by Mr. Sher-
man, of Ohio, which is as follows:
Whereas, an act was passed Februarys, 1857, entitled
" An act to authorize the people of the Teiritorv of Min-
nesota to toim a eons-titnnon and State government, pie-
paiatory to their admission into the Union on an equal
tooting with theonsinal States>;" and whereas, delegates
oi the people did. on the 29tl> day of August, A. D 1857,
frame a constitution which does not conform to the Con-
stitution and laws ol the United States : Therefore,
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of He.pt esentatives
of (he United States of Jluicnca in Congress assembled, That
the State of Minnesota <haJ! be one ot the United States of
America, and shall be admitted into the Unioa on an equal
tooting with the ongmal States in all respects whatever,
after a full compliance with the following fundamental con-
dition precedent, to wit: That the constitution framed at
Saint Paul, m the Territory of Minnesota, on the 29th day
of August. A. D. 1857. chall ht  submitted to a convention
or* the people of the said Territory of Minnesota, to be com-
posed oi the numl erof delegates and to be appomoned and
elected in the mode and manner prescribed by the act of
February 28.1856, said election to be held on the first Man-
