mm
THE > CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11;
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the pre-
amble upon the table carries/the resolution with,
it, just as a motion to lay upon the table a motion
to recommit would carry a bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My proposi-
tion was to lay the whole subjcct on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to move to strike out the preamble before the ques-
tion is taken on the motion to lay on the tabkj?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to lay
upon the table takes precedence of .an amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the mo-
tion to lay upon the table is not agreed to, then a
motion will be in order to amend.
The SPEAKER. It will; if the previous ques-
tion be not seconded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has not the reso-
lution been agreed to by a vote of the House on
the yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
resolution to be engrossed, and read a third time.
The question then recurred on ordering the pre-
amble to be engrossed and read a third time. On
that the resolution went to the Speaker's table.
The question was taken; and it(,was decided in
the rfegative—yeas 84, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett.
Bingham, Bliss, Branch, Butfinton, Bums, Case, Ezta
Chuk, dawson, Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Crash),
Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis ol Indiana, Da
visoflowa, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Duifee, Farn^worth, Faulk-
ner, Fen ton, Florence, Foster, Garnett, Gillis, Giangor,
Lawienee W. Hall, Robeit B. Hall, llorton, llowaid,
Hughes, Iluylcr, Geoige VV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones!. Ko|-
sey, Kilgore, Knnpp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach,
Leidv, Leiter, Letcner, Matreson, MilHon, Moigan, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morns, Freeman H. Moise, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purviance, Reilly,
Ritchie, Robhms,Royce, John Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
Stanton. William Stewart, Tompkins, Underwood, W.il-
bridge, Waldron, Walton,Cadwaladei C. Washburn, Elhhu
B Washburne, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Wmslow, and
Wood—84.
- NAYS—Mes^is. Adrain, Anderson, Atkins, Avery. Burks
dale, Blau, Bocock, Bowie, Hrvan, Burnett, Caiuthcis,
Caskie, Chafb'e. John ft. Clatk, Clay, Clemens, John Coch-
rane, James Craig, Ci.iwfoid, Cuiry, Davis o! MiiM-Hppi,
Dmvart, Dowdcll, EdmundfOn, Elliott, Enalwh, Fo-
ley, Gartrell, Goode, Gi eenwood, Gie^'S, J. Morri>on Harris,
ThomasL. Iliuiis. Hatch, Hawkins,"Hill, Iloaid. Jaok-ou,
Jenkins, Jewett, Kello^a, Lawicncc, Lovejoy, McKibbin,
McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Mar^iall, Ma-
sou, Maynard, Miller. Moore, I.-aae N. Moirn, Mott, Nib-
lack, Nichols, Pendleton, Pettit, Povton, Phelps, duiuniin,
Ready. Rieaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Soak*, Scott,
Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robeit Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, Stephen^, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Geoigo Taylor, Thuvt-t, Tuppc, Wad«, VV.iikiii>,
Woodson, Wonendvke, Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolheotkr—S8.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
Pending the above cull,
Mr. KILGORE said: Mr. Speaker is it in order
for me to propound an interrogatory?
The SPEAl\ Eli. Only by unanimousconsent.
Mr. KILGORE. I would like to know from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs whether the
resolution meets wall the approbation of the Pres-
ident ?
Mr. BAItKSDALE. We did not inquire what
were the President's views on the subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: Wishing to
leave this matter where it belongs, with the treaty-
making power, I vote m the affirmative.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question on ordering the pream-
ble to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BAR.KSDALE. I move that the pream-
ble and resolution be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion is not in order. If the previous question
be not seconded, it will be in order to amend the
preamble. ^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the pream-
ble is disposed of, and the question comes up on
the passage, will it not be in order then to move
to refer the subject to the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union?
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall then move to recom-
mit it to thesamc committee from which it came.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is it m order to move to lay
the preamble upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Thecal! for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CLEMENS. Pdcmarfd the yeas and nays
on ordeung the preamble to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Th§ yeas and nays were ordered.
- Mr. MILLSON. Is the motion to jay upon the
table now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is at this time*.,
Mr. MILLSON. We have already been too
long engaged in a matter with which, under the
Constitution, we have no proper business; and
1 therefore move that the subject be laid upon the
table.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Arnold, Billinghursf, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Buffinton, Chapman, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Cobb, Colfax, Oragm, framrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of I ndiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick,
Dimmiok, Dortd, Durtee, Edie, Faulkner. Fcnton, Flor-
ence, Foster, Garneit, Gilman, Gilmer, Granger, Robeit B.
Hall, Horton* Houston, I-Juyler, Geoige W. Jones. J Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, John C.' Ivunkel,
Landy, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Matteson, Edvvatd Joy
Morris, Parker, Phillips. Pike, Powell, Ready, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Royce, John Sherman, Stanton, Tappnn, Miles Tay-
lor, Tompkins, Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne, White,
Whiteley, and Wilson—1>5.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,Barks-
dale, Bennett, Blair, Bocock, Bowie, Bryan, Burlingame,
Burnett, Campbell, Caiuthers, Case, Caskie, 'Chaffee, Hor-
ace. F  CUirk, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, John Coch-
rane, Comms, Covode, James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Craw-
foul, Curry, Cuim, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Rl-
liott, English, Eustis, Foley, Caitrell, Guidings, Goode,
Gregg, Groesbeek, Grow, J. Monison Harris, Thomas L.
Harris., Hawkins. Hill. Hoard. Howard. Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, K«llogg, Kiljrore, Lawience, Leach, Lovejov, Mc-
Kihbin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Mai shall, Ma«on,
Mavnnid, Mooic, MorgMi, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Nib-
laek, Ohn, Pendleton, iVttit, Pejton, Phelps, Potter. Pui-
viance,Q,uitmaiuReagan, Ru-aud, Rtilfin, Sandulge, Scales,
Scott, Aaron Shaw, Henry M Sh.iw, Jud^on W. Shciman,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith. William Smith,
Spinner, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewau,
George Taylor, Thayei, Tnppe, Waldron, Cadwalader Q.
Washburn, Wutkins, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zolhcoft'er—102.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BRANCH stated that Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, being unwell, and desiring to leave the
Hall, had paired off with him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: If the reso-
lution authorized, in case of refusal, the employ-
,ment of force, I would vote for it; but believing
it to be a half measure, I vote against it.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to commit the joint
resolution and preamble to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The main question is or-
dered on it.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the Speaker's attention
to the 120th rule, which says that a bill may be
recommitted at any time before its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That mo-
tion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in response to
an inquiry made by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, stated that the motion to commit to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union could not be entertained. On examining
the Manual and the rule, the Chair is of opinion
that the joint resolution may be recommitted to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or to a standing committee, at any time
before its passage, but not in its present stale.
The House having ordered the mam question to
be put on agreeing to the preamble, that must be
first disposed of.
Mr. SICKLES. And then the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union will be m order5
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it will. The 120th rule provides for a recommit-
ment of a bill or joint resolution at any time be-
fore its passage. The Chair, in reading the rule
casually, constiued it as requinng the recommit-
ment to be made to the same committee that re-
ported the measure. The Manual would seem to
indicate that that interpretation of the Chair is in-
correct:
CiAfter a hill has been committed and reported it oushtnot,
in an oidmary course, to be lecemiuittcd ; but, m eases of
importance, and for special rea->on>, it issometimcs recom-
mitted, and usually to the same committee.''
Implying that it may be sent to another com-
mittee than that from which it was reported.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would like
to know the precise condition both of the prcam-
i ble and the resolution. I understand that the
: main question has been ordered on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
further that the main question was ordered on the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, so soon as,'
the preamble is disposed of, will be read a third-
time, having-been engrossed. The order of the
House, taken at a preceding sitting, was, that the
resolution should be engrossed and read a third,,
time. It has been engrossed, and will be read a'
third time. :
Mr. WASHBURNE* of Illinois. Has not the
House ordered the main question to be put on the-'
passage of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The House has oot reached
that stage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I-think that
at the stage it has reached, no motion'to commit
is in order. • ,
Mr. GROW. Supposing that the House shall
adopt the preamble, how will the resolution stand ?
The SPEAKER. The question will then be,
" Shall the joint resolution-pass?"
Mr. GROW. Was not the resolution rejected
the other day?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was not re-
jected. It was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The question was taken on the preamble; and'
it was decidcd in the negative—yeas 67, nays 99;
as follows;  
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocock, Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Clem-
ens, Cobb, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmundson, El-
liott, Engli*h, Faulkner, Foley, Gartrell%Greenwood,Gregg,
Groesbeek, Thomas L. Harns, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard,.,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Kelly, Lawrence, Letcher,"
MeKibbin, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller,
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Quitman, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffm, Scott, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith,
William Smith, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, White, Augustus R.Wiigln, and JohnV. Wright—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andfews, Bennett, Bilhnghmst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bryan, Buffinton, Burlingame,Camp-
bell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark. Hoiace F. Clark,
Clawson, John Cochrane, Cockeull, Coltax, Comms, Cra-
gm, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Mdiylaml, Bavjsof Indiana,,
Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dimmiok, Dodd, Durfee, Fen-
ton, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Gilman. Gilmer, Goode,
Goodwin, Gianger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Hill, Horton,
llovvaid, Iluyler. George W. Jones. Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kiteore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach,
Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
Maynaul, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman
II. Moioe, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phillip?, Pike, Pot-
ter, Puiviance, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Royce,
John Sherman, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, William Stewart. Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Under
wood, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Cadwalader C Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Whiteley,
Wilson, and Zolhcotier—99.
So the preamble was rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. McCXUEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bokham, had come into the House in time to vote,
but had paired off till to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK, of New York said: As I under-
stand the question in the form in which it is pre-
sented, I shall vote " no."
Mr. HOUSTON said: I had voted before I read
the preamble. I am willing to vote for it, and
against the resolution. I vote " ay.M
Mr. BOWIE asked leave to vote, not having
been in the Hall when his name was called.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. BOW IE 1 would have voted " ay."
Mr. ADRAIN asked the same privilege.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. ADRAIN. Had I been in the Hall when
my name was called, I would have voted " ay."
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. CLAY asked the previous question on the
passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not been
read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the preamble was re-
jected ; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS asked for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The joirt resolution was read the third time.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to refer the joint res-
olution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
