1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
206a
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
commitment. I had not withdrawn the call for
the previous question; but I understood, from a
remark made by the Speaker, that the demand
would be in order.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is in order.
Mr. CLAY. Then I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order, after the call
for the previous question, to move to recommit to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. I understood that that mo-
tion was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] rose and proposed to submit
the demand for the pievious question; but the
joint resolution had not been read the third time,
and the gentleman from Kentucky was notified
that the demand for the previous question was not
in order. The demand for the previous question
is in order now.
Mr. CLAY. Then I make that demand.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That cuts off
the motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Kentucky had not the floor to
move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
York had not resigned the floor he is entitled to
it, and the gentleman from Kentucky cannot be
recognized. The Chair supposed that the gen-
tleman from New York had made his motion, and
surrendered the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I had not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
New York is entitled to the floor, and the motion
for the previous question cannot be entertained so
long as the gentleman from New York has the
floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I believe the gentleman from
New York had taken his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik says he had not resigned the floor. The
Chair was under the impression that he had sur-
rendered the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman had resumed
his seat, and it was to be supposed he had surren-
dered the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I certainly had not resigned
the floor. There was some conversation pending
between the Speaker and several other gentlemen,
to which I gave way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rose to demand the previous question; and
the Chair supposing that the gentleman from New
York had surrendered the floor, recognized the
gentleman from Kentucky. The gentleman from
New York rises in his place, and says that he had
not resigned the floor, and of course it cannot be
taken from him.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If the
Speaker assigned the floor to the gentleman from
Kentucky, can he now take it from him and give
it back to the gentleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. The assignment of the floor
to the gpnileman from Kentucky was under a mis-
apprehension of facts in the mind of the Speaker.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That may
be true; but still the Speaker recognized the gen- ;
tleman from Kentucky, and gave him the floor. ;
The SPEAKER. Under a misapprehension. ,
Mr. CLAY. My motion was entertained by !
the Speaker. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertained it on
the supposition that the gentleman from New ,
Yotk had surrendered the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman from Now York [Mr Sickles] rose to a
question of order. What was the question of
order 5
The SPEAKER. The question of order was ,
that he was entitled to the floor; and that it could ,
not be taken from him by the gentleman from ,
Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I thought
he rose to contend against the previous question
being moved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so un-
derstand the question of order.
Mr. SICKLES. I rose to claim the floor, not
having surrendered it.
Mr. CLAY. Does an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, as to whether the previous question
is before the House, lie ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. CLAY. Then I make that appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky appeals from the decision of the Chair in
declining to receive his motion for the previous
question.
Mr. dLAY. No, sir. I understood that the
demand for the previous question was entertained
by the Chair;and now the Chair overrules it,and
assigns the floor to another gentleman. From that
decision of the Chair I appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
facts, so that the gentleman from Kentucky will
have the benefit of them. The gentleman from
New York rose and moved to recommit the joint
resolution to the Committee &f the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rose and demanded the previous question.
The Chair,under the supposition that the gentle-
man from New York had surrendered the floor,
recognized the gentleman from Kentucky, and
entertained his demand for the previous question.
Thegentleman from New York rising subsequent- j
ly, or standing on his feet all the while, claims j
his right to be heard on his motion to recommit, i
on the ground that he had not surrendered the j
floor so as to enable the gentlemen from Kentucky
to make his motion; and the Chair, aotmg under
a misapprehension of the facts in receiving, in
the first instance, the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, assigns the floor to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make one statement. After the vote by which the
preamble was rejected had been announced by the
Speaker, 1 endeavored to get the floor to move the
previous question; but the floor was assigned to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who
then demanded the previous question, as I had
intended to do. Then, after he had demanded it,
I made the privileged motion to reconsider, and
lay on the table. I understood that, af that time,
the gentleman from Kentucky had demanded the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. * The gentleman has misap-
prehended the state of the facts.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to correct
the erroneous impression of the gentleman fiom
Illinois. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] was recognized by the Chair, and stated
that he proposed to demand the previous question
on the passage of the resolution. The Chair
stated that it was not in order at that time, inas-
much as the joint resolution had not been read a
third time, pursuant to the order of the House.
So that the demand for the previous question
could not have been pending.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if amotion to recommit the preamble and i
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs is i
in order? j
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit the j
preamble would not be in order, because the
House has rejected the preamble and has no fur- i
ther control over it. A motion to recommit the ,
joint resolution would be m order if the gentle- j
man had the floor to make the motion; but the j
gentleman from New York is entitled to the floor.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. SICKLES. I do so, sir.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the consent of the
House to withdraw from the files of the Hous^,
for the use of the Post Oflire Department, the affi-
davit of William Fuller, who is now being pros-
ecuted by the Post Office Department for some
offense. It is highly important that the paper
should be withdrawn to-dav. as they will need it
to-morrow.
Leave was granted for the withdrawal of the
paper.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY AGAIN.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I a^k the gentleman from
New York to allow me to submit a motion to re-
commit the joint resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SICKLES. I must decline to yield for
that purpose. " - ...
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied that the
House is not prepared to vote on the resolution
now.
Mr. SICKLES. I think so too, and J want to
prove it. I should have been glad if the gentle-
man had voted with me to give the House, more .
time.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my col-
league give way to me for a moment, to permit
me to bring to the attention of the House a mat-
ter in respect to which I am instructed by t)ie
C^'.mittee on the Judiciary to ask the direction
o'1 -.he House ?
Mr. SICKLES yielded.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, lam
instructed by the Judiciary Committee to ask that
they be discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask that the matter before the
House be disposed of before anything else is
brought up..
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I believe that my
colleague has yielded me the floor, and that I am
entitled to it.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for any gen-
tleman upon the floor to object.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the ob-
jection will not be insisted on. My purpose is to
facilitate the business of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us dispose of
the business before the House; and then the gen-
tleman can bring his case up.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repoited that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 86) to admit
the State of Minnesota into the Union; when thed
Speaker signed the same. 1
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY RESUMED.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, I am too well
aware of the impatience with winch the House,
at this period ofthe session, regards any extended
discussion, to trespass long upon its attention,
even upon so important a topic as I regard this to
be. But, sir, I do believe that a brief discussion,
a few minutes devoted to a question of this char-
acter, will not be appropriated in vain. 1 think
the House will concur with me in saying that the
record we have exhibited for the last few days,
and the votes that have been taken on this ques-
tion, afford the most conclusive proof that 1 can
refer to to show that the question is not correctly
understood in many quarters ofthe House.
It is well understood that negotiations are now
pending, and have been pending for some time,
under favorable auspices, with a view to bringing
the two countries to an amicable understanding in
reference to the controversies that have grown out
of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Howis that known ?
Mr. SICKLES. It is known from the Presi-
dent's message of December last. I have heard
the same inquiry put many times, and I am sur-
prised that tins tact is not more generally known.
I will read a very brief extract from the message.
After giving his views upon the British construc-
tion ofthe treaty, the President says, at page 12:
e: Whilst entertaining these permmcnts, I shall, ncvcrthc-
los1*, not refuse to eon'ribute to any reasonable adjustment
ot the Centra! American question winch not practically
inconsistent w nil the American imeipretation or' tnc ueaty.
Overtures lor tin~ puipo&o have been roeently made by the
British Government m a friendly bpirit, which E coidially
reciprocate."
Mr. CLAY. That relates to Central American
affairs.
Mr. STCKLES. What I have read is in rela-
■ tion to the Clayton-Buhver treaty, and nothing
i else, as I will prove if there is any dispute about
! it. The passage immediately preceding what I
' have read removes ail doubt as to what is referred
to. It is as follows:
; ■< Tin; time -pent m d^eu--ing the meaning of the Clay-
ton and Iidlwc'i treaty would have been devoted to tin-?
praiseworthy purptve, and the ta^k would have been the
mere c.i-ilv accomplished, because thp mtete^t ot rue two
CvMintiu'v in Oenir.il America is tdenfoiLboinu cimlinedto
' seeming &aie transits ovei all the route*, across the isth-
1 mus."
| Then follows the passage which I have just
■ rend, stating that overtures have been made by
