APPENDIX
TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate Ho. of Reps.
'MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
In obedience to the command of the Constitu-
tion, it has now become my duty "to give to
Congress information of the state of the Union, j
and recommend to their consideration such meas-
ures" as I judge to be " necessary and expe-
dient."
But first, and above all, our thanks are due to
Almighty God for the numerous benefits which
He has bestowed upon this people; and our
united prayers ought to ascend to Him that He
would continue to bless our great Republic in
time to come as He has blessed it in time past.
Since the adjournment of the last Congress our
constituents have enjoyed an unusual degree of
health. The earth has yielded her fruits abund-
antly, and has bountifully rewarded the toil of
the husbandman. Our great staples have com-
manded high puces, and, up till within a brief
period, our manufacturing, mineral, and mechan-
ical occupations have largely partaken of the
general prosperity. We have possessed all the
elements of material wealth in rich abundance,
and yet, notwithstanding all these advantages, j
our country, in its monetary interests, is at the ,
present moment in a deplorable condition. In '
tiie midst of unsurpassed plenty in all the pro-
ductions of agriculture and in all the elements of
national wealth, we find our manufactures sus-
pended, our public works retarded, our private
enterprises of different kinds abandoned, and
thousands of useful laborers thrown out of em-
ployment and reduced to want. The revenue of
the Government, which is chiefly derived from I
duties on imports from abroad, has been greatly
reduced, whilst the appropriations made by Con-
gress at its last session for the current fiscal year
are very large in amount.
Under these circumstances a loan may be re-
quired before the close of your present session;
but this, although deeply to be regretted, would
prove to be only a slight misfortune when com-
pared with the suffering and distress prevailing
among the people. With this the Government
cannot fail deeply to sympathize, though it may
be without the power to extend relief.
It is our duty to inquire what has produced
such unfortunate results, and whether their recur-
rence can be prevented ? in all former revulsions
the blame might have been fairly attributed to a
variety of cooperating causes; but not so upon the
present occasion. It is apparent that our existing
misfortunes have proceeded solely from our ex-
travagant and vicious system of paper currency
and bank credits, exciting the people to wild spec-
ulations and gambling in stocks. These revul-
sions must continue to recur at successive intervals
so long as the amount of the paper currency and
bank loans and discounts of the country shall be
left to the discretion of fourteen hundred irre-
sponsible banking institutions, which, from the
New Series—No. 1.
very law of their nature, will consult the interest
of the stockholders rather than the public welfare.
The framers of the Constitution, when they
gave to Congress the power "to coin money and
to regulate the value thereof," and prohibited the
States from coining money, emitting bills of cred-
it, or making: anything but gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts, supposed they had
protected the people against the evils of an ex-
cessive and irredeemable paper currency. They
are not responsible for the existing anomaly, that
a Government endowed with the sovereign attri-
bute of coining money and regulating the value
thereof, should have no power to prevent others
from driving this coin out of the country and fill-
ing up the channels of circulation with paper
which does not represent gold and silver.
It is one of the highest and most responsible
duties of Government to insure to the people a
sound circulating medium, the amount of which
ought to be adapted with the utmost possible wis-
dom and skill to the wants of internal trade and
foreign exchanges. If this be either greatly
above or greatly below the proper standard, the
marketable value of every man's property is in-
creased or diminished in the same proportion, and
injustice to individuals, as well as incalculable
evils to the community, are the consequence.
Unfortunately, under the construction of the
Federal Constitution, which has now prevailed
too long to be changed, this important and deli-
cate duty has been dissevered from the coining
power, and virtually transferred to more than
fourteen hundred State banks, acting independ-
ently of each other, and regulating their paper
issues almost exclusively by a regard to the pres-
ent interest of their stockholders. Exercising the
sovereign power of providing a paper currency,
instead of coin, for the country, the first duty
which these banks owe to the public is to keep in
their vaults a sufficient amount of gold and silver
to insure the convertibility of their notes into coin
at all times and under all circumstances. No
bank ought ever to be chartered without such
restrictions on its business as to secure this result.
All other "restrictions are comparatively vain.
This is the only true touchstone, the only efficient
regulator of a paper currency—the only one which
can guard the public against over-issues and bank
suspensions. Asacollateraland eventual security
it is doubtless wise, and in all cases ought to be
required, that banks shall hold an amount of
United States or State securities equal to their
notes in circulation, and pledged for their redemp-
tion. This, however, furnishes no adequate
security against over-issues. On the contrary,
it may be perverted to inflate the currency. In-
deed ,"it is possible by this means to convert all the
debts of the United States and State governments
into bank notes, without reference to the specie
required to redeem them. However valuable these
securities may be in themselves, they cannot be^
converted into gold and silver at the moment of
pressure, as our experience teaches, in sufficient
time to prevent bank suspensions and the de-
preciation of bank notes. In England, which is
to a considerable extent a paper-money country,
though vastly behind our own in this respect, it
was deemed advisable, anterior to the act of Par-
liament of 1844, which wisely separated the issue
of notes from the banking department, for the
Bank of England always to keep on hand gold
and silver equal to one third of its combined cir-
culation and deposits. If this proportion was
no more than sufficient to secure the convertibil-
ity of its notes, with the whole of Great Britain,
and to some extent the continent of Europe, as
a field of its circulation, rendering it almost im-
possible that a sudden and immediate run to a
dangerous amount should be made upon it, the
same proportion would certainly be insufficient
under our banking system. Each of our fourteen
hundred banks has but a limited circumference
for its circulation, and in the course of a very few
days the depositors and note-holders migh^ de-
mand from such a bank a sufficientamountin spe-
cie to compel it to suspend, even although it had
coin in its vaults equal to one third of its imme-
diate liabilities. And yet I am not aware, with the
exception of the banks of Louisiana, that any State
bank throughout the Union has been required
by its charter to keep this or any other propor-
tion of gold and silver compared with the amount
of its combined circulation and deposits. What
has been the consequence ? In a recent report
made by the Treasury Department on the condi-
tion of the banks throughout the different States,
according to returns dated nearest to January,
1857, the aggregate amount of actual specie in
their vaults as $58,349,838; of their circulation,
$214,778,822;and of their deposits, |230,351,352.
Thus it appears that these banks, in the aggre-
gate, have considerably less than one dollar in
seven of gold and silver, compared with their
circulation and deposits. It was palpable, there-
fore, that the very first pressure must drive them
to suspension, and deprive the people of a con-
vertible currency, with all its disastrous conse-
quences. It is truly wonderful that they should
have so long continued to preserve their credit,
when a demand for the payment of one seventh
of their immediate liabilities would have driven
them into insolvency. And this is the condition
of the banks, notwithstanding that four hundred
millions of gold from California have flowed in
upon us within the last eight years, and the tide
still continues to flow. Indeed, such has been the
extravagance of bank credits that the banks now
hold a considerable less amount of specie, either
in proportion to their capital or to their circula-
tion and deposits combined, than they did before
the discovery of gold in California. Whilst in
the year 1848 their specie in proportion to their
capital was more than equal to one dollar for four
and a half, in 1857 it does not amount to one dol-
lar for every six dollars and thirty-three cents of
their capital. In the year 1848 the specie was
equal, within a very small fraction, to one dollar
in five of their circulation and deposits; in 1857
it is not equal to one dollar in seven and a half
of their circulation and deposits.
From this statement it is easy to account for
our financial history for the last forty years. It
has been a history of extravagant expansions in
the business of the country, followed by ruinous
contractions. At successive intervals the best
