APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
and most enterprising men have been tempted to
their ruin by excessive bank loans of mere paper
credit, exciting them to extravagant importations
of foreign goods, wild speculations, and ruinous
and demoralizing stock gambling. When the
crisis arrives, as arrive it must, the banks can
extend no relief to the people. In a vain struggle
to redeem their liabilities in specie, they are com-
pelled to contract their loans and their issues;
and at last, in the hour of distress, when their
assistance is most needed, they and their debtors
together sink into insolvency.
_ It is this paper system of extravagant expan-
sion, raising the nominal price of every article
far beyond its real value, when compared with
the cost of similar articles in countries whose
circulation is wisely regulated, which has pre-
vented us from competing in our own markets
with foreign manufacturers, has produced extrav-
agant importations, and has counteracted the
effect of the large incidental protection afforded
to our domestic manufactures by the present
revenue tariff. But for this the branches of our
manufactures composed of raw materials, the
production of our own country—such as cotton,
iron, and woolen fabrics—would not only have
acquired almost exclusive possession of the home
market, but would have created for themselves a
foreign market throughout the world.
Deplorable, however, as may be our present
financial condition, we may yet indulge in bright
hopes for the future. No other nation has ever
existed which could have endured such violent
expansions and contractions of paper credits with-
out lasting injury; yet the buoyancy of youth,
the energies of our population, and the spirit
which never quails before difficulties, will enable
us soon to recover from our present financial em-
barrassments, and mayevcn occasion us speedily
to forget the lesson which thoy have taught.
Ill the mean time, it is the duly of the Govern-
ment, by all proper means within its power, to
aid in alleviating the sufferings of the people oc-
casioned by the suspensions of the banks, and
to provide against a recurrence of the same ca-
lamity. Unfortunately, in either aspect of the
case, it can do but little. Thanks to the Inde-
pendent Treasury, the Government has not sus-
pended payment, as it was compelled to do by
the failure of the banks in 1837. It will con-
tinue to discharge its liabilities to the people in
gold and silver. Its disbursements in coin will
pass into circulation, and materially assist in re-
storing a sound currency. From its high credit,
should wo be compelled to make a temporary
Ioan,it can bo effected on advantageous terms.
This, however, shall,if possible,beavoided; but
if not, then the amount shall be limited to the
lowest practicable sum.
I have therefore determined that whilst no use-
ful Government works already in progress shall be
suspended, new works, not already commenced,
will be postponed, if this can be done without in-
jury to the country. Those necessary for its
defense shall proceed as though there had been
no crisis in our monetarv affairs.
But the Federal Government cannot do much
to provide against a recurrence of existing evils.
Even if insurmountable constitutional objections
did not exist against the creation of a national
bank, this would furnish no adequate preventive
security. The history of the last Bank of the
United States abundantly proves the truth of this
assertion. Such a bank could not, if it would,
regulate the issues and credits of fourteen hun-
dred State banks m such a manner as to prevent
the ruinous expansions and contractions in our
currency which afflicted the country throughout
the existence of the late bank, orsecure usagainst
future suspensions. In 1825 an effort was made
by the Bank of England to curtail the issues of
the country banks under the most favorable
circumstances. The paper currency had been
expanded to a ruinous extent, and the bank put
forth all its power to contract it, in order to re-
duce prices, and restore the equilibrium of the
foreign exchanges. It accordingly commenced
a system of curtailment of its loans and issues,
in the vain hope that the joint-stock and private
banks of the kingdom would be compelled to fol-
low its example, It found, however, that as it
contracted they expanded, and at the end of the
process, to employ the language of a very high
official authority, " whatever reduction of the pa-
per circulation was effected by the Bank of Eng-
land [in 1825] was more than made up by the
issues of the country banks."
But a bank of the United States would not, if
it could, restrain the issues and loans of the State
banks, because its duty as a regulator of the cur-
rency must often be in direct conflict with the
immediate interest of its stockholders. If we
expect one agent to restrain or control another,
their interests must, at least in some degree, be
antagonistic. But the directors of a bank of the
United States would feel the same interest and
the same inclination with the directors of the
State banks to expand the currency, to accommo-
date their favorites and friends with loans, and to
declare large dividends. Such has been our ex-
perience in regard to the last bank.
After all, we must mainly rely upon the pa-
triotism and wisdom of the States for the preven-
tion and redress of the evil. If they will aflord
us a real specie basis for our paper circulation by
increasing the denomination of bank notes, first
to twenty, and afterwards to fifty dollars; if they
will require that the banks shall at all times keep
on hand at least one dollar of gold and silver for
every three dollars of their circulation and de-
posits; and if they will provide, by a self-exe-
cuting enactment which nothing can arrest, that
the moment they suspend they shall go into liqui-
dation, I believe that such provisions, with a
weekly publication by each bank of a statement
of its condition, would go far to secure us against
future suspensions of specie payments.
Congress, in my opinion, possess the power to
pass a uniform bankrupt law applicable to all
balikinginstitutionsthroughoutthe United States,
and I strongly recommend its exercise. This
would make it the irreversible organic law of each
bank's existence, that a suspension of specie pay-
ments shall produce its civil death. The instinct
of self-preservation would then compel it to per-
form its duties in such a manner as to escape the
penalty and preserve its life.
The existence of banks and the circulation of
bank paper are so identified with the habits of our
people, that they cannot at this day be suddenly
abolished without much immediate injury to the
country. If we could confine them to their ap-
propriate sphere, and prevent them from admin-
istering to the spirit of wild and reckless specu-
lation by extravagant loans and issues, they might
be continued with advantage to the public.
But this I say, after long and much reflection:
if experience shall prove it to be impossible to
enjoy the facilities which well-regulated banks
might afford, without at the same time suffering
the calamities which the excesses of the banks
have hitherto inflicted upon the country, it would
then be far the lesser evil to deprive them alto-
gether of the power to issue a paper currency and
confine them to the functions of banks of deposit
and discount.
Our relations with foreign Governments are,
upon the whole, in a satisfactory condition.
The diplomatic difficulties which existed be-
tween the Government of the United States and
that of Great Britain at the adjournment of the
last Congress have been happily terminated by
the appointment of a British Minister to this
country, who has been co'rdially received.
_ Whilst it is greatly to the interest, as I am con-
vinced it is the sincere desire, of the Governments
and people of the two countries to be on terms of
intimate friendship with each other, it has been
our misfortune almost always to haye some irri-
tating, if not dangerous, outstanding question with
Great Britain.
Since the origin of the Government we have
been employed in negotiating treaties with that
Power, and afterwards in discussing their true
intent and meaning. In this respect, the con-
vention of April 19, 1850, commonly called the
Clayton and Bulwer treaty, has been the most
unfortunate of all; because the two Governments
place directly opposite and contradictory con-
structions upon its first and most important arti-
cle. Whilst, in the United States, we believed
that this treaty would place both Powers upon an
exact equality by the stipulation that neither will
ever " occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume
or exercise any dominion'' over, any part of Cen-
tral America, it is contended by the British Gov-
ernment that the true construction of this lan-
guage has left them in the rightful possession of
all that portion of Central America which was in
their occupancy at the date of the treaty; in fact,
that the treaty is a virtual recognition on the part
of the United States of the right of Great Britain,
either as owner or protector, to the whole exten-
sive coast of Central America, sweeping round
from the Pao Hondo to the port and harbor of
San Juan de Nicaragua, together with the adja-
cent Bay Islands, except the comparatively small
portion of this between the Sarstoon ana Cape
Honduras. According to their construction, the
treaty does no more than simply prohibit them
from extendingtlieir possessions in Central Amer-
ica beyond the present limits. It is not too much
to assert, that if in the United States the treaty
had been considered susceptible of such a con-
struction, it never would have been negotiated
under the authority of the President, nor would
it have received the approbation of the Senate.
The universal conviction in the United States was,
that when our Government consented to violate
its traditional and time-honored policy, and to
| stipulate with a foreign Government never to oc-
cupy or acquire territory in the Central American
portion of our own continent, the consideration
for this sacrifice was that Great Britain should,
in this respect at least, be placed in the same po-
sition with ourselves. Whilst wo have no right
to doubt the sincerity of the British Government
in their construction of the treaty, it is at the
same time my deliberate conviction that this con-
struction is in opposition both to its letter and its
spirit.
Under the late Administration negotiations were
instituted between the two Governments for the
purpose, if possible, of removing these difficul-
ties; and a treaty having this laudable object in
view was signed at London on the 17th of Octo-
ber, 1856, and was submitted by the President
to the Senate on the following 10th of December.
Whether this treaty, either in its original or
amended form, would have accomplished the ob-
ject intended without giving birth to new and
embarrassing complications between the two Gov-
ernments, may perhaps be well questioned. Cer-
tain it is, however, it was rendered much less
objectionable by the different amendments made
to it by the Senate. The treaty, as amended,
was ratified by me on the 12th March, 1857, and
was transmitted to London for ratification by the
British Government. That Government ex-
pressed its willingness to concur in all the amend-
ments made by the Senate, with the single ex-
ception of the clause relating to Roatan and the
other islands in the Bay of Honduras. The ar-
ticle in the original treaty, as submitted to the
Senate, after reciting that these islands and their
inhabitants " having- been by a convention bear-
ing date the 27th day of August, 1856, between
her Britannic Majesty and the Republic of Hon-
duras, constituted and declared a free territory,
under the sovereignty of the said Republic of
Honduras," stipulated that "the two contract-
ing parties do hereby mutually engage to recog-
nize and iespect,in all future time, the indepeud-
ence and rights of the said free territory as a part
or tlie Republic of Honduras.*'
Upon an examination of this convention be-
tween Great Britain and Honduras of the 27th
August, 1856, it was found that, whilst declaring
the Bay Islands to be {i a free territory under the
sovereignty of the Republic of Honduras," it de-
prived that Republic of rights without which its
sovereignty oyer them could scarcely be said to
exist. It divided them from the remainder of
Honduras, and gave to their inhabitants a sep-
, arate government of their own, with legislative,
executive, and judicial officers, clected by them-
selves. Itdepnvcd the Government of Honduras
of the taxing power in every form, and exempted
the people of theislands from the performance of
military duty except for their own exclusive de-
fense. It also prohibited that Republic from
erecting fortifications upon them for their pro-
tection -thus leaving them open to invasion from
any quarter; and, finally, it provided " that sla-
very shall not at any time hereafter be permitted
to exist therein."
