2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,'
the British Government of a friendly character,
which are cordially reciprocated by the Execu-
tive, and that negotiations are now pending.
N'>w, I do say, Mr. Speaker, that when it is
known to the Elouse.and the country that nego-
tiations are pending in reference to a most grave
and dehcate'pubhc question—a question that^h&s
given rise to a great deal of asperity of feeling
between the two countries, that has been a subject
of controversy for a number of years, and atopic
upon which'all must desire that there shall be, if
possible, a friendly understanding and a removal
of differences—it is a most extraordinary proceed-
ing on the' part of the House of Representatives
to interpose, without any knowledge of the pres-
ent state of the negotiaiions, whether itbe favor-
able or unfavorable, without any intimation from
any quarter of a desire on the part of the coordi-
nate branch of the Government, or of the treaty-
making power, for any action—I say it is without
precedent in the history of this Government for
a resolution like this 10 be pressed through the
House.
It is well known that one of the chief obstacles
to an understanding between the two countries in
reference to the Central America question, so far
as it had reference to the Bay Islands and the Mos-
quito protectorate, out of which th*s question of
interpretation arises, was the fixed and settled
views of the late Premier of England, Lord Pal-
merston, who had adhered tenaciously, during the
whole of his official career, to a line of policy
winch commuted the Government of Great Brit-
ain to intervention in Central America, and the
acquisition of territory there; looking ever,as he
did, with a jealouseyeto our obtaining ufoothold
in that region which would give us control over
the commerce of th^ East by that channel of com-
munication. And what renders any hostile action
^>n our part, either in the Mouse of Re.presenta-
Jyves or elsewhere at this time, not at all to be
Jfdesired, is the consideration that this obstacle no
longer exists. Lord Pahnersron has retired for a
period (we cannot ell how lon^) from power; and
the Minister now in office is one whose party has
in no former period shown a disposition to inter-
pose those obstacles to an adjustment winch Lord
Palmerston always has clung to, whenever he
has been m office, whether as Premier or as Min-
ister of Foreign Affairs.
The leader o( the House of Commons, Mr
Disraeli, Chancellor of the Exchequer, has ac-
knowledged, and he is the first Minister of the
Crown who has recognized the fact, that then: is
such a thing as an American policy—a policy of
progress, a policy of territorial and commercial
development, a policy which must be respected.
Mr. GlUlTMAN. Will ihe gentleman from
New Yo'k p« rmit mc to ask him" a question?
Mr. SICKLES. With pietism e.
Mr. QinTjVJAN. ( wish to nsk the gentle-
man whether there is any reliable information
that Great Britain, with her present Ministry, is
about abandoning, or has abandoned, her policy
upon the subject of the construction of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty ? In other words, whether she
is ready to abandon her possessions in Central
America?
Mr. SICKLES. I will say to the gentleman
from Mississippi that a -uftteienturne has riot yet
elapsed since the present iMirustry came intoofiicc
to ascottam pre isely the opinion they are pre-
pared to express upon that point. Lord Aberdeen,
who occupied a position precisely identical with
that of the Ministry, was prepared, as was well
understood at the time, to go for a fair adjustment
of this question with the United States, to sur-
render the Mosquito protectorate, and to retire
from rhe Bay Islands; the proof of which is con-
tained m the correspondence which is already be-
fore Congress.
Mi BLAIR. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New York if a treaty has not already been rati-
fied with Honduras by which Great Britain agrees
to surrender >he Mosquito protectorate and the
Bay Islands?
Mr. SICKLES. I will answer the gentleman
from Missouri. Pie is correct in saying that a
treaty was negotiated, but he is not correct in
supposing that it has been ratified. It was nego-
tiated, with the understanding that this country
should be a party; but it was rejected in 'be form
in which it was negotiated, by the S ■■ai> , «•;<! .\ > 1
amended that it was not satisfactory to UY u -
Britain. Great Britain has not concurred in our
amendment, nor has the treaty been ratified by
Honduras. It is obvious that that treaty can
never be ratified, because in fact itdeprives Hon-
duras of her sovereignty over her own territory.
We have not claimed this as our territory, but
we have protested against lier wresting it from
Honduras.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will permit me, the House will bear in mind that
this message of President Buchanan, in reference
to this question, is the annual message of Decem-
ber last. After stating that it is the true policy
to abolish this treaty, he says:
"The fact is, that when two nations like Great Britain
and the United'States, manually desirous, as they are, and
I tru^t ever may he. of maintaining the most friendly rela-
tions with eacli other, have un fortunately concluded a treaty
which they understand "in senses directly opposite, the
wisest course is to abiogate auch a treaty by mutual consent,
and to commence anew. Had tm?. been done promptly, a'l
difficulties m Central America would, most piobablj, ere
tins have been adjusted to the sau-faction of both parties.
The time spent in discussing the meaning of the Clayton
and Bulwer treaty would have been devoted to this praise
worthy pm pose, and the ta k would have been the more
e<*&ily accomplished because the interest of the two coun
tiies in Central America i.-i identical, being confined to se-
curing sate transits over all the routes across the isthmus.
'• Whilst entertaining these sentiments, I shall, neverthe-
less, not refuse to contribute to any reasonable adjustment
of the Central American question* which i< not practically
inconsistent witii the American interpretation of the treaty.
Overtures fortius puipose have been recently made by the
Bim*h Government in a friendly spirit, winch I coidiattv
reciprocate; but whether tin* renewed effort will re?.ult in
success, 1 am not yet prepared to express an opinion. A
brief period will determine."
This was in December last." "A brief period"
has since intervened, and yet nothing has been
done.
Mi*. SICKLES. " A brief period" in the pro-
gress of a negotiation between the United States
and Great Britain, upon a complicated and diffi-
cult question like this, is a relative term. It is
not five minutes, nor five days, nor five months.
Negotiations, as we know, have been pending
witli that nation upon this subject for several
years. But my friend from Virginia miscontrues,
I think, entirely the first paragraph which he
reads. It is very evident, from (lie context, that
the President does not recommend to this House
anything like legislation with a view of abrogat-
ing that treaty; but he expresses what is a very
palpable truth, that it would have been far better,
looking back to the difficulties which have sur-
rounded this controversy, and looking to the fact
that the constructions placet! upon the treaty by
the two Powers are wholly irreconcilable, that it
would have been far better if the treaty had been
abrogated "by mutual consent" in the early part
of the controversy.
Mr. Speaker, there is but one precedent in the
history of this country, in which a step of this
kind has been taken with a view of the abroga-
tion of a treaty. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Virginia to a part of the extract,
from which he read, to show that it was not the
intention of the President to recommend action
upon the part of Congress. The President says
it would have been better to have abrogated the
treaty by mutual consent. About that there is no
difficulty or question. There could be no cause
of complaint upon the part of any one if it had
been done by mutual consent. But, sir, this legis-
lation proposes nothing of that kind. This res-
olution declares in the preamble reasons which
are wholly irreconcilable in the idea of abrogation ]
by mutual consent.
To abrogate the treaty in the manner indicated
by this resolution would bean initiatory step in a
war policy; and the question for the House to con-
sider is, whether it is prepared, without a knowl-
edge of the present state of the question, without
a knowledge of the condition of the negotiations,
of its own mere motion, not itself a part of the
treaty-making powei,to take an initiatory step
in a war policy on this question?
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will correct what 1 think is a misapprc- |
hension op, his part of the object of this resolu- 1
tioii, Ihe resolution is not to abrogaie this '■
treaty, but is a mere modest recommendation to '
the President as a part of the treaty-making power i
-—a recommendation from the i'cpiesentatives of;
the people. And, sir, let me say that, in my I;
opinion, this House has as much right under the
^institution, in shaping the geeat foreign policy :i
of this country, to express its views, as any other_
department of the Government. This is not an .
attempt to abrogate the treaty, hut is simply a.
recommendation to the Prestdentand the treaty-
making power to take the proper means to abro-'
gate it.
Mr. SICKLES I am the last personi'n theworjd *
to detract from the respect and consideration defe
to any opinion which this House might express?'
orf any subject, - Any opinion whicji it may
press is "entitled to great weight; and j,ust for that;'
reason it. ought not to express an opinion 6n
question the state of which it is.impossible that it'
can understand, because it is not in the possession
of the "facts on which alone a'safe and reliable .
and prudent judgment can be formed. And I
would suggest to my friend from" Mississippi that.
it is in this that we see the wisdom of the consti-
tutional adjustment of the treaty-making power^-;
The treaty-making power, as we know, Is the -
President and Senate, For the Senate to entertai|i
a resolution of this kind, to express opinions on
; this class of questions, would be entirely consist-
; ent with its functions, because the Senate has it'
j in its power, as a branch of the treaty-making
: power, to ascertain at any time the slate of the.,
pending negotiations.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ritchie,] my colleague on the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, thought the other day that it was
entirely proper for the House of Representatives
to take action on a question of this kind; and,I
may add, that the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Cltngman,] then a mem- '
ber of this House, but now in the other branch "
of Congress, took the same view, in analogy, to '
i the opinions which are often expressed by the
! House of Commons on questions of foreign pol-
1 icy. Gentlemen will at once see the wide distinc-
tion between the functions of the. House of Com-
mons in reference to matters of foreign policy arid
the appropriate limitations of duty prescribed toy
the Constitution upon the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that there is but one prece-
dent for this sort of action in the history of the
country?
Mr. SICKLES. I said that I was aware of but
one precedent in the history of the country where
legislative action was invoked to abrogate treaties.
I referred to the precedent of 1798, m ihe case of
the French treaties.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the gen-
tleman referred to the resolutions about Oregon—
the joint occupancy resolutions, so called. That .
was a different sort of case.
Mr. SICKLES. That was a recommendation
to give notice, by the terms of the treaty, where
either party was at liberty to give a notice of
twelve months, terminating a joint occupation of
territory.
! Mr, Q.UITMAN. I pledge the honorable gen-
j tleman from New York that I can furnish him
I with half a dozen precedents, from the most dis-
: tinguished men who have ever been in the House
of Representatives, where they have txpressed
their wishes, or their hopes, or their disposition,
to check the tieaty-making power. In reference
! to Spain, I recollect when Mr. Clay presented in
] this House resolutions in regard to the Executive
, duties nn the subject of certain treaties. J have
not the precedents with me now, but i can furnish
i them.
I Mr. SICKLES. I do not mean to say, Mr.
Speaker, and I have not said, that there is no pre-
cedent tor an expression of opinion by this House
with reference to the foreign policy of the coun-
try. I am quite aware that there are several in-
stances in which such views have been expressed.
But what I said then, and what I adheie to now
is, that there is but one instance in which an at-
tempt was made, successfully or unsuccessfully,
to induce the House of Representatives, as a
branch of Congress, to pass a resolution or a bill
abrogating a treaty, or demanding its abrogation;
but one instance prior to this, and that was, as I
have said, in 1798, in reference to our treaties with
France; that was a war measure, and adonted as
such. It was a part of a programme of warlike
legislation, embracing an act of non-intercourse
with France, followed soon afterwards by author-
ity to our cruisers to make reprisals on French
vessels at sea-.
