1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of ihe President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Had Honduras ratified this convention, she
■would have ratified the establishment of a State
substantially independent within her own limits,
and a State at all times subject to British influ-
ence and control. Moreover, had the United
States ratified the treaty with Great Britain in its
original form, we should have been bound " to
recognize and respect in all future time" these
stipulations to the prejudice of Honduras. Being
in direct opposition to the spirit and meaning of
the Clayton and Bulwer treaty as understood in
the United States, the Senate rejected the entire
clause, and substituted in its stead a simple rec-
ognition of the sovereign right of Honduras to
these islands in the following language:
"The two contracting parties do hereby mutually engage
to recognize and respect the Islands of Eoatan, JBonaco,
Utila, Barbaretta, Helena, and Morat, situate m tlie Bay of
Honduras, and off the coast of the Republic of Honduras,
as under the sovereignty and as part of the said Itepublic
of Honduras."
Great Britain rejected this amendment, assign-
ing as the only reason, that the ratifications of the
convention of the 27th August, 1856, between
her and Honduras, had not been " exchanged,
owing to the hesitation of that Government."
Had fhis been done, it is stated that " her Ma-
jesty's Government would have had little diffi-
culty in agreeing to the modification proposed by
the Senate, which then would have had in effect
the same signification as the original wording."
Whether this would have been the effect; whether
the mere circumstance of the exchange of the
ratifications of the British convention with Hon-
duras prior in point of time to the ratification of
our treaty with Great Britain would, " in effect,"
have had " the same signification as the original
wording," and thus have nullified the amend-
ment of the Senate, may well be doubted. It is,
perhaps, fortunate that the question has never
arisen.
The British Government, immediately after re-
jecting the treaty as amended, proposed to enter
into a new treaty with the United States, similar
in all respects to the treaty which they had just
refused to ratify, if the United States would con-
sent to add to the Senate's clear and unqualified
recognition of the sovereignty of Honduras over
the Bay Islands, the following additional stipu-
lation:
" Whenever and so soon as the Republic of Honduras
shall have concluded and ratified a treaty with Great Brit-
ain, by which Great Britain shall have coded, and the
liepubhe of Honduras shall have accepted, the said islands,
subject to the provisions and conditions contained in such
treaty."
This proposition was, of course, rejected. After
the Senate had refused to recognize the British
convention with Honduras of the 27th August,
1856, with full knowledge of its contents, it was
impossible for me, necessarily ignorant of " the
provisions and conditions " which might be con-
tained in a future convention between the same
parties, to sanction them in advance.
The fact is, that when two nations like Great
Britain and the United States, mutually desirous
as they are, and I trust ever may be, of maintain-
ing the most friendly relations with each other,
have unfortunately concluded a treaty which they
understand in senses directly opposite, the wisest
course is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual con-
sent, and to commence anew. Had this been
done promptly, all difficulties in Central America
would most probably ere this have been adjusted
to the satisfaction of both parties. The time spent
in discussing the meaning of the Clayton and
Bulwer treaty would have been devoted to this
praiseworthy purpose, and the task would have
been the more easily accomplished because the
interest of the two countries in Central America
is identical, being confined to securing safe tran-
sits over all the routes across the isthmus.
Whilst entertaining these sentiments, I shall
nevertheless not refuse to contribute to any rea-
sonable adjustment of the Central American
questions which is not practically inconsistent
with the American interpretation of the treaty.
Overtures for this purpose have been recently
made by the British Government in a friendly
spirit, which I cordially reciprocate; but whether
this renewed effort will result in success I am riot
yet prepared to express an opinion. A brief
period will determine.
With France our ancient relations of friendship
still continue to exist. The French Government
have in several recent instances, which need not
be enumerated, evinced a spirit of good will and
kindness towards our country which I heartily
reciprocate. It is, notwithstanding, much to be
regretted that two nations whose productions are
of such a character as to invite the most ex-
tensive exchanges, and freest commercial inter-
course, should continue to enforce ancient and
obsolete restrictions of trade against each other.
Our commercial treaty with France is, in this
respect, an exception from our treaties with all
other cdmmercial nations. It jealously levies
discriminating duties both on tonnage and on
articles, the growth, produce, or manufacture of
the one country, when arriving in vessels belong-
ing to the other.
More than forty years ago, on the 3d of March,
1815, Congress passed an act offering to all nations
to admit their vessels laden with their national
productions into the ports of the United States
upon the same terms with our own vessels, pro-
vided they would reciprocate to us similar advant-
ages. This act confined the reciprocity to the
productions of the respective foreign nations who
might enter into the proposed arrangement with
the United States. The act of May 24, 1828, re-
moved this restriction, and offered a similar reci-
procity to all such vessels without reference to the
origin of their cargoes. Upon these principles,
our commercial treaties and arrangements have
beenfounded, except with France; and let ushope
that this exception may not long exist.
Our relations with Russia remain, as they have
ever been, on the most friendly footing. The
present Emperor, as well as his predecessors, have
never failed, when the occasion offered, to manifest
their good will to our country; and their friend-
ship has always been highly appreciated by the
Government and people of the United States.
With all other European Governments, except
that of Spain, our relations are as peaceful as we
could desire. I regret to say that no progress
whatever has been made since the adjournment
of Congress towards the settlement of any of the
numerous claims of our citizens against the Span-
ish Government. Besides, the outrage committed
on our flag by the Spanish war frigate Ferolana
on the high seas, off the coast of Cuba, iij,March,
1855, by firing into the American mail steamer
El Dorado, and detaining and searching her, re-
mains unacknowledged and unredressed. The
general tone and temper of the Spanish Govern-
ment towards that of the United States are much
to be regretted. Oyr present Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Madrid has
asked to be recalled; and it is my purpose to send
out a new Minister to Spain, with special instruc-
tions on all questions pending between the two
Governments, and with a determination to have
them speedily and amicably adjusted, if this be
possible. In the mean time, whenever our Min-
ister urges the just claims of our citizens on the
notice of the Spanish Government, he is met with
the objection that Congress have never made the
appropriation recommended by President Polk
in his annual message of December, 1847, " to
be paid to the Spanish Government for the pur-
pose of distribution among the claimants in the
Amistad case." A similar recommendation was
made by my immediate predecessor in his mes-
sage of'December, 1853; and entirely concurring
with both in the opinion that this indemnity is
justly due under the treaty with Spain of the
27th October, 1795, I earnestly recommend such
an appropriation to the favorable consideration
of Congress.
A treaty of friendship and commerce was con-
cluded at Constantinople on the 13th of Decem-
ber, 1856, between the United States and Persia,
the ratifications of which were exchanged at Con-
stantinople on the 13th of June, 1857, and the
treaty was proclaimed by the President on the
18th August, 1857. This treaty, it is believed,
will prove beneficial to American commerce. The
Shah has manifested an earnest disposition to
cultivate friendly relations with our country, and
has expressed a strong wish that we should be
represented at Teheran by a minister plenipoten-
tiary; and 1 recommend that an appropriation be
made for this purpose.
Recent occurrences in China have been unfa-
vorable to a revision of the treaty with that Em-
pire of the 3d July, 1844, with a view to the
security and extension of our commerce. The
twenty-fourth article of this treaty stipulated for
a revision of it, in case experience should prove
this to be requisite; " in which case the two Gov-
ernments will, at the expiration of twelve years
from the date of said convention, treat amicably
concerning the same, by means of suitable per-
sons appointed to conduct such negotiations."
These twelve years expired on the 3d July, 1856;
but long before that period it was ascertained that
important changes in the treaty were necessary;
and several fruitless attempts were made by the
Commissioner of the United States to effect these
changes. Another effort was about to be made
for the same purpose by our Commissioner, in
conjunction with the Ministers of England and
France, but this was suspended by the occur-
rence of hostilities in the Canton river between
Great Britain and the Chinese Empire. These
hostilities have necessarily interrupted the trade
of all nations with Canton, which is now in a
state of blockade, and have occasioned a serious
loss of life and property. Meanwhile the insur-
rection within the Empire against the existing
imperial dynasty still continues, and it is difficult
to anticiDate what will be the result.
Under these circumstances, I have deemed it
advisable to appoint a distinguished citizen of
Pennsylvania Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary to proceed to China, and to avail
himself of any opportunities which may offer to
effect changes in the existing treaty favorable to
American commerce, He left the United States
for the place of his destination in July last in the
war steamer Minnesota. Special Ministers to
China have also been appointed by the Govern-
ments of Great Britain and France.
Whilst our Minister has been instructed to oc-
cupy a neutral position in reference to the exist-
ing hostilities at Canton, he will cordially coop-
erate with the British and French Ministers in all
peaceful measures to secure, by treaty stipula-
tions, those just concessions to commerce which
the nations of the world have a right to expect,
and which China cannot long be permitted to
withhold. From assurances received, I entertain
no doubt that the three Ministers will act in har-
monious concert to obtain similar commercial
treaties for each of the Powers they represent.
We cannot fail to feel a deep interest in all that
concerns the welfare of the independent Republics
on our own continent, as well as of the Empire
of Brazil.
Our difficulties with New Granada, which a
short time since bore so threatening an aspect,
are, it is to be hoped, in a fair train of settlement
in a manner just and honorable to both parties.
The isthmus of Central America, including
that of Panama, is the great highway between
the Atlantic and Pacific, over which a large por-
tion of the commerce of the world is destined to
pass. The United States are more deeply inter-
ested than any other nation in preserving the
freedom and security of all the communications
across this isthmus. It is our duty, therefore, to
take care that they shall not be interrupted either
by invasions from our own country or by wars
between the independent States of Central Amer-
ica. Under our treaty with New Granada of the
12th December, 1846, we are bound to guaranty
the neutrality of the Isthmus of Panama, through
which the Panama railroad passes, " as well as
the rights of sovereignty and property which
New Granada has and possesses over the said
territory." This obligation is founded upon
equivalents granted by the,treaty to the Govern-
ment and people of the United States.
Under these circumstances, I recommend to
Congress the passage of an act authorizing the
President, in case of necessity, to employ the land
and naval forces of the United States to carry into
effect this guarantee of neutrality and protection.
I also recommend similar legislation for the secu-
rity of any other route across the isthmus in
which we may acquire an interest by treaty.
With the independent Republics on this conti-
nent it is both our duty and our interest to culti-
vate the most friendly relations. We can never
feel indifferent to their fate, and must always
rejoice in their prosperity. Unfortunately, both
