THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1858.
New Series....No. 330.
I admit that a state of things might exist where
it would be proper for the House, either in the
expression of its own views of policy, or where
it saw fit to make an issue with the Executive, or
where it desired to cooperate with the Executive
after the termination of all negotiation, after the
abandonment, by each side, of all attempt at rec-
onciliation. I can well understand, sir, that a
state of things might thus arise in which it would
be entirely proper for the House of Representa-
tives to express, by lesoiutmn, its views as to
what should be done. But that would be with
full knowledge of all that had passed, and in view
of the fact that negotiations having terminated,
the time for actinii had begun.
I agree with the suggestion which was thrown
out to-day while we were voting on the preamble,
that if negotiations had terminated, and all hope
of an adjustment was at an end, and action was
proposed, there would then be no objection to our
taking the initiative. If such were the case I would
go as fai as any gentleman upon this floor m rec-
ommending and advising such action as might be
nccessary to vindicate the honor and protect the
interests of the country> and to enforce that con-
formity to treaty obligations, that all Administra-
tions, this Administration included, since the form-
ation of this treaty, have insisted on with refer-
ence to the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty. I am against
the treaty on the British interpretation of it, as
strongly as any gentleman m the House can be;
but I do not believe,as the pieamble asserts, that
on the American constiucfion of it there is no mu-
tuality, and that on the American const,i uction of
it it ought to be abrogated. And I say that the ex-
pression of such an opinion by the llou^e would
stultify our Government,and place the House m
conflict with the positions that have been hereto-
fore taken by the executive branch of the Govern-
ment m the conduct of all our negotiations with
Great Bi uain. It would be occupying an entirely
new ground on the whole question.
Sir, let me, for a moment, call the attention of
the House to what must be the effect of abro-
gating this treaty bv our own act, against the
consent of England—and that is the measure pro-
posed. The effect would be to leave Great Brit-
ain in possession of till that she has, or claims to
have, in Centra! Amenea; and I b<-bevethat such
a course, in one point of view, would be far from
objectionable to Great Biitam. It could not be
objectionable to her, so far as her interests in
Central America are concerned. She could only
regret it m one aspect—that she would be bound
to regard it as an aggressive measure, and as the
mitiatoiy step in a war policy on the part of tire
United States. But if we would agree to abrogate
this treaty by our own act, and stop there, I have
no doubt that the policy of Great Biitam would
be piombted, if n«t wholly attained, by such a
coin se.
Air. BLAIR,. I understood the gentleman from
New York to state, in the first place, that the
House has nothing to do with tii.it treaty.
Mr. SICKLES. We have nothing to do with
making or a in ogaung t re a ties.
Mr. BLAIR." And yet that this is a war meas-
ure if we do abrogate it. I believe that it is com-
petent for this House to take war measures, and
to declare war. if necessary, and to take ail meas-
uies m i egai d to i: . and I think this is an mcon-
sistenev on the (>trtot the gent ieman.
Mr. XIUKLES. 1 have not questioned the
po\vi of the I louse to lake an mriaioiy strp in a
mji policy: but 1 have put it to tile House whether
it is pirpaivd to take th it step on teis question
wink' it does not know the condition of the ques-
tion :
Mr. BLAIR. We know something about the
condi'ion tit* the question if we can r< ly upon the
President's message, and the documents laid be-
fore ns on tin1 suhjei i.
Mr. S1CKLE>! We understand, by the Pies-
idetjfs uk --sa^e, t he condition !n vhten the ques-
t mn w.'s in D ce-iit >( r'm ^ t: we knew that at that
tune it was in a condition fawn able to an adjust-
ment with fJaeat Biitam; and we have no message
130
from the President since, and no information or
act, official or unofficial, from the treaty-making
power, putting a different phase on the subject.
We have no reason to believe that the hope ex-
pressed in December of an honorable and fair ad-
justment will not be realized; and I put it to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] whether,
in that state of the question, he and his friends
are prepared to ask the House of Representatives
to force war measures upon the Executive ? If so,
so be it: then he is piepared to vote for the reso-
lution.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will rny friend
permit me to put a question to him ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My colleague has
spoken of the policy of the Administration in re-
spect to Central American affairs. Is he at liberty
to answer the question whether the House and
the country are to understand that the Yrissam
treaty is an embodiment of the policy of the Ad-
ministration in respect to Central America ?
Mr. SICKLES. I am notauthonzed to Answer
that question for anybody but myself. I can only,
as my colleague can do, draw my own inferences
as to the policy of the Administration, so far as
it relates to Central America, from its acts. It is
understood that a treaty, commonly called the
Cass-Yrissarri treaty, has been negotiated by the
present Admmistiation, and has be^n ratify d by
Nicasagua; and I take it for granted that the Ad-
ministration would not negotiate a treaty that is
not in conformity with its policy and views of
the public inteiest.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to know
whether it was the view of my colleague that we
should rid ourselves of the complications of the
Ciayton-Bulwer treaty, by incurring the new ones
imposed by the Cass-Yrissarri treaty 5
Mr. SICKLES. I will answer the gentleman.
I have not, and none of us have, any authentic
official information as to the ptovisions of the
Cass-Yrissam treaty; but as I understand them
unofficially and from rumor, I do not believe that
thattreatv, lfratificd and carried out in good faith
by both Governments m the spnit in which it has
been negotiated, will involve our interests m Cen-
tral America in any new complications.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask my col-
league if the complications of the Yrissam treaty
do not come in direct conflict with those imposed
by the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty; and if the abroga-
tion of the Ciavton-Bulwer treaty is not necessary
in order that the hands of the American people
should be untied to carry out the policy resulting
from this new treaty?
Mr. SICKLES. I do not so understand it; and
I think I may add that neither of the parties to
i the Clayton-Buhvt.r treaty—neither Great Britain
[ nor the United States—understand the Cass-Yns-
! sarri treaty as coming in conflict at all with the
j provisions of the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty.
I Mr. QUITMAN. Does it not come into con-
! flict in this: that it authonzes the occupation of a
| portion of Central America by American foices,
while the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty provides that we
i shall not occupy any portion of, or establish any
■ possession m, Cential America*
: Mr. SICKLES. I think not. The Cass-Yris-
■ senn treaty looks to the Anvuieanimation of Cen-
■ tial America— if I may be allowed the express.on
i —by em'gration, by settlement—by intimate m-
: tercourse—the only true modes m which, in my
humble opinion, Central Ann nea can '^e or ought
; to bo Americanized. It looks to the extension of
! commercial intercourse and the cultivation of all
i the offices aul duties of intimate and fraternal
■ iT-'ighhoi hood between iNiraragua and the Limed
; States, and 1 should infer, from such currency as
1 limine has given to the provisions of this ncaty,
■ and the ciieumstances amending its negotiation,
that it would be the policy of the Administration
to extend our lelations wnh the other Central
Ameiifan S'atey in the sane - way, m d by sim.iar
treaties. There is nothing 'n the C.\-'s-\ ris"5 irri
; featy—not a line, as 1 understand it — which looks
1 to a permanent occupation by the United States
Government of any portion of the territory of
Central America.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Twill ask my
friend another question. Is there not an under-
standing on the part of the United States, in the
event that the Republic of Nicaragua shall be
unable to maintain her own tranquillity and to
maintain the rights which, by the contract she has
conferred upon Central American citizens, to in-
terfere by an armed occupation, or by fortifica-
tions if necessaiy, with the stipulation that the
Americans shall withdraw the armed force when-
ever the necessity for its presence ceases?
Mr. SICKLES. The Cass-Ynssarri treaty con- ,
tains precisely what the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty
contains: astipulation to protect the route across
the isthmus. In this respect, the two treaties are
in perfect accord with each other. Neither treaty
contemplates permanent occupation by either
country or by any Power, or the exclusive pos- 
session by anyone of the privileges of the transit
routes. The Cass-Yrissam treaty contemplates
the inability, m a possible contingency, of Nica-
ragua to protect and keep free and open to all na-
tions the privileges and opportunities of these
transit routes; and the United States, for itself,
undertakes to see that that protection is guaran-
tied. But the treaty involves in no way the as-
sertion of any exclusive control over the routes.
And, allow me to add, m further answer to the
question of my colleague, that the treaty does not
undertake to piotcct exclusively the rights of any
one company to the disparagement or exclusion
of another, but leaves to Nicaragua herself full
power to make such grants to such companies as *
she may see fit, with reference to the transit
routes across the isthmus.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my col-
league inform me whether the navigation of the
watet s of Nicaragua is open to ail the citizens of
the United States, under the provisions of the
Cass-Yrissarn treaty, or whether the right is re-
st; :cted to a corporation created by the Republic
ofNa\uagua, whose exclusive light they have
stipulated to defend, and this Government has
stipulated to guaranty"?
Mr. SICKLES. 1 will answer this question;
and I hope, after T have done so, he will excuse
me from going more fully into the details of a
question which is, in some measure, foreign to
the one that I have risen to discuss. The treaty
with Nicaragua concedes to Nicaiagua the right
to act for heisdf m reference to all corporations
s>hc may create with a view to establish transit
routes across the isthmus, whether by railroad,
canal, oi by anv otln-r mode. It concedes to her
the prerogatives of self-government, " of popular
sovereignty," which my colleague has always
been foremost in claiming as the tiuo principle to
be obseived among the States of our own Union,
and which, I am sure, he would be the last to re-
tuse to a young si&tei Republic like Nicaragua.
But. Mr. Speaker,I have ah eady occupied more
of th-- ume of the House man i proposed to do
whc^l rose this afternoon. I would have been
pleased, at an earlier day in the session, and at a
ume when the House would be disposed to look
more indulgently upon the consumption of time
upon thi.i or any othei question, to have entered
quite at large into the general meats of this sub-
ject, embracing as it d<;t_s, the general questions
of our relations with England with reference to
Central Amenca; and m thai connection would
ha\e been pleased to discuss what i consider the
bearing, as far as it, is pioper to discuss it in the
pieseni state of the matter, not only ot the Clay-
ton-Bul wei treaty but of the Cass-\ nssaii t tu at y
to which my colleague has referred. But I will
pass ra.>id 1 v on. and present one or two addi-
tional con^nh rations Vshnd;^ in myjudgment,
require that the House shuiiid nject this resolu-
tion.
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man indulge me with a qutstion ior iniormauoii?
Air. SICKLES Willi pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. The language of
this resolution, as I remember it, directs the Pros-
