1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
contradictory interpretations on the first and the
most important article of the treaty5 Did not
the preamble slate that? Did it not state that it
was an entangling alliance? Did not the Piesi-
dent say that it was an entangling alliance? And,
sir, in opposing the preamble, I say that the gen-
tleman opposes the views of the President of the
United States, because that preamble was a mere
reiteration of what had been said in the mes-
sage .
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say that whether I agree with the views
of the President or not, is of much less import-
ance than the inquiry whether what I have eon-
tended for is right. And I desire to correct my
friend from Kentucky in one point of his state-
• raent. The preamble is in direct conflict with the
vievv taken by the President of the treaty, for 
Mr. CLAY. Not with the views of the Pres-
ident as communicated to this House.
Mr. SICKLES. I will call the attention of my
ftiend to a point which he-mistakcs. The pream-
ble affirms that on the American construction of
the tr^a'y it is without mutuality, and ought to be
abrogated.
Mr. CLAY. Precisely.
Mr. SICKLES. And no one has claimed that
yet.
Mr. CLAY. Does the President or the Ad-
ministration say that we have gained anything by
this Clayton-Bulwer treaty/ "Where is the foot
of ground we have gained" by it? Where has it
been mutual, when England has got two thirds
of the whole Central American coast, and we have
not gained a foot? Where is the mutuality, un-
der any construction of it?
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman confounds the#
state of things under the English construction,
"With the state of things under the American con-
struction. The statu of things under the Amer-
ican construction is, that neither party shall oc-
cupy, possess, hold, or fortify any portion of the
country; but, under the British construction, it is
entirely the reverse, and they do make the claim
alleged.
Mr. CLAY. The British construction is, that
they shall have two thirds of the Central Amei-
ican coast. We say thaL is wrong, and that we
will never assent to it. Therefore, m the language
of the President, the treaty ought to be abrogated.
Mr. SICKLES. lie does not recommend its
abrogation, except by mutual consent; and that
is a different thing from what is recommended
here.
Mr. CLAY. The preamble has been voted
down. We are discussing, so far as that is con-
cerned, a dead thing. Let us come to something
that is not dead, and which I hone will not die,
and that is the resolution itself. I think I have
shown that the preamble, which was voted down,
was in the language of the President of the Uni-
ted States, as contained in his annual message.
Now, what do'5s he say about abrogating the
treaty? It has been read by gentlemen who have
spoken, but as it is good I will read it again; for
good things cannot be too often impressed upon
our minds. He says:
"The fact i.«, that when two nations like Great Bntain
and the United States, mutually des-irous the} are, and I
tiun ever rrriy be, of maintaining the mod tnondly joki-
tion> w itli each othei, have uut'oi tunatch concluded a. ticaty
which they undcr-t«md in sen^essdiicctiyoppo-HP. the wisest
couise is to abrogate >wh a tieut\ by mutual content, ami
to ^ointnenee anew. II,id this boon done piomptly. all dit-
in Ontta! America would mo<t piobably eie this
have been adjusted to the satir-ffictiou ofboth pasties. The
tiiiio spent m discu-sing the meaning of the Clajton and
niilwer treaty would have betjn devoted to this piai>e-
v. orthv puipose, and the task would have been the nune
e.i i!} u( coipph-iiPd becmw3 the interest of the two conn
11 h' - m Central Aiucnea identical, being confined to fo
euiuri yafe tiansu^ ovej ail the routes acioss the i>thmu<.
\\ luNt entertaining tiie>e sentiments, I shall no\ erthe-
le-s not iefu>.e u> conuibute to an\ reasonable adjustment
o.'the C'Jirtral Amencan questions which i< not piactuvJly
inconsistent with the American mteipietaiinn of the treaty.
Ovcititips lot tin-* puiposf have been recent!} made hv the
Jii>ii^h Government in a fnendis spun, winch I cordially
r i''"pioeaTc ; hut whether tin- renewed etToit will result in
sn^rc^s. I am not yet prepaied to express an opinion. A
bnei period will dctennuiu."
Yes, sir, abrogate it and commence anew. It
i* just like two gentlemen having made acontract,
one understanding it one way and the other an- i
other, and neither willing to yield. In the case
of irreat States, there being no superior tribunal
to which tln-y can appeal for a settlement, it is far
better fur them, in the language of the Picsiduni,
' to abrogate the thing on which they can never
j agree. The American people, I believe, never will
! agree to the English construction of the first ar-
i ticlc of this treaty; and as there is no tribunal to
; which the two nations can appeal for an arbitra-
. tion of the differences between them, it would
1 seem best to wipe it out, and begin new. Does
j not the President tell us that? Does the resolu-
i tion desire to do anything more? I call for the
i reading of the resolution.
| The Clerk read thepieamble and resolution as
i follows:
: "VVheieas, the treaty between the United States and Gicat
I Britain, designated as the Clayton-Jinlwer tieafy.is, under
1 the inteipictation placed upon it by GieatBiJiam,a&urren-
j der ot the rights ot this eountrv, and, upon the American
! construction, an entangling alliance, without mutuality,
I either in its benefits or restrictions, and lias hitbeito been
1 product! re only of inisiindeisJanding^ and controveisies be-
, tween the two Government^: Therefore,
JIcso'rcl by the Senate and Jlowe of Representative« of
the United States of Jimcica m Co?t<,'res$ aisemhled, That
the President of the United States be jet]nested to take ^ccii
step> as iijdv be. m his judgment, beat calculated to cfrect a
speedy abio:wnoii ot sueh uoaty.
Mr. CLAY. "That the President of the United
States be requested to take such steps as in his
judgment may be best, to effect the abrogation of
that treaty"—is not that just what he says he
wants to do ?
Mr. SICKLES Put in f£ by mutual consent," ,
and it will do. i
Mr. CLAY. Was not the gentleman one of 1
the committee which reported this resolution, and j
why did he not suggest it there? And let me just '
here ask my honorable friend a question, if it be j
a proper one. My impression is, that in commit- 1
tee the gentleman was in favor of the resolution,
though not of the preamble.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to refer to
what occurred in committee.
Mr. CLAY. If that be so, I will withdraw my
question.
Mr. SICKLES. I will make a response which
will not violate the rule. I will say to my friend
that I was not present in the committee when the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLAY. That docs not answer the ques-
tion. Well, sir, we have cot to this state. This
resolution has been reported. It is in direct con-
formity with the opinion of the President as con-
tained in his annual message.
But, says the gentleman, there may have been
negotiations going on at this time, which, if we
1 were to adopt such a resolution as this—merely
: expressive of our opinion, not abrogating or m-
■ tending to abrogate this treaty, and not looking
that way, except so far as the treaty-making
power is concerned—these negotiations might,
perhaps, be embarrassed by this act on our part.
How are they to be embarrassed? If the repre-
sentatives of Great Britain here—either one of her
two reprrmifatirex here,—were to have been embar- I
nissed, or if the British Ministry at home, in its
relations with our Minister there, were to be em- 1
barrassed by such an expression of opinion, it :
docs appear to rne that the negotiations should be ,
for more embarrassed by the expression of opm- '
ion contained in the annual message of his Excel-
lency the Piesident of the United States. If the
negotiations were to have been embarrassed by 1
such a thing as we propose to do here—the pas-
sage of a simple resolution directly reiterating
what the President himself has said—the person
who first embarrassed the negotiations is the Pres-
ident himself, and not we.
Sir, there is no embarrassment about it. I be-
lieve that this resolution expresses only the sense
of the country. I believe that even those gentle- ,
men who are unwilling to see slavery extended to
Central America, or anywhere else wheie itis not ,
now, and those gentlemen who desire that, if at
some future day it may be necessary for us, we '
may require more territory in the South, either
with or without shr.es—I believe that all these ,
parties, m opinion, or a vast majority of them, !
will agree with me, that it is against the policy of 1
the country to have such an entangling alliance—
an alliance without mutuality and without ben-
efit to us, which, while England has got all, re-
quires us to tie our hands and take none. I be-
lieve that the sense of this -whole country is op-
posed to any such doctrine.
But my friend says that the passage of the rrso- ■
lution would be the initiation of a war-policy. Did ;
he not tell v? at one moment, that Gieaf Britain
wanted this treaty to be abrogated, as it would
leave her where she stood with her possessions
as she now claims them ? Granted that it would
leave her where she stood, with her possessions
as she claims them; she would still be claiming
them against our protest. We believe-she has
no right to these possessions, and she would not
be claiming them, as she now pretends to claim
them, under a treaty made with us, and which
we are prevented from violating in the least de-
gree, so long as it stands a compact between the
two countries. But when this treaty is abrogated,
we can take up the subject anew, and can make
a new treaty embodying what we believe to have
been the intent ana purport of that treaty; our
hands would be untied: and if we could get no
such treaty—if England would refuse to be just
to us, if England wished to play the same game
on this continent as she has played on other con-
tinents, taking the lion's share always, and saying
to the rest of the world " stand back, you shall
have none;" if she pretends to adopt such a pol-
icy as that, for this our America, I for one will
say that the time for war has come, and my voice
will be for it.
But, sir, the gentleman again says it is clear that
England would not consent to abrogate thistreaty.
After having said that it was the very thing she
wished, he goes on and says, in a subsequent part
of his argument, that it is clear England will not
consent to it. I understood my honorable friend
to say so.- If I am mistaken I will be happy to
be corrected.
Mi. SICKLES. T said that undoubtedly the
effect of the abrogation of the treaty, by our act
olone, would be to facilitate the accomplishment
of England's policy, because it would leave her
in possession of all she now claims, and that the
only exception that she could take, an exception
which she doubtless would take, is that the act on
our part would be construed as a war measure;
but that if we would assure her that we abrogated
the treaty and there stopped, I had not the least
doubt in the world she would be very glad of it.
Mr. CLAY. As I remarked before, if it be a
war measure, then the President of the United
.States has initiated it, and not we; for we have
but attempted to take his ideas, and to reiterate
his language; and I, for one, am willing to stand
up for the Administration, at least by an expres-
sion of opinion.
Mr. Speaker, I regret to have detained the House
so long when I knew it was tired already; but
while 1 did not wish to consume much time on
the matter, I felt it my duty to my colleague, and
to myself, entertaining the opinion that I do, of
utter abhorrence to this Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
that I should refer, as I have done, and as briefly
as possible, to the sentiments that I entertain on
the subject.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think there is
hardly a quorum present, and if the gentleman
will withdraw his motion, I should like to submit
a few remarks.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should like to
d o so very much; but there are a great many here
who wish to speak.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not desire to
make a speech.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNS, of Illinois. Will the
Chair state in what condition the resolution will
be, if the House now adjourns?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution will come up after the special otder
of to-morrow or next day is disposed of, the first
business in order the next morning.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire
whether, if the House adjourns now, the resolu-
tion does not go to the Speaker's table;
The SPEAKER.. The order made on Monday,
placed the resolution before the House in a con-
dition different from what it would have occupied
had it been taken up in the regular manner. The
only reason why it does not take precedence of
the special order to-morrowis, because the special
order for to-morrow was made before this reso-
lution was placed in the condition of a special
order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let me understand this
matter. This resolution will come up after the
