1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
at the expanse of their common blood and treasure, surely
one sei of the partners can have no right to exclude the
other from its enjoyment by prohibiting them from taking
intoit whatever i& recognized to be property by the common
Constitution. But when the people—bona fideresidents
of such Territory—-proceed to frame a State constitution,
then it is their right to decide the important question- for
themselves wheiher they will continue, modify, or abolish
slavery. To them, ami to them alone, does this question
belong, free fioin all foreign interference."
The official organ goes much further than the
President; bat, from the well-known fact that no
important article goes into that paper without the
advice and consent of the President and Cabinet,
the article from which 1 quote may be regarded as
expressing the views of the Administration. It
appeared in the Union on the 17th of November
last. I have only time to read a brief extract, as
follows:
" The Constitution declares that ' the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
ot citizens in the seveial States.' Every citizen of one State
coming into another State has, therefore, a right to the pro-
tection of his person, and that property which is recognized
as such hy the Constitution of the United States, any law of
a State to ihe contiary notwithstanding. So far from any
State having a right to deprive him of this property, it is its
bonnden duty to protect hnn in its possession.
" IT these views are coirect—and we believe it would be
difficult to invalidate tlit-m—it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or otherwise, which prohibit a citizen of
one State from settling in another, and bunging his slave
property with him, and most especially declaring it for-
feited, are direct violations of the original intention of a
Government wlneh, as before stated, is the protection of
person and propel ty, and of Hie Constitution of the United
Stales, which recognizes property m slaves, and declares
that' the citizens of each Slate shall he entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in tile several Stares,'
among the most essential of which is the protection ol per-
son and pioperty."
This extract is from a long article in the Union.
It was evidenity prepared with care; and the well-
known fact that the editor was selected by the
President, and is dependent upon him; that the
paper habitually reflects the views and policy of
the Administration; renders it next to certain that
the article in question had the official sanction.
Here, then, we have the deliberate avowal of the
doctrine that the Federal Constitution carries sla-
very into ail the free States.
Sir, the historical fact is undisputed, I believe,
that the President was reared in the faith of the
old Federal party; but I defy the friends of that
high functionary to produce from the writings of
the most ultra Federalist of the old school, from
Hamilton down, o maxim so abhorrent to the
friends of freedom and State rights, as is this semi-
official pronunciamientn. Itleavesnota shadow of
sovereignty to the States; it sweeps away every
particle of their reserved rights, and transforms
this Federal Union into a consolidated despotism.
This, then, is modem Democracy! Jefferson
founded the old Democratic party on the basis of
universal freedom and State rights. Mr. Buch-
anan, claiming to be his successor as the head of
the same party, declares its basis to be slavery
and consolidation. History cannot furnish a
stronger contrast between the principles of two
parties than that which 1 have shown to exist be-
tween those represented respectively by Thomas
Jefferson and James Buchanan.
In this connection I propose to call the attention
of the committee to one of the most remarkable
instances of political foresight which has ever
eome under my observation. In fact, I regard it
as a prophecy literally fulfilled, after the lapse of
more than the third of a century. The long con-
tinued ill-success of the old Federal party, the bril-
liant termination of the war with England, and
the triumphant election of Mr. Monroe, caused a
general stampede of the mercenary and spoil-seek-
itig portion of it, who, like rats, deserted the sink-
ing ship. They went over in droves into the ranks
of the all-powerful Democratic or Republican party
of that day. Mr. Jefferson expressed his appre-
hensions of the consequences of this accession
from the ranks of the enemy in the following re-
markable passage, which I find in a letter to the
Hon. William T. Barry of Kentucky, dated Mon-
ticello, July 2, 1822:
• ■ Sir; Your favor of the 15th of June is received, and I am
very thankful for the kindness of its expressions respecting
myself. But it ascribes to me merits which I do not claim.
X was one only of a band devoted to the cause of independ-
ence, all of whom exerted equally their best endeavors tor
its success, and have a common right to the merits of its
acquisition. So, also, is the civil revolution of 1801. very
many and very meritorious were the worthy patriots who
assisted in bringing back our Government to its republican
track. To preset ve it in that, will require unremitting vigil-
ance. Whether the surrender of our opponents, their re-
ception into our camp, their assumption of our name, and
apparent accession to our objects, may strengthen or weaken
the genuine principles of republicanism, may be a good or
an evil, is yet to be seen. I consider the party division of
Whig and Toiv the most wholesome which can exist in any
Government, and vveii worthy of being nourished to keep
out those of a more dangeious character. We already see
the power, [the Supreme Court,] installed for life, respons-
ible to no authority, (for impeachment is not even a scare-
crow,) advancing with a noiseless and steady pace to the
great objcct of consolidation. The foundations are already
deeply laid by their decisions, for the annihilation of con-
stitutional State rights, and the remova! of every check,
every counterpoise, to the Ingulfing power of which them-
selves are to make a sovereign part.''
The Supreme Court being the lever used for the
overthrow of the constitutional rights of the States,
I will read a few more brief extracts from Mr.
Jefferson's correspondence touching this subject.
In a letter to Thomas Ritchie, dated Monticello,
December 25, 1820, he says:
" Tile judiciary of the United States is the subtile corps
of sappers and miners constantly working under ground
to undermine tile foundations of our eontedcrated fabric.
They are construing our Constitution from a coordination
of a general and special Government to a general and su-
preme one alone."
In a letter to Archibald Thweat, dated Monti-
cello, January 19, 1821, he says:
" The legislative and executive branches may sometimes
err, but elections and dependence wili brine them to rights.
The judiciary branch is themstrument wincli, working like
gravity, without intermission, is to press us at last into one
consolidated mass."
And in a letter to Judge Johnson, dated Monti-
cello, March 4,1823, he says:
" I cannot lay down niv pen without recurring to one of
the subjects of my former letter, for, in truth, there i- no
danger I apprehend «o much as the consolidation of oui
Government bvthe noiseless, and therefore unalarmmg. in-
strumentality of the Supreme Court. This is the form m
winch Federalism now arrays itself, and consolidation is
the present principle of distinction between Republicans
and pseudo-Republicans, but real Federalists."
Thirty-five years after the date of the letter to
Mr. Barry, we see one of the " opponents" whose
" apparent accession" to the ranks of Democracy
the sage of Monticello dreaded, installed in the
presidential office; and his first official act, his
inaugural speech, was a declaration of the para-
mount authority of the Supreme Court, and of its
right to control the coordinate branches of the
Government!
It is the characteristic of prophecy, Mr. Chair-
man, that while it foreshadows events, nnd the
characters of the great actors who are to figuie in
those events, there is a studied suppression of
names, and of specific dates. It is left to pos-
terity to fill up the picture of which the seer gives
us a'dtm, and sometimes uncertain, outline. But
in the case before us there can be no such uncer-
tainty. The wayfaring man, though a fool, can-
not fail to read, in the events of the last year, a
liteial and most exact fulfillment of the Monti-
cello prophet's gloomy vaticinations. The Dem-
ocratic party has been utterly debauched and
estranged from the creed of its founder. Slavery
is its corner-stone and key-stone. Its only essen-
tial policy and principle are slavery and slavery
extension; and woe betide the man, be he great
or small, who falters on this essential point. A
Democrat may differ with his party upon anything
else, or upon all else, provided he is sound on the
slavery question. I, myself, was read out of the
party some nine or ten years ago, because I pro-
tested against, and refused to support, the author
of the famous Nicholson letter for the Presidency.
I have never regretted the course I then felt
called upon to pursue; because I regard that letter
as the very source of the whole brood of heresies
and humbugs which have since appeared and have
proved the ruin of the Democratic party. But mine
was a comparatively grave offense. I insisted on
the Wilmot proviso, just as Cass and Dickinson
had done the year before. Now that we see daily
those who have been Samsons in the field and
Solomons in the council falling around us, not
for sustaining the Wilmot proviso, not for refus-
ing to vote for the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, but simply because they are not ready to
sacrifice every dictate of honor and conscience
which stands in the way of the extension of sla-
very—in the midst of such scenes, I have every
reason to be thankful that expulsion from the
party was tke extent of my punishment at that
day.
Would you have illustrations on these points-
Then look around you. Here you have the Presi-
dent himself, who differs with his party, or with
the avowed principles of the party, npon the im-
portant question of a protective tariff. He has
always been a protectionist, an(| .voted for tlie
tariff of 1842. The" people, or rather the politi-
cians, of South Carolina were^at one time ready
to dissolve the Union, rather than submit to his
protective policy, of which the President and his
Pennsylvania friends have always been the-warm
and interested advocates. But he is now.'.' sound
on the goose," and that great merit atones for a
multitude of sins.
Take the national bank question, an# the sarnie
indifference is apparent. In General Jackson's
time it was the touchstone. No friend of that
famous institution could claim fellowship with the
Democracy in his day. But ho w is it now ? Have
we not seen the modern Democrats welcome
scores of old-line national bank Whigs to their
ranks without asking questions ? Have we not
seen these new recruits, unwashed and unsancti-
fied, taken up, and petted and patronized, to the
neglect of the old-line Democrats?
Take the internal-improvement question. It has
from the earliest times been the settled poliey ef
the Democratic party to oppose internal improve-
ment by the Federal Government. But what do
we see to-day? The Democratic President recom-
mends the construction of a railroad to the Pacific,;
a distinguished Democratic Senator from Mis-
sissippi is the advocate of the same policy; and
a Democratic Senator from California has intro-
duced a bi'l into the Senate for the construction
of three such roads to the Pacific!
Democrats profess to be in favor of a hard-money
currency,anddenounce bank rags;yetevery State
in the Union where they have the control, isover-
run with irredeemable bank rags and shinplasters.
I believe there is not an exception to this remark.
We have heard much lately of reading men out
of the Democratic party. But for what? Fdr un-
soundness on the bank or the internal-improve-
ment question? For recreancy to free trade? Not
at all. So far from this being the case, we have
seen within a few days past an old Federal pro-
tective tariff. Democratic President, who voted
for the tariff of 1842, read out of the parly the
author of the free-trade tariff of 1846 ! And for
what? Not for my high offense of sustaining the
Wilmot proviso; not even for sustaining the Mis-
souri compromise, or refusing to sustain the Ne-
braska bill. Upon all these points he was sound;
but he could not, as a man of honor, consent to
be the instrument of forcing a constitution upon
the people of Kansas by fraud and violence. We
have seen the pensioned organs and special friends
of this same President attempt to read a distin-
guished Senator—a life-long Democrat—out of
the party, simply because he insists upon a fair
election in Kansas upon the adoption of a State
constitution, and because he has thought proper
to denounce the infamous juggle of the Lecomp-
ton constitution.
Sir, these plain facts are enough to open the eyes
of the northern men to the folly of attempting to
please and conciliate the South by concessions and
compromises on the slavery question. If services
such as the Senator from Illinois and the late Gov-
ernor of Kansas have performed, cannot shield
them from the ungrateful reproaches and denun-
ciations of the friends of the peculiar institution,
it is useless for ordinary politicians to expect any
mercy if they should ever venture to stand erect
in the presence of a slaveholder. They may as
well make up their minds to grope and grovel oil
their bellies the balance of their days.
I think 1 have said enough to make it clear that
slavery is the all-essential element of what now
passes for Democracy. Talk of fanaticism! Was
there ever grosser fanaticism than that which is
exhibited by the party which worships this black
idol of slavery? Was there ever a monomania
more fatal than that which induces northern Dem-
ocrats to insist upon reducing our own free im-
migrants to the Territories to the level of the negro
slaves of the South ? We of the North oppose
slavery on every ground. First and foremost,
because it is wrong. It violates the inalienable
rights of man, turns him into a brute and a chattel,
and deprives him of education and opportunity
to improve the talents, mental and moral, which
his Maker has given him. It goes further. It pro-
hibits and punishes every effort at mental im-
provement; and we should be recreant to human-
ity, to freedom, and to the highest interested! we
