APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
the country I am sorry to be obliged to recom-
mend such a measure ; but I feel confident of the
support of Congress, cost what it may, in sup-
pressing the insurrection, and in restoring and
maintaining the sovereignty of the Constitution
and laws over the Territory of Utah.
I recommend to Congress the establishment of
a territorial government over Arizona, incorpo-
rating with it such portions of New Mexico as
they may deem expedient. I need scarcely
adduce arguments in support of this recommenda-
tion. We are bound to protect the lives and the
property of our citizens inhabiting Arizona, and
these are now without any efficient protection.
Their present number is already considerable,
and is rapidly increasing, notwithstanding the
disadvantages under which they labor. Besides,
the proposed Territory is believed to be rich in
mineral and agricultural resources, especially in
silver and copper. The mails of the United
States to California are now carried over it
throughout its whole extent, and this route is
known to be the nearest, and believed to be the
best to the Pacific.
Long experience has deeply convinced me that
a strict construction of the powers granted to Con-
gress is the only true, as well as the only safe,
theory of the Constitution. Whilst this princi-
ple shall guide my public conduct, I consider it
clear that under the war-making power, Congress
may apppropriate money for the construction of
a military road through the Territories of the
United States, when this is absolutely necessary
for the defense ofanyofthe States against foreign
invasion. The Constitution has conferred upon
Congress power " to declare war," " to raise and
support armies," "to provide and maintain a
navy," and " to call forth the militia to repel in-
vasions." These high sovereign powers noces-
sardy involve important and responsible public
duties, and among them there is none so sacred
and so imperative as that of preserving our soil
from the invasion of a foreign enemy. The Con-
stitution has, therefore, left nothing on this point
to construction, but expressly requires that " the
United Statessha! 1 protect each of them [the States]
against invasion." Now, ifa military road over our
own Territories be indispensably necessary to
enable us to meet and repel the invader, it follows,
asanecessary consequence, not only that we pos-
sess the power, but it is our imperative duty to
construct such a road. It would be an absurdity
to invest a Government with the unlimited power
to make and conduct war, and at the same time
deny to it the only means of reaohmgand defeat-
ing the enemy at the frontier. Without such a
road it is quite evident we cannot " protect" Cal-
ifornia and our Pacific possessions " against in-
vasion." We cannot by any other means trans-
port men and munitions of war from the Atlantic
States ill sufficient time successfully to defend
these remote and distant portions of the Re-
public.
Experience has proved that the routes across
the isthmus of Central America are at best but a
very uncertain and unreliable mode of communi-
cation. But even if this were not the case, they
would at once be closed against us in the event
of war with a naval Power so much stronger than
our own as to enable it to blockade the ports at
either end of these routes. After all, therefore,
we can only rely upon a military road through
our own Territories; and ever since the origin of
the Government Congress has been in the prac-
tice of appropriating money from the public
Treasury for the construction of such roads. j
The difficulties and the expense of constructing j
a military lailroad to connect our Atlantic and j
Pacific States have been greatly exaggeiated.
The distance on the Arizona route, near the thirty- '
second parallel of north latitude, between the
western boundary of Texas oil the Rio Grande,
and the eastern boundary of California on the
Colorado, from the best explorations now within
our knowledge, does not exceed four hundred
and seventy miles, and the face of the country is,
in the mam, favorable. For obvious reasons,
the Government ought not to undertake the work
itself, by means of its own agents. This ought
to be committed to other agencies, which Con-
gress might assist, either by grants of land or
money, or by both, upon such terms and condi-
tions as they may deem most beneficial for the
country. Provision might thus be made not only
for the safe, rapid, and economical transportation
of troops and munitions of war, but also of the
public mails. The commercial interests of the
whole country, both East and West, would be
greatly promoted by such a road; and, above all,
it would be a oowerful additional bond of union.
And although advantages of this kind, whether
postal, commercial, or political, cannot confer
constitutional power, yet they may furnish aux-
iliary arguments in favor of expediting a work
which, in my judgment, is clearly embraced
within the war-making power.
For these reasons 1 commend to the friendly
consideration of Congress the subject of the Pa-
cific railroad, without finally committing myself
to any particular route.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury will
furnish a detailed statement of the condition of
the public finances and of the respective branches
of the public service devolved upon that Depart-
ment of the Government. By this report it ap-
pears that the amount of revenue received from
all sources into the Treasury during the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1857, was sixty-eight mil-
lion six hundred and thirty-one thousand five
hundred and thirteen dollars and sixty-seven
cents, ($68,631,513 67,) which amount, with the
balance of nineteen million nine hundred and one
thousand three hundred and twenty-five dollars
and forty-five cents, ($19,901,335 45,) remaining
in the Treasury at the commencement of the year,
made an aggregate for the service of the year of
eighty-eight million five hundred and thirty-two
thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine dollars
and twelve cents, ($88,532,839 12.)
The public expenditures for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1857, amounted to seventy million
eight hundred and twenty-two thousand seven
hundred and twenty-four dollars and eighty-five
cents, ($70,822,724 85,) of which five million nine
hundred and forty-three thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety-six dollars and ninety-one cents
(§5,943,896 91) were applied to the redemption of
the public debt, including interest and premium,
leaving in the Treasury, at the commencement of
the piesent fiscal year on the 1st of July, 1857,
seventeen million seven hundred and ten thousand
one hundred and fourteen dollars and twenty-
seven cents, ($17,710,114, 27.)
The receipts into the Treasury for the first quar-
ter of the present fiscal year, commencing 1st of
July, 1857, were twenty million nine hundred and
twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and nineteen
dollars and eighty-one cents, ($20,929,819 81,)
and the estimated receipts of the remaining three
quarters to the 30th of June, 1858, are thirty-six
million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
($36,750,000,) making, with the balance before
stated, an aggregate of seventy-five million three
hundred and eighty-nine thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars and eight cents,
($75,389,934 08,) for the service of the present
fiscal year.
The actual expenditures during the first quarter
of the present fiscal year were twenty-three million
seven hundred and fourteen thousand five hundred
and twenty-eight dollars and thirty-seven cents,
($23,714,528 37) of which three million eight
hundred and ninety-five thousand two hundred
and tliirty-two dollars and thirty-nine cents
($3,895,232 39) were applied to the redemption
of the public debt, including interest and pre-
mium. The probable expenditures of the remain-
ing three quarters, to 30th June, 1858, are fifty-
one million two hundred and forty-eight thousand
five hundred and thirty dollars and four cents,
($51,248,530 04,) including interest on the public
debt,making an aggregate ofseventy-four million
nine hundred and sixty-three thousand and fifty-
eight dollars and forty-one cents, ($74,963,058 41,)
leaving an estimated balance in the Treasury at
the close of the present fiscal year of four hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand eight hundred
and seventy*-five dollars and sixty-seven cents,
($426,875 67.)
The amountofthepublic debtat the commence-
ment of the present fiscal year was twenty-nine
million sixty thousand three hundred and eighty-
six dollars and ninety cents, ($29,060,386 90.)
The amount redeemed since the 1st of July
was three million eight hundred and ninety-five
thousand two hundred and thirty-two dollars and
thirty-nine cents, ($3,895,232 39,) leaving a bal-
ance unredeemed at this time of twenty-five mil-
lion one hundred and sixty-five thousand one
hundred and fifty-four dollars and fifty-one cents,
($25,165,154 51.)
The amount of estimated expenditures for the
remaining three quarters of the present fiscal year
will, in all probability, be increased from the
causes set forth in the report of the Secretary.
His suggestion, therefore, that authority should
be given to supply any temporary deficiency by
the issue of a limited amount of Treasury notes,
is approved, and I accordingly recommend the
passage of such a law.
As stated in the report of the Secretary, the
tariff of March 3, 1857, has been in operation for
so shorta period of time, and under circumstances
so unfavorable to a just development of its results
as a revenue measure, that I should regard it as
inexpedient, at least for the present, to undertake
its revision'.
I transmit herewith the reports made to me by
the Secretaries of War aiid of the Navy, of the
Interior and of the Postmaster General. They
all contain valuable and important information,
and suggestions which I commend to the favor-
able consideration of Congress.
I have already recommended the raising of four
additional regiments, and the report of the Sec-
retary of War presents strong reasons proving
this increase of the Army, under existing circum-
stances, to be indispensable.
I would call the special attention of Congress
to the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy in favor of the construction of ten small
warsteamers of light draught. For some years
the Government has been obliged on many oc-
casions to hire such steamers from individuals
to supply its pressing wants. At the present
moment we have no armed vessel in the Navy
which can penetrate the rivers of China. We
have but few which can enter any of the har-
bors south of Norfolk, although many millions
of foreign and domestic commerce annually pass
in and out of these harbors. Some of our most
valuable interests and most vulnerable points aie
thus left exposed. This class of vessels of light
draught, great speed, and heavy guns, would be
formidable in coast defense. The cost of their
construction will not be great, and they will«re-
quire but a comparatively small expenditure to
keep them in commission. In time of peace they
will prove as effective as much larger vessels, and
often more useful. One of them should be at
every station where we maintain a squadron, and
three or four should be constantly employed on
our Atlantic and Pacific coasts. Economy, utility,
and efficiency, combine to recommend them as
almost indispensable. Ten of these small vessels
would be of incalculable advantage to the naval
service, and the whole cost of their construction
would not exceed $2,300,000, or $230,000 each.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior is
worthy of grave consideration. It treats of the
numerous, important, and diversified branches of
domestic administration intrusted to him bylaw.
Among these the most prominent are the public
lands and our relations with the Indians.
Our system for the disposal of the public lands,
originating with the fathers of the Republic, has
been improved as experience pointed the way,
and gradually adapted to the growth and settle-
ment of our western States and Territories. It
has worked well in practice. Already thirteen
States and seven Territories have been carved out
of these lands, and still more than a thousand
millions of acres remain unsold. What a bound-
less prospect this presents to our country of future
prosperity and power!
We have heretofore disposed of 363,862,464
acres of the public land.
Whilst the public lands as a source of revenue
are of great importance, their importance is far
greater as furnishing homes for a hardy and
independent race of honest and industrious citi-
zens, who desire to subdue and cultivate the soil.
They ought to be administered mainly with a
view of promoting this wise and benevolent
policy. In appropriating them for any other
purpose, we ought to use even greater economy
