1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S069
Mr. JjRODERICK. My colleague, $jr, is bet-
ter informed in regard to this matter than I am.
I had no knowledge of it until it was brought to
my notice some three weeks since by a gentle-
man from California, who wrote to me in regard
to it. I reiterate that the property—the whole
ranch of twenty-three thousand acres—would not
sell to-morrow for seven thousand dollars. I think
my colleague is misinformed in regard to the
quantity of land.
Mr. GWIN. The papers say that there are
twenty-three hundred acres.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Secretary read
that part of the papers again. Is it hundreds or
thousands ?
Mr. GWIN. Hundreds.
Mr. BRODERICK. I was informed that it was
twenty-three thousand; but if it is twenty-three
hundred it is much worse than I supposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is stated m these
papers that the amount of the land is not ascer- j
tamed, and can only be osceitnined by a survey, j
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I was informed
by a gentleman, whom I sent from the Senate
Chamber to ascertain the fact, some three weeks 1
since, that the quantity was twenty-tln^e thou-
sand acres. He was the clerk of the Committee
on Military Affairs, Mr. Calian. I asked him if
he was sure, and he said yes; but I believe he
went again, and when he came back he repeated
that the quantity wastwenty-thrcc thousand acres.
Now, sir, this is an enormous fraud. I do not
think it has a parallel in the history of legislation
by Congress. J am very willing that the prop-
erty should be taken by the Government, out I
am not willing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
pause for a moment? The Secretary will read
that part of the letter of the district attorney which
states tiie quantity of the land.
The Secietary read as follows:
" T do 1101 know tlx; number of.icios contained in it. That
can bo only by sauvey."
Mr. BRODEPJCK. I hope, sir, that this sub-
ject will go to the committee, because it is a very
important matter. If appropriations are made for
the purpose of building foi tifications in California,
I hope that the money will not be squandered and
given to a set of speculators. I hope the money
will be used for the erection of a fort if one is re-
quired there. But, sir, to pay §200,000 for twenty-
three hundred or twenty-three thousand acies of
barren land shall never receive my sanction. I
think it an outiage; and if there is any power in
Congiess to prevent it, I hope it will be exerted
Mr. STUART. I behove this reference was
made some time ago by the Senate. If U is dis-
posed of, I wish to present a memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These papers will
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be laid out in farms or lots of limited size, for the
free and exclusive use of actual settlers; winch
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Agricultural Society of the State of Wisconsin,
praying that a donation of land may be made to
the "Stale of Wisconsin, for the establishment and
maintenance of a State agricultural college; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Joseph Vance, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ins to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
0/ Jsml, Thnt William Roddy have leave to withdraw his
peuuon and pupei.-.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN,from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of Caleb
Sun man, submitted a report, accompanied by a
hv\ (3. No. 33d) tor the relief of Caleb Sherman.
Tiif bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the lvpoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary Afnurs and \;i!)fia, to whom was refened
tin" bill No. ±:') r the lobef of Edwaid ln-
g.-rsoll, r. ported h without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Lawrent, sur-
viving partner of the firm of Benjamin and Thomas
Lawrent, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 334) for the relief of Thomas Law-
rent, surviving partner of the firm of Benjamin
and Thomas Lawrent. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were referred
papers in relation to the claim of Abner Merrill,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.No.
335) for the relief of Abner Merrill, of the State
of Maine. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of Edward P. Vallum, reported a bill
(S. No. 33G) for the relief of Assistant Surgeon
Edward P. Valium, of the United Stales Army;
which w.is read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, reported
it with amendments, and gave notice that he
would ask the Senate to-morrowat twelve o'clock
to proceed to the consideration of the bill.
Air. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the message of the
President of the United States in answer to a res- j
olution of the Senate calling for information re- \
lating to the seizure,1*in the valley of Litana, in i
Peru, by the authorities of Chili, of the proceeds i
of the cargo of the brig Macedonia, the property I
of citizens of the United States, have had it under :
consideration, and have instructed me to report i
the papers to the Senate with a recommendation
that they be printed They are voluminous in ;
appearance, for they cover many years; and al-
though the committee thought, at one time, that |
it might be practicable to do justice to the subject, \
and yet separate them and have a portion of them j
only printed, yet on reference to the Secretary of ;
State, he advised, and gave strong and sufficient .
reasons why they should not be mutilated, but ;
the whole should be printed. I ask, therefore, on
the part of the committee, that they be printed.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Does not that go to the
Committee on Printing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir. It is the
report of a standing committee of the Senate; and
therefore does not go to the Committee on Print-
ing necessarily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the motion
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill leceived from the House of Represent-
atives yesterday (H. R. No. 207) to prevent the :
inconvenient accumulation in the Post Office De- i
partment of postmasters' quarterly returns, was :
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com- (
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ;
LAND OFFICES. !
Mr.PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcohc/!, That the Committee on Public Land- bo m-
Pti acted to uhiuiic into the pioprim of abo!);-iijn:i Ujc otlVis
of ic<_fi>t';!\uid tec fiver oi" public land-tn tho-c Hi.'to \\ iioio
all the public land? have heon sold, ami ptovidinjr foi the
custody oi all tin-* public land pnper< i■> ^neh cn-e-; also,
into tin- oxpedienev ot dnniiiiNhinsj the number ol land oi-
ficcs in other State* and 'i emtoru a.
PRIVATE PROPERTY FOR PUBLIC USE.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the followine res-
olution; winch was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rc*olreJ, That the Committee on the Jiul.cimy he ni-
stiuefed to inquue into, and lepott on, tin'expediency of
providing b\ law Im the r.v.-tciM; <>t the powei wanted by
the Con-i.iunon, of taking puvate pioptity lui public u^c.
on ahouiiu in-t eoinpcn-ation theicoi ; an.l that the -aid
: comimuee'be jiMiueted to lepoit bv bill or otlaiwu-e.
! BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and bv unanimous con-
i sent obtained, leave to liUioduce a bill (S. No 333)
| to establish an additional land district in the State
I of Minnesota; v/lncU was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 337)
to amend the acts in relation to the Post Office De-
partment; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,
339) granting a pension to Joseph Yance; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the following
bills; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (No. 170) for extending the land laws
east of the Cascade Mountains, in Oregon and
Washington Territories.
A bill (No. 564) to create a land district in the
Territory of New Mexico.
A bill to confirm land claims to certain towns
in the Territory of New Mexico.
Also, that the House had passed the bill (S.
No. 8;2) to amend an act entitled " An act to au-
thorize the President of the United States to cause
to be surveyed the tract of land in the Territory of
Minnesota belongmgto the half-breeds, or mixed-
bloods, of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes," approved July 17,1854,
with an amendment.
st. mary's river.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to call up tiie joint
resolution S. No. 31, and ask that it be acted upon
immediately.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
resolution (S. No. 31) authorizing the Secretary
of War to expend the appropriation made July
3, 1S5G, upon such channel of the St. Mary's
river as he may select.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the, third time, and passed.
NIGHT SIGNALS ON SAILING VESSELS.
Mr. STUART. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up and act upon a bill of great in-
terest and importance to business on the lakes, in
regard to ni^ht signals on vessels. There will be
no discussion upon the subject, I presume. The
bill was very carcfully prepared by the Commit-
tee on Commerce. It is the bill S. No. 84.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 84) to provide for the better
regulation of night signals on board of sail vessels
navigating the northwestern lakes and their trib-
utaries, and for other purposes.
Mr. STUART. Unless some Senator desires
the full reading of the bill, I think it is not neces-
sary. It is simply a bill making regulations for
cairymg, and the positions of night signals. It
is unnecessary to read it at length. I have some
formal amendments which I desire to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thcie be no ob-
jection tiie reading will be dispensed with.
Mr. STUART. In lines eight and nine, I pro-
pose to strike out the words, the first day ©f
Apnl, anno Domini 1S5S," and insert, ''the
passage of this act." This relates to the time at
which the act shall go into operation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. In line fifteen, of section two,
between the words,wind " nnd<4 large," I move
to insert the word, " or." That is a mere verbal
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Between the words" large"
and ''of anchor," in the same line, I move to in-
sert the words, "a white light when."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. At the end of the sixteenth
line, after the words, " white light," I move to
insert the woids, " in the tore ngging."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will cdII the attention of
the Senator to the fifteenth and sixteenth lines. I
ask the Secretary to read these two lines now as
amended, I do not exactly understand them.
