1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
on the two days of the election; much the smaller number,
not exceeding thirty or forty, being present on ike last day,
whentnore than fifteen hundred votes are represented as hav-
ing been given. The people of Oxford, as well as those of
the neighboring village of Santa F<£, were astounded at the
magnitude of the r&uihis; arid all persons, of all parties, in
both places, treated the whole affoir with derision or indig-
nation. not having heard the alleged result until several
days after it had occurred.
<• In the course of our journey to and from Oxford, we
passed over much the larger part of the county of Johnson,
and we became satisfied that there is no population in the
whole county from which more than one third the vote of
that single precinct could have been given. We learn that
some veiy few persons, having cabins on the reserve m
Johnson county, and claiming a residence therein, though
generally absent, had voted at some of the precincts in that
county; but we are convinced that a very inconsiderable
number, not reaching, we believe, one hundred of Missou-
r ans,or any other persons having no admitted right to vote,
did claim or attempt to exercise that right, anywhere within
that county."
I must remark here that since Governor Walk-
er's proclamation was issued, it has been ascer-
tained by an examination of the names returned
on the poll-books, that they were literally tran-
scribed from an old Cincinnati Directory. It is
even said that the name of the present Republican
Governor of Ohio, \yho at the time the directory
was compiled resided in Cincinnati, is put down
on the list of those who voted for the pro-slavery
ticket!
The Governor threw out these fraudulent re-
turns, because they were not only fraudulent but
illegal, and gave the certificates of election to the
free-State candidates. He pursued the same course
in reference to the enormous returns of McGee
county; which, with a population of from one to
two hundted, returned a thousand or twelve hun-
dred majority for the pro-slavery ticket. Governor
Walker took the stump in behalf of the pro-sla-
very ticket, I repeat, but he was not so depraved
as to lend the sanction of his name to these infa-
mous frauds. And what has been the consequence?
We all know it. He has been hunted and hound-
ed by the propagandists of slavery, and frowned
upon by the Administration, until he has been
constrained to resign. A southern man, a slave-
bolder, going to Kansas as the special representa-
tive Of slavery, he has now been compelled to va-
cate his post, because his sense of honor and duty
would not permit him.to countenance frauds as
barcfaced and infamous as ever felon swung for at
Tyburn.
The virtual sanction which the Administration
has given to these frauds shows a well settled
purpose of making Kansas a slave State at all
hazards. If open force will not answer the pur-
pose then trickery must be resorted to.
But it failed in securing a majority of the Terri-
torial Legislature, and the disappointed conspira-
tors were determined to profit by the lesson of
experience. Theyresolved to secure apro-slaveiy
constitution by the same system of manufacturing
votes, which, but for the honorable conduct of
Governor Walker, would have given them the
controlof the Legislature. To accomplish this end
they resorted to two cunning expedients. Whether
they were concocted in Washington, as has been
surmised, or are indigenous to the soil of Lecomp-
ton, I will not undertake to say; but it would be
difficult to conceive of devices better suited to the
emergency.
The first of these tricks is the show of com-
pliance with the doctrine of popular sovereignty,
by pretending to submit the slaveiy clause to the
popular vote.
It is well known that Judge Douglas, the author
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, insisted, while ad-
vocating its passage, that slavery, like ail other
matters, should be under the control of the peo-
ple of the Territory. This was all he claimed in
regard to it. He " rang the changes" upon this
pomt in every imaginable way, insisting, while
the people were allowed to legislate and make con-
stitutions affecting all the other relations of life,
of parent and child, of guardian and ward, of land-
lord and tenant, of master and servant or appren-
tice, that they should have the same right to legis-
late m regard to negroes. But the Lecompton
convention, in flagrant disregard of this loudly i
proclaimed doctrine of popular sovereignty, have i
submitted only one clause of their constitution to ,
the popular ratification; and, as I shall presently [
show, even that is only seemingly submitted. ]
Their schedule provided that the people should ;
he called upon to vote, on the 21st of December ;
last, for thy constitution with slavery, or for the
constitution without slavery. Those who chose
to avail themselves of the privilege of voting were
therefore compelled to vote for the constitution or
not vote at all. That constitution contains sev-
eral clauses which are highly objectionable to a
large number of the people of Kansas—to a ma-
jority, indeed; but, whether it does or not, the
convention and Congress have no right to force it
upon the people without theirconsent. If it were
the best constitution that the wit of man could de-
vise, it would be an outrage to impose it i*pon an
unwilling people.
But, in point of fact, the existence or non-ex-
istence of slavery was not submitted at all, for it
is provided in another separate clause, that under
no circumstances shall the relation of master and
slave be disturbed, whatever be the result of the
election upon the slavery clause. The perpetual
existence of slavery is secured; and the sham of
voting only amounts to this: that the constitution
tvitfiout slavery is to be understood as prohibiting
the introduction of more slaves. I will proceed
to show, from southern authorities, that this is
the case, and that some go so far as to declare-that
the constitution without slavery is a better pro-
slavery instrument than the constitution with
slavery. A correspondent of the Jackson Mis-
sissippian, writing from Lecompton on the 27th
November last, says:
" Thus you see that whilst, by submitting the question in
this form, they ate bound to have a ratification of the one or
the other, and that wbil-t it seems to be an election between
a free-State and pro-slavery constitution, it is in fact but a
question of the future introduction of slavery that ism con-
troversy ; and yet it furnishes our friends in Congress a basis
on winch to rest then vindication of th<* admission of Kan-
sas a^ a State under itmto the Union : while they would not
have it, sent diiectly from the convention.
u It i?! the very best proposition lor making Kansas a slave
State that was submitted for the consideration of the con-
vention. In addition to what J have stated, it embiaees a
provision continuing in force all existing laws of the Terri-
tory until repealed by the Legislature of the Stare to be
elected undei the provisions of this constitution."
The Charleston Mercury entertains similar
opinions, as will be seen by the following:
" We are equally satisfied with the action of the conven-
tion. We differ, too, with the Piesident as to what is sub-
mitted to the vote of the people. We do not think that the ,
question of slavery or no slavery b submitted to the vote of
the people. Whether the clause in the constitution is voted
out or voted in, slavery exists and ins a guarantee in the con-
stitution that it shall not be mterfeied with ; whilst, if the
slavery paity in Kansas can keep or get the majority of the !
Leai^latuie, they may open wide the doorfortho immigra-
tion of slaves. But this, also, is-a small matter of difference
with the President."
The second expedient to which I have adverted,
by which the Lecompton conspiratots hoped to
triumph over the people, is the submission of the
returns of election, not to the Governor of the
Territory, as heretofore, but to the president of
the convention, Calhoun. It was reasonably con-
cluded that he would readily sanction any return
of votes that might be brought up from Johnson
and McGee counties; and accordingly we learn
that, on the 21st of December, Johnson actually
gave nearly two thousand majority to the pro-
slavery clause! No doubt that McGee has done
equally as well.
It is amazing to witness the coolness with which
the friends of the Administration insist that Con-
gress is bound to admit Kansas into the Union
under this infamously fraudulent constitution,
which was conceivcd in sin and hatched in in-
iquity. The convention itself, even if the election
of the delegates had been fair, had no authority
to force a constitution upon the people, for the
reason that the Territorial Legislature had no au-
thority to call it into existence. At the best, it is
merely a voluntary affair; and although it mijjht
be admitted that us assemblage was legal, it had
no legal authority/. Any popular convention
which abstains from breaking the peace, is legal.
The late free-State conventional Lawrence were
legal; but, like the Lecompton convention, they
had no authority to impose a constitution upon
the people. Either might propose a constitution,
but neither possessed the right to establish one.
I proceed to illustrate this point on the authority
of General Jackson's Administration, in the case
of Arkansas, backed by that of James Buchanan
himself in the case of Michigan. The cases were
parallel, and the testimonies of these authorities
are explicit and to the point. General Jackson
referred the Arkansas case to the secretary of
State, and the latter u«ked thv ad\av of tin. At-
torney General, Mr. Fl'ttNr. 1 h"- "av. •• r. fol-
lows, wiaich determined the policy of the;Presi-
dent in the premises:-. ,
" Consequently, it is hot tn.the ppwer^f the General As-
sembly of Arkansas to pass any law for the# pmposeof
electing members to form a.constitution and State govern-
ment. or to do.any other act, directly or indiredtfy, t& breath
such new government Eveary such law-, even though it
were approved by the govern ment^of tfteTemtbr^wtmld
be null and void. If passed by themnotwithstanding his
veto, by a vote of two thirds of each BranCh/it would -still
be equally void. - ' " *
" If I am right in the foregoing opinion, it vviii then fol-
low that the course of the Governor, m declining to call
together the Territorial Legislature foi the purpose In ques-
tion, was such as his legal duties required; "and thattbe
views he has expressed in his public address, arid also "iii-
his official communication to yourself, so far aa they indi-
cate an intention not to sanction or concur in any legislative
or other proceedings towards the formation of a State gov-
ernment until Congress shall have authorized it, are also
correct.
" No law has yet been passerby Congress which either
expressly or impliedly gives to the people of Arkansas the
authority to form a State government.
" For the reasons above stated, 1 am, therefore, of opin-
ion that the inhabitants of that Territory have -not at pres-
ent, and that they cannot acquire otherwise than by an act
of Congress, the right to foim such a government."
The testimony of Mr. Buchanan in the case of
Michigan is equally explicit. He advocates the
policy of recognizing what the people had done
voluntarily, without an enabling act; but he dis-
tinctly denied the authority of the territorial Le-
gislature to call a convention. He said:
" We ought not to apply the rigid rules of abstract polit-
ical science too rigorously in such cases. It has been our
practice heretofore to treat our infant Territories with pa-
rental care, to nurse them with kindness, and when they
had attained the age of manhood, to admit them into tho
family without requiring from them a rigid adherence to
forms. Thq great questions to be decided are: do they
contain a sufficient population.? Have they adopted a re-
publican constitution ? And are they waiting to enter the
Union upon the terms which we propose? If so, all $ie
preliminary proceedings have been considered but mere
forms, which we have waived in repeated instances. They
are but the scaffolding of the building, which is of no far-
ther use after the etiifice is complete. We have pursued
this course in regard to Tennessee, to Arkansas, and even
to Michigan. No Senator wi 11 pretend that their Territorial
Legislatures had any right whatever to pass laws enabling
the people to elect delegates to a convention far the purpose
of forming a Slate constitution. It was an act of usurpation
on their part."
This, one would suppose, should be conclusive
with those who profess a profound reverence for
whatever emanates from the White House; .but
I am sorry to say that ihe President's bosom
friend in the other wing of the Capitol has al-
ready impaired the value of the authority by plead-
ing the statute of limitations in his behalf.
The more recent facts in the history of the Kan-
sas question are too fresh m the recollection of the
committee to need repetition by me. We all know
that Calhoun, the president of the convention* in-
vited acting Governor Denver, together with the
presiding; officers of the two branches of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, to join him in counting the
, , votes. The latter have, made an official and au-
[\ thontative statement of the result; which we have
ii all read. According to that statement the free-
|! State party carried everything on the 4th of Jan-
;j uary, electing State officers, a majority of the
!{ Legislature,and the Representative to Congress.
;j Thev, at the same time and places, under the
•! authority of the existing Territorial Legislature,
jj held a separate election, in order to test the sense
of the people in regard to the constitution, and the
acting Governor has certified that more than ten
thousand votes were cast against its adoption.
M The pro-slavery party, conscious of its weakness
id a fair election, with henest men to count and
'! receive the votes, refrained entirely from voting
r But Calhoun was not to be thwarted. He al-
'! leged so me informality in making the returns from
one of the counties or precincts, and at the same
:i time piodueed returns from a place called Dela-
ware Crossing, which entirely changed the result
and gave a-majority to the pro-slavery party.
The&u last returns have since been proven to be
entirely fraudulent. Out of forty-nine votes art-
■ ually cas?,th^ unscrupulous tools of the party m
' power manufactured three hundred and forty-
nine: and then, lest the fraud should be detected
: and exposed, hid the reiums in a ivood pile!
; Such, Air. Chairman, is a brief outline of the
: history of this Lecompton constitution. I have
| no room for the details; but I will venture to assert
il that a free people were never defrauded,of their
rights by expedients more base and shameless.
1 Xlsstoiy'is filled with records of crime and
i*overnim ni; but the atrocities of tyrants, m vested
