2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
The Secretary read the lines, as amended, as
follows:
" When sailing before the wind or large, a white light;
when dt anchor, or in tow, a white light in the fore rig-
ging."
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears to me to be con-
fused. I do not understand it.
' Mr. STUART. I am not much of a nautical
man myself, but this has been explained to me by
a gentleman who is. As the bill was reported it
read: " When sailing ' before the wind,'' large,'
' at anchor,' or ' in tow,' a white light." Now it
reads: "When sailing before the wind or large
a white light when at anchor, or in tow a white j
light in the fore rigging." \
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose the meaning is
this: " When sailing before the wind or large a
white light."
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. " When at anchor or in
tow a white light in the fore rigging."
Mr. STUART. That is it. That is the way
it does read now, only the punctuation needs
changing. The word " when" in the fifteenth
line before the word " at" is the commencement
of a sentence—" When at anchor or in tow a
white light in the fore rigging." The language is
right, only there should be d period at the end of
the fifteenth line as it now stands after the words
" white light."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection that modification will be made.
Mr. POLK. If I understand the Senator, when
before the wind or at large, the white light may
be at any other place than in the fore rigging.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. These are the only
amendments I have to oft'er.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The attention of
the Chair is called to a small amendment reported
by the committee, which has not been acted upon.
It is in section one, line eleven, to strike out the
words, "ninth district," and insert the words,
" district in which said vessel is enrolled or regis-
teied."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will move, as a further
amendment, to strike out from lintf ninety-six to
one hundred and ten. Those lines contain the
construction of the law relative to collisions. The
rules,aslaid down,are the correct admiralty rules;
but 1 do not think we ought to put a set of ad-
miralty rules into a bill providing for the naviga-
tion of vessels on the northern lakes. I think
they had better be left to the general law.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
The Senator is undoubtedly correct. The law is
propeily stated here governing eases of this char-
acter, but I have no objection to its being stricken
out.
The amendment was agreed to; and therefore
the following was stricken out:
11 Con^h uetion oj the law relative to collisions of vessel
« First. f-oss oi (lamairi-* arising liom a o« Mi -ion of two
vessels without blame hem« imputable to cithci panv. The
misfortune must be borne by tbe paity on whom it happens
to light.
"Second. Loss or damage ausmg fiom collision wlvni
both parties are to blame. The loss may be apportioned be-
tween them.
tk Third. Loss or damage arising from collision wheieit
happens by Me misconduct of the Milleung paity. Tbe ^it-
Joier m snch ca*es hum hear hi* own bnnU-n.
Fourth or damage ariMti" l rom collision where u
is the fault ot' the vessel that ran ' loul of1 the other. In
such cases the injuied party would be entitled to an entue
competition irom the other who • i an In in down." M
Tiio bill was reported to the Setate as amended,
and the amendments were concui red in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Be\yry, his Secretary,
announcing that the President hud unmoved and
signed, on the 11th in&tant, the following acts
and resolutions:
An act for the admission of the State of Min-
nesota into the Union;
An act to enlarge the Detroit and Saginaw land
districts, m Michigan;
An act amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to establish two additional land districts m the
Territory of Minnesota," approved July 8,13.06;
A resolution to extend for a further term the pro-
visions of the joint resolution, approved March
10* 1858, in relation to certain dropped and retired
officers of the Navy;
A resolution authorizing suitable acknowledg-
ments to be made by the President to the British
naval authorities at Jamaicafor the relief extended
to the officers and crew of the United States ship
Susquehanna, disabled by yellow fever;
An act for the relief of the Hungarian settlers
upon certain tracts of land in Iowa, hitherto re-
served-from sale by order of the President, dated
January 22, 1855;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the old custom-house and site in Bath,
Maine, and for other purposes;
An act to amend the act entitled "An act to as-
certain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California/' passed March 3, 1851; and
A resolution to extend the operation of the act
approved January 16, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.'"
SA.N FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
Mr. BttODERlCK. I move to take up from
the table the resolutions of inquiry I introduced on
Monday, in regard to the charges against the San
Francisco postmaster. They are resolutions to
which the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
objected at the time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions:
Whereas, there has been charged to the Government up
to quite recently, the sum of #18.00J p- r annum ior the lent
of the budding occupied as a po>t oihco at San Fianc^co ;
and whciea*, laige muiis of monej Inve ln)en rea!iz"d fiom
the rent of the lohbv oi said post ofiiee, which sum-:. it w
generally reported, amounted tolkune seven thousand dol-
lar per annum ; ami wiieieas, postmaster* aie icquned by
law in unke return, under oath, ot all hy them col-
lected ; and aie piolnbited fiom letaimng, in the aggiegate,
mote than $ UJ0Up^i year, "including •-alaiy,eonum^ion-;,
boxes, and all otin-r fees., peujmmes, and emoluments, or
anv name or character whaisoevei
Resolved, That the Postmaster General beieque?>ted to
mlorrri the Senate whethei any ir-umi, and if , vv hat mi.ii-.
have been returned hy the postm.i^tei ot San Fianei.~,c>). a-
tents teeeived foi the iweot the podt otiice lobby, fiom July
1st, 18.">1, to December 31,1&V7.
Ami wheioas, there was placed on the tiles of the Po^t
Ollice Depaifnent, m April, 1857, specific chaiges, dulv
pwoiii to, of malfeasance in ollice, of neglect of ollscial
duty, and of violations not only of the laus, but also of ttie
regulations ot the I'ost Office Department, on the pail of
the postmaster at San Francisco—which s>aid charges are
substantiated by thesuorn testimony of some thirty or forty
witnesses—a copy ot'the leading fuityics of which testi
mony was also placed on hie nt the saim: tune ; and wheieas,
in Febntaiy last, othei evidence, duly sworn to—chaining
the Sun Fianei-eo po> t master with other act* of malfeasance
in office—was placed upon the tiles of the Po«t Ollice De-
pai fiucnt; and whereas, the law, which is mandatory, say*:
'• The I'oMnmstei General shrill prosecute otlcnses against
the Po^t Olhcc e.-t.ihli^hnietjfThert;loie,
Revolved, That the ro^tmasterGeneial be directed to fur-
ni*«h the Senate with a statement showing t!ie nature of the
chaises pteieired against the postmas-tei ot San Francisco,
ami the --pcciiic * e< tiom of the Jaw which it u alleged he
has violated, and s-howing al-o what action, if any, has
hern taken in jegaid to said charges; and m ( asc no action
has been taken, that the ^ostniastet Geneial infoim the
Senate wh> tlie law has not been complied with, and why
piosecution has not been made.
Mr. IjUOwm nnd Mr. Yttlf.e aro?e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Clnur at this time to call up the special older,
the hour for its consideration having arrived. If
it be the pleasure of (lie Senate, however, to con-
tinue the consideration of these resolutions, it can
be done by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we shall proceed to the
consideration of the unfinished business of yes-
tenlay. 1 presume, from the demonstrations al-
ready made, that these resolutions will not pass
without some debate, and some motion to amend
in some particulars; and if so, I do not know what
time it will take; and hence I trust the Senator svill
not press his motion now. lie ctin bring it up to-
moirow morning.
Mr. BRODERICK. I care very little what dis-
position the Senate makes of these resolutions. I
shoald like the Postmaster General to answer the
resolutions, but if it is the ple.tsuie of the Senate
to dispose of them by keeping them on the table
this session, 1 have no objection to make.
M,-. YULEE. One word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Senator
proceeds, the Chair must, at this time, under the
rule, call up the special order, winch, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to proceed with these reso-
lutions, they must postpone for that purpose.
Mr. YULSE. With the permission of the Sen-
ate, I desue to say, simply for the information of
the-Senator from California, that there is no dis-
position whatever in any quarter to oppose a call
for any information which can be useful to the
Senate; but there are portions of his resolutions
which I shall be obliged to move to strike out. I
have every disposition to facilitate every inquiry
on his part for such information as he may think
useful,butadifferentform to his resolutions would,
I think, be advisable and proper, and I shall be
obliged to suggest that, if his resolutions be now-
pressed, I think it very probable we can reform
them.
Mr. BRODERICK. If the resolutions can be
considered to-morrow morning, I have no objec-
tion to let them go over at this time, and not inter-
fere with the regular business.
The resolutions were accordingly postponed.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order this morning, is the joint resolution for the
presentation of a medal to Commodore Hiram
Paulding:./
Mr. FOOT. Let that be suspended for the pres-
ent.
^ FISHING BOUNTIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the pleasure
of the Senate, the Chair will call up the next special
order, which is the bill (S. No. 10) repealing all
laws, or parts of laws, allowing bounttes to ves-
sels employed in the bank or other cod fisheries,
which is now before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole; the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] to strike out " 1859," and insert
  1SG5."
Mr. SIMMONS. Yesterday, when this bill
was laid aside, I desired to say a word, as I per-
ceived that in the printed report of the remarks I
made the day before there was some mistake. I
stated in a few words what the effect would have
been of an outlay of thirty-five dollars in 1812 if
the money had been invested in four months*
paper at two and a half per cent, a month, the
ruling rate; and that some time in the year 1861
it would amount to $330,000,000, which, at thirty
per cent., would yield an annual sum equal to the
interest of the national debt of England, which,
the last time I read the accounts of the English
exchequer, was about twenty-two million pounds
sterling, perannum—-say one hundred million dol-
lars. I see by the report of the speech, that where
I said that was as much as the English nation
could pay with a population of two hundred mil-
lion, it was lepoited as two hundied million dol-
lars. I want that to be corrected, because, as I
understand it, the English flag is the acknowl-
edged banner of about two hundred million peo-
ple; and I stated that if they had that interest to
pay to any other than their own citizens it would
bankrupt them. This was said in reference to
what the Senator from Alabama stated as to the
fishing business yielding a profit of about thirty
per cent, per annum.
While I am up, I want to have read from the
Secretary's table a quotation from the speech of
the Senator from Alabama that I adverted to in
my remarks, and in which he said I was mistaken
aboutthe bounties paid by the English and French
Governments I want to correct that too.
The Secretary read the following extract from
Mr. Clay's speech, delivered on the 4th instant:
"Mr. President, according, to the experience of England,
of France, and of Holland, such bounties are wholly me t-
pcdient. They have endeavoied, hy a system of houniies,
to btnld npthen hemngand whaie ti%henes,atid they have
signally faded. Cut I need not go abioad to piove (he in-
expediency of these bounties. Let any Senator compaie
the increase of the whale and heir'ngfUheiies with tbccod
liberies, and he will >av at once tnat the-e bounties have
not redounded to the advantage of the cod fisheries. Onr
whale fi>heimen, without any bounty whatever tiom the
Government, though competing with the fishermen of th-i
greatest eommeictal countne< of Em ope—though com-
peting with the fishermen of England, of Holland, and of
Fiance, who were paid laiye pieanums and iaige bounties
on this interest, have ou^tupped them all. A few fi-hmg
towns in New England, without bounty, without Govern-
ment patronage or aid, have more tonnage and f-eamen in
the whale fi=heiy than England, with all the bounties and
premiums and lemiifcionh of duties extended to her whaie
fishermen through a series of yeais.''
Mr. SIMMONS. Having read that paragraph
in the Senator's speech, I undertook to illustrate
that the bounties to the cod fishermen, as the
nursery of these seamen, had resulted thus bene-
ficially against a competition where bounties pre-
