1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
with the supreme power, are what the world has
been accustomed to look for. When the people
are not recognized as the rightful source of power,
it would he unreasonable to expect a uniform ad-
herence to the rules of equity; but, in the history
of well-established constitutional Governments,
such as England, for the last hundred and sixty-
years, or the United States up to the period of the
last Administration, no parallel can be found to
the criminal misgovernment of Kansas..
The President of the United States, in his late
message, has assumed the responsibility for this
fraud; he has shouldered this load of infamy, and
it will stick to him to his grave. He has taken it
upon himself willingly, knowingly, and guiltily,
against the earnest remonstrances of those who
were mainly instrumental in his election, and he
cannot now, if he would, lay it down. It has
broken down his Administration in the first year
of its existence; it has destroyed his good name,
and blasted his last faint hope of a continuance
of power.
Mr. Chairman, we often hear Fourth of July
orators use the steam-engine and the railroad cars
as the types and symbols of American progress;
and it must be admitted that the symbols hold as
good for our progress in political corruption and
decay as in material or intellectual advancement.
Greece maintained her liberties some five or six
hundred years; Rome some seven hundred, before
demagogues, turned tyrants, learned to govern
the Empire with despotic sway, under the forms
of republicanism. Our modern demagogues have
excelled the ancient as much as the appliances of
modern travel surpass those of the Augustan
age. In the first century of the American Re-
public, i« spite of our boasted general education,
our freedom of the press and of speech, our holy
Christian religion and high civilization, they have
learned to play the despot—I might almost say
the Nero—under the forms of constitutional gov-
ernment. Had we a large standing army, such
as was maintained by Rome in the days of her
corruption and decline, there can be no doubt that,
like her, we should be subjected to the ignomin-
ious yoke of a despot chosen by our Prfetorian
bands, and in the same manner, by public sale at
auction. But, thankGod, we have no such army
of mercenaries; and it is to be hoped we never
shall have. There can be no doubt that we have
demagogues bold enough, cunning enough, and
base enough to pervert the whole machinery of
our republican system, and to establish the same
despotic rule in the States which they have kept
up in Kansas for the last three or four years.
But, sir, I must draw my remarks to a close.
I have already occupied the time of the commit-
tee longer than I desired; but I have found it im-
possible to compress into a shorter space the many
things which 1 felt it incumbent on me to say upon
this fruitful topic. I regard the struggle for lib-
erty in Kansas as a momentous one; but the final
result I cannot permit myself to doubt. Truth
and right, though crushed to the earth a thousand
times, will rise again; and they must and will
prevail.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
in the remarks I propose to offer in favor of the
admission of Kansas into the Union under the
Lecompton constitution, I hope to confine myself
closely to that question. I do not desire to follow
the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gar-
trf.ll] in las justification of slavery; northehon-
oiable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] in
his bitter denunciations of that institution; nor the
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr. Buu-
Boutiiis] in his remat k>s upon the condition of the
working classes North and South. These ques-
tions are not necessarily involved in the issue now
before the country. All parties and all classes
have their difficulties to overcome, their social and
political diseases to heal; and he who does most to
sooth and relieve the unfortunate, without regard
to class or locality, will best merit the rewards
dim to the philanthropist. But, sir, in all meas-
uies of lelief, the general good must be considered,
and this involves the investigation of other rights
besides those belonging peculiaily to one class, or
one color, or one locality. Our Government was
organized to secure the greatest good to the great-
est number; not for special legislation. By aref-
erence to the debates in the convention thatformed
our Federal Constitution, this will clearly appear;
and it will also appear, that the great statesmen of
that day were sufficiently liberal and national to
consider the rights and interests of our common
country as of greater importance than any geo-
graphical or local feeling. It appears to me that
the same spirit would now enable us to settle all
questions of difference between the North and the
South permanently, and to the entire satisfaction
of the country in a short time.
In this spirit I desire to address the House; and
in the consideration of this question, I trust that
I may be able to rise above all sectional feeling
and all local prejudice; that while represertting
the people of my district, I may not the less act
as a member of the Congress of the confederated
States. If these feelings prevail, it appears to me
that we cannot fail to settle our present difficul-
ties upon a just and proper basis; but if the reverse
exist, all reasoning will prove fruitless, and all
labor unavailing.
It is a part of the policy of our Government to
create territorial governments when required to
protect the infant settlements in the West and
Southwest; and also, when these Territories ac-
quire a sufficient population, to admit them as
States into this Union; thus giving them all the
rights and privileges of the oldest and largest
States in the Confederation. In order to under-
stand what these privileges and rights are, it is
necessary to inquire into the compact between the
States. By the Constitution all are equal in the
Union. The sovereign character of each State is
equally represented in the Senate, while the peo-
ple or citizens of each are represented in this, the
popular branch of Congress. In the one instance,
the State, the delegated sovereignty of the people,
is represented, and in the other, the people them-
selves; but in both, their rights are mutual and
their obligations the same. This happy adjust-
ment was not effected without labor and many
patriotic concessions on the part of the great and
good men appointed by the different States for
that purpose.
One of the chief difficulties met in the formation
" of a more perfect union," when it was found
that the Articles of Confederation were imperfect,
arose out of the disposition of the Crown lands,
as the public domain was then denominated. The
States within whose limits these lands were lo-
cated, claimed them; while the others contended
that they had been wrested from the dethroned
authority by the equal and common exertions of
all; and therefore, that all of the States were
equally interested in them. "The lands being
of vast extent and of growing value," Madison
writes, " were the occasion of much discussion
and heart-burning, and proved the most obstinate
of the impediments to an earlier consummation
of the plan of a Federal Government."
This difficulty was finally disposed of by the
action of the State of Virginia, which, with a
noble prodigality, gave up her vast western do-
main for the good of the infant Republic; while
New York, in the same glorious spirit, in order
to settle another vexed question, authorized the
Federal Government to collect nine tenths of the
national revenue within her ports; and the other
States, North and South, uniting in the same pa-
triotic feelings, gave and accepted all that was
necessary to secure " a more perfect union," and
promote the general good. All this was done in
good faith, and as equals in the great brotherhood
in which all their hopes for the future were in-
volved.
By the magnanimity of New York and Vir-
ginia, the ratification of the Constitution was se-
cured; and by it, the members of the Confedera-
tion took an equal interest in the unoccupied or
public territory of the country—not only in that
I then belonging to us, but to all that we might
; afterwards acquire by the common efforts and the
| common treasury of the States. An equal right
! to the territory in the most comprehensive sig-
i nification of the word; an equal right in its gov-
| ernment, and above all, and more important than
i all else, an equal right to settle upon it, and to
' develop its resources; and, as a necessary conse-
quence, to carry their property, their institutions,
and political feelings with them, whenever and
wherever they might choose to go into said terri-
tory.
This brings us directly to the great question
involved in the admission of Kansas into the
Union, under the Lecompton constitution. It is
not the frauds and acts of violence committed in
that unfortunate Territory alone, which give im-
portance to this question; not these, but the great
constitutional qifestion of equality between the
States in the Union; and the other questions in-
volved in the right of self-government and local
legislation, which, by the special pleading of dis-
honorable, of quibbling, and of desperate politi-
cians, have been reduced to this single issue.
The southern States go back to the original
compact, and claim their rights and privileges as
guarantied by it. They insist, and properly in-
sist, upon a full and unequivocal acknowledgment
of their equality in the Union; while certain States
in the North refuse to keep the conditions of the
fundamental law, repudiate their solemn contract,
and, in open violation of it, seek to defeat its pro-
visions. It is true that they have not attempted
to interfere with the local legislation of the south-
ern States directly; but indirectly they have done
so.
These remarks are not strictly applicable to the
honorable gentlemen around me, who are opposed
to the Lecompton constitution on the grounds of
irregularity and fraud. But gentlemen overlook
the fact that these difficulties have been intention-
ally created by interested parties, for the purpose
of producing just what we now see: an increased
excitement throughout the country, and a division
in the Democratic party, which, up to the present
period, has under all circumstances, and at every
critical period of our political history, proved
itself eminently national.
The history of this Kansas difficulty develops
one fact more distinctly than any other; it stands
out on every page, is recorded in every step of its
unfortunate progress; which is the fact that the
Republicans, inside and outside of Kansas, do not
desire its admission into the Union, at present,
under any constitution, or any state of circum-
stances. Their partisans in the Territory have
always refused to act in a regular and legal man-
ner. Whenever a fair issue has been tendered to
them, they have evaded it by flying off into some
unjustifiable and treasonable conspiracy to defeat
the wishes of the people and the settlement of
this question; not individually, but collectively
and on deliberation, thus clearly showing their
party policy in this matter.
What are the facts in the case? In May, 1854,
Congress passed an act establishing a territorial
government in Kansas. Under this act, a Gov-
ernor, Secretary, and other officers, were ap-
pointed by the President; and a Delegate to Con-
gress and a Territorial Legislature were elected by
the people of the Territory. Fully and fairly the
whole machinery of a territorial government was
established—established by the concurrent action
of the Federal Government and the people of the
Territory. The Legislature thus elected was duly
organized, and had full power, by virtue of the
act creating it, to pass all laws necessary for the
protection of persons and property, and to per-
form all other legislative acts, subordinate to the
Constitution only. In the language of Governor
Walker, in his inaugural address—■
" That convention is now about to be elected by you, un-
der the call of the Territorial Legislature, created and still
recognized by the authority of Congress, and clothed by it, in
the comprehensive language of the organic law,withfull power
to make such enactment. Tlie Territorial legislature, then,
in 'assembling this convention, were fully sustained by tlte
act of Congress; and the authority of the convention is dis-
tinctly recognized in my instructions from the President of
tbe United States. Those who oppose this course eannot
aver the alleged irregularity of the Territorial Legislature,
whose laws, in town and city elections, in corporate fran-
chises, and on all other subjects but slavery, they acknowl-
edge by their votes and acquiescence."
The Legislature was undoubtedly acknowl-
edged and acquiesced in. It is true that the Re-
publicans charge that the citizens of Missouri
went into the Territory and carried the election
in favor of the pro-slavery party. However this
may have been, it appears that the legality of a
subsequent election, with the same result, was
fully recognized by a Republican House of Rep-
resentatives, in the contest between Whitfield and
Reeder. But, independent of that decision, I think
that the action of the Missourians will suffer but
little in a comparison with that of the Republicans.
The Missourians are not yet above the influence
of bad examples, and some of them may have
learned the political tricks of their new acquaint-
! ances; but I think the facts prove that a large
I majority of their number had located in the Ter-
1 ritory with the intention of becoming residents.
