1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
•to the people of Lawrence, of July 15, 1857, he
uses the following language:
You have, however, chosen to disregard the laws of
Congress and of the territorial government created by it;
and, whilst professing to acknowledge a State government
rejected by Congress, and which can therefore now exist
only by a successful rebellion, and exacting from all your
officers ehu perilous arid sacrilegious oath to support the
so-called State constitution; yet you have, even in defiance
of the so-called State Legislatuie, winch refused to giant
you a charter, proceeded to create a local government of
your own, based only upon insurrection and revolution.
The veiy oath which you require from all your officers to
support your so-called TopekaState constitution,is violated
in fhe voiy act of putting in operation a charter rejected
even by them. A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily
involving such awful consequences, has never before dis-
giaced any age or country.
" Permit me to call your attention, as still claiming to be
citizens of the United Stales, to the results of your revolu-
tionary proceedings. You are inaugurating rebellion and
ievolution j you are disregarding the laws of Congress and
of the territorial government, and defying their authority;
you are conspiring to overthrow the Government of the
United States in this Territory. Your purpose, if carried
into effect in the mode designated by you, by putting your
laws forcibly into execution, would involve you 111 theguiJt
and ciime of treason." * * " I appeal once more to
your reason and patriotism. I ask you in the name of our
common eountiy, in the name of the Constitution and of the
Union, to desist fiom this rebellion. I appeal once more to
your love of country, to your regard for its peace, prosper-
ity, and reputation, to your affection for your wives and
children, and to all those patriotic motives which ought to
influence Amencan citizens, to abandon this contemplated
revolution. If you have wiongs, redress them through the
peaceful instrumentality of the ballot-box, in the mode pre-
scribed by the laws o! your country."
This appeal was not noticed; and the citizens
of Lawrence followed up their rebellion by the
destruction of houses and other property belong-
ing; to conservative citizens of Franklin, a small
place four miles distant from Lawrence; and by
driving these citizens from the Territory. These
acts, connected as they were with the revolu-
tionary government of Lawrence, induced Gov-
ernor Walker to order the troops to take their
position near that place.
Governor Walker says, in his letter of the 26th
September, 1857, to the Secretary of State:
Tin"? movement!.=*r^ndei ed nvov.^nry by the i.tct-s stated
in mv uddrevs of the 16th m&tant; but i-j <rKo made with a
view to protect the polls lioni violence, not only in the city
of Lawience, but al-^o in the town of Franklin, but four
miles distant, ulneh is a voting pieeniet, and which has
bepii maiked dm«nir the present month, .since the With-
drawal of the troop?', by the bmnmir of the homes of con- ;
servauve citizens, and then c\pul>ion Aom Kansas." i
The presence of the troops had the desired
effect; the rebels in Lawrence changed their po-
sition and their language. We find a most flat-
tering description of their integrity in Governor
Walker's proclamation of the 10th September,
1857. Here is his commentary upon these in-
jured patriots, these guardians of the elective fran-
chise, these precious sentinels of freedom:
" it will be lrmembeied that, in open defiance of the laws
of Congie>* and of this Tenitory, and alter the lefti^d of
the f-o-ealled Topeka State Legislatuie to grant them a
tinnier, thry nevpr'hekj=-* oiaamzod a city government,
clothed w:?h all the usual powers— lod-dative, executive,
and judicial, it will be leeollrcted, al-.o, that alter my
proclamation ol the 15th ol July last, and the Simultaneous
movement of the troops there as a pieeautioriaiy measure
to maintain the an thou ty of the Government, and an est the
spread of tins insuircciion tlnou^hout the Temtoiy, they
then professed, through their oigans, that what they had
called ft a-yvernmcnt, and to winch they had given ail the
pow<\s of a government, wn< a mete' voluntary a^oclatiun,
foi t':e leznoval of nui&arioes nom thf Afreets, &.c. Hut now,
wh"n if was crron^ou ly believed by them that the tror.ps
would all be removed to Utah, and not replaced hv othcis,
they have thrown oi'F the ma.-ic, and earned out tiicir ori-
ginal msuircutionaiy patposo by pa-aiiiy a compidt-oiy tax
law, both a poll and ptopeity tax, lequumg its a^e-^ment
and collection by the <cizuie and .-ale of pioperty, and ex-
acting by their charter lrom executive ofhecis. who me to
cany out the-^e acts, an oath to pei f.mn all the e dune,, tlie
violation of winch oath, ;f these duties arc not piifoimed,
v/on'd be perjury."
What a noble picture! How distinctly the indi-
vidual character stands out! Sir, it is one worthy
of the great artist who, in different lights and
shades, and under ah circumstances, has painted
the varied complexions, positions, and actions,
of this his darling people.
The facts prove, beyond a question, that these
people are not to be believed; and that all their ex-
cuses for not taking part m the elections arc false,
and totally unworthy of consideration. The true
difficulty arises from the fact that their party had
opposed the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
b< c:u!3c it restored the equality of the States: and
when defeated in their opposition to the repealing
cla"*t,, they resorted to the unjustifiable and trea-
sonable means retbiYul to, in order to perpetuate
the unjust operation of that law. For this pur-
pose societies were organized, first in this city,
and then in the New England States, and in New
York and Illinois, to supply men and money to
keep up the excitement and widen the breach be-
tween the two great parties on this subject. This
is the true source of the difficulty. All else are
miserable pretenses.
Mr. Chairman, it appears to me that no one
honest, howeverprejudiced, can justify such con-
duct. It is trifling with the dearest rights of free-
men, insulting to the majesty of the laws, and
highly criminal, because it jeopardizes the bless-
ings of civil liberty. The fact that these Lawrence
republicans openly denied the authority of con-
gressional enactments, and held in contempt the
laws passed by their Territorial Legislature, can-
not be denied; and it is useless to attempt a jus-
tification on the grounds of irregularity or fraud
on the part of the pro-slavery men. Nothing but
the most outrageous tyranny, and the entire de-
nial of justice and right, can justify their treason-
able conduct.
I have the honor to represent a portion of the
metropolitan police district, in the State of New
York. There I have seen the chartered rights of
the people taken from them by a Republican Le-
gislature, and their local municipal laws changed,
against the solemn protest of every represent-
ative elected by them. I have seen their police
regulations altered by non-residents of the cities,
who had no property to guard, and no rights to
protect, within the district. 1 have seen fifteen
hundred thousand citizens taxed to support offi-
cers appointed by non-residents, and who were
objectionable to four fifths of the entire population.
I have seen officers duly elected by the people in
thatdistnet, legislated outof office by Republicans
fleeted in and representing remote country dis-
trict; and other men appointed to fill their places
by a Republican Governor, and confirmed by a
Republican .Senate, who have been guilty of pipe-
j laying and other political frauds, compaivd with
i which, all that is charged to General Calhoun,
would be unworthy of consideration. All this,
sir, the Democrats of the cities of New York and
Brooklyn have seen and suffered at the hands of
the Republicans of that State. The Democrats at
-first refused to submit to the invasion of their
corporate rights; but when the courts of law de-
cided against them, they quietly submitted to the
laws of their State. They did not strike at the
judicial power, and defame and libei the courts
and judges. No, sir; they nominated and re-
elected the very judge that decided against them.
They sought their remedy in the ballot-box, and
there they will wage their war against this Re-
publican invasion and tyranny until their ancient
liberties are reestablished. The Republicans of
New York are intensely excited by the wrongs
committed upon a few hundred Lawrencc rebels
and mercenaries; but they have no sympathy for
one miiHon and a half of their own fellow-citizens,
whose rights they have invaded, and whose local
government they have struck down.
Rut, returning to the registration of the voters
in Kansas, from which I digressed. The facts
that they did not winh to be registered, and would
not vote where it was done, arc confirmed by their
refusal to vote on the constitution when it was
submitted without restriction. They excuse this
by alleging that they could not defeat the consti-
tution—could not vote it down; that the constitu-
tion was not submitted to the people; but that the
slavery clause only was submitted. This is con-
firmation stronger still that their opposition was
factious—rebellious They could have had no
objection to the constitution, except as to the sla-
very clause; and I challenge the Republicans of
this House to point out •> single objection fo it,
beyond that single one of slavery, which is, in
their opinions, objectionable. It is very like most
of our State constitutions; and is equal to the best
of them. The question of slavery was the only one
at issue, and that was fully and fairly submitted.
On this point, I desire to refer to the specch of
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Gnow,] made on the 30ih day of June, 1856, in
favor of admitting Kansas under the Topeka con-
stitution. Ho says: *
'* Doe* the constitution meet the sense of the people to be
a fleeted hy ;t ? The existence of alr.veiy sva^ tiie onh ques-
tion upon which the people weio divided, and the vote for
delegates to the convention (Topeka) settled that by a
majority of legal votes."—See Appendix to Congressional
Globe, first session Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 719.
It appears from this extract that the honorable
gentleman did not then think it necessary to sub-
mit the constitution, or any part of it, to the peo-
ple. He must have believed that the people could
delegate a portion of their sovereign power to the
convention, and that they were bound by its acts.
In this, I fully agree with the honorable gentle-
man. This doctrine of submission to the people
is of modern growth; is neither ratified by time,
experience, nor sound judgment. Sir, ours is a
representative Government, and not a Democracy.
But what does the gentleman's party now say ?
That the whole instrument should have been sub-
mitted, and not merely the slavery clause; and
because it was not thus submitted, the cry of
"fraud!" " fraud !" is heard as loud as was the
cry of " bleeding Kansas!5' during the last Con-
gress. It is a base, a vile attempt of a minority to
force a constitution upon a reluctant majority. If
they had a majority, why did they not submit to
registration, and vote either for delegates and
thus control the convention; or against the sla-
very clause in the constitution ? The Constitution,
laws, and practice of our country provide legal
modes of ascertaining the will of the majority;
why did they not accept this well-recognized
mode, and fairly determine the question? Their
conduct throughout this whole difficulty is the
only answer required by the country.
Sir, the only question of importance, and on
which the people differed, was fully and fairly
submitted; and it was submitted precisely as they
had been advised that it would be. In this there
was no deception. Acting Governor Stanton in-
formed them, in his addiess of the 17th April,
1857, before the election of the delegates to the
convention, of the fact:
u I do not doubt, however, that, in order to avoid all pre
text tor resistance to the peaceful operation of rhi< law, i he
convention itself will, m pome foim, provide for submitting
the  rcat distracting question re^crdvng their social institu-
tions, winch ha^ so long agitated the people of Kansas, toa
fan vote of nil the actual bona fide residents of the Terri-
toiy.with everv possible security against fraud and violence.
If the constitution be thus fi.nned, and the question of dif-
fer cv.ce thus submitted to the decision of the •people, I believe
that Kansas will be admitted by Congress without delay."
Governor Walker follows this explicit state-
ment of his Secretary, on the 27th day of May,
1857, and before the election of the delegates to
the convention, in this language:
"Under our practice, the preliminary act of framing a
State constitution, is uniformly perfotmed through the "in-
strumentality of a convention of delegate^, chosen by the
people themselves."
" The people ot Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authotUy known to the Constitution, to paiticipate ireely
and fairly in the election of delegates to frame a constitution
and State government. The law has performed its entire
appiopriate function when it extends to the people the i.sjht
of suffrage, but it cannot compel the performance of that
duty. Throughout our whole Union, however, and where
ever free government prevails, those who abstain from the
exeieise of the light of suffrage authorize those who do vote
to act for them in that contingency, and the absentees are
as much bound under the law and constitution, where there
is no fraud or violence, by the act of the majority of those
who do vote, a9 if ail had participated in the election.
Otherwise, us voting must be voluntary, p<?lf-govcmment
would be impracticable, and monarchy or despotism would
remain as the only alternative."
It appears, from the history, that the Repub-
licans had full notice that the slavery clause only
would be submitted. In the first instance, the Le-
gislature refused to require that it should be sub-
mitted, and passed the law over the Governor's
veto on that point; secondly, Mr. Stanton's ad-
dress distinctly referred to that fact. This, sir,
like all their other cxcuses, is a miserable pre-
tense. They had taken no part in its formation;
had denied the authority of the Legislature, and
elected one of their own; and had adopted a con-
stitution of their own. Why should they talk
about majorities, after the attempt to control the
majority by the Topeka convention ? Why talk
about submitting the whole constitution to the
people, after refusing to submit even the slavery
restriction in their own constitution ?
But, sir, it is urged by certain gentlemen in and
out of Congress that Kansas cannot be admitted
under the Lecompton constitution, because there
was no enabling act. I believe this objection,
however, is not made by the Republicans. It be-
longs to the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
great advocate for the admission of California.
The history of the country furnishes very many
examples of States coming into the Union on con-
