10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
these purposes. There might and would be just
cause of complaint if the Government, under the
pressure of either an imaginary or real monetary
crisis, should suddenly stop these extensive oper-
ations, and by throwing -large numbers of em-
ployes out of service add to the distress and suf-
fering which the revulsion had already created.
Bping engaged in the prosecution of necessary
and legitimate works for the public service, it
would b.e the policy and duty of the Government
to continue their prosecution, even though it
should occasion the necessity of increasing its
available means by some extraordinary measure.
The discontinuance of such works has not been
and is not now contemplated, and to this extent
the country may look with propriety to the oper-
ations of the Government for relief. There are
other public works of less necessity, which, for
a variety of causes, have not been commcnccd.
A temporary postponement of them will violate
no existing contracts—will deprive no one of em-
ployment to which he is authorized to look—will
inflict no wrong upon any portion of the people,
but will enable the Government to realize its
means in advance of its expenditure of them, and
perhaps avoid the necessity of increasing the
public debt. A system of public economy, re-
gardful alike of the just claims of the people and
the protection of the treasure and credit of the
Government, must command the approval of the
country; and it is upon such principles it is pro-
posed to conduct the financial department of the
Government in the present crisis.
As a measure of relief to the country, it is pro-
posed to increase the tariff. A return to a high
protective system is regarded by some as the
surest mode of extiicuting the country from its
embarrassments, and alfoiding immediate as well
as permanent relief to the public distress. The
people are already suffering from distress, and
the proposition seeks to diminish their suffering
by adding to their buidens. The earnestness
and ability which have been brought to the sup-
port of this proposition demand that its merits
should lie examined with some aire; and with-
out attempting an elaborate exposition of a ques-
tion which has heretofoie commanded so much
of the public attention, it is deemed proper to
refer to some of the considerations which render
the adoption of such a policy unwise and im-
proper.
The theory of the protectionists is this: that
under a low tariff the importations of foreign
manufactures is encouraged, and, being brought
into the country at lower prices than they can
be produced, the competition with the domestic
manufacturer is ruinous to his business. The
leuii'dy is, to raise the duties upon the foreign
article to such a point that either it will be ex-
cluded, and thus give to the domestic manufac-
turer the rntire home market, or else it will be so
increased in price by tin: additional duty as to
enable the domestic manufacturer to receive a
remunerating price for his productions. That
the effect would be temporarily for the benefit of
the manufacturer is conceded; but that the ulti-
mate effect would be alike injurious to him, as
well as all other interests, is equally clear. In
looking upon the operation as a measure of relief,
we must consider its effects not only upon the
domestic manufacturer, but also upon the con-
sumer.
If the increased duty neither diminishes the im-
portations nor increases the price, it is manifest
that no advantage has been derived by the do-
mestic manufacturer. If the effect should be to
exclude the foreign article, then the domestic man-
ufacturer monopolizes the home market, and com-
mands his own price. The relief lie needs is a
higher price for his goods, and, as a matter of
course, unrestrained as ho v/ill then be by the laws
of competition, he will so raise his prices as to
remedy the evil of low prices of wh ich he had com-
plained. The effect upon the consumer is clear.
He must pay the increased price thus put upon
the article of consumption. Nor does it stop
there. Under the existing state of things, when
lie has purchased the article he has not only fur-
nished himself with the goods he needed at the re-
duced price, but at the same time has paid into the
Treasury the tax required of him for the support
of Government. The measure of relief proposed
by the protectionists increases the price he is re-
quired to pay for his goods, and where the foreign
article is excluded leaves his tax unpaid. This
deficiency in the revenue must be supplied, and
he is called upon to pay it from his other re-
sources. The proposed measure of relief thus
imposes upon him these additional burdens, in the
increased price of his goods and the additional tax
he is required to pay. If, however, the increased
duty should not exclude the importation of the ar-
ticle, but simply advance the price to a remunera-
ting point to the domestic manufacturer, the effect
upon the consumer would be to require him to
pay the additional price, not only upon the for-
eign article, but also upon the domestic manufac-
ture. The amount of taxation put upon him for
the benefit respectively of the Treasury and the
domestic manufacturer, will depend upon the rela-
tive proportion of the foreign and domestic arti-
cle he may consume. In no event can the in-
creased duty operate to the advantage and relief
of the manufacturer except by a corresponding
injury to the consumer. The amount of benefit
conferred and injury sustained by the proposed
relief measure would depend upon the relative
number of manufacturers and consumers of the
articles upon which the increased duties were
laid; and as the number of consumers exceeds the
number of manufacturers, so would the injury
sustained exceed the benefit conferred. A policy
so partial and unjust in its operations cannot com-
mand the approval of the country.
Regarding the suggestion as a proposition to
return to the protective system, it is obnoxious
to all the objections which have been heretofore
so forcibly and successfully urged against it.
The day has passed in this country for increas-
ing restrictions upon commerce; and it is hoped
that the same remark will soon be applicable to
all other countries. We are accustomed to look
to the amount of our exports and imports as evi-
dences of our growing wealth. To encourage
commerce, enlarge its operations and extend its
limits, have been regarded by all portions of our
people as objects worthy of their united efforts.
One branch of commerce cannot long exist with-
out the cooperation of the other. We cannot
expect to furnish the world with our cotton,
breadstuff's, tobacco, rice, and other productions,
unless we are willing to receive in return their
productions. There must be mutuality between
nations as between individuals. If a policy is to
be adopted by which the produ tions of other
countries are to bo excluded from ours, for the
benefit of the domestic producer of such articles,
justice to other interests demands that there should
be adopted a policy by which the producers of
our present exports should also be furnished with
a market for the fruits of their industry. To do
this is impracticable; not to do it, would be
unjust.
How strangely inconsistent is the doctrine of
the protectionists with the practice of the Gov-
ernment' We annually expend large sums of
money in maintaining a Navy whose chief duty
it is to give protection to our commerce in all
parts of the world. Appropriations are asked,
and freely given, to send our flag in search of
new avenues for our increasing trade.
The American officer who returns to his coun-
try to announce the successful terminations of his
mission, in having made new and favorable com-
meicial treaties, is hailed as a public benefactor,
and all classes unite in doing him honor. In
these demonstrations 110 one participates more
cordially than the protectionists. If, upon the
announcement of the discovery of a new country
which promised a large and lucrative commercial
intercourse with our own, it should be simul-
taneously proposed to impose upon that com-
merce restrictions that would close our ports to
the entry ofits productions,underthe false theory
of protecting home industry, what would be the
judgment of an enlightened public opinion upon
the wisdom of a people who first expended their
treasure in discovering new marts of trade, and
immediately denied themselves all the promised
benefits to be derived from it? In the case sup-
posed, the proposition would be more startling,
but not more unreasonable, than when applied
to our intercourse with those countries between
whom and ourselves a commerce has grown up
from small beginnings to its present large dimen-
sions. _ This has been accomplished through a
policy inaugurated by our own Government, and
which has commanded the approval of enlight-
ened minds^throughout the world. Other coun-
tries have, in their legislation of late years, mani-
fested, by reducing their duties upon imports,
a desire to cooperate in the work of throwing off
those shackles upon the freedom of commerce
which false theories have placed upon it. It
would present a strange spectacle if the United
States should be the first to commence a retro-
grade movement.
The sentiment among our people in favor of
free commercial intercourse is manifested in their
domestic as well as foreign policy. The strong
feeling in the public mind for the extension of
our territorial limits is generally attributed to the
desire for more land. That it operates to some
extent is freely admitted; but such a cause fails
in its application to those cases where the acqui-
sition of new territory brings with it no propri-
etary title to the land. And yet the public sen-
timent for acquiring territory, where every foot
of it is held by private titles, is as decided as in
any other case. It is accounted for satisfactorily
only upon the theory that, as our territorial limits
are extended, we enlarge the area of free trade,
opening new markets for the productions of our
industry, untrammeled with those restraints which
a restrictive international policy has imposed.
It is an error to suppose that the occasional
revulsions which have so seriously affected our
manufacturing interest is attributable to the want
of a high protective system. I11 the policy which
the Government has adopted of allowing many
of the raw materials used by them to come in,
either free of duty or at low duties, in the inci-
dental protection which a tariff laid for the pur-
pose of revenue gives them—in the increasing
consumption of their productions, brought about
by the general prosperity of the country, they
will find the most ample encouragement that could
reasonably be expected or desired. Like all other
interests in the country, they suffer from the too
frequent changes of the tariff, and from those
fluctuations in business which flow from causes
wholly distinct and separate from the tariff ques-
tion. What they need is steady prices, a sound
currency, and protection against the ruinous
| effects of expansions in the credit system. Prom
a free and unrestricted commerce with the world,
110 interest in our country would derive a more
certain and permanent benefit than the manufac-
turers.
Rejecting the proposition to raise the tariff as
a measure oj" relief, and looking to the probable
receipts and expenditures for the present and next
years, no change is recommended in the act of
March 3, 1857, at this time. The present tariff
is not regarded as perfect; far from it. It has,
however, been in operation less than six months
—a length of time too short to judge ofits work-
ings, even underthe most favorable circumstances.
This fact, in connection with the revulsion in busi-
ness, makes it wholly impracticable to form a cor-
rect judgment upon its merits. There are changes
which should be msdc as soon as it can be done
with propriety. A return to the decimal division
in the rates of duties, a more accurate classifica-
tion of various articles, and other amendments,
would greatly improve the law, even if it should
be found by experience unnecessary to make any
radical change in its general provisions. The pro-
priety of postponing any action upon the subject,
until an opportunity has been offered of testing
its general merits, seems to admit of no serious
doubt.
Returning to the question of relief which is ex-
pected from the Government, it becomes neces-
sary to inquire into the cause of the present revul-
sion, as preliminary to the consideration of a
proper remedy for it. Public opinion generally
holds the banks responsible for all our embar-
rassments. The true cause is to be found in the
undue expansion of the credit system. The banks
constitute an important part of that system; but
there are other elements entering into it, which,
equally with the question of the banks, demand
public consideration.
Credit., confined to its legitimate functions, is
the representative of capital, and when used within
