1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2073
this purpose. If I had used any such expression
as the Senator attributes to me, even in the heat
of discussion, towards the constituents of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, or any other Senator on
this floor, 1 should, on its being called to my no-
tice, foul it my own duty, as a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, to withdraw the expression.
Mr. WILSON. I had not time to read the
Senator's remarks, and I relied upon my own
hearing, and the expressions made around me in
regard to what he said. We may have been mis-
taken; at any rate, T withdraw the remark, for I
certainly do not wish to misrepresent the Senator
from Ohio,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise, Mr. Presi-
dent, to detain the Senate by entering into a dis-
cussion of the question involved, at any length;
but as I represent in part, one of the northwest-
ern States, which, certainly can have no local in-
terest in this question, I desire to state, in a single
word, the reason for the vote which I feel called
upon to give.
The State which I represent is somewhat inter-
ested in fisheries, the fisheries of the lakes, both
LakeSunerior and Lake Michigan;fisherips which
receive no bounties at the hands of the Govern-
ment. They stand on their own strength, and
must stand or fall upon the laws of competition
which govern the usual course of business. And
that is an additional reason why I feel called upon
to define my position and explain my vote on this
question. I agree entirely with the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] in the idea that the pow-
ers of this Government are simply those which
are granted by the Constitution of the United
States; that it is not a government of general and
unlimited power, which can leirnlate upon all sub-
jects, where it U not restrained by the Constitu-'
tion, but that it can only legislate on those ques-
tions whoie power is expressly granted, or w he re
it is necessary to carry out the power which is ex-
pressly granted. I have been brought up m the
school of stnet constiuouon, and therefore, with
me, upon this floor, the fisst question always is,
whether there is a power in the Government to
pass the law m question, whether the constitution-
al power is given' and I listened with interest to
his remarks, knowing that he was reared in that
school, and is a distinguished advocate of its
doctrines. I listened to ascertain lusviews on the
question, m the first instance, of the constitutional
power of this Government to legislate upon tins
subject, and I understood from the purpoit of his
remai ks,that lie conceded the constitutional pow-
er to pass laws of this chaiactcr under that pro-
vision of the Constitution which dec,lares that
"the Congress shall have power to provide and
maintain a navy;" and I did not rncLr-sfjnd the
honorable Senator to question the constitutional
power of Congress to maintain this policy. It
was with him, therefore, aquestion of policy; and
it is the same with me, a question of policy, and
policy merely.
The first question which arises in my mind is
this: whether it is a legitimate and proper means
to be employed by the Go\ eminent of the United
States, foi the puinose ofprovidmg and maintain-
ing a navy r It cannot be defended upon any other
ground. As a bounty, I should certainly be op-
posed to it; as a mere bounty, I cannot sustain it
for a moment: and the question agam recurs: is
it a proper and legitimate means of providing and
maintaining a navy for the United States? and
that involves this other question, what constitutes
the Navy of the United States, within the mean-
ing of the Constitution and upon winch wc rely r
Is it the armed ships belonging to the United
States—vessels of wai, only r These ships, armed
by the Government, commanded by its officers,
and manned by men m its employ, me undoubt-
edly within the meaning of the Constitution. Cut
as I understand it, that is not the navy upon which
we must rely in any great emergency. We all
recollect the correspondence which took place
when Governor Marcy was Secretary of State,
and the convention of Plenipotentiaries of Euro-
pean Poweis, assembled at Pans, proposed to
abolish piiv:ueeiing; that a new provision should
be mtioduecl into the eodc of maritime law, by
which pri\. ticet mj, was not to be alio wed by the
law of nation^: what was tne i«-'ply of Governor
Mtu ev, one of the mant men of this country ' 1 lis
reply was this, m substance: We are prepared to
abolish privateering when you will abolish the
taking of private property upon the high seas;
confine your fighting upon the high seas to the war
vessels of the nations engaged, and we will abol-
ish privateering; but so long as private property
upon the high seas is to be seized in naval warfare,
the Government of the United States will never
consent to abolish privateering.
Mr. President, Iarrive, then,at this conclusion:
that the Navy, upon which the Government of the
United States must rely mainly in case of actual
war with any great maritime Power, is to be com-
posed of privateers—volunteers upon the sea. It j
is upon the volunteer naval forces of this country |
that we are to depend, in a great measure, in ac- |
tual war upon the sea, as we have to rely, m the
main, upon the volunteeer forces upon the land. [
I do not understand the question to be whether 1
this is the very best mode of providing1 or main- ■
taining a navy. The honorable Senator from |
Mississippi contended that there might be a bet- j
ter mode of encouraging a naval force upon the ,
sea by giving direct bounties to the ships that I
would take apprentices on board. Perhaps the :
bounty which the honorable Senator would pro- j
pose would be agood mode of encouraging, mam- j
taining, or providing the means of maintaining, a ;
volunteer naval fore* upon the high seas; but it 1
does not follow, and I do not understand the hon- '
orable Senator from Mississippi, nor the honor-
able Senator fiom Floiida—who is chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs—to say that tins
is not a means, a legitimate means, of providing
or maintaining a nursery for seamen. Now, hav-
ing satisfied my own 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. We agree every now and then
upon our premises so nearly, that I have risen
merely for the purpose of saying to the Senator
that 1 did not concede that this was a pioper and
legitimate mode of maintaining a navy; but I did
concede that if it were shown to be a proper and
legitimate mode of maintaining a navy, then it
was a mere question of policy, and the power
was derivative from the grant m the Constitution
to raise and maintain a navy. I did not think it
a proper and legitimate mode. I do not think
bounties upon any particular class of industry a
! proper mode; and here I find we are running again
; into the word bounty, which produced so much
! confusion in legislation, even m the time of our
■ fatheis, on this subject. Allowing an exemption
j from certain port charges on merchantmen, on the
i condition that they carry apprentices, is an m-
■ ducement, or, if the Senator pleases, a bounty,
| though bounty is not the word I used or would
| use to express my own idea. The difference be-
! tween us is that he claims this to be a legitimate
| and proper mode of maintaining a na\y. I do
! not find it so. Then we meet on the ground that
i if he can show it to be a legitimate and proper
| mode, that this is the maintenance of a navy, I
i concede to him the power. '
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. I may have misunder-
stood the honorable Senator in his remarks yes-
! terday, and I have not yet had an opportunity of
i looking over the report of them.
Mr. DAVIS. I would hardly say that, because
I spoke under circumstances (if physical infirm-
ity which, probably, rendered me loss clear than
I would have been otherwise. That is what I
meant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Piesidcnt, a single
word further, and I have done. I think, upon thy
whole, that it is a question of policy only, and a
policy that has existed for a long time m the his-
tory of this Government—a policy adopted by
our revolutionary fathers, which lias been ever
since maintained; and it being a question of pol-
icy, I defer, I confess, to the opinions of the great
and wise men who have gone before us, and to the
precedent which they have so firmly established;
and I yield a more willing deference to it because
in the war of 1812 the fishermen of Marblehead
achieved the freedom of t he seas. Were it an
original qui stion now for the first time presented,
I might pi. i Laps have greater difficulties m my
mind th. u 1 do now; but it having been estan-
1 lished r j long and beinga question not of consti-
! tutionai power, as I conceive, but a question of
! good policy m the maintaining and the providing
I for a navy, I defer to their judgment and to the (
i precedent which they have established. j
I conclude by simply saying that the amount
of bounties which are paid to these fishermen does
not exceed, as I understand it, what it would cost
to maintain a single war frigate. A single steam
frigate of war, as I understand, costs about one
thousand dollars per day while upon the ocean; and
yet for this noi very large amount of expenditure
m the shape of bounties—not more than is neces-
sary to maintain a single war vessel—in accordance
with the policy of our fathers, we are rearing and •
maintaining, if not by the very best mode, at all
events by a legitimate mode, a nursery for seamen,
and American seamen, and a large number of sea-
men, say from ten to fifteen thousand. Sir, I do not
regard it at all unfavorable that these seamen are
not engaged in very long voyages. The very fact
that they are engaged only for five or six months
upon the sea, and then return home to their wives
and children upon American soil, in my judgment
instead of its making them poorer seamen in case
of war, makes them the better seamen. They are
attached to the soil. They have their wives and
children and homes on the land. There are many
of them, as the gentleman from Florida stated,
gentlemen who are engaged in this business but a
portion of their time. Some of them perhaps are
men of substance, who are interested in the coun-
try, and for that reason make the very best kind
of seamen in case of actual collision. I know it
may be said it is unnecessary to have any boun-
ties to encourage volunteer forces upon the land.
Thatis very true. Ourlandsmenare brave enough.
While they love peace, they are ready to fightan
enemy when necessary, wheneverhe may appear,
if you wiU only place them on ten a jirma. But
ask the men who ate brought up on land to vol-
unteer to fitrht an enemy at sea, it is u very differ-
ent affair. They aie unaccustomed to the elements
around them. The vety element usulf upon which
they are to live takes away from them their en-
ergy and strength, and puts u out of their power
to fight an enemy, even if they are able to take
care of themselves.
One who is unaccustomed to the sea must live
a new life before he is prepared to encounter its
dangers and outride its storms in proper physical
condition to meetan enemy. Believing that these
bounties aie a legitimate means of maintaining
and encouraging a good school for seamen, I shall
vote against their repeal.
Mr. FOSTER. Air. President, the interest
which my constituents have directly in this ques-
tion, is cerLunly not large. Of the two thousand
and eighty-eight vessels, which, by the last re-
turns, were engaged m this trade, one hundred and
thirty-four only belonged to the State of Con-
necticut. Of the fourteen thousand six hundred
and sixteen men employed, but nine hundred and
twenty-eight belonged to Connecticut. Indeed,
sir, the whole question, so far as it affects the
publicTreasuiy, seems to mc not large enough to
have justified an attack upon this allowance at the
present time; even if those who attack this policy,
and who urge the repeal of the law sustaining it,
are right in the grounds they assume. It seems
to me that this is a very unfortunate time to com-
mence an attack upon any branch of the industry
of this country. During the last summer and fall,
wc are all aware that our counuy, and indeed, the
whoie civilized world to some extent, was affected
by one of those levulsions winch somehow and
at vanous tunes conic over commerce and busi-
ness. The industry of the country is feeling that
revulsion at the present time almost as severely
as it has at any period whatever. It is the last
of the interests that perhaps are affected by a re-
vulsion of this character. Almost every branch
of industry is now in an exceedingly depressed
state. Multitudes of men skilled in their various
pui suits and avocations, can find no employment.
It is an evil, and a crying evil in the country, that
there are hands willing to labor that are compelled
to remain in idleness, and of course want is the
consequence. At such a tim® it seems to me, I
say, peculiarly unfortunate that the Congress of
the United States should be asked to repeal any
law which affords proper encouragement to any
one branch of public industry.
The fishing business is certainly a legitimate
business, it is, as King James remarked of it,
an honest trade—the pursuit of the Apostles. It
cu°'ht not to be discouraged; it suiely ought to
be encouraged. It is not, however, because the
business is considered obnoxious; but it is be-
