12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
35th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
money, but in the effort to obtain it became ob-
noxious to the charge of adding to the general dis-
tress, which many persons thought it was his duty
to relieve. To avoid a recurrence of these difficul-
ties, the plan of separating the Government from
all connection with the banks was suggested, and
in 1846 was permanently adopted, tte result is !
before the country in the occurrences of the last 1
few weeks. The banks, as in 1837, have sus-
pended specie payments; but the analogy ceases
there, so far as the operations of the Treasury
Department in its disbursements are concerned.
The Government has its money in the hands of
its own officers, and in the only currency known
to the Constitution. It has met every liability
without embarrassment. It has resorted to no
expedient to meet the claims of its creditors, but
with promptness pays each one upon presenta-
tion. If the contrast between the operations of
1837 and the present time stopped here, it would
be enough to vindicate the policy of the Independ-
ent Treasury system; but it does not. The most
remarkable feature distinguishing the two periods
has reference to the effect upon the commercial
and general business interest of the country pro-
duced by the present operations of the Independ-
ent Treasury. It is the relief which has been af-
forded to the money market by the disbursements
in specie of the General Government. In 1837,
the demand of the Government for its funds,
with which to meet its obligations,' weakened the
banks, crippled their resources, and added to the
general panic and pressure. In 1857, the dis-
bursements by the Government of its funds,
which it kept in its own vaults, supplied the
banks with specie, strengthened their hands, and
would thus have enabled them to afford relief,
when it was so much needed, if they had been in
a condition to do it. Their inability or unwilling-
ness to do so, under such favorable circumstances,
only shows how much worse the embarrassment
would have been if the Government was nowde-
mandingpayment from them, instead of furnish-
ing them the means of iclief.
At the time, and subsequent to the passap-e, of
the IndepemlrntTreasury act of 1816, the great-
est, apprehension was expressed, and no doubt
felt, by its opponents, of the effect of such a pol-
icy. The accumulation of specie in the vaults
of the Government, the distress it would occa-
sion in the collection of the public dues in specie,
and part icularl y its operations in a monetary crisis,
were legarded as certain sources of inevitable
evil. The idea that it would afford relief at such
a time, was looked upon as wild and visionary
by ils opponents, and not very confidently antici-
pated by its friends. The success of the policy
should be as gratifying as it was unexpected to
those who resisted its adoption with so much
zeal and ability.
Whilst the opponents of the system apprehended
from it the most ruinous effects upon the banks
and the currency, us friends looked confidently
to its operation for a wholesome check upon ex-
cessive issues by the banks. Experience has
shown that the apprehensions of the one were
groundless, and the anticipations of the others
were well founded, to a limited extent. The in-
crease of the circulation of the banks at the time
they were used as public depositories, compared
with their circulation at other periods, and par-
ticularly since the adoption of the Independent \
Treasury system, affords the most satisfactory]
evidence of the restraining influence of the sys- I
tcm upon the tendency of the banks to extend :
their credit and increase their issues. It is im- j
possible to estimate with accuracy the extent of ,
this influence. There are so many elements
which enter into the financial operations of a great
and extended country like ours, that no man can
pretend to analyze the many causcs at work with
a view of assigning to each its separate and legit-
imate effect. No one doubts, however, that the
effect of collecting the public revenues in the notes
of the banks, and depositing the funds when col-
lected with them, would be an extension of the
credit of the bank, and an addition of their cir-
culation proportioned to this increased demand
for the use of their notes. To the extent that
this stimulant to credit has been withheld, to that
extent, certainly, has the restraining influence of
the Independent Treasury upon excessive bank
issues been felt. The collection annually of about
seventy millions in the notes of banks, and a large
amount at all times remaining in their vaults as
deposits, would afford facilities for extending their
credit, which the past history of these institutions
show they would not hesitate to avail themselves
of. If such a system had prevailed for the last
ten years, the strong probabilities are that the pres-
ent crisis would have been much sooner reached,
and the effect would have been more disastrous,
because more extended, and with'fewer sources
of relief.
If the beneficial effects of the IndependentTreas-
ury system in restraining the banks from extend-
ing their credits have notbeen overestimated—and
it is confidently believed that they have not—it
is respectfully submitted to public consideration
whether the adoption of the same principle by the
respective State governments would not complete
the work of reform and prevention against bank
suspension, so happily inaugurated and success-
fully practiced by the General Government. The
various State governments now collect annually
; about fifty million dollars. This amount is col-
! lected mainly in bank notes,and, when not lmme-
i diately disbursed, is either kept in the form of
i bank notes in the vaults of the State treasuries, or
deposited directly with the banks. Let the sev-
eral States collect their revenues in specie, and
thence is withdrawn from the banks a stimulant
to overbanking to the extent of the facilities now
afforded them by this use of their notes.
The remarks already made in connection with
the Independent Treasury of the General Govern-
ment are here applicable to the effect that would
be produced by such a policy. The collection
1 and disbursement in specie of the revenues of
both the General and State Governments, not to
speak of the various city, town, and county cor-
porations, would constitute such a demand for
specie, at all times, as to require its retention in
the country. The banks, knowing that they
were liable to furnish their note-holders with this
specie, would regulate their issues accordingly,
and would consequently be restrained from ex-
cessive overissues, which render suspension of
specie payments by them inevitable when a crisis
comes, which requires them to do what they
ought always to be ready to do—pay their debts.
The apprehension that such a requirement by the
State governments would operate oppressively
upon the people, would prove as unfounded as it
did in the case of the General Government. State
taxes are nowpaid, mostgenerally,inbank notes.
These notes profess to be the representative of
specie. If they are, the tax-payer could easily
convert them into specie. If they are not, then
they ought not to be received as such either by
the State governments or the people. The very
object of the law is to guard against the latter
contingency, and thus to secure to the country a
sound paper currency, always convertible into
specie.
Under the operation of an independent treas-
ury system, adopted by each of the States, there
would be no difficulty in retaining in the country
a sufficient amount of specie, not only for the
puiposes of the Government, but also to secure
a sound paper currency. As long, however, as
the present system lasts, this icsult cannot be
looked for. One would suppose that the large
increase of gold in the last few years would have
enabled the banks to have protected themselves
against tile necessity of suspending specie pay-
ments. Such should have been the case; but it
has not been, and will not be, until some policy,
such as is'here recommended, is adopted, which I
will compel them to keep sufficient specie in their
vaults to meet their issues. Since the discovery I
of gold in California, in 1849, there has been 1
coined at the mints of the United States the sum
of $400,000,000; and even a larger amount has
been added from that source to the gold of the
wo-rld. At that time it was estimated that there was
m the United States $120,000,000 of specie. Of that
amount the banks held $43,000,000: upon which
they issued a circulation of 8114.743,415. Their
deposits at that time amounted to $91,178,623.
It is estimated that there is now in the United
States, $260,000,000 of specie, and of this sum
the banks have $60,000,000; upon which they
have issued a circulation of §214,778,822, and
their deposits have increased to #230,351,352. It
will be seen from this statement that, with the
increased quantity of specie in the country, the
banks have only increased their specie from
$43,000,000 to $60,000,000, whilst they have in-
creased their circulation from §114,743,415 to
$214,778,822. No one supposes that such would
have been the case if, during this period, the
financial operations of the various State govern-
ments had been conducted upon the principles of
the Independent Treasury system. It is confi-
dently believed that such a policy would have
saved the country from the present bank suspen-
sion. If, at the time the General Government was
making its disbursements in specie at the com-
mencement of the present crisis, the same opera-
tion had been going on from the different State '
treasuries, the effect necessarily would have been
to have supplied every demand in the country for
specie, and the banks, already restrained within
legitimate bounds, would have been enabled to
have pursued their usual business without serious
interruption.
In this connection, it cannot fail to attract ob-
servation, that at the very moment when the
General Government, through the instrumentality
of the Independent Treasury system, was meet-
ing, with promptness, its liabilities of every char-
acter, and by the very act of disbursing its specie
funds affording relief to the Banks and the coun-
try, the State governments, for the want of such
a system, were unable, with nominally full treas-
uries, to pay their debts, and, in the effort to do
so, were subjected to the charge of either paying
their liabilities in depreciated currency, or adding
to the distress of the country by their demands
upon the banks for specie funds. These difficul-
ties are the legitimate fruits of their past policy,
and for the present must be endured; it will be
their own fault if another revulsion should find
them m a like condition.
As an additional restraint upon the tendency
of the banks to over-issue, as well as for the pur-
pose of keeping an ample supply of specie in
constant circulation, the suppression of all bank
notes under the denomination of'twenty dollars is
recommended to the consideration of those under
whose jurisdiction these State institutions exist.
Previous to the act of 20th February, 1857, the
Director of the Mint was required, by law, to
make his annual report to the President. By the
seventh section of that act he is directed to make
his report to the Secretary of the Treasury, to
the 30tli June of each year, that it may appear in
the annual report on the finances. The director
has made his annual report to the President for
the calendar year to the 1st January last, and has
now reported to this Department the operations
of the Mint and its branches during the remain-
ing half of the last fiscal year, to the 30th June last.
The report is herewith transmitted, marked 10.
The director calls the attention of this Depart-
ment to the propriety of such an amendment of
existing laws relative to coinage, that, where fine
gold bars are made and paid to depositors of bul-
lion, in addition to the charges now macle for
parting and toughening, there shall be a charge
of one half per cent, paid into the Treasury
thereon, which would have been imposed had the
same been coined. By the sixth section of the act
of 21st February, 1853, this charge of one half
per cent, was payable into the Treasury, in addi-
tion to the charges for refining or parting bullion,
whether it was paid to depositors in the form of
coin, or in bars, ingots, or disks. But the sixth
section of the act of March 3, 1853, chapter nine-
ty-six, provides that the charge for refining, cast-
ing, or forming bars, ingots, or disks, shall not
exceed the actual cost of the operation. The
effect of this provision is to repeal the seigniorage
of one half per cent, imposed equally on bullion
coined or withdrawn in the form of fine bars, by
the act of February 21, 1853, and to restrict this
duty entirely to coin. This is, of course, equiv-
alent to paying a premium of one half per cent,
upon all bullion exported in the form of fine bars,
as it would have been subjected by law to that
burden had it been coined. I concur with the
director in the opinion that it is not good policy
to impose this half per cent, on all bullion coined
for circulation, and at the same time exempt fine
bars withdrawn for exportation. If depositors
