1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Republicans, all of whom indorse the honorable
Senator's doctrine; but I am not certain that these
gentlemen deny it now. They object to the le-
gality of the Lecompton convention, and to the
constitution, because it prescribes how it shall be
amended after 1864, and makes no provision for
alteration before that period.
But these gentlemen held the reverse of both of
these propositions in their places on this floor in
June and July, 1856, less than two' years since.
Then, the Topeka constitution, adopted by a con-
vention called without the semblance of law, and
in open rebellion to. the legally constituted author-
ities, was regular in their judgments; and its pro-
visions, although they struck down.the rights of
property, and were in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, were just and proper.
That constitution was more stringent in its amend-
ment clause; for it not only postponed the right to
alter and amend, as far as it could, for nine years,
but it expressly prohibited alteration or amend-
ment until the expiration of that period; and what
is still worse, the Topeka convention adopted that
constitution without submitting any part of it to
the people, and leading Republicans here and else-
where did all in their power to force it upon the
majority of the citizens of Kansas. No one can
doubt the fact that the Topekaites were then in a
minority, if they are not now. With these facts
before it, the country will judge the sincerity of
the Republicans.
Little or no doubt can exist in reference to the
power of a State Legislature to pass a law, at any
time, submitting the question of a change, altera-
tion, or amendment of their constitution to the
people; and none that the people may, in then-
sovereign capacity, decide in favor of a conven-
tion to effect such change, alteration, or amend-
ment: otherwise the convention might make the
constitution permanent. If the men of this year
can bind the men of 1860, they can bind the peo-
ple of 1960. Admit this principle, and this gen-
eration will have power to bind unborn genera-
tions. By it you invest the dead with more
authority than the living. Government requires
that the majority shall yield up some of their
natural rights, and in their political relations admit
certain limitations and restraints for the good of I
the whole society; but the majority may, at all
times, in a legal way, limit or extend these dele-
gated powers of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, time prevents me from extending
my argument. I therefore quit the subject. A
careful, and I trust a candid, investigation of it
leaves my mind without a doubt about the pro-
priety and duty of admitting Kansas tinder the
Lecompton constitution. The facts justify this
course, and the interests and peace of the country
imperatively demand it.
In speaking of the conduct of the Republicans
in Kansas, I have necessarily used strong lan-
guage in denouncing their policy; but because I
have not condemned the conduct of the pro-sla-
very party in that Territory, it mast not he in-
ferred that I approve their course, or justify all
their conduct. I do not do so. While they have
been guilty of many things wholly unjustifiable,
they have not openly attempted to overthrow the
government. Frauds and great wrongs they may
have committed; but the crimes of rebellion and
treason cannot justly be charged against them.
These high offenses are clearly established against
the Republicans of that Territory. But do not
understand me to charge such disloyalty on all
Republicans. That party contains many noble
spirits, who are influenced by the highest and
purest motives, and who are as much devoted to
the Union of these States as any gentleman on this
side of the House. I honor such men, wherever
found. They differ with us, as they have un-
doubted right to do, and I respect their opinions
and feelings. With such gentlemen I have no
harsh words to exchange. I believe them, as
they doubtless believe me, to be mistaken; but
1 look forward to the time when we shall stand
side by side in the defense of the Union and the
Constitution, by whomsoever they may be as-
saulted.
On this great, this important issue, my humble
convictions are against them. My views of duty
and my love of country lead me in a different di-
rection If 1 err in conceding and maintaining the
equality of the States, I err with the illustrious
spirits who formed the Constitution of our Fed-
eral Union—with Franklin, and Madison, and
Washington. If I err in my course on- the ques-
tion now before us, I err with the distinguished
and time-lionored statesmen composing the pres-
ent Administration, who so justly enjoy the con-
fidence of the country, and who can have no other
object than its peace, its prosperity,its honor, and
its glory. To err with such men, is excusable;
but to err against them, is criminal.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Chairritan, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the bill now before the committee;
availing myself of the latitude usual in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, I intend to talk of the wrongs
of Kansas, and the rights of the northern Democ-
racy, with the hope that justice may be done on
this floor.
I approach the discussion of one of themostim-
portant questions, so far as the existence of the
national Democracy and the Union are concerned,
that ever in my judgment has been presented to the
consideration and decision of the Congress of the
nation, with diffidence, lest I may not be able, as
the only Democratic Representative from the great
State of New York opposed to the Lecompton
constitution, to do the subject that justice which it
deserves. I hope it will not be deemed egotistical
in me to refer to the position that 1 have ever oc-
cupied in my native State as a national Democrat,
always standing up for all the constitutional rights
of the South. In 184S, it was my province and
pleasure, as a member of the Democratic general
committee in Tammany Hall, to offer resolutions
ratifying the nominations of Cass and Butler; and
on the same occasion, it was the privilege of one
of my now Democratic colleagues on this floor to
offerresolutions in opposition thereto,and in favor
of the views of those who supported Van Buren
and Adams. Subsequently, I had the honor to
offer resolutions, which were adopted by the com-
mittee, excluding that colleague and his Free-soil
confreres from that body. After his excommuni-
cation, that colleague proceeded to the Buffalocon-
vention and joined hands with the Abolitionists
and the high protective tariff men of the North, and
advocated and supported the resolutions of that
convention, protesting forever thereafter against
the admission of any more slave States, and in
favor of a high protective tariff. During the cam-
paign of 1848, this colleague, m connection with
John Van Buren, addressed various meetings
throughout the State in favor of the doctrines pro-
mulgated by the Buffalo convention, and the elec-
tion of their mongrel ticket,Van Buren and Adams,
for the Presidency and Vice Presidency, and the
Abolition State ticket, Dix for Governor, and
Gates for Lieutenant Governor.
To these two renegades and Free-soil agitators
of that day, more than to any other cause, may
be attributed the origin and growth of that Free-
soil sentiment which found expression, in 1848,
in one hundred and twenty thousand votes m
favor of the Free-soil candidates, Van Buren and
Adams, in opposition toaboutone hundred thou-
sand cast for the national candidates—Cass and
Butler—and which, in 1856, camp so near electing
John C. Fiemont, During all this time, no man
in the State of New York was more zealous and
unswerving in the promulgation of sound, national
Democratic principles, than myself. The first
resolutions that were adopted in any recognized
Democratic committee in that State in favor of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill were drawn and introduced
by myself, and adopted in the Hard-shell general
committee, in 1854. In the Hard-shell State con-
vention, in 1855, I urged upon the committee of
resolutions the adoption of an affirmative resolu-
tion in favor of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The
prominent leaders in the convention, and of the
party out of it, were opposed to indorsing that
act, fearing that it might arouse the Free-soil sen-
timent of the State, and injure our cause; but fail-
ing in the committee, I appeared at the bar of the
convention, and forced the resolution through by
an amendment to the report of the committee.
In consequence of this stand taken by our wing
of th.e party, and the failure of the Sifft-shell
State convention, of which the colleague to whom
I have alluded was a member, to put itself upon
the record until after the fall election, in January
following, in favor of the national doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty, the Hard-shell delegation to the
Cincinnati convention were enabled to gain ad-
mittance to that body upon the ground of na-
tional political orthodoxy, to the exclusion of the i
Softs, who, numerically, were much in ascend-
ency in the previous fall election. Judge of my
astonishmentand surprise,Mr. Chairman, when I
found my colleague [Mr. John Cochrane] acting
as the high priest of the caucus of Democcratic
Representatives of this House, and my amaze*
ment in reading recently a speech delivered in
New York, by John VarHBuren, in which he fa-
vored the consummation of the Lecompton fraud,
by which slavery is sought to be forced upon the
people of Kansas, against the expressed will of
three fourths of them, and in which he praised
the Democratic party for having been the meana
of admittingTexasinto theUnion as a slave State,
when it is notorious that he and his father, and
those who composed the Van Buren party, stren-
uously opposed the annexation, and by a "secret
circular" endeavored to defeat Polk and Dallas.
I have reverted to the former course of these
gentlemen not out of personal hostility, but to
show that as in nature the seasons change, so
changes the mere politician when actuated by in-
terest; and to enter my protest against the power
assumed by such Democrats, and apparently rec-
ognized by a majority of my party upon this
floor, of reading out of the Democracy gentlemen
who have been consistent national Democrats all
their lives. " In these loose party times" the line
of demarkation between party rebellion and fealty
is go finely drawn and so nearly allied that the
word " rebel" has no grating sound upon nay ear,
and produces no terror. Had General William
Walker, whom the South have sought to heroize
at the expense of the noble conduct of the gallant
Paulding, been successful in Nicaragua, even he
would have been a patriot. Success makes pa-
triots now-a-days, and in politics, owing to the
degeneracy of the times in which we live, many
politicians, I regret to say, prefer success rather
than virtue. Mr. Chairman, 1 cannot be read out
of the Democratic party for my vote against the
Lecompton constitution, conceived, as it was, in
fraud, and brought forth in iniquity; preferring to
be right rather than to be indorsed when wrong
by the nominal temporary head of the Democratic
church. "Men change—principles never," is a
truthful maxim that we should all live up to. Has
it ever occurred, sir, to those new-fledged national
Democrats on this floor who arrogate to them-
selves plenary power to read out of the party con-
sistent Democrats, that seven of the twelve Demo-
cratic members from New York were Hard-shell
rebels in that State from September, 1853, down to
the election of this Administration? That they re-
belled against President Pierce and his minions,
not because he was false to the principles or plat-
form upon which he was elected, but simply for
the reason that he had insulted the national Dem-
ocrats in New York in giving the most important
Federal appointments to the Free-soil leaders,
who had contributed to the defeat of Cass and But-
ler, thus offering an indignity to the true men of
the party—those who had created and sustained
the national Democratic sentiment in the North
which elected Mr. Pierce—and also for the unjus-
tifiable interference of his administration in re-
moving Judge Bronson, thereby striking, as they
believed, a blow at State rights.
In arriving at the conclusion to vote against the
admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, I have been aided and influenced by a
desire to faithfully represent the constituency
which elected me, and to fulfill the pledges which
I made them upon accepting my nomination. To
them I am responsible for my course here; and
being honestly convinced that my opposition to
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution—-repudiated and protested against, as
it is, by at least three fourths of her people—meets
with the approval of a large majority of my con-
stituents, whose wishes I am in honor bound to
obey, I shall vote against the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution. Upon the
occasion of my nomination I addressed tlie con-
vention which nominated me, in the following
language:
" 'I'll'; unscrupulous Black Republican press asserts that
the Democratic parly is a pro-slavery party. I deny it. Jt
is a libel upon its character, its platform, and its candidates.
It is neither a pro-sf.iverj nor an aim slaveiy party, but it
is the progressive constitutional party of the country. Its
principles and measures rerogmze no South, no N'oitfi, no
Ean, no but the whole Coniedeiacy. Our boasting
opponents indulge in hypocritical protestations, and insane
ravings, Hi the name of freedom. Freedom is indigenous
to the North—we are all in favor of freedom. These lulls
