1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
property in slaves should remain inviolate, is to
prevent, even by a new constitution or any legis-
lative action, any interference under the decision
of the Supreme Courtof the United States, in the
passage and successful operation of any law in
Kansas, by which slavery, against the consent of
the owners of slaves, can in any manner be inter-
fered with; hence is the reason for the President
saying, in his recent message, " that Kansas is
now as much a slave State as Georgia or South
Carolina." This, with many others, is one rea-
son for my opposing the Lecompton constitution.
I can never consent, by my vote, to render slavery
in Kansas perpetual against the wishes of three
fourths of the people now there; and even if the
Lecomp£on constitution is accepted perchance
against their unanimous wish. The peopleofKan-
sas, on the 21st of December, werejustified in not
voting, considering the unfair and insulting mode
of the pretended submission of the constitution
on that day. They have been goaded by insults
and injuries greater than the people of the Ameri-
can colonies received when they rebelled against
the tyranny and oppression of George III.; and
when Washington and his forces were denomi-
nated rebels. They are self-reliant citizens, and
brave men, and have, by their past conduct in
Kansas, under all the wrongs they have suffered,
shown that they are capable of " self-govern-
ment." They have my sympathy and support.
They are the kind of men the poet speaks of:
" What constitutes a State?
Not high raised battlements nor labored mound,
Thick wall, nor moated gate;
Nor cities proud, with spires and turrets crowned,
Nor starred and spangled courts,
Where low-born baseness wafts perfume to pride;
But men ! high-minded men,
Who their duties know, but know their rights,
And, knowing, dare maintain them."
The South have no right, nor is it generous or
just in them to insist upon forcing slavery in Kan-
sas against the wishes of her people. By the Mis-
souri compromise line which they repealed upon
$te proposition of Senator Dixon of Kentucky,
Kansas, being North of latitude 36° 30', and be-
tween the thirty-seventh and thirty-eiglith paral-
lels, was dedicated, and so remained for thirty-
four years, to freedom.
Thev are, therefore, by no principle of justice
entitled, or justified in their attempt now to force
and keep slavery in Kansas under a usurped con-
stitution insisted by them to be received by Con-
gress against the legally expressed will of an over-
whelming majority of her people, upon a snap-
judgment sought to be sustained upon technical
legalgrounds. Permit me to briefly examine prop-
ositions connected with this judgment. The gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] insisted
that the judgment obtained at the election m Kan-
sas on the 21st December was final, and under it
he claimed the penalty of the bond —the pound of
flesh included.
" My deeds upon mv head 1 I crave !he law,
The penalty and forfeit of my bond.55
I deny that this was a final judgment, and assert
that it was an interlocutory proceeding. The final
judgment in the Kansas case is to be entered in
the court of the people of the United States, pre-
sided over by the United States Senate and this
body, composing the Congress of the nation; and
I claim that this court has the right in this im-
portant case to examine the proceedings, even
" dehors the record" of the 21st of December last,
and to determine that the constitutional conven-
tion had no legal existence, because counties were
not registered, aud in which the people did not
and could not vote for delegates.
Why, Mr. Chairman, the constitution was^not
submitted, then, to the jurors—the people of Kan-
sas—for their verdict; and not having been sub-
mitted, those of them who subsequently did vote
on the 4th of January, having been prevented from
passing upon the merits of the case until then,
were right in treating the proceedings on the 21st
of December as unworthy of notice, insulting,and
a nullity. I submit whether we have not the right,
and whether it is not our duty, to pass upon the
merits of this controversy before we enter final
judgment, and insist that there is not an honest
court of justice in the country which would not,
upon the presentation of the official facts in rela-
tion to the Kansas case, known to us, at least,
order a venire ih )ioro, and a new trial.
Why, sir, suppose I, as the executor of my
father's estate, should commencean action against
you, Mr. Chairman, for $1,000, claimed to be due
the deceased upon a book account. My attorney
has served you with the complaint and summons,
and you inadvertently neglect to answer within
the twenty days allowed in our State, although
you have a good defense, and can prove that in-
stead of being indebted to his estate it is indebted
to you in $500; a judgment by default is entered;
is "there any court of justice that, upon your
swearing to merits, and' giving the most trifling
excuse for your neglect to answer, would not
open the judgment upon the payment of a few
dollars costs, and permit you to defend ? Or take
another case, that of a report made by a referee,
where, before judgment is entered, upon your dis-
co very of new evidence proving fraud, perjury, and
forgery, by which you have been robbed of your
rights, would not the court order a rehearing, and
permit justice to be done between the parties ? If
this be so, and I insist that it is of frequent occur-
rence in courts of justice, why should not this high
court be as fair and just as the ordinary courts of
law, in granting a new trial to the sovereign peo-
ple of Kansas, or a rehearing instead of unjustly
entering up a final judgment, by which the dear-
est rights and liberties of the people of an inchoate
State are to be impaired and destroyed. Besides,
sir, there is a familiar principle of law that fraud
vitiates all contracts; that it may be shown at any
time; and that it renders all contracts,ab initio, not
merely voidable, but absolutely void.
I appeal to my southern brethren to know if
this is the kind of honor that is patented in their
region of the Confederacy. If it is, sir, I have
only to say that the national Democrats of the
North, who have always sustained them in their
constitutional rights, have been deceived upon the
subject of southern magnanimity, fair dealing,
and integrity of character. Upon the subject of
the Lecompton constitution, I stand where the
President stood when he said in the Senate of the
United States, on the 8th day of June, 1844, in the
course of his remarks on the annexationof Texas:
" I care no! what may be their oi game law, if we have eon-
elusive evidence that the whole people who have framed
it, desire to be annexed to the Union."
Mr. Chairman, the President and the South
labor under a delusion in leiation to the settlement,
of this Kansas imbroglio. He has asserted, that, |
if Kansas is admitted as a State under the Le- I
compton constitution, agitation will cease in thirty '
days; and that " he desires to put a stop to agi-
tation upon this subject, which has already occu-
pied too much of the attention of the American
people." Vamhope! and anti-Democrat expres-
sion! Why, sir, agitation will but commence
when you force Kansas fraudulently into tjiis
Union.
In 1348, the Barn-burners, or Free-soilers of
New York, with a mosaic ticket for President
and Vice President and State officers, beat the
national Democracy, who supported Cass and
Butler, nearly twenty thousand votes, by the agi-
tation before the people of that political heresy,
the Wilmot proviso, meanly applied as it was to
the three million bill to enable us to carry on the
war with Mexico. The anti-slavery sentiment
of the North has become a religious sentiment,
and is now particularly powerful, growing out
of the domineering and aggressive spirit of a por-
tion of the South. The State of New York was
carried by the Democrats last fall, because nearly
one hundred thousand citizens, who had the fall
before voted the Republican ticket, remained at
home, induced to do so by the inaugural of Gov-
ernor Y/alker, by the President's instructions to
him, and the telegraphic dispatch to my colleague,
[Mr. Sickles,] that he would not remove the Gov-
ernor for throwing out the Oxford and McGee
frauds, (morally right, buttechnically wrong,) and
to believe that the people of Kansas, under this
Administration, would have fair play, and that the
State would be admitted as a free State under the
auspices of the President, in accordance with the
wishes of a large majority of its people. In my
district alone, nearly six thousand Republicans
did not vote.
Now, force Kansas in as a State under this ob-
noxious Lecompton constitution, and I predict
that the anti-Lecompton party will carry New
York next fall by over fifty thousand majority;
that a majority of the Representatives elected to
Congress next fall will be antt-Locompton; and
that an anti-Lecompton statesman will be the next
President of the United States. Stop agitation
upon this subject by a presidential edict, or by
office-holders crying "peace, be stiil!" Impos-
sible ! When this can be done we shall not be fit
for the liberty we enjoy; and the present Demo-
cratic party will be buried so low -in political in-
famy as to prevent its resurrection by the uifited
efforts of the entire South. Stop that agitation
which demands that popular Sovereignty-Shall
reign omnipoterft in this Republic! Wo,"never!
Sir, it is the child of light; ifgambols on the hill-
tops and in the valleys, throughout our beautiful
country. It is that spirit which lived where a Tell
dwelt; it had a Hampden for a votary; it wrested
magna charta from King John; gave the habeas
corpus act to Britain; and the Declaration of In-
dependence to this country. It has ever been
the life of the Democratic party. Jefferson was
an agitator. Monroe was an agitator, when he
announced the doctrine of " non-interference of
European Powers on this continent"—a sound
doctrine, and one that I hope to see this Admin-
istration enforce. Andrew Jackson was an agi-
tator, and agitated the United Stales Bank out of
existence. We agitated Texas into the Union;
and, by a system of hard agitation, fought " Kan-
sas" and " popular sovereignty" into favor with
the people, and agitated Mr. Buchanan upon it
into the presidential chair. Opposition to agita-
tion is the child of darkness; it was begotten by
a despotism, and fostered by kings and emperors.
It has in Prance established the censorship of the
press, and is used to keep light from the oppressed
people, and them in ignorance. As a Democrat,
! considering how much benefit agitation has con-
i ferred upon the people of this country in the adop-
tion of all the wholesome progressive measures
of the Democratic party, I can •never consent to
oppose agitation, especially when I believe justice
will finally follow right. No, sir, I glory in agL
tation, and am proud of being an agitator against
he Lecompton constitution.
This Administration should be controlled by
principles; not seek to control by patronage. I
honestly believe that, but for patronage, fast be-
coming the bane of the Republic, not ten Demo-
cratic members from the free States would be
i found supporting the Lecompton constitution as
| it has been presented to us. For myself, not being
i one of those who
" crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
i, Wheie thrift may follow fawning,"
i I am irrevocably against it.
The President, in 1844, in his speech on Texas,
\ ' not only occupied the position of favoring the sub-
mission of the constitution to the people, but re-
cently, m his message, promulgated sound doc-
' trines upon this subject, which I am disposed to
, indorse and follow. He says:
! " All were cordiallj united upon the great doctrine of pop-
1 ular'sovereigutv, which is the vital principle of our free m-
,, stitutions. Had it then been insinuated trom any quarter
: that it would be a sufficient compliance with the requisi-
! tions of the oi^-anic law for the members of a convention,
thereafter to be elected, to withhold the question of slavery
1! from the people, and to substitute their own will for that of
i a legally-ascertained majority of all their constituents, this
\ would have been instantly rejected. Evorywheie they rr-
:i mained true to the resolution adopted on a celebrated oeea-
j i sion, recognizing the light of the people of all the Territo-
nes, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the
: legally and fanlv-expressed will of a rnajorit3* of actual res-
'i idents. and whenever the number of their inhabitants jus-
tifies it, to form a constitution, with or without slavery, and
be admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect equality
with other States.
I "I trust, however, the example set by the last Congress
,' requiring that the constitution of Minnesota should be sub-
i' jeoI to the approval and ratification of the people of the pio-
' \ posed State, may be followed on luture occasions. I took
'1 it for gianted that, the convention ot Kansas would act in
accordance with this example, founded a? it is on correct
' pnnciples: and hence mv instructions to Governor Walker,
m favor ot submitting the constitution to the people, weie
L expressed in general and unqualified terms."
': It is true that Florida and Iowa were, Siamese-
twin like, admitted, yoked together; but Florida
■ was not affected by the Missouri compromise,
' and was isothermally adapted for slave labor.
Arkansas and Michigan were admitted after the
,1 same fashion; but Arkansas was also slave terri-
■ tory south of the Missouri line. Neither of these
cases can fairly be quoted as applicable and bind-
i ..ing precedents. By the passage of the Kansas act
the want of unanimity in the admission of new
States was intended to be remedied, and by fixed
pnnciples thereafter, new States were to be formed
,! and admitted pursuant to the mode prescribed m
