1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate &z He. op Reps;
ment; and to restrict their purchase to settlers
alone, would prevent their sale for an indefinite
period, and hold out a standing temptation to
trespass and plunder.
An amendment of the law fixing the maximum
compensation of the registers and receivers, so as
to restrict the payment for any one quarter or
fraction of a quarter to a pro rata allowance, both
for salary and commissions, is approved and rec-
ommended.
Under the bounty land law of 3d March, 1855,
large sums have been received at some of the local
land offices for the location of warrants, and claims
have been presented by several of the officers for
the whole amount of fees collected. The General
Land Office has decided, and the decision has been
sanctioned by the Department, that, in view of
the limitation as to maximum in the act of 20th
April, 1818, and the terms of the second and third
sections of the act of 22d March, 1852, in con-
nection with the act of 1855, there is no author-
ity of law for the allowance of any excess over
the maximum compensation for commissions, as
fixed by said act of 1818.
The act of 12th January, 1825, authorizes re-
payment of purchase money to be made from the
Treasury in all cases of sales of lands made by
the local land officers, where the Government is
unable, from want of title in itself, to issue pat-
ents to the purchasers.
My predecessors have construed this act as pro-
vidingfor repayments in all cases where,from any
cause, the sale could not be confirmed; and the
uniform practice has been in conformity with that
view of the law.
This practice is unquestionably founded in strict
justice, and I have not deemed it best to disturb
it, although inclined to the opinion that a strict
construction of the law would limit its operation
to the class of cases specifically embraced therein.
Should any doubt be entertained of the propriety
of my action in this particular, such amendatory
legislation is respectfully recommended as may
be called for in the premises.
The interesting communication, which accom-
panies this report, of the late Secretary of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, respecting the mineral
resources of that distant Territory, suggests the
propriety of providing for a geological survey
thereof. It is not doubted that vast quantities of
gold and silver, copper, lead, and iron ores are to
be found imbedded m its soil; and their discovery
and development could not fail to conduce to the
public prosperity.
The report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs furnishes an interesting view of a peculiar
people, with whom this Government holds the
most complicated relations.
The members of the Indian tribes within our
limits, while they are not citizens, cannot, with
strict propriety, be termed foreigners. " Do-
mestic dependent nations, their relations to the
United States resemble those of a ward to his
guardian. They look to our Government for pro-
tection, and appeal to it for relief to their wants."
While we negotiate treaties with them, which
are ratified with all the solemnity befitting a con-
tract to which nations are parties, we undertake
to construe and execute their provisions, ac-
knowledging no responsibility but such as we
may owe to truth, honor, ana justice. As the
limits of our civilization have "been extended, the
number of these, children of the forest with whom
our people are brought into immediate contact is
greatly increased. Treaties multiply; rights are
acquired; mutual obligations are assumed; obe-
dience is promised on the one part, protection is
guarantied on the other. The Indian bureau is
grown to be a great foreign office, conducting the
correspondence and adjusting the relations of
more than sixty interior governments; while it is
at the same time charged with the control, regu-
lation, and protection of the rights of the indi-
vidual members of those Governments.
In the performance of these duties questions
are presented of the most difficult character, in
the solution of which it is almost impossible to
arrive at a conclusion which shall reconcile the
necessities of sound policy with the requirements
of the law. The intercourse act of 1834 was
adapted to a condition of affairs which no longer
exists, and it might be judiciously modified. The
wide dissimilarity, too, of the provisions of the
various treaties recently negotiated with the sev-
eral tribes, agreeing, however, in this, that legis-
lation by Congress is made a prerequisite to the
full enjoyment by the Indian of the rights they
were intended to secure to him, furnishes a
weighty reason for the revision and codification
of the laws now in force; and it is to be hoped
that Congress will give its early attention to the
subject, and prescribe, in one comprehensive en-
actment,*a well-considered,compact, and uniform
system of laws for the regulation of Indian in-
tercourse.
The Indian tribes within our limits, numbering
about three hundred and twenty-five thousanH
souls, may be divided into three classes: The
first—wild, roving, fierce, retaining all the tradi-
tionary characteristics which marked the race
before the advent of the white man—eke out by
plunder the uncertain subsistence derived from
the chase. To this class, comprising nearly three
fourths of the whole number, belong most of the
bands whose hunting grounds lie in the interior
of the continent, and in the Territories of Oregon
and Washington. These tribes are controllable
only through their fears. They are, ostensibly, I
our friends, because tliey dare not openly avow
hostility; and this must continue to be the case
as long as they retain their roving habits. The
Indian office is powerless to effect any ameliora-
tion of their condition until they can be induced
to adopt fixed habitations. To the accomplish-
ment of this preliminary step the efforts of the
Indian bureau ate now diiected; and it is hoped
that, with the aid of the military arm of the Gov-
ernment, the system of colonization, which has
elsewhere been so productive of good, may be
successfully applied to these tribes.
The tribes of California, Utah, Texas, New
Mexico, and a portion of those in Oregon, con-
stitute the second class. Some three years since
the policy was adopted of concentrating these
Indians on small reservations, where they might
be practically taught the industrial arts, and la-
bor for their support under the immediate super-
vision of their agent. These establishments are,
in fact, manual-labor schools on a large scale;
and I am gratified to be able to state that the hap-
piest results have followed their introduction.
The two great difficulties to be encountered in
effecting the civilization of the Indian, are his
impatience of restraint and his aversion to labor;
ana these are not to be overcome by abstract
teachings. He must be taught practically, if at all,
the immense superiority of a settled over a rov-
ing life, and the value and dignity of labor. This,
the colonization system appears to be accomplish-
ing, and it is certainly the most effectual and eco-
nomical plan yet devised for his reclamation.
The Indians along the west bank of the Mis-
souri, those of Kansas, and the four great tribes
occupying the territory west of Arkansas, form
a third class, differing in many particulars from
either of the others. Generally true and reliable,
they constitute a people for whom we justly feel
the deepest sympathy and the greatest solicitude.
The degree of civilization to which these tribes
have attained varies greatly in different localities.
Some of them, steeped in ignorance, thoroughly
degraded, seem, in their eontactwith our people,
to have lost, the rude virtues that characterized
them in a savage state, and acquired from civili-
zation only its vices Others have rapidly ad-
vanced, socially, morally, and in the knowledge
of the useful arts, until they have become fit to
be recognized as citizens. Here and there is
found one whose talents, attainments,and integ-
rity, constitute liim an ornament to his race, and, !
while he challenges our admiration and respect,
furnishes practical evidence of the capacity of the !
Indian for high civilization.
When those tribes who once resided east of i
the Mississippi river were induced to leave the j
graves of their fathers and emigrate to the west, i
the Congress of the United States gave them a
solemn pledge that the country where they now
reside should be forever" secured and guarantied"
to them. The westward march of emigration, j
however, has overtaken the Indian, and now ]
begins to press upon him; and it is evident that a 1
critical period in his history has been reached, j
To attempt his removal still further west is im- i
practicable. The country is unsuited to his wants;
it has no sufficient supply of wood or water, and
a removal there would but be the means of hast-
ening on his bitter fate. Where he now is, he
must make a stand and struggle tar existence, or
his doom is sealed. If he cannot adofit the habits,
and rise to the level of his -Write neighbor, he
must pass away; and the necessity of devising
some policy which shall meet the emergency
presses itself upon the Government at this time
with peculiar force. So far as the Indians of the
central and northern superintendencies are con-
cerned, the question is especially embarrassing.
Treaties have, within the last three years, been
negotiated with most of these tribes, by which
their lands, with the exception oi" small reserva-
tions, have been ceded to the United States.
Other treaties' have been made, by which indi-
vidual reservations have been secured, ill the ex-
pectation that the Indian would settle down, each
upon his own farm, and gradually and insensibly
attain the level of his neighbors. Unhappily for
the success of this scheme, an unprecedented tide
of emigration pressed into Kansas and Nebraska.
The fertility of the reservations, greatly enhanced
in value by the rapid settlement of the country,
tempted alike the cupidity of the land speculator
and of a class of settlers by no means punctilious
in thftir respect for the right of th'c Indian. The
result lias been disastrous. Trespassed upon
everywhere, his timber spoiled, himself threat-
ened with personal Violence, fueling unable to cope
With the superiorrace that surrounded and pressed
upon him, the Indian proprietor has become dis-
heartened. Many of them have abandoned their
reserves, and still more desire to sell. These
Indians now ask for patents, as they have a right
to do, for their selections. The treaties vest in
Congress the power of providing for their issu-
ance, " with such guards and restrictions may
seem advisable for their protection therein." There
can be no doubt that our people will succeed in
f fitting possession of these homes of the Indian.
f Congress shall fail to act, and thus open no
door by which the Indians can divest themselves
of their titles, it may be apprehended that un-
scrupulous men will, without law, obtain posses-
sion of their lands for a trifling consideration,
and stand the chances of an ultimate title. The
interest of the reserve requires the passage of a
law regulating the alienation of his right to his
land, and securing him the payment of a fair
equivalent for the same.
For their numbers, the income of most of these
tribes, in the way of annuity, is large; but expe
rienco has shown that the system heretofore pur-
sued, of paying them in money at stated periods,
has been productive of evil rather than good. It
represses industry and self-reliance, it encourages
idleness and extravagance, and draws around them
a swarm of unprincipled traders. In many of the
treaties which have lately been negotiated with
these tribes, this provision has been inserted:
" The object of this instrument being to advance
the interests of said Indians, it is agreed" that
" Congress may hereafter make such provision
by law as experience shall prove to be neces-
sary."
If Congress, in the exercise of this power,
should clothe this Department with some discre-
tion in the payment of annuities, so that the same
could be used as a means of their moral reform
and elevation, instead of the injurious system
now prevailing, of distributing money per capita,
decided advantages may be reasonably antici-
pated.
The plan which has suggested itself as the most
likely to arrest the demoralization now rapidly
increasing, and, at the same time, lay a solid
foundation for their ultimate civilization, maybe
briefly outlined thus:
They should be gathered on smaller reserva-
tions and in denser settlements. They must bo
familiarized with the idea of separate property,
by encouraging them to erect houses as homes
for themselves and their families. For this pur-
pose the reservations should be divided into farms
of suitable size/and distributed among the indi-
viduals of the tribes, to hold, in severalty, as their
separate and private estate, but without the power
of selling, mortgaging, leasing, or in any manner
alienating the same, except to members of the same
