1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
W77
make a State organization for the purpose of be-
ing admitted into the Union. My own individual
opinion is, that if Congress, for any reason of its
own, refuses admission, absolutely and unquali-
fiedly, the organization falls, it being made for a
particular purpose. Suppose you were to take
the'suggestion of thehonorable Senator from Mis-,
sissi^pi, that it becomes a State upon our action:
what then ? He alludes to the fact that the Legis-
lature passes laws which are in force as soon as
we admit the State. The same thing is true of
the election of a Senator. He becomes entitled to
Ins seat the moment we admit the State. [" Let
us vote."] I did not desire or design to detain
the Senate a moment on the subject, but simply
to throw out these remarks; for I rose, as I said,
merely to vindicate my personal friend, a man
who is above reproach.
Mr. HARLAN I should not have said an-
other word were r otfor the expression ofregret
on the part of the Senator from Michigan that I
have called the attention of the Senate to this sub-
ject. I can say to that Senator that it was as
painful to me as it could have possibly been to
him; and there was doubt in my mind in regard
to my duty in the matter; and that my precise
condition may be understood, I will take up the
time of the Senate for a minute to read a paper or
two that have been, by citizens of Iowa, for-
warded to my colleague here, and one of my col-
leagues m the other House, arid by them placed
in my hands. One of them purports to be a peti-
tion of these claimants themselves. They say:
We whose names are hereunto subscribed, being fust
duly sworn each for himself, do say that they wot a settleis
and pieemptois on what was called and known a* the Foit
Crawford ic-ervation. And that we weio icquii«d by the
Hon. II. M. Rica, the aj^nt of the War Depai uncut m the
sale of t^aid land", to pay to hnn the sum ot *1 ">0 p<n acre,
foi om claims, and that in civ.ii instance he would execute
in return a leremt for only '25 pei acre. We a>k that
the e\co:-s paid be letutned to us.
Daicd this 4th day ot Januaiy, anno Domini 18.>S."
That is signed by a long list of parties inter-
ested, and their oaths certified to by a notary pub-
lic, with his seal. There are otheraffidavits here,
or rather copies of them, that have been taken
from papers on file in the Wai Department to the
same effect. As I before remaiked, these settlers
have taken the trouble, and gone to the expense
of sending an agent here for the purpose of seeing
that their interests were propftily represented,
who, after calling together the delegation from
Iowa made o statement of these facts, as I have
represented them to the Senate.
Now, sir, if they be true, I am not willing, as
the representative of a sovereign State of this
Union, to lecognize the Senator elect from Min-
nesota as a peer on this floor. If they be not true,
it is due to him that he be exonerated from the
charges made by my constituents under oath and
in due form. 1 ought to state that 1 have no ac-
quaintance with the Senator elect, have never ex-
changed words with him in any way or at any
place, and know him merely by sight; and no
member of the Senate will rejoice moie than I
shall if, after a proper examination of this subject,
he shall bo able to exonerate himself fully and
completely. I know, too, that that would be the
case with" my honorable colleague in the other
House, who is the immediate Representative of
these constituents of ours.
There are other papers here equally pointed.
One particular claimant represents, that when he
offered to enter his claim he was asked to si£n a
paper, which he supposed to be a formal appli-
cation for leave to enter his claim, but which
turned out to be a quit-claim to a part of the lands
included within the limits of his claim, obtained
from him as he alleges by the hypocrisy ot the
clerk of the agent of the War Department, the
Senator elect here on the floor.
Well, sir, if other mem be is of the Senate feel on
this subject as I do, they would at some proper time
(whether this be the proper time or not) order an
investigation of the facts; and if found to be true,
I feel quite sure they would not willingly sit with
the Senator elect as a peer. It may be that other
members of the Senate regard this subject differ-
ently from myself. I have supposed that when
an agent of the General Government proceeds to
the discharge of his duty as such agent, under the
pay ot the Gencial Government, he has no ris;ht
to extra fees from citizens of the United States tor
Ins services. It is true that a short time since,
when I called the attention of the Senate to a case
somewhat kindred, where deputy surveyors had
received pay from the General Government, as
fixed by law, and had charged and received from
citizens of the United States, in a distant State,
extra compensation, that charge was justified by
their immediate representative on this floor. It
may be that other members of this body may not
look on this subject in the light I do; but if he
viewed itas I do, I am quite sure the Senator from
Michigan could not regret that the investigation
should be demanded by the immediate represent-
atives of the people in interest. These people are
my constituents; they are poor "men; and I know
full well how easy it would be for an agent of this
Government to extort from them money. They
are settlers on the public lands. They frequently
have spent years of hard toil in improving these
lands. The fear of its loss would prompt them,
if required by an agent of this Government, to
pay illegal fees rather than encounter the risk. I
repeat, that if, after an investigation shall be had,
if the Senate see proper to order one, it shall be
shown that the agent was justifiable m doing what
he did, or that these allegations are untrue, and
the Senatorclectshall emerge from this investiga-
tion with a spotless character, 1 will rejoice with
all his fiiends in the result.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I certainly
did not intend to say a word on this subject: but
the Senator from Iowa has repeated again, from
a paper which he holds before him, a charge
against an honorable gentleman, with whom I
have no personal acquaintance. He has paraded
it before the country as if there was really some-
thing in it to affect his personal chaiactcr. Now,
sir, the statement is, a3 he says, signed by some
fifty or one hundred people—I do not know how
many—a large number of persons, that Mr Rjce,
as agent of the War Department, chargcd them
%\ 50 an acre for the land, and give them p. receipt
for §1 25 only.
At first sight this would seem to be an extraor-
dinary proceeding; but if you look upon your
table, at a communication from the War Depart-
ment we had the other day, you will find that Mr.
Rice wrote tu the War Department that he had
done so, and gave the reasons why. The papers
were on our table, and I read them the other day,
as a matter of curiosity. He states that it was
for the purpose of paying certain extra charges—
I do not exactly remember what—in the interest
of the settlers themselves, which they cheerfully
paid over. He did not keep the money. He
charged it, and accounted for it to the War De-
partment; the extra twenty-five cents being for
the purpose of settling up their different claims,
in some way (hat I do not now remember, and
which it is not necessary to specify. It was not
a secret proceeding. It was not a claim of a sum
of money, and giving a receipt for a smaller sum,
and then retaining the surplus or the difference;
but it was taking a receipt for this sum, which he
immediately accounted for at the War Depart-
ment, giving the reason for this course of pro-
ceeding, which was entiiely satisfactory to the
Department.
In relation to this quit-claim matter, there is
also information in that War Department report
which, I think, disposes of that very satisfacto-
rily; but this is not the time for an investigation
into these facts. I merely wish to state to-day,
because these proceedings go before the country,
that this charge against Mr. Rice of receiving
$1 50 an acre, and giving a receipt for $1 25 an
acre, is a charge of a fact which so far from being
denied by him, was done by him, as hesupposed,
with regard to the interests of the settlers, and
immediately reported to the War Department; and
that thetv i^ no suggestion, even on the part of the
veiy parties makmgthis affidavit, that he retained
the difference, but they simply ask that that differ-
ence may be returned to them by the Government.
It is no charge whatever affecting him personally.
The Senator from Towa, I must say, mistook the
suggestion of the Senator from Michigan. No-
body suggested that if these charges were put be-
fore him on oath there was any impropriety m
his bringing them to the notice of the Senate; but,
I think,"all will agree with me that it was unusual,
discourteous, and 1 will even say cruil, to bring
them forward on such an occasion as this.
Air. TOOMBS. J merely wish to say that I
very promptly declined making any argument on
the extraordinary course of the Senator from Iowa.
I considered that the gentleman who has been
clccted by Minnesota needs no vindication from
this charge. If it had been sworn to by all the
constituents of the Senator from Iowa, and backed
by thatSenator himself, I should not hesitate an in-
stant about it; and nobody that knows this gentle-
man would,nor would the country. If hehad these
charges, he should have presented them before
this, or he should have waited and presented them
after this. If his course now grew out of his want
of judgment or want of knowledge of what was
the appropriate time for a Senator and a gentle-
man to act in such a matter, of course, it is his
misfortune. I decline to argue this question until
the Senate shall have acted. Those who are will-
ing that this gentleman shall be their peer, that
he shall stand on this floor ready to meet the Sen-
ator from Iowa on these charges or any other, in
any manner whatever, have a right to insist on
his being sworn; and, therefore, I ask that the
sense of the Senate be taken on that question.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, no acquaint-
ance with the allegations now made in the state-
I ment submitted by the honorable Senator from
| Iowa can influence me at all. I consider that mat-
| ter entirely irrelevant to any duty we have now
; to perform, f think it would be unjust and cruel
I to meet a Senator here, when his admission is pro-
! posed, byan inquiry into alleged facts of this kind.
| If his credentials are in proper form, he has a right
! to be sworn, and then, if there are any charges to
j be made against him, let them be presented when
! he has an opportunity to meet them.
| On the other objection which is made, I had at
j one time doubts whether the Senators from Min-
; nesota would be entitled to seats upon this floor,
1 under their present election, though the State
: might he admitted at this session. I have changed
| the opinion which I formerly expressed on that
j point. I do not doubt still, that only in cases*
! where Congress has given express authority to a
| Territory to form a State government, and acting
| under that express authority a State government
' has been formed, it becomes a State, according to
j the enabling aet, from the hour the State consti-
1 tution is formed under the authority of the act. It
i is not then a State of the Union; but when subso-
| quently the constitution formed under ourauthor-
, ity is presented to Congress, and Congress ad-
!i mits that State into the Union, I can see no pos-
!: sible objection to giving a retroactive effect, so as
l' to give validity to the action of the Legislature
! elected, as if the State were a State of the Union
I. from the time when she became a State by virtue
i; of the act of Congress. I, therefore, am prepared
j, to vote for the admission of the Senator from
j' Minnesota, though the objection I formerly stated
!1 would still exist if there had been no enabling act
- for Minnesota, and thus were-a case like that of
j Tennessee. In that case, without any authority
] whatever, either express or implied, from Con-
i gress, the people of Tennessee formed aState con-
' titutjon and elected a Legislature, which chose
' Senators to this body, and sent them here in the
' year 1796, to take their seats on this floor. They
| appeared and claimed those seats; and even be-
foie Tennessee was admitted as a State the com-
mittee reported that they might be admitted to the
floor of the Senate as spectators. Subsequently,
1 on the morning of the last day of the session, the
State was admitted. Their credentials were then
presented under an election held previous to the
admission of the State; and on their presentation
the Senate decided that those gentlemen were not
entitled to seat*, and they were afterwards re-
' elcctcd by the Legislature of Tennessee, and took
their seats at the next session of Congress. That
was in 1796, the first case that occurred after the
, formation of the Government. Perhaps if that
practice had been extended generally as the rule,
it would have been more in conformity with a
rigid construction of the clause of the Constitu-
■ tion as to the mode of electing: Senators: but to
my mind th-re is a clear distinction between that
case and the case of Minnesota. In the case of
Minnesota we did authorize the formation of a
State government; and we provided that it should
be an inchoate State, not a Stafe of the Union,
from the time of the adoption of the constitution.
The constitution was adopted; an election was
' held under it; a Legislature was chosen; and they
have sent Senators here. 1 think that our sub-
, sequent ratification by the admission of the State
