2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
may, without any violence.to legal principles, be
considered as retroactive, and as giving validity
to the election, although the State was not a State
of the Union at the time it took place.
Mr HARLAN. Mr. President, for the first
time since I have been a member of the Senate, I
allude to personal remarks applied to me by Sen-
ators on this floor. Once or twice previously, in
the discharge of their duties, Senators here have
supposed it to be necessary to pursue a similar
course. I did not then respond, for this consider-
ation: when such remarks proceed from weak
men they are unworthy of response; and they are
never resorted to by strong men without a press-
ing necessity, unless driven to the wall.
Now, sir, when the honorable Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] attributes what I have
done here to mistaken notions of what a true
knowledge of gentility would require, he is wel-
come to his opinion. 1 suppose that, on these sub-
jects, men carry within their own bosoms the
standard by which they measure others. I protest
against the supposition on the part of any mem-
ber of this body that there exists in my mind the
least coloring; of personal feeling or acrimony
against the Senator elect from the new State of
Minnesota. As I before remarked, I have done
what I have from a sense of duty as the represent-
ative of the people of Iowa; and if Senators here
choose to meet me by the application of pcisonal
remaiks derogatory to my character as a gentle-
man, I give tiiem notice now, once for all, that
such replies are, in my judgment, unworthy the
Senate, and will never hereafter be noticed by me.
I am not here to defend my integrity or character
as a man or as a gentleman. I am here on my re-
sponsibility as a representative of a sovereign
State, and shall never stoop to engage in personal
wrangles. I make no personal allusions to others
which I do not believe to be proper in the legm-
* mate discharge of my duties as such represent-
ative. And when Senators suppose that other
motives influence mo, they err greatly. „
The Senator from Louisiana chose to represent
what I had done as cruel, and stated that in the
printed report before the Senate the party was
exonerated from any blame whatever. Well, sir,
the allegations contained in that printed report
are confronted by the sworn statement of citizens
of my State; anil it is this sworn statement of
theirs, with the oral statement of their agent, to
which I have alluded, that I have presented to
the Senate. If the Sormte do notdeem these facts,
if true, worthy of their consideration, so bo it.
Then I shall have discharged my duty as the rep-
resentative of "my constituents ,-md of my State.
1 biing them to the notice of the Senate. I leave
it for more experienced members of this body to
decide for themselves the proper course to be pur-
'sued. Umaybethatl have erred in judgment, and
on that subject I will not confront myself or my
judgment with that of the honoi able Senator from
Georgia. I prefer to confront him with (lie opin-
ion of the late member from South Carolina, the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
whose opinion I before stated.
Mr.PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Iowa when the late Senator from South Car-
olina ever expressed the opinion that, upon the
question of swearing in a Senator elect, we were
to go into allegations against his personal charac-
ter? It is contrary to what I have understood to
be his opinions in such cases.
Mr. HARLAN. Since 1 have been a member
of this body, there have been three contested cases
as to the rights of Senators to scats on this floor.
One was my own; another was that of the honor-
able Senator fiom Illinois; and the third that of
the honorable Senators from Indiana. I will not
now undertake to say in which one of these cases
this opinion was given; but I know there are Sen-
ators around me who remember that this opinion
was expressed by the late chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I remember full well
that the Senator from Ohio, on that occasion, called
in question thecorrectnessofthe opinion. Know-
ing this induced the statement, which I made on
the presentation of these papers, that those learned
in constitutional law had expressed the opinion,
th t m cases of this kind objection ought to be
made when the party presented his credentials,
but that there were others whose opinions were
entitled to respect, who differed; and hence my
doubtas to the proper time to introduce this matter.
As I stated before, I have no motion to make;
I leave it with the Senate. If they suppose that
this is the proper time to order a committee of in-
vestigation, if, indeed, they shall orderone, so be
it. It is for the Senate, not for me, to decide.
Mr. PUGH. I should not say a word if it were
not that the Senator from Iowa has repeated his
assertion. I now recollect perfectly the case to
which he alludes. In the discussion in this body
upon the right of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. TrumbuuJ to his seat, I put the ques-
tion to my honorable friend, the late Senator from
South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,) what he would do
in case a negro were elected to the Senate of the
United States, there being no prohibition in the
Constitution of the United States against it ? He
said he would move to expel him; but I never un-
derstood from him, on that or any other of the
many contested cases in this body which I had
occasion to examine with him, that he supposed
it to be proper, on the presentation of the creden-
tials of a Senator elect, that the Senate should
pause to investigate complaints of private indi-
viduals against him. I protest against it in this
case, as, in my humble judgment, an insult to the
State of Minnesota. She has elected her Senators.
The Senator from Iowa d.oes not vote for them.
If he is disinclined to sit on this floor with any
gentleman whom any other State of this Union
chooses to select as her representative, he has a
very easy remedy; and that is, to vacate his own
seat.
Now, sir, I do not know anything of these
charges; but I say this: the Senator from Minne-
sota—I do not call him the Senator elect; he is a
Senator—has a right to open his mouth, and reply
to these charges, and not be brought up to the bar
of the Senate muzzled, while his own character
is assaulted. I believe he is as much entitled to
his seat to-day as I am, and I shall vote for his
instant admission; and if he is not admitted, I
shall consider that the Senate has cast an insult
on the State of Minnesota.
Mr. BAYARD. The remarks of the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio induce me to state the dis-
tinction which I think exists. There are cases in
which I should be prepared, before the admission
of a Senator, to decide whether he was entitled to
his seat or not. There are cases in which, ac-
cording to the previous action of the Senate, they
would not yield admission to a Senator claiming
a Beat until thuir judgment had passed upon the
question of his right. This is not one of those
cases, I admit. The distinction to me is a very
apparent one. WheneveraSenator presents him-
self with credentials, if there be any fact going to
his right to a seat which you should judicially no-
tice, then you are bound to decide the question
before you admit him; but if it causes any inquiry
which i« subject-matter of proof, and is not mat-
ter which you can judicially notice, then he is en-
titled to his seat under his proper credentials, and
thcinquiiy must come subsequently. On no other
principle can the action of the Senate be sustained
in a case from my own State, where a Senator
was appointed by the Governor after the State
Legislature had met and adjourned; and the Sen-
ate, on objection being made, judicially noticed
the fact that the State Legislature had been m
session, and, of course, that the executive power
of appointment was gone. So m the case of Mr.
Lamnan, of Connecticut, when he presented him-
self under an executive appointment, not for a
broken term, but for the whole term, without the
term having been previously filled, the Senate took
judicial knowledge of the facts, and refused to
admit him to a seat. I think the distinction is a
very apparent one, and whenever such a case
arose, I should hold myself bound to object to the
admission.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Iowa how long he has had these
papers in his possession ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the memorial of the
claimants on these lands was forwarded perhaps
with as much promptitude as the mails could
bring them after their date. I find the date to be
the 4th day of January, 1858.
Mr. BRIGHT. How long since the Senator
received them?
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to state how long,
but I have had them in my possession some days.
Mr. BRIGHT. Has the Senator from Iowa
informed the Senator from Minnesota of the re-
ceipt of those papers, and of the charges contained
in them?
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
think this catechising Senators across the Senate
is cut of order.
Mr. HAPJLAN. I am willing to answer the
question. v/
Mr. HALE. I am not. • V
Mr. BRIGHT. My object in making the in-
quiry was to ascertain whether it could bfc pos-
sible that any gentleman holdingacommission as
aSenatoron this floorcould receive papers contain-
ing charges as grave as those made in the papers
presented against a brother Senator, and conceal
all knowledge of the fact from the party charged
until a period of time like this. I think such con-
duct unprecedented, unparliamentary, and un-
senatorial. If the Senator from Iowa was in
possession of those papers, I submit to the con-
sideration of every Senator whether it was not
proper, whether it was not respectful, whether it
was not due to the gentleman interested, and if he
was not acquainted with him, whether it was notat
least due from him to the friends of the party as-
sailed, that he should have made known the con-
tents of those papers, the character of those
charges, that opportunity of explanation might be
given, if it could be, as I doubt not.it can and will
be in proper time, and thus have avoided so un-
pleasant, and I may add cruel, assault upon the
conduct of a member of this body at a time and
under circumstances so mortifying as the present.
Sir, I indorse every word that has been said by
the Senator from Michigan, and'the Senator from
Mississippi, as to the irreproachable character of
the Senator from Minnesota, and his antecedents
alone should have shielded him from this blow;
but he needs no indorsement from any one where
he is known. His history, as a public man and
as a private citizen, places him above reproach.
I can well imagine how he must feel, assailed in
this surreptitious manner, without even the priv-
ilege of speaking in his own defense. It would
have been much more appropriate, and in much
bettertaste, iftheSenatorfrom Iowahad permitted
the Senator from Minnesota to have been sworn,
that he might have had an opportunity of explain-
ing this matter. Mr. President, I know nothing
of the details of this transaction; but I do know
enough of the character of the gentleman whose
conduct is brought in question, to warrant me
in saying that he will, in due time, explain sat-
isfactorily to the country every charge preferred
against him. I set up his exalted character, as a
private citizen and public man, against the insid-
ious assaults that are paraded here, in the form
of affidavits made by persons whom even the Sen-
ator from Iowa himself seems to know nothing
about, and who may or may not have an existence.
I only rose, sir, for the purpose of expressing
my surprise at the mode and manner of this at-
tack; and of saying that, in due time, I have the
fullest faith that these charges will be met and ex-
plained, and that the Senator from Minnesota will
stand vindicated before the country.
Mr. DAVIS. Whatever may have been the
original merits of the case, I think the side of
cruelty is changed. One after another Senator
rises and assails the Senator from Iowa because
he has presented a case here which his constitu-
ents made it his duty to present. As to whether
he should have done it before the Senator elect
was sworn in or not, is a question which I hold
he had a right to decide for himself. If he con-
sidered the accusation such as disqualified him
for a scat, the Senate being'the judge of the qual-
ification of its own members, he had a right to
i raise that question before the Senator elect was
sworn in. If he preferred to present the question
in that form, rather than to ask after he had been
sworn m that he should be expelled from the
Senate, 1 do not see what right there is to arraign
the Senator from Iowa for the act. A duty was
imposed upon him, and I, for one, cannot sub-
scribe to this general arraignment of the Senator
for the manner in which he has performed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
i seconded that the Hon. Henry M Rice, one of
, the Senators from Minnesota, whose credentials
have been read, be now sworn in as a member
of the Senate. The question is upon that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Rice having
taken ths oath prescribed by law, was admitted
to his seat in the Senate.
