1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*7
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the granite and marble work; the sub-basement
has been finished; and the -contractors are press-
ing forward their operations with a commendable
zeal. This portion of the building will be com-
pleted by the appropriations already made, and
no estimate is now deemed necessary for the im-
• provement and inclosure of the grounds around it.
An extraordinary flood, during the last winter,
swept away several sections of the bridge across
the Potomac. The authorities of the city of
"Washington repaired the breach, and the bridge
has been otherwise placed in such condition as
to make its passage safe. This, however, is a
temporary arrangement, but it is the only one by
which a convenient connection between the city
of Washington and the shore of Virginia can be
had at present. A permanent bridge across the
Potomac is a necessity, and it is for Congress to
determine its location and its character.
The District of Columbia has been set apart
for the capital of the nation, and the relations of
its people to the General Government are alto-
gether anomalous. Without a representative in'
Congress, and with no voice in the election of
their Chief Magistrate, so far as political rights
are concerned its inhabitants occupy the attitude
of a dependent people. But they are, neverthe-
less, American citizens,and, as such, have rights
and interests which are dear to them, to guard
which facilities should be afforded them, as to
every other portion of our fellow-citizens, of
making known their wants, through their own
representative, to the only body clothed with the
authority to^supply them. There can. be no
just reason for the distinction which has here-
tofore prevailed—allowing a Territory, with a
meager population, a delegate upon the floor of
Congress, to make known its requirements and
advocate its interests, and denying the same priv-
ilege to this District, with its seventy-five thou-
sand inhabitants. It would be an act of justice
to provide a seat on the floor of the House of
Representatives for a delegate to be chosen by
the people of the District of Columbia. Such an
arrangement would remove a justground of com-
plaint, that they have no accredited organ by
which their interests can be fairly and favorably
brought to the consideration of Congress.
In the act to incorporate the city of Washing-
ton, passed May 15, 1820, Congress invested the
corporation with full power and authority to "lay
and collect taxes;" "to erectand repair bridges;"
"to open and keep in repair streets, avenues,
lanes, alleys, drains, and sewers, agreeably to the
plan of the city;""to erectlamps, and to occupy
and improve for public purposes, by and with
the consent of the President of the United States,
any part of the public and open spaces and
squares in said city, not interfering with private
rights."
In conferring these powers upon the corpora-
tion, Congress must have acted on the conviction
that it was the duty of the city, and not of the
General Government, to open and repair streets
and avenues, as well as to make the other im-
provements indicated.
It is evident tin* the city gpthorities, acting
tinder the influence of a city constituency familiar
with the localities, and well informed as to the
true interests and'requirements of the people, are
less liable to be misled in such matters by the rep-
resentations of private interests than those whose
attention is chiefly taken up with subjects of more
general concern, and who are not supposed to be
specially interested in the material advancement
of the city.
It seems to be eminently proper, therefore, that
these improvements should be made, in pursuance
of the provisions of the charter, under the direc-
tion of the city authorities; and hence no esti-
mates have been submitted therefor by this De-
partment. Beyond the appropriations made by
Congress for these objects, neither the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings nor the Secretary of
the Interior has been intrusted with this duty.
The law relieves this Department from the obli-
gation, not unfrequently urged, of initiating plans
and suggesting appropriations for the opening,
improvement, and lighting of streets andavenues,
and for the construction of drains and sewers in
the city.
New Series—No. 2.
The Government, however, is a large real-
estate proprietor in the city of Washington; and
provision is made in the charter of incorporation
by which the Commissioner of Public Buildings
is directed to reimburse the corporation a just
proportion of the expense incurred in opening
and improving streets passing through and along
public squares. This expense has been hereto-
fore defrayed out of money arising from the sale
of lots belonging to the Government; but this
resource has now failed us, and an estimate has
been submitted for an appropriation out of the
national Treasury on that account.
The reservations owned by the United States
within the city of Washington require to be im-
proved by the General Government. Much at-
tention has been bestowed upon these during the
last few years, and several of them have been
substantially inclosed and tastefully embellished.
But while much has been accomplished, more re-
mains to be done; and liberal appropriations
might, with propriety, b'e made for the continua-
tion of these improvements whenever the condi-
tion of the Treasury will admit of it.
The grounds around the Capitol are particu-
larly commended to the favorable consideration
of Congress, in the hope that early measures
may be taken to relieve them of their present un-
comely appearance. The time has come when
some plan should be agreed upon for their exten-
sion; but how far they should be extended is a
question to be determined by congressional ac-
tion. i
The auxiliary guard is a police force provided
by the Government for the protection of property
and the preservation of the peace within the city
of Washington. Its members are paid from the
public Treasury, through the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, but derive their appointments
from the Mayor of the city, to whom alone they
are responsible for the faithful discharge of their
duties. It is respectfully recommended that the
law on this subject be so far amended as to re-
quire these appointments, before they can take
effect, to be reported to and approved by some
officer of the Government, either the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings or the Marshal of the
District of Columbia, and to give such officer the
power of removal from office whenever, in his
opinion, the public good may render it neces-
sary.
The reports of the superintendent and board of
visitors of the Government hospital for the insane
accompany this report. The number of patients
in the hospital, July 1,1856, was ninety-three.
During the fiscal year ending June 30; 18.57, fifty-
two were admitted, and thnty-five discharged,
leaving in the institution, at the last-mentioned
date, one hundred and ten, four of whom are in-
dependent or pay patients. This number ex-
ceeds the rated capacity of that part of the build-
ing now completed; but an appropriation has been
made for the construction of the center building
and three sections of the wings, according to the
original plan adopted, which are in process of
erection, and which will be pressed to completion
with all proper dispatch and economy. When
these portions of the building are finished, it is
believed its capacity will be sufficient to meet all
present demands for the accommodation of this
unfortunate class of our people.
The institution is conducted with skill and
fidelity, and reflects credit upon all who are con-
cerned in its management.
At the Inst session of Congress, an act was
passed incorporating the Columbia Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind.
In the charter of incorporation it is made the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior, whenever he is
satisfied that " any deaf and dumb or blind person
of teachable age, properly belonging to this Dis-
trict, is in indigent circumstances, and cannot
command the means to secure an educationto
authorize the said person to enter the said insti-
tution for instruction, and to pay for his or her
maintenance and tuition therein, at the rate of
$150 per annum. In pursuance of this provision
of law, fourteen pupils have been placed in the
institution.
The report of the president of the institution,
which he is required to make annually, is here-
with communicated. It exhibits the institution
in rather a crippled condition. It is in debt, and
it needs more land, better buildings, and a larger
income to pay the teachers. It has fifteen pupilsy
fourteen of which are maintained by the Govern-
ment. The charity is a noble one, but as it is not
a Government institution, it is for Congress to
determine whether further assistance shall be ex-
pended to it.
The report of the inspectors of the penitent
tiary, with the accompanying reports of the war-
den, clerk, physician, matron, and chaplain, are
herewith submitted. They furnish a detailed
account of the administration of the affairs of the
penitentiary for the past year. The views ex-
pressed by the inspectors of the present working
of the penitentiary, and their recommendations
for its future improvement, are approved and
commended to ydur favorable consideration.
The report of the engineer in charge of the
construction of the bridge across the Potomac
at Little Falls, exhibits the progress of that
work, and the probability of its early completion.
There have been unavoidable delays, which are
explained, but the work, when finished, will be
creditable alike to the engineer and the Govern-
ment.
By a joint resolution of the last Congress, tha
duty was devolved upon this Department of dis-
tributing a portion of the journals and congres-
sional documents to the public libraries, &c.,
previously distributed by the Department of
State. As the resolution prescribed no rule by
which the distribution should be made, it i3 pro-
posed to send to each State copies in proportion
to its Federal representation, and the distribution
will be made on that basis, unless Congress shall
otherwise direct. It is respectfully suggested that
a law be passed for the future government of the
Department in reference to this subject.
To this Department belongs the supervision of
the accounts of marshals, district attorneys, and
clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and no other branch of the public
service is encompassed with greater difficulties in
its administration. In some respects advantageous
changes might be made, and additional legislation
is recommended.
By the act of February 28, 1799, fees for ser-
vices rendered by district attorneys in the per-
formance of their duties were specifically pre-
scribed, and in certain districts named an annual
salary was provided, " as a full compensation for
all extra services." All district attorneys, except
the one in southern New York, now draw a sal-
ary, the greater part of them at the rate of, and
none less than, two hundred dollars per annum.
But the repeated applications for compensation
for extra services by these officers is becoming a
serious evil.
Some of the district attorneys assume that they
are under no official obligation to render any ser-
vice for the Government for which no fee is pre-
scribed under existing laws, such as preparing a
case for trial, procuring and examining witnesses,
examining title to property purchased for the use
of the United States; and they insist, as a matter
of equity, if not of strict legal right, that they are
entitled to compensation for all professional ser-
vices, other than those specifically enumerated
in the fee act, notwithstanding they receive a
fixed compensation for all extra services, and the
act itself declares, " no other compensation shall
be taxed or allowed" than the fees therein pre-
scribed.
I recommend an increase of the salaries of the
respective district attorneys, graduated by some
equitable rule, coupled with a provision devolving
upon those officers the duty of faithfully perform-
ing all such services, in the line of their profes-
sion, as should be required of them in every case
in which the interests of the Government are in
any way involved, and declaring that the receipt
of such salary shall operate as a full discharge of
all claim on the part of the recipient for compen-
sation for all services not enumerated in such fee
bill as may at the time be in force.
Experience has demonstrated that a change
may be made with propriety in the law provid-
ing for the appointment of clerks of the several
United States courts.
