2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
from the United States; .we only wish that the same system
winch is applied to othei paitsofthe Union maybe applied
to us. Rut in examining this question, we wish that gen-
tlemen would not make distinctions which will not admit
of a diffeience.
'• The proposed allowance has been called a bounty on
occupation, and is said to be very different from that en-
couiagement which is the incidental result of a general
comiheicial system, but in reality it is no bounty: a bounty
is a grant made without any consideration whatever as
an equivalent; and I have no idea of a bounty which ad-
mits of receiving from the person on whom it is conferred
the amount of what is granted. Wc have imposed a duty
on salt, and thereby draw a certain sum of money from the
fishermen. The drawback is, in all instances, the amount
of the money received. This is all we ask; and we ask it
for a set of men who are as well entitled to the regard of
Government as any other class of citizens."
Such was the idea presented by all the advo-
cates of the act of 1792. I showed furthermore,
by a mathematical demonstration, that upon the
predicate presented by the advocates of that change
of the system from a drawback of duties to the
shipper of the fish to an allowance upon the ton-
nage, the amount received in tonnage allowance
did not exceed the drawback. And yet, notwith-
standing the act itself declares upon its face that
it is a mere commutation and equivalent for the
drawback; notwithstanding the advocates of the
act declared in every speech which they made
that they asked no favors but merely justice, that
they asked no bounty but simply the equivalent
of a drawback, notwithstanding the act was con-
strued so long as it existed as according nothing
more than an equivalent for the diawback so con-
strued by the fishermen themselves, as I showed
in their petitions to Congress; notwithstandingall
this array of facts, notwithstanding the clearest
inductions of moral reasoning and even of dem-
onstrations of mathematics, Senators come here
and tell us that when the system Was changed,
it was intended as bounty. True, the Senator
from Maine who first addressed us [Mr. Hamlin]
said that up to ]813 it was in the nature of a draw-
back or its equivalent, and then the system was
changed. His colleague, [Mr. Fessendkn,] how-
ever, who followed hun, .said llmt the change was
made m the act of 179:2; and the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Sewaud,] who succeeded him,
either because ho was less informed, or because he
was less cautious in his assertions, declared that
bounty had been the invariable policy of the coun-
try. Now, sir, in 1807 the previous acts were
repealed; and what was the language of the re-
pealing act? One section of it will show how
this allowance was construed at that day, how
all previous allowances under the acts of 1792
and of 1797, and of IbOO, weru then construed.
In the second scction of the repealing act it is
provided:
"That fiom and after the 1«-t (lav ofJanuarv next, so much
of any act :is allow* a bounty mi pickled 1Kb m lieu ofiliaw -
back ol the duties on the salt employed in euung the same,
and so much of anv act as m.iUesallowances to the ownets
ami cn*Wh ol fKhms ve-..-eK in li<>u of drawback of the du-
. tie« paid on the .salt used by the same, shall be, and the same
is hereby, repealed."
Up to that period of time, then, you cannot deny
that drawback, oran equivalent for drawback,and
no bounty, was what was designed to be given.
You cannot deny that position unless you impute
to the framcrsand advocates of these laws, to your
predecessors, the Senators and Representatives
from New England in the two Houses of Con-
gress, either ignorance of what they asserted or
deliberate falsehood and fraud. I will show that
such was the factm respect to theactof 1813, and
that if you get the bounty by persuading Sena-
tors that bounty was intended, you do it by bank-
rupting the honest fame of your predecessors on
both floors of Congress; that if you can build up
this bounty by such arguments, it will be upon
the rum of the leputation of the men who framed
the Jaws, because they were cither guilty of dis-
simulation, or the laws were framed as J assert,
merely for the purpose of giving an equivalent for
a drawback, but no bounty.
The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamli.nt,] who
fitst addressed the Senate in opposition to this
bill, said, that while he conceded that up to 1813
the allowance was contingent upon the salt duty,
and was,intended as an equivalent for the salt
duty, yet in 1813 the system waa changed. Here
is what he said:
The last law on the subject, which was passed in 1813,
gave a bounty in word**, and it fixer! it upon the tonnage of
the vc-se!-,and that bounty was regulated aecoidmg to tnc
bize of the vessel. It is true that in tpc same bill <i duty of
twenty cents a. bushel was imposed upon salt? but the fan
interpretation of that act is, that it gave precisely what was
asked."
, Just think of such a construction, Mr. Presi-
dent: <e gave precisely what was asked !,} It im-
putes either a most reckless prodigality on the
part of the framers of this law, or a most laudable
abnegation of self on the part of the advocates of
the fishing bounty, as 1 shall show before I have
concluded. He continues:
" It waste departure from the old rule of making the al-
lowance tjfthe fishermen depend upon the amount of the
duty upon salt. Besides, that same bill also allowed a draw-
back, giving to .the fishermen a drawback and a bounty.
That bill, by its terms,! say, proves clearly an intention to
depart Irom the system which had marked the earlier period
of the Government, when they did what they supposed was
sufficient for the protection of the fishermen. The terms
of that bill are conclusive that Congress designed to depart
fiom the eailier policy of the bill, and to allow a certain
bounty, on which the fishermen might rely. Did Congress,
then, provide, as they did in any other bills, that the
amount the fishermen should receive should depend upon
the amount of salt used? Did they ptovide that tho fKbei-
men should use any quantity of sak? No, «ur. Did they
provide that the sum which the fishermen should receive
should be held in the Treasury until jt was ascertained
what amount of salt they used? No, sir."
Now, sir, take up the act of 1813, and compare
it with the previous legislation, after the tonnage
allowance was adopted, and I challenge Senators
to show any substantial difference in the acts. It
^vill be found that the act of 1813 is a substantial
paraphrase nf the previous legislation upon the
subject. It will be found that itemploys the same
terms in relation to tonnage allowances; that it
gives the same allowance upon tonnage; that it
fixes the same maximum of allowance; that it re-
quires the same division of the allowance between
the owner and the fishermen; that it requires the
j same period of employment at sea; that each act
: fixes, in the first section, the salt duty at twenty
cents; that each bill required vessels of from five
! to twenty tons to land, during fhe season, twelve
quintals of fish for each ton, and that quantity of
fish to be ascertained when dried, and cured fit for
exportation; and that m each the allowance on
tonnage or exported fish bore the same relation to
the salt duty. It is certainly a most violent pre-
sumption that Congress, in reenacting substan-
tially the same law, making the same allowance
upou tonnage, in the same language, and upon the
same terms and conditions, should yet have de-
signed to change the system, should yet have de-
signed to give bounty, and not an equivalent for
drawback. It is very singular that, as in the pre-
vious acts, the salt duty is fixed at twenty cents
in the first section, and the salt duty and the al-
lowances are found together in the same act; it
is very singular that by that act, as by the pre-
vious acts, no allowance was made to the whale
fisheries; and yet Senators will find that in the
report of Mr. JefFcison, as Secretary of State in
1791, he states that the whale fishery, like the -cod
fishery, is a poor business. He says, to u^e his
own language, u that the business, unaided, is a
wretched one;" and he devotes the larger portion
of that report to show the necessity of fostering
the whale fishery as a nursery of seamen, because
it was unable to stand alone, and had never suc-
ceeded without governmental aid in other coun-
tries, And yet Congress did not, in 1792, make
any allowance to that on its tonnage;and it did
not make any allowance in 1813. Why did it not
do so? Because the whale fishermen did not con-
sumo salt; because they did not use salt in curing
fish.
Now, takeup the allowance made under the act
of 1813, and I say it is susceptible of mathemat-
ical demonstration that the allowance was in pro-
portion to the saitduty, and that those who passed
the act designed to give nothing more than the salt
duty. Thus, the allowance on vessels of thirty
' tons and upwards was $4 per ton. On a vessel of
sixty tons, it is true, it would give an excess of
above the aggregate of duties, because the
duty at thirty cents, allowing twelve bushels of
salt to the ton, as they claimed, would have been
$3 60 the ton, which would have made in the ag-
giegate $216; whereas, $4 a ton would be $240.
But when you come to all vessels under that in
amount of tonnage, you find that the allowance
fell short of the duty or drawback. Thus, on
vessels from twenty to thirty tons $2 40 was al-
lowed by that act, which was §1 20 per ton less
than the salt duty, which was then twenty cents
on the weighed bushel of fifty-six pounds, or
thirty cents on the measured bushel. So on ves-
sels of from five to twenty tons the allowance was
but $1 GO, which was $2 less than the salt duty to
the ton.
Thus in the aggregate it would appear that
really less was given in the way of allowance than
would have been received in the way of drawback
Such is the argument that was used as an induce-
ment to Congress to pass this .act of 1813; and to
establish that fact, I call the attention of the Sen-
ate to what was said by Mr. John Reed, of Mas-
sachusetts. Pending this very act, on the 16th of
July, 1813, Mr. Reed said:
"The amendment now under consideration, to the bill
laying a duty of twenty cents per bushel on imported salt,
makes an allowance to vessels engaged in the cod fisheries
under certain limitations and reductions as therein pro-
vided, and also allows a diawback on the exportation of
pickled fish and salted provisions. The allowance and draw-
back above mentioned are intended as an equivalent to the
duty paid on the salt used in curing and preseivmg fish and
meat.
" T would ^tatp to tfiis House that, in the curing and pre-
serving cod fish, great quantities of salt, especially in com-
parison with the value of fish cured and pres-erved, aie ab-
solutely requisite. I believe the remaik equally true, as it
respects pickled fish.
" Tf a duty of twenty cents per bushel be laid on all for-
eign salt, as contemplated by the bill on your table, and the
pioposed amendment should not prevail, this tax would be
oppressive on fishermen beyond all precedent or endurance.
<v I will not for a moment believe any gentleman in this
House, while he complains of burden* about to be laid on
Ins own constituents, almost too heavv to be boine, will
consent to lay burdens one hundred fold heavier on any
portion of the inhabitants of any section of the United
States.
<k Again, by the Constitution we have no powerto tax the
cxpoits of our own country; and by a provision in the bill
on youi table, confonnable to the uniform policy of the coun-
try, when -salt imported k again expoited.a drawback is al-
lowed. 1 fno duty can be laid on our own expoits, and a diaw-
back ol duties paid be al'owed on the exportation of foreign
merchandise, I am unable to perceive any good reason,
founded either m justice oi the fitness of things, why those
who pay the duties on salt necessarily used in preserving fish
and meats should not be entitled to the like advantages on
the expoitation of the *anif\ a«they would have been, ifthe
salt had not been usefully employed. It can certainly be no
objection in the mind of any man that the salt is incorpo-
rated with the fish—a production of {his countiy of i-o little
piotit to the fisheitpan, and so highly advantageous to the
United Stales. The quantity of salt necessaiilv used can
beea-olv ascertained. I do not believe the allowance pio-
posed adequate to the duty on salt which must necessarily
be used."
Again, in 1816, when an attempt was made to
repeal this act of 1S13. I find that the repealing
law being under consideration, Mr. Reed—tho
same man, I suppose—said:
" We ought, a1* far as possible, so to impose taxes as to
operate equally on all, and oppie^ively on none. The high
puce of salt in some places i.-> not owing to the duty, but to
tlje expense of tian-porranon." "■ * * *
" The amount of drawback mentioned bv the honorable
gentleman from North Carolina, I Mr. Stanford,] paid some
y*Mts ago, piobably includes the drawback then allowed on
salted provisions, on winch a diawback is not now allowed.
It not, it has not been proved that the drawback at that
tune exceeded the duty p^iid on salt actually u^«d in the
IKhmios. Tiie ^um of "four dollars ppr ton allowed to fish-
ing vessels which have been employed four months, in lieu
of a diawback, may, in some instances, exceed the duty on
salt uvd ; but I do not believe, on the whole, it is an
equivalent." * * * <.****
We arc told by tha honorable gentleman fiom Virginia
[Mi. Randolph] that he has been informed, by a respect-
aisle and intelligent man, that the fishing business tailed
after the repeal of the salt duty ; that, perhaps, the debenture
: ceitificatc might be veiy convenient for those poor men en-
I gaged in the (l>hencs, to purchase whatever they nngnt need
I foi the vo}age, or lor then families.
! '• In the fh-t place, it is not a fact that, on the whole, the
I fMiencs declined in consequcncc of the lepeal of the salt
I duty."
j I call the attention of Senators to that fact.
! It was stated here the other day, in argument, by
, the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] that
; the cod fishery .declined after the repeal of the
bounty, as he styled it, in 1807, in consequence
of that repeal. Here we find that one of his pred-
ecessors, from the State of Massachusetts, advo-
cating the interests of the cod fisheries, declared
that such was not the fact. He said further:
" Thei e were more vessels engaged in the fishing busi-
ness m ld07 than at anv lotmer peiind.  Since that p^nod,
other causes have destroyed the fisheries. But had tho
horioiable Gentleman been cotrect in his infoimation on the
subject, he himself, in the clo?e of his siatement, offered a
sufficient reason for then decline, to wit: that poor men
onsaged in the fisheries, wanted ready money, which was
obtained bv then debentmes dunng the continuance of the
dutv on salt, and not, as has been intimated, thai the diaw-
back exceeds the dut\. hidced, from what i have been
I able to learn on the subject from men engaged in the busi-
i ikvs, I do not believe the diawback exceeds the duty. I
] beimve tiiose engaged m the fisheries nave paid this ye'ai as
, much duij on halt, over and above the drawback, as faim-
I ers who possess property of equal value."
i Again, in 1827, when a further attempt was
