2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
the protective policy, and the point was, what was
the meaning and extent of that declaration ? As
to the doctrine of a protective policy to the extent
of prohibition, with regard to manufactures of
every description, of all articles that it is possible,
by due protection, to manufacture in thiscountry
even to the extent of an adequate supply for the
wants of the country, no man will have the courage
to stand up here and maintain it; and since I have
been in Congress I have never heard a man bold
enough to advocate such a doctrine as that. Then
what is the doctrine? Why, in the exercise of
the revenue power under the Constitution, is it
judicious and expedient and proper, in laying du-
ties for purposes of revenue, to protcct those arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture, in
regard to which we know that, by reasonable pro-
tection against the cheap labor of foreign coun-
tries in the manufacture of similar articles, we can
supply as good and actually better articles than
could be imported from foreign countries. To that
extent I find that I do not differ from any gentle-
man wh<3 views the doctrine of free trade. But,
sir, I saw, at the last session of Congress, that a
majority of this body were in favor of tiie broad
doctrine of free trade, and were willing, so far as
I could judge from the test of a vote which was
deliberately taken, (not with any great considera-
tion, to be sure, but it was put upon record,) to
abolish all indirect taxation and resort to internal
duties and imposts. I think gentlemen will find
many Senators on this floor to have the boldness
to stand up and protest against that.
I have made these remarks for the purpose of
showing that not only I, but, Ypresume, many
other Senators, are ready to protest against the
statement that there is no-gentleman on this floor
bold enough to advocate a protective policy. On
this occasion, the view which I take of the pro-
priety of our action lias no reference to the ques-
tion of order and constitutional law, though I
concur with the honorable Senatoi from Dela-
ware, that a proposition either to diminish or in-
crease the revenue is not allowable in this body
under the provisions of the Constitution. I think
these propositions to abolish the bounty on the
cod fishery, and to repeal the duty on salt, and
the whole discussion of the subjcct, and the com-
plication in which it has been presented, con-
necting itself as it does with the question of the
protection of domestic products of the country—
agricultural as well as manufacturing—show that
this is not the proper occasion for deciding the
question. I presume it will be admitted by every
gentleman that our tariff requires regulation and
readjustment. That some readjustment, some
new regulations of some sort or other must of
necessity be resorted to, even in order to support
the Government itself, 1 think will be admitted
by every Senator who will examine the subjcct
candidly. Is not this question of the bounty upon
the cod fishery a proper matter to be taken into
consideration when we shall have a general over-
hauling of our tariff and commercial regulations?
Would it not be more fit and proper then than on
the present occasion, at least?
It seems to me in some views of the subject to
be particularly ill-timed to press such a proposi-
tion as this now. It is not.a very great matter, to
be sure; but any gentleman who reflects on the
subject must see that it connects itself more or less
with the general revenue policy of the country, its
domestic protection, its foreign trade, its internal
trade, the protection to the maritime interests of
the country and the military and commercial ma-
rine. There is no one of these topics that you can
separate and divide from the otl crs m such man-
ner that you can say that you see your way clear
as to how the matter ought to be decided. 1 think
this bill ought to be postponed until we have leis-
ure, until the time arrives when the dominant
party in the Senate, if you please, (though I dislike
to speak ofparty,) when thosegcntlemen who have
been in the habitofturning theirattention to these
matters will find it proper and expedient to take
up the general subjects, and to have these points
of policy in relation to fisheries and all others con-
nected with the doctrine of bounty and protection
and drawbacks settled together. They are kindred;
they are cognate questions.
As I have already said, I see strong reasons
why, perhaps, this bounty should erase, although
it mty originally have been founded upon sound
policy, which may have justified its continuance
up to this time; and I would be willing, on a
proper occasion, to give a vote to that effect; but
I am not willing now to take up this isolated point,
connected with the great general policy of protec-
tion and bounties and foreign commerce and do-
mestic commerce, and the maintenance of the
commercial and military marine of the country.
The question of these uncommon and anomalous
allowances to fishermen, it seems to me, would be
properly considered in a general settlement of the
policy of the country in regard to its commerce
and manufactures. If I had any encouragement
for doing so, if I thought it would meet the sense
of the Senate, I would move to postpone this bill
until the next session of Congress at least; for I
see that, from our having decided to adjourn on
the 7th of June, we shall not have time at this
session to give proper consideration to the general
question connected with the rcvenuesof the coun-
try, m regard to the tariff and our internal policy;
and that we shall have to postpone it until the
next session I repeat, if I had sufficient encour-
agement, I would move to postpone the consid-
eration of tins bill until the next session. [$< Try
it."] .1 make the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the first Monday of
December next.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate seems not to be
full, and perhaps we had better adjourn and take
the vote to-mono w, if we can fix an hour, [" Oh
no."] I will not make the motion.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the postponement.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. We have debated this question
four or five times as long as we debated the whole
revision of the tariff, last year, and now we are to
put it off again. I hope^we shall decide it before
we adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. FOLK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator from Virginia
to withdraw his motion foi; the purpose of enab-
ling me to move an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
having been ordered, it requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow the motion to be
withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. I ask the consent of the Senate
to withdraw my motion.
Mr. HALE and others objected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 5, nays 47; as follows:
YRAS—Mobsrs. Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Mason, and
I'earre— f>
N WS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Hell, Benjamin, Biglcr,
Bu^lit, Btodenck, Cameion, Chandler, Cl.u k, Clmjjmaii,
I)j\on, Doobttio, Dinkee, Fesseuden, Fiizpattiek, Foot,
Fosieij (iioeri, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Ilailan,
Houston,Hunter, 1 verson, Johnson of Ai kansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, lun^, Polk, Uiee, Sebastian, Sew-
;ml. Shields, Simmon-!, Shdeli, Sfu.ut, Sumner, Thomson
or' New J ei&ey, Toombs, Tuinibuli, Wade, and Wilson—-17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn;and the ques-
tion rccurrod upon the motion of Mr. Hell to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
the first Monday in December next.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 2G,
nays 2G; as follows;
Y H \S— Mcssis. Allen. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clnik, CimendfMi. Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fe>sen-
den, Foot, Fo-tei. Hale, Hamlin, ilailan, Houston, Knur,
Sevvaid, Shields, Simmons, £>tuait, fc'unmei, Trumbull,
W.ule. and Wil>on—06.
NA YS~Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Hitler, Biictht,Clay,
Oluijjman, D.ivi*, FiUpatnek, Gicen, Gwui, Hammond,
lluiuoi, I\v,i->o.i, John-on of AikatirvV, Johnson of Ten-
!un-c,) Joit^, Ma^on. Pe.oce, I'ulk, Pinrh, Rice, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thomson of New Jen-ey, Toombs, Yulee- 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT voting in the nega-
tive, the motion to postpone was not agreed to;
and the question occurred on the amendment of
Mr. Allrn.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to multiply
words or prolong the decision by debate; I merely
want to save the point. It is a matter of some
importance to us. Certainly the Finance Com-
mittee have been acting for years on the suppo-
sition that we had no right to meddle with the
tariff, either to raise it or to depress it; and we
| founded this action upon the decision in the case
i of the bill which Mr. McDuffie proposed to m-
| troduce. The Committee on Finance, with Mr.
J Evans, of Maine, at its head at that time, reported
that bill back to the Senate, with a resolution that
it was unconstitutional; that it could not originate
in the Senate; and that resolution was sustained,
here by a very large majority, there being only four
in the minority, i believe,also, thatitisaquestion.
. for the Chair, though I do not choose to press that
i point, because there are certain rules of order pre-
scribed in the Constitution; for instance, that in
regard to the yeas and nays. So this is a rule of
order prescribed by the Constitution. I no not
mean to say that the Chair can rule out proposi-
tions because he deems them unconstitutional;
but he can rule out such a proposition as this,
because it is contrary to the rule prescribed by
the Constitution, in regard to the class of bills we
may originate. But, as I said before, my object
was simply to save the question, and I will not
press it here.
Mr. GREEN. I am very well satisfied that it
is nor only constitutional, but in conformity with
the ordinary practice oftheSenate;and I have but
one word to say. I find that Colonel Benton, who
understood parliamentary law, according to the
public judgment of the country, as well as any-
body else, m 1846 made an independent report
to the Senate from a committee, and reported a
bill, which I have in my hand, to repeal the duty
on salt. As to the propriety and necessity of the
proposition, I will only say that salt is a com-
| mon object of consumption for the poor as well
i as the rich; and Mr. Benton's bill was predicated
upon this idea—that abolishing the duty is-not
raising revenue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment now pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, after the
word " salt," to insert, " and sugar."
Mr. YULEE. I propose to amend that amend-
ment, if it be in order to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being an amend-
ment in the second degree, it cannot be amended.
This is an amendment to an amendment, and it
cannot be further amended.
Mr. SLIDELL. Was not the original propo-
sition of the Senator from Rhode Island offered
as an additional section ? If so, it is not exactly
in the character of an amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. I offered it as an additional sec-
tion.
Mr. SLIDELL. Is it not open to amendment
in the second degree?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then 1 will simply give notice
now, that if this amendment be adopted, I shall
move further to extend it to all textile fabrics; and
if it be necessary, I shall vote for abolition of all
custom-houses and all duties on imports.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 think the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island, together with what
has been suggested by the Senator from Illinois,
is sufficient to show the correctness of the posi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia. I do not cure,
nor is it necessary to inquire into the question of
the constitutional right of the Senate to disturb
the revenue laws of the country. It is admitted
that it would not be constitutional to originate
hero a measure to increase the revenue, but it is
argued that this is a proposition to reduce the
revenue, and therefore constitutional. Sir, I care
not to pass upon that question, but I think what wo
have witnessed here is sufficient to satisfy the Sen-
ate that t ho proposition ought not to be entertained.
It is the clear, constitutional province of the other
House, the immediate Representatives of the peo-
,i pie,to propose measures to raise revenue, to defray
the expenses of the Government. Here is a propo-
sition to destroy the revenue; and if the Senate can
!j entertain such a proposition in reference to one par-
ticular item or source of revenue, I agree with the
Senator from Illinois, that the Senate has a right
to entertain it in reference to any other source of
revenue; and thus you claim for the Senate the
right to destroy the revenue entirely—to uproot
its sources; and, as a question between the two
branches of Congress, I think the proposition
ought not to be entertained here. There would
be good ground of complaint on the part of the
House of Representatives, though we might be
