1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
would have been entitled to had he been regularly
discharged.
Mr. KING. I should like to hoar the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr. Polk
on the 1st of February, from which it appears
that the claim is for the pay and bounty alleged
to be due to the petitioner for servicesas a soldier
in the war of 1812. In December, 1812, Mr.
Hunt enlisted atTopsham, Maine, as a private,
in the service of the United States, as a volunteer
for one year, and went, with his company, to
Plattsburg, New York. He remained in the ser-
vice until the 25th September, 1813, when ha re-
enlisted into Captain Buck's company, United
States Army. This enlistment, according to his
own affidavit, and the affidavits of John Dusten
and Daniel G-reenlee, who swear that they were
present at the time of the enlistment and person-
ally cognizant of the fact, was distinctly stated
anil understood at the time to be for " during the
war," and not for " five years." It was, how-
ever, held by the officers to be for five years. He
continued in the service until the 14th September,
1815, when, the war being closed, he claimed that
his term had expired, and requested his discharge,
which he was refused on the ground that the en-
listment was for five years.
Believing, as he says, that he had faithfully
served out his term of enlistment, he left the Army
without-his discharge, and without having re-
ceived either his bounty or any pay for the time
he had served. The accounting officers decided,
on his application for pay, that he had forfeited
all claim on the Government by the act of de-
sertion. He is now in necessitous circumstances,
advanced in years, and deprived of the use of his
hands' by the loss of his fingers; and prays that
Congress will cause his pay and bounty, for ser-
vices rendered in fighting the battles of iiis coun-
try in time of war, to be allowed him. The com-
mitteeare of opinion,from the evidence presented,
that when he enlisted it was his understanding
and intention to enlist for the period of the war,
although, by some error, be was enrolled for five
years That upon the termination of the war and
the restoration of peace to the country, he thought
he had faithfully compiled with his engagement,
and, under that belief, lie left the Army. The
committee do not intend to sanction orexcusethe
course he adopted, but think he should have re-
mained in service until he could have obtained
his regular discharge; still, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the cass, and in view of faithful
services rendered during the war and till some
time after its close, they are of opinion that the
Government ought not to withhold from the old
soldier the small pittance to which his previous
patriotic services had entitled him.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
john b. hand.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill of some half a dozen lines,
for the relief of John 13. Hand.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 13G)
for the relief of the heirs of John R. Hand was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
t'-e of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to them ^1,340.
Mr. KING-. Tlieie is a report, I suppose, in
that case. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Indian AfT-nrs,to whom were referred
the petition and pdut'ia of John 15. Hand, of Mississippi,
la ike tin- following lopoil ■
Mr. Hand became tile purchaser of certain Indian reser-
vaiions under the treaty oi Dancing Kaobu Creek, and paid
to the Indians, aceoiding to conttact. fifty cent;; pel' aeie
lortlie jand so purchased. Ai'envanls, the President of
the United stated (General .Taeit-oa) directed the patents
to be withheld until said Hand should pav ail additional
sum of seventy-five cent, ;kt aire. This "Hand agreed to
. i purchase of
these reservations. To this agent, Hand paid the additional
*eventy-five cents per acre, and Kincannon reported the
payment to the Department. Re failed, however, to ac-
count for the monoy.and subsequently died insolvent The
Depaitment refused to acknowledge the a aluhty of the pay-
ment, and required Hand a«ain to pay seventy-five cents
per acre tor the land, winch ne did, prorating that it was
tn.ju-t. The offici.il conv--D0od<jn"e ^xhmiN {he fact* that
Kincannon was the fluent of the U.wemmont; tint h? re-
ceived the money, a part on the (>th of February,1340, and
the balance oit Use oi Ffh.-uary, !?:-!, arid Ui?t no ob-
jection was made to its reception until March, 1843. Then,
for tiie first time, the Secretary of War notified the agent
that the currency in which the payment was made had de-
preciated, and that the Government would not receive it.
The committee think the last payment was improperly de-
manded, and report a bill for the relief of the petitioner.
An official letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
is appended to this report, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, February 11, 1858.
Sir: Iniespectto the claim of the heirs of John R. Hand,
deceased, to nave refunded to them the sum of one thou-
sand three hundred and forty dollars, ($1,340,) that being
the aggregate amount paid on th«6iln>f February, 1640, and
the Q'M of February, 1841, to Colonel Andrew A. Kincan-
non, commissioner appointed to ceitify Choctaw contracts
for the sale of their reseives under the treaty of 1830, and
which money was never paid into this office by Colonel Kin-
cannon,! have the honoi, in compliance withyourrequest,
to state as follows:
I find, upon examination of the papers in the cases of
il Louie," '-Kashanohla," and "Nahomastubbee"reserves,
under the nineteenth article, and " Hop-can-che-hubbee,"
under the supplement to the above-mentioned treaty, that
Colonel Kincannon acknowledges, m his report and letters,
the reeeipt of the following sums from .Tohn B. Hand, the
then claimant by purchase nom the original giantees, being
the amounts necessary, in addition to the sums satisfactorily
shown to have been paid, to make up the minimum price of
•$1 per acre, viz :
1. For Louie's reserve, in addition to the $240 proved to
have been paid  $160
2. For Kashanohla's leserve, in addition to the $H)0
proved to have been paid  100
3. For Nahomastubbee's reserve, in addition to the
$80 proved to have been paid  120
4. For Ilop-can-ehe hubbee's re<erve, in addition to
the $640 proved to have been paid. *  960
Total g 1,340
This money having been paid in a depreciated currency,
the Secretary of War decided, in March, 1843, that, as a
condition pieeedent to the approval of tho deed;1, the pur-
chasers, oi their assignees, should pay into this otiico, m
specie or Us equivalent, the several sums above named, as
required by Colonel Kincannon under the decision of Presi-
dent Jackson that Choctnw Indian re-ci ve.-s i-hotild not he
sold bploiv the minimum price of £1 ^5 per acre.
To enable the purchaser to comply with this requiiement,
Colonel Kincannon was requested to return tin; monry de-
po itt'd with him to the depositor? ; and on tho Kith oi iVIu<-eh,
1843, he acknowledged the leceipt of the letter commu-
nicating the Secretaiy's decision, proimsinsto attend to the
matter without uuncce&saiy delay; but notwithstanding this*
piomwe, nothing further was ever heard Irom him on the
subject, and it is now understood that he died several 3 ears
ago entirely insolvent.
The hen* of John B. Iland, therefoie, in compliance with
the lequirementsof the Department, paid the*money into
this office, through their attorney, John J. Mellae, Esq"., and
the deeds were appiovcd by the President 011 the Ut of
March, 1815, as follows :
The sale of the northeast and northwest quarter of sec-
tion seventeen, three, fifteen cast, being the land reserved to
Louie, to James B. Trotter.
The sale of Kashanohla's reserve (the southeast quarter
of section six, three, fifteen east,) to Joseph B. Earie and
 Thompson; and
The sale of Nahomastubbee's reserve (the southwest
quarter of section eight, three, fifteen east,) to Joseph Kemp
—the patents, m each case, to issue in the name or names
of the onmnal puichaseis, in trubt for the legal representa-
tives of John B. Hand, deceased.
The sale of Hop-can-che-hubhee's reserve, which was lo-
cated 011 sections seventeen and eighteen,and lots one and
two of section twenty, in township three, of range fifteen
east, to Joseph B. Raile, was also approved on the same day,
with the proviso that the patent should issue to Earle m trust
for the use of the legal lepresentauves of John 15. Hand and
Colonel Alexander Trotter, according to their respective
lecal rights under conveyances from Earle.
The petition of James M. Hand, and the accompanying
papers, aie heiewirh returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES E. MIX,
Jlctmg Commissioner.
Hon. A. G. Brown,
Ci-famiitee oil Indian Affairs, United States Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave notice yesterday that
I would submit a motion this morning that, from
and after to-day, we should have a recess from
four to six o'clock. Since that time I have been
assured, by gentlemen on the other side, that, in
their opinion, it will be unnecessary, and that we
shall be able to get the question next week with-
out it. Certainly, if we can get the question as
early as Thursday of next week, without this
motion, it will be much better for us all; and I
shall be willing to withdraw the motion. If gen-
tlemen on the other side think we can take the
vote by that time, I will withdraw the motion-.
Mr. WADE. I do not know but that tho Sen-
ator alludes to a conversation he had with me on
this subject. X should not wish it to be under-
stood that it was my opinion that wo certainly
could get through, in the ordinary course of de-
bate, perhaps in all next week. I should not
like to say that there was any particular time in
which we should get through. All I would be
willing to promise is this: that I think there is no
disposition upon this side of the House to pro-
long the time unnecessarily. But this question is
deemed ofexceedinggreatimportanceon this side
of the Chamber, and we think we ought to have
a right to debate it the usual time in which de-
bates have generallybeen had here, withoutbeing
crowded particularly into unreasonable hours.
We see no reason for that. No reason lias been
assigned, on the other side, why there is any very
great haste on this subject. We certainly have
not been very diligent this session, so far. I be-
lieve we have never sat here, during this session,
but on one single Friday, but have constantly ad-
journed from Thursday over to Monday. The
exception was on the occasion when the Treasury
note bill was under consideration. On every other
occasion,! believe, we have supposed that we were
not very hard pressed for time to do all the busi-
ness. Now, sir, what is the exigency that de-
mandsany extraordinary exertion on this present
occasion ? This a great question 
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
There is no proposition before the Senate. 1 call
i for the order of the day.
! Mr.SLIDELL. Let us have this motion about
a recess settled
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of order
is well taken. The Chair calls for the special or-
der. There is no proposition before the Senate.
The Chair was indulging remarks because no
Senator objected to them.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to prolong any ar-
gument. 1 only wish to set myself rightas to the
conversation I had with the gentleman from Vir-
!' gmia. I should not like to say on what particular
jj lime tiie'question can be had. I can say for my-
ij self that I claim the right to speak in behalf of the
j: people of Ohio on this Soor upon this question,
and I claim, too, that I ought to have the same
i right to do it at a seasonable hour that other
gentlemen have had; and that we ought not to be
crowded into an unreasonable hour. If there was
any particular exigency that required it, I should
yield to any reason that could be urged; but I see
none. I propose to spend, however, only a very
little time on the question myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls for
the special order, which is the bill for the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, a constitution and
State government have been formed in the Terri-
tory of Kansas; and Kansas having tendered us
her constitution, asks admission into the Union.
The birth of a new State into the great Amer-
ican family is an event of profound concern, not
merely to the patriot statesman, but to every re-
flecting mind in the nation. But there are good
reasons, sir, why I, as one of the Senators from
Missouri, should feel a special interest in the ad-
mission of Kansas. She, as well as my own State,
is a part of that Louisiana ceded by Prance to the
United States. The treaty of cession guaranties
to Kansas, as well as to Missouri and the other
States to be formed out of that territory, admission
into the Union on an equal footing with the origi-
nal States. Kansas is in the nearest neighborhood
of my own Missouri, stretching for the whole
length of her eastern boundary coterminously
with the western limit of Missouri, and separated
from her, by only an imaginary line, from the Mis-
souri river on the north to her uttermost southern
extremity. Are there any good reasons why we
should notadmither? If so, what are they ? Has
she not the requisite population ? All concede that
she has. No one raises an objection on this
ground. Do not her people desire to be admitted ?
There can be as little question on this point. No
party, and as far as I know, no person, in Kan-
sas has opposed her admission, for the reason
that the people prefer that she should continue to
occupy a territorial condition. Even the disor-
ganizes there, the opponents of the party who
favor the constitution now before Congress, the
opponents of order and of law, and of the Demo-
cratic party, had themselves, before the Kansas
constitutional convention assembled at Lecomp-
