1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
It has been the policy and the practice, since the
organization of ttio Government, to allow revenue
measures to originate in the House of Represent-
atives without raising the point suggested here to-
day. I trust this.proposition will be voted down.
Mr. HAMLIN. Th is is a question of very
great importance, and we ought to settle it wisely.
I think v/e ought to settle it with more wisdom
than this late hour of the day will allow us to do.
If we shall adjourn now and come back here to-
morrow, sweetened with a little Louisiana sugar,
we may then go over some of the Pennsylvania
railroad iron. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I must express my deep sym-
pathy with the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania *
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair is
obliged to interrupt the Senator. There is a mo-
tion to adjourn pending.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will withdraw the motion
if the Senator will renew it.
Mr. SEWARD. I will do so. I must express
my profound sympathy with the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
What is the question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Illinois to the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the Senator from New
York speaking to that amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to speak to that
amendment; and I begin by saying that I must
express my profound sympathy with my friend
from Pennsylvania that he sat here a fortnight
and saw the protection withdrawn from the fish
ing interest, the great interest of the mirth-eastern
States, that he s.u here silent when the proposi-
tion was made to withdiaw protection from the
manufacture of salt, and that lie comes at Inst to
the rescue of protection when sugar is in danger.
It shows that, " where the treasure is, there the
heart is also." Mr. President, I am opposed to
altering the tariff that we made last year; 1 am
opposed to reducing the duty on salt; I am op-
posed to disturbing that general arrangement,
which was the best we could arrive at, not perfect
in alt things; but if this business is to be earned
on of striking down the inteiusts of the country,
one by one, I am now prepared to vote for abol-
ishing the duty on sugar, which stands on pre-
cisely the same ground as the proposition to'abol-
ish the duty on salt. Both are necessaries of life;
both are for the poor and rich alike 
Mr. BELL, Mr. HAMLIN, and others. And
then iron.
Mr. SEWARD. And if the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee will stand up, I will go with
lum for considering the question of iron too. I
have as little interest as any other in either.
Mr. BSGLEll. I am much indebted 
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me. 1 received the iioor on condition that
I should move an adjournment; but I will now
waive it, as it is due to the honorable Senator ftom
Pennsylvania that we should hear him.
Mr. BIGLER. I am much indebted to the
honorable Senator from New \ork for his sym-
pathy 
Mr. WILSON. I object to any arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiom
Pennsylvania is upon the floor on this amend-
ment.
Mr. BIGLER. I believe I have the floor. I
was about to lemark that I was thankful to the
honorable Senator fiom New oik for his sym-
pathy; but I am sorry he did not reserve that
sympathy until I need- d it more than I do on the
present occasion. 1 am not willing to be arraigned
by the Senator from New York, or any other
member of this body, on an alk gallon that I have
sat here silent, and allowed a great interest to be
assailed, and then interpose when an interest
v. hich he supposes I feel a more direct cancel n in,
is attacked. Why, sir, I did not say one word
about the protection of any interest. I did not
raise or disuiss that question. I raised the ques-
tion of the propriety of entertaining a proposition
to distutb the revenue laws, a proposition which,
in its effect, withholds revenue from the Treasury
at the moment we need it. Why, sir, the bill to
withdraw the bounties from the iishenes was just
the converse of that proposition. That was a
proposition to save revenue.
Now, I understand the Senator perfectly well.
I have never been able to see the analogy between
the iron interest and this fishing interest. The
iron interest pays its revenue; there is a duty on
iron for revenue purposes; but just the reverse is
the case with regard to this fishing interest. It
absorbs revenue. The Senator, too, is totally
mistaken as to my action on the subject. Why,
sir, the first word I ever said, was to interpose
against the adoption of this proposition. I do not
know, I am not aware of any vote being taken
iieie on the subject of duty upon salt. I think
the Senator from New York has mistaken the
question as it stood before us.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the honor-
able Senator to say that the original bill to which
this amendment is moved is a bill to save revenue,
and that the amendments are propositions, not to
save revenue, buttoprevent-the raising of revenue.
They are propositions to save taxation, in other
words. Well, if this constitutional objection ap-
plies to the amendments, it applies with gieater
force to the original bill, for that puts money into
the Treasury or keeps it in the Treasury, saves
the revenue, increases the amount, and therefore,
as a matter of course, increases the burden of tax-
ation. But the amendment is directly the con-
trary. So if there is any force in the Senator's
argument, it is against the original bill.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 do not pretend to reply to the
Senator from Wisconsin, except to say that he is
mistaken in his views. The original bill has no
connection whatever with the revenue laws; the
fishing bounty is paid out of the Treasury without
any connection with the sources of the revenue.
The amendment which proposes to lelease the
duty on salt is a proposition to take money out
of the Treasury, or to lessen the revenues just to
the extent that the receipts accumulate from that
source, which the Senator from New Yoik esti-
mates at some five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. ALLEN. So far from reducing the rev-
enue, it makes a saving to the Government of
$:200,090. The Government paid out, in the last
two years, $>700,000 for fishing bounties and di aw-
back on the expoitation of fish, and received m
duties on salt about ^500,000. This proposition
to take off the duty on salt leaves a balance in
favor of the Government of $200,000.
Mr. BIGLER. I got the floor from the Sena-
tor from New York with the understanding that
1 would move an adjournment. I therefore make
that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope my colleague will
withdraw the motion for a minute.
Several Senators. Oh no; let us adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I desne only to say a word
in vindication 
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire only to say a word
in vindication of my colleague, and I think in
justice to him and myself 1 should be permitted
to say that word, for you know I do not often oc-
cupy much of the time of the Senate. It is that
I am satisfied he is acting in accordance with his
well known principles. He is, I believe, a free-
trade man, if I can judge him from his acts. I
remember that at the close of the last scssum the
reduction of duty on our great staple, iron, was
made, if not by his motion, at least by his vote.
He agreed to it, and was peifectly satisfied with
it. The result has been to break up eveiy iron
master in Pennsylvania who had not an immense
fortune beyond his business in trade. Every man
who was at ail indebted m his business lias been
destroyed. The iron business of Pennsylvania,
about which gentlemen speak here, is no longer
an interest. No man, unless lie has a fortune that
he has inherited or obtained from sources beyond
his business, is capable of conducting a furnace
for a day.
It m<iy be the policy of my colleague, and it
may, perhaps, be a wise one, to break down all
these interests, so that after a wh :Ie we shall stand
upon a common level when we shall be compelled
again to return to that protective Amencan policy
which our fathers instituted, and which took care
of the country. If we were to destroy the duty
on salt now, as proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island, I believe after a little wade the salt
interests would help the iron niteiesis; and if we
take oil the sugar duty from gentiemen down m
j Louisiana, I think after a while they will come to
j our ground; and if we should repeal the law re-
| turning fugitive slaves, all the gentlemen in the
| " nigger" interest would soon help us to take care
| of our iron. So if you run around all these in-
| terests and strike them down, when we are all so
i low down together that we cannot take care of
| ourselves, we shall begin to' feel as members of
I the same great country ought to feel, each one
j willing to serve the other.
j I thought this statement was due to my col-
; league. I thought it was due to him, coming from
I my own State, that 1 should make this explana-
■ tion.
| Mr. EIGLER. Perhaps I could afford to allow
the remarks-of my colleague to pass unnoticed;
perhaps it would be wiser to do so; but, sir, it is
only a few days since, when, under very peculiar
circumstances, after I had excluded myself from
an opportunity of replying to that honorable gen-
tleman, he saw proper on the Kansas question to
indulge in strictures which were at least m bad
temper. Now, sir, I have no ambition, in the
way of•conflict with my colleague, or any other
member of the Senate. I have no disposition to
complain of his official action here, or to criticise
it. My colleague seems to have a different incli-
nation, and the other day in very summary terms
passed judgment on my action. To-day he sees
proper to do the same thing.
Sir, I can tell him that 1 will account for my
conduct here, and I ask no defense at his hands,
no explanations, and no apologies. I will meet
my constituents; and E think I am as likely to
stand the test before them with my opinions, as
he is with his. At least, in the past, the views
which I entertain have been more approved by
that people.
Now. sir, it would require entirely too much
time to define my views on the general system of
revenue and incidental protection. In the sense
in which my colleague understands free trade,
and with the applications he intends to make, I
think I am safe in saying that the remark is not
a just one; 1 am not in that sense a free-trade man.
j( I have been the advocate of a tariff for revenue
purposes, with incidental protection to our man-
ufacturing interests. 1 have not been averse to
;■ a measure of discrimination in that application,
'i But, SLr, as for the broad allegation that I was
s; a leading instrument here m changing the tariff
'; in the last Congress, I suggest whether honorable
:j Senators, who were then my associates here, are
j; prepared to make that allegation? It is true that
,i I voted for the bill as it passed; but the honorable
i; Senator from Virginia [Mr. IIuNrER.] will remem-
ji ber how diligently I endeavored to advance the
s; rate of duty upon the great staple to which my
" colleague has referred—that of iron. I think I had
j. some agency in securing to it a larger measure of
i' protection, if you may call it protection, than it
would have received under other circumstances.
But the Senator thinks my action here has
struck down ail these great manufacturing inter-
ests; that the reduction of the tariff of last session
has led to these consequences. Sir, this is not the
time—for I know the Senate is anxious to adjourn
—to go into that examination; but I merely wish
to declare that no statesman who has iclleciod
unon the subject, no man who has been observing
for yeais the course of financial events in this
country and throughout the world, as my col-
league has been, can seriously allege that what we
have witnessed in the way of financial and com-
mercial revulsion has resulted from the change
of the tarnl by the last Congress. The proposi-
tion is absurd'. There is no act of Congiess that
produced a financial revulsion throughout the
world; no act of Congress that produced the pros-
Udtion of the manufacturing interests m this coun-
try. It was a revulsion which we have always
seen follow a reckless and unguarded expansion
of credit in this country.
I wish my honorable colleague was as sound
on another great question that underlies all this,
and that is the question ot currency. Ihere is
the basis of this fluctuation and this sudden pros-
tration of which my colleague spoke. It is our
inflated system of paper money that begets un-
guarded expansion and leads men to attempten-
terpnses without real capital. Suddenly the re-
vulsion comes, and we are told it is the tariff. I
have heard this ever since I came into political
life. My honorable colleague is an able and act-
