1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
which knows neither mercy nor compassion, pre-
sumes that every officer has faithfully discharged
his legal duty. Would the Senator have had the
first Legislature create these offices and leave them
without incumbents until a popular election could
be held ? On the contrary, it was clearly their duty
to have filled them,as they did. But, sir, before
the election of delegates to the constitutional con-
vention,and at the very next Legislature after the
first, and at the very earliest moment at which it
could be done, these offices were made elective by
the people.
Mr. President, almost every gentleman who has
either'spoken or written in opposition to the ad- j
mission of Kansas on the Lecompton constitu- |
tion, both in and out of the Senate, and including j
both the actual Governor Walker and the acting j
Governor Stanton, seems to have labored to pro- [
duce the false impression that about half of the i
legal voters in Kansas were disfranchised, and not
allowed to vote for delegates to the convention for
wantof aregistration of their names. When this
had been substantially affirmed, on a former occa-
sion, in the course of the debate on Kansas affairs,
and when a semblance of verity had been assumed
for it, by quoting the declaration of Governor
Walker, anu asserting that it had not been denied,
I then took occasion to dissipate the untruthful
inference by proving that the statement had been
denied by gentlemen of respectability, both in the
Territory and out of it; and among them, two of
the members of the Lecompton convention itself,
and also the Democratic candidate for Governor at
the late election for State officers. And when that
statementoffacts presented by mehad swept from
under him the foundation upon which he had built
up a charge of fraud in the election of members to
the constitutional convention, the Senator from
Michigan said that " there was but one reason
for requiring a registration of voters in'the flec-
tion of the members of that coin ention, and that ; judge of probate, being an Abolitionist, refused to
tion purposes, I have been able to get access to
the laws of Kansas. And I find that that state-
ment—that "newspaperextract"—is in the very
words of the thirty-fourth section of the act of
20th February, 1857, which is as follows:
ei The counties of Weller and Richardson arc hereby at-
tached to the county of Shawnee.
"The counties of Madison, Butler, and Wise, are hereby
attached to the county of Breckinndge.
The county of Coffee 13 hereby attached to the county
of Anderson.
" The county of McGee is hereby attached to tiie county .
of Bourbon. I
"The counties of Greenwood, Hunter, Dorr, Wilson,
Woodson, and Godfrey, are hereby attached to the county
of Allen,
" The county of Brown is hereby attached to the county
of Doniphan.
" The county of Davis is hereby attached to the county
of Riley."—Jlds of Kansas Territory, 1855, p. 183, sec. 34.
But, sir, if we look at one of the exhibits ac-
companying the report of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, we find that the Territory of Kansas was !
divided, for the purpose of this election, into \
eighteen districts. What else do we find ? Why, ;
that of these eighteen districts, there were only '
four in which there were no returns of the enu- j
meration of voters. There were returns from j
every other district. Wc further find, that there !
were twenty-one counties represented; so that it
took the whole number of the counties unrepre- I
sented to constitute four out of the eighteen elec- <,
tion districts. Of course the population of these ,
counties must have been exceedingly sparse. The j
fact is, that three of them, as has been already j
said—Clay, Dickinson, and Washington—are :|
without inhabitants down to this present speak- !
ing. The four most populous of these counties (
were Anderson, Allen, Franklin, and Breckin- .
ridge. lu the three first named, the rebellious ;
Abolitionists prevented the census being taken !
by force and threats; and in Breckinridge, the i
was, that under a show of fairness they might de
fraud the people, and the result had justified the
prediction.'' And yet he admitted that the Kan-
sas Legislature had taken the piovisions of the
Toombs'bill, and conceded that the provisions
of that biil were wise and good. To show I do
not misrepresent him, I read the paragraph of his
speech on this point:
'Itwa^ perfectly clear tome that that Legislature had
execute the law. Anderson and Franklin sever-
ally constituted each one election district. This
1 disposes of two out of four of the districts un-
■ represented; and as to the two others, it is suffi- ,
cient to say that, to the county of Breckinridge,
'•\ where an Abolitionist probate judge refused to
' act, were attached, for election purposes, the
i counties of Madison, Butler, and Wise; and to '
the county of Allen, in which Passmore Williams,
u ken the provisions of the Toombs" b.ii, whiUi was to be i i the judge of probate, was not allowed to take the
ok«.„.,.,1 hvm-n jinnnintpil hv.hn n„d mnfmm,,! !| cens„g) but driven out by the Abolitionists, were
I attached the counties of Greenwood, Hunter,
[ Dorn, Wilson, Woodson, and Godfrey. What,
i) then, becomes of the assumpton that half of the
voters of the Territory were disfranchised, and
that by no act or default of their own ?
It has been moreover said that this first elec-
tion of a Legislature in Kansas was carried by
illegal means—by frauds and violence—and that
consequently that body was an illegal body. He
who makes such an assertion ought to stand
!| ready and able to prove it. The proof has not
'! yet been produced. Can it be produced? I main-
ji tain that it cannot bo. By the organic act, the
 ; Governor was empowered to declare who was
|| piloted, and to give certificates of election. Ac-
cordingly, he gave certificates to seventeen out of
executed by men appointed bvthe PiPMdrnt and contained
by the Senate of the United States whose character should
bfts>uch as to secure an honest exerc^e of its provisions, and
the provisions of that bill were designed for the puipose of
excluding all who werenotactual inhabitants and icsidents
of the Territory."'
Indeed, so highly did the Senator think of the
excellence of that bill that he voted for it here m
his place. I wonder if he then thought that the
provisions of that bill might be used " to defraud
the people." I wonder if the same provisions that
w^re wis« and good in the Toombs1 bill can be
any less so in the act of the Ka.ns.iy Legislature.
L read another extract:
•' But, air, there ik an additional fa^watod in that news-
paper e.\tract which goes to show either that those gentle-
men did not understand the subject, or did not intend tanlv
to present it. It is tins : that if anybody was aggrieved m
that Temtory they could apply to the Governor tor redress,
in repnd to the registration of votes. There Knot a single twenty-six members of the House, and refused
th.e lavv t,K,t V"vl'r "'!° llc5:  nl!> :! them to nine. Of the members to the Council,
he declared nine elected, and refused certificates
and in* had no more power to act in that eate than I had "
This is strong language—strong assertion— ,
Mr. President.
Let me now call the attention of the Senate to ,
the provisions of that law. Its second section is
as follows:
In ease of any vacancy mthe office of thoiiiT, the duties
imposed on such sheiitf bv this actshail devolve upon, and
be perfoimed by, the judge of the probate court of the county :
in wluch Mich vacancy may exi&t, who may appoint dep-
uties, not to exceed one in each municipal towiMnp; and '
in ca-se the office of both sheriff and probate judge m any i
county shall be or become vacant, the Governor thall ap- i
point some competent resident ot such county to perfonn j
siieb duly, who shall have the same right to appoint depu- ;
tit--\, take and subscribe the same oath, and pprfoira all the
icquiremeuts of this art, as applied to sheriffs."
qu
letter
extract
tor's asseveration?
Let me here say, Mr. President, that since I
rear] the statement in question, in regard to the
fifteen counties in Kansas Territory attached to
other counties for civil, and, of course, for elcc-
to four. A new election was ordered by the Gov- -
crnor to fill these vacancies; and two of the mem-
bers of the House and two of the Council, whose
election had been set aside by the Governor, were
reelected by the people, and he gave them their
certificates. There were seven contested cases in
the House, and two in the Council. All of the
members, both of the Council and the House,
attended at the time and place of the meeting of
the Legislature. The two Houses passed on the
(questions of the contested seats in them respect-
ively. They were the sole judges of the election
and qualifications of the members of their respect-
ive bodies: and from their decision there was no
ingly it was submitted to and acqu:
by the Governor and the contestants. The ques-
tion, therefore, is forever closed, and itis too late
to attempt to except to what has been done. But,
sir, who ever heard of one legislative body claim-
ing the power of passing on the election and qual-
ifications of the members of another one? To my
mind, the assumption of such a powerisamon-
strous proposition. What right has Congress to
pass upon the election or qualification of the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Kansas ? None in prin-
ciple, none in parliamentary law, none in the act
organizing the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. President, I have looked into the volum-
inous House document that has been referred to
in this debate, containing the evidence^ taken by
the committee raised to investigate Kansas af-
fairs. The census was completed in February,a
month before the election. There were 2,905 le-
gal voters registered. From the southern States
there were 1,670, and from the northern 1,0X8,
and from other countries 217; there was a major-
ity, therefore, from the southern States, over and.
above those from the northern States, of 652, and
over and above all other voters, of 435. The men
from the southern States had the numbers, there-
fore, of registered voters in the Territory to carry
this first election over all opposition and combi-
nations.
Again, there were fourteen representative dis-
tricts. In eleven of these, there were majorities
i of registered voters from the South, and major-
I ities from the North in only three. And the ma-
1 joritiesof the voters from the South in these eleven
districts would give twenty-one members, while
! the majorities from the North in the remaining
i three would only give five members.
1 There were ten Council districts. Of these,
there were majorities from the southern States
in eight, while there were majorities from the
northern in only two. And the majorities from
the South in these eight Council districts would
give ten out of the thirteen members of the Coun-
cil, leaving only three for the North. I cannot
take time, Mr. President, to make this demon-
stration more full. For a complete analysis of all
the facts of this first territorial election, I refer to
the masterly expose of the whole subject by the
Hon. A. EI. Stephens, made in the other end of
the Capitol, on the 31st of July, 3S56.
In such a condition of things, why talk of Mis-
sourians going over to Kansas in order to vote and
carry this election? Sir, there was no necessity
for any such thing. It would have been a work
of absolute supererogation. There were pro-sla-
very mon enough there already to carry the elec-
tion overwhelmingly.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
admitted that the Missourians did not resort to
fraud to carry the election. Rut he said that they
inarched over as an invading army and took pos-
session of the polls, and so usurped the govern-
ment of the Territory. And this has been re-
peated §o often, and m so many forms of expres-
sion, that it would seem that Senators think to
practice upon the credulity of the country, and to
compel credence by pertinacious reiteration—
vainly dreaming that falsities may be made to
pass for truths by plausible and unceasing repeti-
tions of them.
A sufficient and conclusive answer to all such
charges, for all time to come, is the simple state-
ment of the fact that there was no necessity for
any such action; for the pro-slavery party, as it
has been called, had already a controlling majority
of the voters of the Territory.
But, sir, I make bold to assert that there can be
no proof adduced to make good the chatges. In
the mass of evidence taken by the House com-
mittee, in 1856, there is not a single witness who
swears that a single voter, in any single precinct,
in any single representative or council district, was
prevented from voting by any single Missourian,
or any number of them. They were there with
arms, it was said; but they made no aggression or
; attack upon anybody. It was strikingly a peaceful
j election—not interrupted by fights or violence.
i 1 n that respect it contrasted weft with similar oc-
casions m some of the oldest of the States in the
^ Union. The electors may have been at the polls,
■' in some instances, in their wagons and with their
, r*iles,^ their insepctiuble companions. To the mer-
I cenaries sent out by emigrant aid corporations,
! from the cellars and alms-houses and tombs of
the great New England cities, this may have
ij seemed strange and even alarming; but to those
|i accustomed to frontier life, in anew country, it is
|; known to be common and habitual.
I propose, Mr. President, to examine for a mo-
ment, the circumstancos attending the Uection of
