1837.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
mento, around by San Francisco and the coast,
to San Pedro, instead of east by Carson's Valley
to Salt Lake, and that he should be paid also for
carrying the Independence mail that way, when
the records and correspondence of the Depart-
ment show that the change in the route was per-
mitted at the claimant's own instance and request,
and not forced upon him by an order or wish even
of the Department. The pro rata allowance for
this change alone, it will be observed, is $21,794 62.
The act further directed that he should be paid pro
r-ata for carrying the eastern mail for Salt Lake,
sent round by the isthmus to California; whereas,
by the contract itself, and the usage of the De-
partment in all such cases, he was bound, as a
contractor, to carry the mails of the United States,
from whatever quarter they might be sent to his
line. The principal difficulty in the case, how-
ever, was in deciding on the true intent and mean-
in" of the act in requiring him to be paid pro rata.
Pro rata, or in proportion, to what? The first
contract was to carry the mail at §14,000, and the
second at $12,500 per annum. Congress, how-
ever, in the very act which granted htm this pro
rata relief, raised these prices up to $30,000 per
annum. Now, in making the estimate required
by Congress, should the basis of calculation be a
pro rata on the #14,000 and the $12,500 contracts,
or on the $30,000? The Department could find
nothing in the act throwing light on this subject,
and therefore made the calculation on the contract
or lowest basis, instead of the $30,000 basis. In
doing so, the Department has gone on the princi-
ple that, in every case of doubt in a matter of this
kind, the Government was entitled to the benefit
of that doubt, until Congress, by some new enact-
ment, should remove it.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE TO CALIFORNIA.
In order to carry into effect the act of Congress
approved the 3d of March, 1857, relative to the
overland mail to California, the Department is-
sued the following notice, and caused the same to
be regularly advertised according to law:
u Post Office Department,
20, 1857.
"An act of Congress, approved 3d March, 1837, making
appropi laiions foi the  ei vieu ot the Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending 3*Jth Juno, 1858, piovides :
"'Sec. 10. Tliat the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, authorized to contract for the conveyance of the
entiie lettci mail from sue* point on the Mississippuiver as
thp contractors may seloct to San Francisco, in the State
of California, for six years, at a cost not exceeding $300,000
per annum for semi-monthly, .$450,0U0 foi weekly, or
$600,000 lor semi-weekly -jeivice, to be performed {semi-
monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at the option of the Post-
master Genera!.
" ' Sec. 11. That the contract shall require the service to ,
be performed with good four-horse coaches or spriug wag- 1
oris, suitable for the conveyance of passengers as well as |
the safety and security of the nuttls.
"'Set.-. 13- That the contiactor shall have the right of
preemption to three hundred and twenty acr^s of any land
riot then disposed of or reserved, at each point necessary
for a station, not to be nearer than ton miles from each
other; and provided that no mineral land shall thus be pre-
empted. , „ j
"•Sec. 13. That the said service shall be performed
within twenty-five days for each trip; and that, before en-
tering into such contiact, the Postmaster Geneial shall be
satisfied of the ability and disposition of the parties bona
fide and in good faith to perform the said contract, and
shall leqiure good and sufficient security for the perform-
ance of the same—the f ervice to commence within twelve
months alter the signing of the contract.'
" Piopo-als will accordingly be leeeived at the Contract
Office of the Post Office Depaitment.until three p. m., of the
1st day of June, 1857, for conveying mails under the pro-
visions of the above act. .
" Besides the starting point on the Mississippi river, bid-
ders will name intermediate points proposed to be embraced
in the route, and otherwise designate its coarse as neatly
as p.aeUcable. .... j
" Separate proposal5 are invited for semi-mont/ity) week-
ly, and semi weekly trips each way.
" The decision upon the proposals offered will be made
after the Postmaster General shall be sat isfied ot the ability
and disposition of the paities m good laith to perform the
contiact. . ,
" A guarantee N to be executod, with good and sumcient
sureties, that the contract shall be executed with iike good
seeuuty, whenever the contractor or contractors shall be
required to do so by the Postmaster General, and the ser-
vice must commence witiuu twelve months after the date
of such contract."
In pursuance of said advertisement, the Post-
master General and his three assistants assembled
in the Contract Office and opened the respective
bids, makin; the following abstract of them, and
causing said abstracts to be copied into a separate
book, and also in the route book for California.
ABSTRACT OP THE BIDS.
John Butlerfield, William B. Dinsmore, William
G. Fargo, James V. P. Gardner, Marcus L. Kinyon,
Hamilton Spencer, and Alexander Holland: From
St. Louis, by Springfield, and from Memphis by
Little Rock, connecting at a common point at or
eastward of Albuquerque ; thence west, to and
along the military road to Colorado river ; thence
up the valley of the Mohahoc river, to and through
the Tejon passes of theSierra Nevada; and thence
along the best route to San Francisco ; weekly,
$450,000 ; semi-weekly, $600,000.
John Butler field and others: From Memphis, by
Little Rock, Albuquerque, mouth of Mohahoc, on
the Colorado river, and one of the Tejon passes
of the Sierra Nevada, to San Francisco ; semi-
monthly, $300,000, loeclcly, $450,000; semi-weekly,
$595,000. . "
John Butterfield and others: From St. Louis, by
Springfield, to Albuquerque ; thence, as above,
to San Francisco; semi-monthly, $300,000 ; weekly,
$450,000 ; semi-weekly, $585,000. ■
James E. Birch: From Memphis, by Little
Rock, Washington, Fulton, ClarksviUe, Gaines-
ville, Fort Chadbourne, head spring of Conche
river, to Pecos river, nearly due west; thence,
along Pecos river, Delaware creek, through the
Guadalupe and Hucco mountains, to the Rio
Grande river ; thence, over the emigrant road, to
Fort Yuma ; thence, by San Gorgona pass, San
Bernardino, Tejon, Tulare, or Salinas valleys, to
San Francisco ; semi-ioeekhj, $600,000.
James Glover: From Memphis, by Helena, Lit-
tle Rock, across Texas, to El Paso, Fort Yuma,
San Bernardino, Los Angeles; thence between the
coast range and Sierra Nevada mountains, to San
Francisco; or from Vicksburg, by Slircvesport,
to El Paso, &c., &c., (as above;) semi-monthly,
$300,000; loeekly, $450,000; semi-weekly, $(500,000.
S. Howell and J!■ E. Pace: From Gaines's Land-
ing, on the Mississippi, to San Francisco: term
of four years; commence at Vicksburg, if pre-
ferred ; weekly, $1,000,000 for the first year,
$800,000 for the second year, $700,000 for the
third year, $600,000 for the fourth year.
David I). Mitchell, Samuel 11. Churchill, Robert
Campbell, William Gilpin, and others: From St.
Louis to San Francisco, aemi-weekty, $600,000.
James Johnston, jr., and Joseph Clark: From St.
Louis, by Fort Independence, Fort Laramie, Salt
Lake City, or any other point named by the De-
partment, to San Francisco ■. semi-monthly, $260,000,
weekly, $390,000; semi-weeklu, $520,000.
Irregular (afier time) bid: William Jlollings-
head, President Minnesota, Nebraska, and Pacific
Mail Transportation Company: From St. Paul,
by Fort Ridgely, South Pass, Soda Springs,
Humboldt river, Honey Lake Valley, Noble's
Pass, Shasta City, to San Francisco; semi-weekly,
$550,000.
On the 2d day of .Tuly, 1857, the Department,
after full and mature consideration, made the fol-
lowing order in relation to the route selected,and
the bid accepted:
« 12578. From St. Lotiw, Missouri, and from Memphis,
Tennessee, convoking at Litllo Rock, Arkansas ; tliencc,
ma I'lcston, Texas, oi as nearly so as, may lie found advisa-
ble, to the best point of crossing the Hio Grande, above El
Paso, and not iar from Fort Fillmore; thence, along the
new load being opened and constiuctcd under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, to Foi t Yuma, California ;
thcncc, through the best passes, and along the best valleys
for safe and e\peditious staging, to San Finncisr-o.
" The foregoing route is selected for the oveiianu mail
service to California, as combining, m my judgment, more
advantages and fewer disadvantages than any other.
" No bid having been made for this patticular route, anil
all the bidders (whose bids were considered regular under
the advertisement, and the net of Congress) having con-
sented that their bids may be held and considered as extend-
ing and applying to said route :
•' Therefore, looking at the respective bidders, both as to
the amount proposed and the ability, qualifications, and ex-
perience of the bidders to carry out a great inaHseiviee like
this, ! herebvorder that the proposal of John Bulterfield,of
Uticit, New York, William I! Dinsmore, of New York city,
I William G. Fargo, of Buffalo, New York, James V. P.
1 Gaidner, of Dtica, New York, Marcus L. Kinyon, of Rome,
New Yoik, Alexander Holland, of New Yoik eity, and
Hamilton Spencer, of Bioomington, Illinois, at the sum of
$595,000 (five hundred and nmety-five thousand[dollars)
per annum for semi-weekly service, Ik* accepted. TTiie con-
tiactois, however, to have the privilege ot selecting lands,
under the act of Congress, on only one of the roads, or
brandies, between Little Roek and the Mississippi river—
the one selected by them to be made known and inserted
m the contract at the time of its execution."
Subsequently, on reexamining the proposal,
the above acceptance was modified so as to fix
the pay at $600,000 per annum, that being the
true amount of the bid.
Under strong representations that a betted junc-
tion of the two branches of said road could be
made at Preston than at Little Rock, on the 11th
day of September, 1857, the following order was
made:
£l That whenever the contractors and their sureties shall
file in the Post Office Department a request, in writing,
that they desire to make the junction of the two branches
of said road at Preston, instead of Little Koek, the Depart-
ment will permit the same to be done by some route not
further west than to Springfield, Missouri, thence by Fay-
etteviile, Van Buren, and Fort Smith, m the State of Ar-
kansas, to the said junction, at or near the town of Preston,
ill Texas; but said new line will be adopted on the ex-
press condition that the said contractors shall not claim or
demand from the Department, or from Congress, any in-
creased compensation for or on account of such change in
the route from St. Louis, or of the pomt of junction ot this
two routes from Little Rock to Preston ; and on the further
express condition, that whilst the amount of lands to winch
the contractors may be entitled under the act of Congress
may be estimated on either of said branehes from Predion
to St. Louis or Memphis, at their option, yet the said con-
tractors shall take one half of that amount on each of said
branehes, so that neither shall have an advantage in mo
way of stations and settlement over the other ; and incase
said contractors, m selecting and locating their lands, shall
disregard this condition, or give undue advantage to one of
said branches over the other, the Department reserves the
power of discontinuing said new ronte t'roin St. Louis to
Preston, and t^ hold said contractors and their sureties to
the original route and terms expressed and set forth in the
body of this contract."
In pursuance of the above orders and proceed-
ings, on the 16th day of September, 1857, the fol-
lowing contract was entered into between the
Department and the contractors whose bid had
been accepted:
No. 12578—Six hundred thousand dollars, per annum.
This article of contract, made tile sixteenth day of Sep-
tember, in the year one thousund eight hundred and fifty-
seven, between the United States (acting in tins behalf by
their Postmaster General) and John Butteifield, of Utica,
New York, William B. Dinsmore, of New York city, Wil-
liam G.Fargo,of Buffalo, New York, James V P Gardnei,
of Utica, New York, Marcus L. Kinyon, of Rome, New
York, Alexander Holland, of New York city, and Hamilton
Spencer, of Blooiningtou, Illinois, and Danford N. Barney,
ot the city of New York, Johnston Livingston, of Living-
ston, New York,David Moulton, of Floyd, New Yoik, and
Bliiah P. Williams, of Buffalo, New York, witnesseth :
i'hat whereas John Butterneld, William B. Dinsmore,
William G. Fargo, James V. P. Gardner, Marcus L. Kin-
yon, Alexander Holland, and Hamilton Spencer, have been
accepted, according to law, as contractors foi transport!'1"
the entire letter mail, agreeably to the provisions of l..e
eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth sections of an act of Con-
fess approved March 3,1857, (making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department lor the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1858,) from the Mississippi river to San
Francisco, California, as follows: from St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and from Memphis, Tennessee, converging at Little
Rock, Arkansas; thence, via Preston, Texas, or as near so
as may be found advisable, to the best point of crossing the
Rio Crande above El Paso, and not far from Foi t Fillmore;
tlience, along the new road being opened and constructed
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, to or
near Fort Yuma, California; thence, through the best passes
and along the best valleys for safe and expeditious staging,
to San Francisco, California, and back, twice a week, m
good four-hoise post coaches or spring wagons suitable for
the conveyance of passengers as well as the safety and
security of the mails, at §600,000 a year, for and during the
term of six years, commencing the 16th day of September,
1838, and ending with the 15th day of December, 1804:
Now, therefore, the said John Butterfield, William B. Dins
more, William G. Faigo, James V. P. Gardner, Marcus L.
Kinyon, Alexander Holland, and Elamilton Spencer, con-
ti actors, and Danford N. Barney, Johnston Livingston,
David Moulton, and Elijah P. Williams, their sureties, do
jointly and severally undertake, covenant, and agree with
the United States,and do bind themselves: 1st. To carry
paid letter mail within the time fixed by the law above re-
ferred to—that is, within twenty-five days for each trip,
and according to the annexed schedule of dcpartuies and
aruvals; 2d. To carry said letter mail in a safe and secure
manner, free from wet or other injury, in a boot, under the
driver's seat, or other secure place, and m preference to
passengers,and to their entire exclusion, if iis weight and
bulk require it; 3d. To take the said letter mail and every
part of it from, and deliver it and every part of it at, each
po^t office on the route, or that mav hereafter be established
on the route, and into the post office at each end of the
route, and into the post office at the place at which the car-
rier stop? at night, if one is there kept; and if no office is
there kept, to lock it up in some secure place, at the risk of
the contractors.
They also undertake, covenant, and agree with the Uni-
ted States, and do bind themselves, jointly and severally, as
aforesaid, to be answerable for the persons to whom the said
coutiactois shall commit the care and transportation of the
mail, and accountable to the United States for any damages
which may be sustained by the United States through their
unraithfulness or want of care; and that the said contract-
ors will discharge any carrier of said mail when requned
to do so by the Postmaster General; also, that they will not
transmit, by themselves or their agent, or be concerned in
transmitting, commercial intelligence more rapidly than hv
mail, other than by telegraph, and that they will not carry
