1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
for the act itself expressly declares that the gov- ij quired them to submit the constitution they should
ernroent organized by it is to be a temporary gov- j; make to a popular vote. They were willing to
.If U /'vitr.Tk t UaiK f a a^citOO a (intYllYII«<31An m thfi Hflmf!
eminent. If so, then the act itself contemplates
that the territorial government is to have an end
put to it*, in other words, it is to be superseded
by a State government. How, then, can it be in-
consistent with the provisions of tne act that the
Legislature should institute proceedings for facil-
itating the people in the formation of a State con-
stitution?
The Lecompton convention, then, was notoniy
legal, but it was vested with full authority to form
a constitution for the people of Kansas. It was
authorized by the Territorial Legislature. It was
authorized by Congress. And last, and highest,
and ehiefest of all, it was authorized by the peo-
ple of Kansas. It has made a constitution, and
that constitution is authoritative.
But, it is objected that the constitution it made
was not submitted—the whole of it—by the con-
vention to the vote of the people. I answer,
first, that of the eifhteen new States that have
been received into the Union, the constitutions
of thirteen were never submitted to the votes of
their people prior to their admission, while the
constitutions of only five were submitted; sec-
ondly, of the thiiteen original States, the consti-
tutions of not more than a single one was ever
submitted to a vote of the people before coming
into the Union; and thirdly, the Constitution of
the United States was never submitted to the
votes of the people of a solitary State prepara-
tory to entering into the national Union; that
great act was done, in every instance, by a con-
vention chosen for the purpose; and lastly, the
very delegates to the Convention itself, which
framed the Federal Constitution, were not elected
by the votes of the people of the several States,
but were chosen, in every instance, by the Legis-
latures of the States.
But, sir, what lias Congress got to do with this
question ? Have we any right to reject a consti-
tution made in a legal convention, clothed with
full power to act in the premises, because we may
not happen to like the manner in which it was
made? Under the Constitution of the United
States, which authorizes us to inquire only
whether the constitution offered to us is republi-
can in its form; have we any right to go beyond
this, and to inquire what was the method the peo-
ple saw fit to adopt in making theirconstitution ?
Especially, what right have we to set aside the
great principle of the Kansas-Nebraska act—non-
intervention—and to obtrude ourselves into the
affairs of the people of the Territory by objecting
to the manner selected by them for framing their
fundamental law ? This, it seems to me, would .
be a flagrant violation of the very spir.t ot the ;
tvansas-Nebraska act. That act declares, in so j:
many words, that " its true intent and meaning ,j
is not to legislate slavery into any Territory or
State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly free to form and regu- it
late their domestic institutions in their own way, >1
subject only to the Constitution of the United I
States." Thus, the people were not only to be I
left free to form domestic institutions, of what- j;
ever kind they might please, but they were to be j
perfectly free todo this in their own way; that is, I
they shall determine the mode and manner of
forming them, whether it shall be dune by the !
people in mass meeting or through their repre-,
sentativej chosen expressly to that end. Nov,-, j
sir, shall Congress take upon itself to prescribe '
the way they shall pursue in forming their do-
mestic institutions by their constitution ? Shall
we arrogate to ourselves the authority to reject
the State because its people have seen fit to auo.it;
a way of forming their constitution which we do .
not approve? j
Further, sir, the delegates constituting the Le- ;
compton convention were the representatives and :
agents of the people of Kansas, not of Congress, I
nor of the United States. What right, then, has ;
Congiess, on the well-known law and relation of
principal and agent, of constituent and represent-
ative, to inquire whether those delegates did light
or wrong in not submitting their work to the vote
of the people? "Who are v/e, that we should
judge another man's servant? To his own mas-
ter lie shall stand or fall." But, sir, we know the
fact to be that on this point these delegates faith-
fully il.-~.e!}:irgn! the trust committed to that'
hands. Tile people of Lie 'iVnUory had not re-
vive their delegates a commission in the same
terms as had been used by the people of more
than half of the Territories that had come into
the Union as new States, and of every one of the
Old Thirteen, fti the formation, both of their own
State constitutions, and of the Constitution of the
United States. And this course was pursued de-
liberately and purposely. Governor Geary, it is
well known, yetoed the bill providing for the con-
vention for the very reason that it did not require
the constitution that might be framed by it to be
submitted to a vote of the people. It was yet
passed, by a two-thirds vote, over his veto. All
this was known, not merely to the party sustain-
ing the Lecompton convention, but also to the
disorganizers and rebellious recusants. These
factionists were more than notified of it. They
were appealed to on this very ground by both
Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton to come
forward and vote for delegates. They were ar-
gued with, aryi entreated—addressed in public
and private—in season and outof season. They
were warned of the consequcnccs of standing out,
and told that a constitution might be formed for
them tolerating slavery which they professed so
intensely to hate. And now, if they refused to
vote after all this, does it lie in their mouths to
complain ? And if they do complain, has Congress
any right, on account of their complaints, to re-
ject an authoritative constitution legally formed,
and that, too, against what has been its course
and custom in all similar cases—against the ex-
press letter and spirit of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, and against the plain provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States on the subject of
the admission of new States into the Union? The
Kansas convention did not submit the constitu-
tion, as a whole, to a vote of the people; but it
did submit the article on slavery.
I have not time, Mr. President, to stop to ex-
plode the shallow sophism that the convention
resorted to a trick in the mode of submission, by
which no man could vote either for or against the
slavery clause without voting/or the constitution.
No man, it seems to me, can carefully read the
schedule on this point without being convinced
that this is a mere pretense, (if I may be allowed
to use so harsh an expression in this presence,)
and more deserving of the epithet of trick than
that part of the schedule to which that epithet
has been applied.
The article on slavery, sir, was the only part of
the instrument about which there was any serious
difference of opinion. Has any man ever heard
any objection, even from the rebellious Abolition-
ists in'Kansas, against the articles on banks, or \l
taxation, or the qualifications prescribed for Gov- ij
ernor, or against any other pait of the instru- 'I
mt?nt, cxccpt the article on slavery? Who has
ever beard apy exception taken against its pro-
visions on these subjects, except from the .Sena-
tor from Illinois? And he frankly admitted that
his difference of opinion from the committee on
these subjects, would not be sufficient ground for
voting against the admission of Kansas. Where
was the necessity, then, of submitting to a vote of
the people provisions of the constitution about
which there was no difference of opinion, and
about which a difference of opinion is conceded
to be unimportant?
The article in her constitution which was to
fix the condition of Kansas as a slaveholding or
non-slaveholdmg State, was the sole point of con-
test. This was the question that had agitated
that. Territory from the period of its first organi-
zation. Indeed, it wai this that had populated her
with emissaries sent out by the Emigrant Aid
corporations. And this it was that had drawn
to Kansas the attention of every section of the
entire country. This question was submitted
to a fa;r vote of the people; and that, too, in the
fairest mode in which it could be done; that is, it
was submitted alone, as an isolated issue. If it
had been incumbered with other questions there
would not have been so fair an expression of the
popular will upon it. A man might have voted
for or against the slavery article, in order to reach
some other object. And, sir, this submitting a
particular provision of a State constitution, as a
single question, to be voted on by the people, is
no strange proceeding. It has been done m the
case of Oregon, whose constitution is now before
this Senate. And it has often been done in other
States.
Mr. President, in the estimation of those who
profess to consider this action of the Lecompton
convention a great outrage upon the rights of the
people of Kansas, the people of Indiana must have
been most deeply aggrieved byCongress when that
State was admitted into the Union; for lam told,
by one of her Senators on this floor, that an ar-
ticle establishing slavery in that State was voted
out of her constitution by a majority of two votes
only; and yet that constitution was never sub-
mitted to a vote of the people of that State. Still,
she was admitted into the Union as a non-slave-
holding State. Sir, when that vote was so very
close in the convention, it is altogether possible
that the result would have been different if it had
been submitted to a direct vote of the people. But
Congress did not stop to make this a condition
precedent, which must be met before the State
should be admitted.
So, too, the same was true in Illinois. There,
an article proposing to establish slavery by her
constitution was voted down, in her constitutional
convention, by but a small majority of votes; and
that constitution was never submitted to a vote of
the people. Yet the people of Illinois have never
found out that their rights were trampled on by
Congress when that State was admitted into the
Union. The submission of this article of the con-
stitution was in exact compliance with the require-
ments of the Kansas-Nebraska act. That act re-
pealed the Missouri restriction. That restriction
excluded slavery from the Territory of Kansas.
The re peal of the restriction left the people of that
Territory free, " perfectly free," to introduce sla-
very into it at their option. What was the grand
question that immediately followed? It was, shall
slavery be introduced into the Territory of Kan-
sas, or excluded therefrom ? This question is left
by the convention to the decision of the people,
by a direct vote, clean and naked; separated from
every other issue.
Again, this act declares that its true intent and
meaning is, not to introduce slavery into any Ter-
ritory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom—yes,
sir, slavety is the thing that it neither introduces
nor excludes—" but to leave the people thereof
pcrfcctly free to form their domestic institutions
in their own way." What domestic institution
is meant by this language ? Sir, does not the first
part of the sentence make it perfectly plain what
; domestic institution is meant? Before the passage
j of the Kansas-Nebraska act were not the people
i perfectly free to form all their other domestic in-
j stitutions in their own way, except the institution
of slavery only ?
But, Mr. President, this issue was notoniy sab-
mitted to the people in the best possible way to
procure a true decision upon it, in the grand fact
that it was disentangled from every other issue,
bat in the further fact that it was submitted in
such manner, as to time, as was best calculated to
reach the unbiased judgment of the people. It
was submitted, not at a general election, when of-
fices were to be filled—offices both of emolument
and of a political character, calculated to enlist
personal feeling and the might of party discipline
—but it was submitted with perfect fairness at a
special election, held for this purposeonly, where
no disturbing influence could be brought to bear
upon it; and that, too, in spite of the certainty
that a comparatively .small vote would be the con-
sequence. After proceedings of such a character,
shall any man be heard to accuse the Lecompton
convention of contriving to secure the adoption
of the slavery article into the constitution of Kan-
sas by trickery ? Sir, if they intended to impose
tlms constitution upon the people of Kansas by
contrivance, they were certainly bunglers in the
business. They might have learned a lesson, per-
haps, from the Minnesota convention. Thatcou-
vention first fixed the election of the State officers
under the proposed constitution, on the very same
day the people were to vote upon the constitution.
They thereby secured a full vote. They next pro-
vide, in the eighteenth s-ection of the schedule, that
" no voter should vote for or against the consti-
tution on a separate ballot from that cast by him
for officers to be elected at that election under the
constitution." Why not? Why should he not
be permitted to vole on a separate ballot? Why
subject the voter to this compulsion ? i would say
that, so far from compelling him to vote for or
