1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
holder of a warrant cannot locate except on land
subject to private entry. They have the right to
go upon the public domain anywhere and locate
their scrip to the amount called for. No injury
ia done, therefore, to the owner of this scrip. He
has all the law ever intended should be given to
anybody except a half-breed who had an improve-
ment. If a half-breed had an improvement, he
could hold it under his scrip, but it was never
thought of nor intended that anybody else could
take that scrip and hold the improvement of any-
body else, unless he had bought that improve-
ment. Then no wrong is done to anybody by
this act, and you protect the bona fide settler in
his improvements. The lands were surveyed like
other public lands. Settlers went upon it, sup-
posing it to be public land open to preemption.
The Congress of the United States is now asked
to protect these settlers, who went there under
the belief that they had the right to preempt that
land against the cupidity o£the speculator.
Mr. BENNETT obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "Will the gentleman
from New York yield to me a moment?
Mr. BENNETT. 1 will, if the gentleman will
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. • I will renew the
demand. I wish to express the opinion, Mr.
Speaker, that if we interfere in this matter we
shall get ourselves into a scrape, and we shall take
upon ourselves a serious responsibility which will
hereafter be pressed upon us by those with whom
we have interfered. I have listened with a great
deal of attention to the allegations of fairness on
the part of those who have gone upon the public
lands, which they knew they had no right to go
upon. I do not understand that sort of logic.
Mr. WALI1RIDGE. The settlers were advised
to go there by the Land Office, and they went there
believing that they had a right to go there. Af-
terwards the Department issued other circulars
suspending the perfection of their titles.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us see what the
law is in reference to the position of these parties. [
I have here the act of July 17, 1854; and I under- j
stand from it, and from what we know otherwise i
by the treaty of Prairie du Chien, that there was ■
a certain interest secured to the half-breed or Da- j
cotah Indians. It became desirable that the tract |
of land, so secured, should be brought into mar- |
ket. |
Mr. LETCHER. Will my colleague allow me j
to read an extract from a memorial of the Legis- j
lature to Congress ? j
" The halt-biecd tract is a body of lnul thirty mile- Jon;* i
and fifteen wide, hi'ig oil the wo:-t .-idf of the Mi — j
river and Lake Pepm, compci-ips about fom hundred and j
squaie miles or a.-,<r.>od aim'-s^imul couisuy as i
run lb "Jit; Temtor\ uf' Miihu'-om. Th«'ic .'to now upon I
thi- laud over five thou :v.d mh JnrauK. r.f w!:<>ia our1 b:.If, J
at lea-!. <11 c t'llei^ of' tin: ^iLand the ie-t rue meich mi* !
and im-chanies, leading in the villages withm the lunas oi |
thi-s tUvCt. i
'•After the treaty with the Siou-1: India"3, cednrj all their ;
land^ ea.^l of a specified line, to the United ^'tnte=. had bc^n •
ratified, in 1 c5-i, many psison^ who wen- acquainted Willi i
the f<_itile diameter of the ^od on this tract, and were ot j
the opinion tiiat the latilieation of that tieatv opened these |
laud- to the pettier the same a-  all other ht;id<, came and ,
settled mi the vicinity of W.iba&haw, Reed's Landing, and ,
other points. !
Now, sir, it is stated on the sixth page of this ,
report— |
••There are now. according to official data, obtained fiom |
the (viitm- leeentlv taken, upwatds of rive tiioiiaaiul * ninth- j
itaiit- on thn tiaet. 1
•• T u> number ot acres of land actually occupied by the :
aettn-^ aniuiiiUs to one hunched and twenty thou- mid acte- ]
'• Tmc nnmbei of iaimhe.-. .-ectled upon those lands amuuiu j
to e'iiiu iuindt.'d and ^ev.ni. :
'• Of The five thousand inhabitants there aie one thousand :
ant! ei^rht males: ovci twenty-one y -ai- of oi'e. ;
The value of the lmp.o'vemenls made, and owned by me ;
■-eitioi:*'. amount to.   >-j7t2,bUD UU !
'• The amount of < ap.t d nr. e-tcd m bu6ine-s>, t
hoiu-i'-.j nuil^j ^e., i,    107,000 00
 A0-h).7Ub Oi)
" Making, in lota!, Uie sum of  _
«A!"io-r one million dollars hiou^hthere and invested by
tile -et'Jei
•• 'I In* value of the one hutulied and uveiitv thousand acres
now i upied by--euleu, at tne usual iatus < i .^l -2o pel
ueie. i- i j(),(;00 .
•' Ii the -etip should he eovered over tin-land, at livedo!
l;n- p ;i''te. It would amount to *(50,1.000 ; almost one halt
nn'lit") ilMiiaj^diih'reneebciw.-en the <Jo\ eminent puce and
the pin-e demand-'ii by ^^peculatorfe.''
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I ask if the whole gist
of this matter is not this: that certain specula-
tors have bought this land scrip from the Indians
for a nominal sum—almost nothing, as the testi-
mony before our committee shows—and that this
is a contest between them and those who have
produced this wealth of a million and a half dol-
lars, by their own hard labor?
Mr. LETCHER. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure; that those men, who, he says,
have produced this wealth, went there in violation
of law. They knew it was an Indian reservation.
Those who are now seeking to dispossess them
purchased the scrip in violation of law—so that
they both stand here alike criminal violators of
the law, and I would leave the settlement of their
disputes to the courts of law and not to Congress.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. But when these same set-
tlers went on to this land,as the gentleman from
Viigima says, and produced this wealth, they did
so under instructions from the land office in the
Territory, that they had a right to preempt these
lands.
Mr. LETCHER. It is not so stated in this
report.
Mr. McCtUEEN. One word further in regard
to this matter. I believe it was in evidence be-
fore the committee that these parties who are now
claiming to have their titles confirmed, had inti-
mation from the land office that they had the right
to go there and settle on these lands. My own im-
pression is, that long before the Indian title was
extinguished, they went and settled on these lands
without any legal right. I believe the Indian title
was extinguished under the act of 185*2. They
settled there without any legal right. The pur-
chasers of the land scrip, on their part, had no
ri^ht to purchase, and did so in violation of law.
The majority of the committee, however, came
to the conclusion that the settlers were entitled to
be protected in prelerence to the purchasers of
scrip. I do not believe that I gave my sanction
to the bill m committee, and I do not know that
I will do so here; but between the two, my judg-
ments in fayor of the settlers. I was not satisfied
for myself as to what should he done. They were
both there without authority of law in their firdt
claims; but after the Indian title was extinguished,
then they ought to have the right to preempt their
claims.
Mr. FAULKNER, if we pursue this course
we shall spend the two days set apart for tern-
tonal business in acting on a matter on which we
i have had no opportunity of informing ourselves.
; The Committee on Public Lands should have
made their reports prior to these days m order that
i they might have been printed, and that members
! might have had an opportunity to see them. If
1 we go on acting on reports immediately coming
from committees, the result will be 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
: I do not see the bearing of the remarks of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. FAULKN ER. I am goimc cither to move,
, myself, or to suggest to my coheapie to ni'/ve,
■ to i ufer this to the Committee of the Whole on (he
. state of the Union. IIow otherwise can we have
1 information about it? The bill is not printed;
whereas, there is a vast deal of business reported
1 to the House, where the bills and reports are
: printed and ready for the action and consideration
of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course 1 cannot,
after what has occurred, make the remarks which
I intended to have submitted; but I think it best,
under the circumstances, to present this single
i view: that this is a squabble between conflicting;
claimants for this property, and that we should
not interfere. Why should' Congress m:erfere be-
tween our own citizen*, and see whi<'h have the
! best rights? Let the courts decide that question,
and let us leave that matter to the courts. If we
\ interfere improperly, we will, of course, have fu-
ture demands against us on the pait of those who
• will jje stripped of their rights by our instrument-
ality. I move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and I
' move the previous question.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for
one moment.
Mr. SVTiTH, ofVir^inin Certainly.
Air. BENNETT. Mr. Spuakei, the only dif-
ficulty about this matter is, that gentlemen will
continue to regard these lands as a leservation,
i after the Government has purchased them back,
and after the Indians have relinquished all right
and title to them. Here is their relinquishment:
The half-breeds or mixed bloods of the Dacotak or Sioux na-
tion of Indians: to all to whom these presents shall come,
greeting:
Whereas, in accordance with the stipulations of the ac<
of Congress approved 17th July, 3854, "to authorize the
President of the United States to cause to be surveyed the
tract of land in the Territory of Minnesota, belonging to the
half-bieeds or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation
of Indians, and for other purposes," and in consideration of
the " certificates or scrip" which the said act authorizes to
be awarded to us, the undersigned, to wit: those being the
half-breeds or mixed bloods aforesaid, who sign for them-
selves, irelinquishing in their own right, and those us sign-
ing for others, relinquishing as " the legal representatives of
such as may be minors," as referred to in said act, do hereby
relinquish, transfer, and forever qua claim to the United
States, all right, title, and interest, of whatsoever nature,
which they may have, either tribal or as individuals, of, in,
and to " the tiaet of land lying on the west side of Lake
Pepin and the Mississippi river, m the Territory of Minne-
sota, which was set apart and granted for their use and ben-
efit hv the ninth article of the treaty of Prairie du Chien, of
the rifteenth day of July, one thousand etaht hundred and
thirty," the f-aicl tract being paiticularly described in the
aforesaid treaty in the manner following, to wit: Begin-
ning at a place called the Barn, below and near the village
of the Red Wing chief, and running back fifteen miles;
thence in a parallel line with Lake Pepin and the Missis-
sippi, about thirty two miles, to a point opposite Beef or
OT>ciiuf nvei ; thence fifteen miles to the Grand Encamp-
ment opposite the nver afoie^atd."
In te-timony whereof, we have hereunto signed our names
at the times and places, and in piesence of the witnesses,
as hereinafter certified.
The President was required, by the act of 1854,
to go on and have these lands surveyed and put
into maiket; and as late as the 13th ofMay, 1856,
the Commissioner of the Land Office said, in a
letter to one of the settlers:
" The lands settled upon ami occupied will be protected
fr"in location by scrip authonzed to be i^ued bv the act of
July 17, 1 fi.")i. The nece-,-aiy in>.tr.icttom have tins day
i been i.--n.'d to the district otlices at lied Wing and Winona
on the iubjcct."
j The Department instructed tiie settlers that
| their rich's would be protected; and it would
come with a bad grace now for Congress to tell
them that they shall be robbed of then lands be-
cause they followed the erroneous instructions of
' the Department. They werenot bound to know
the law better than the Commissioner, even if the
construction now contended for was right.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call the attention
i of the gentleman to the proviso to the first section
! of the act of lcS54:
" ^roui^c.l further, That no transfer nr conveyance
of any of reitihc.ues oi senp bbah be valid."
; Now, if we interfere with any right or title
■ originating under that law, we shall be responsi-
ble, and claims will be presented here hereafter.
I will say further, that if the Indians have parted
' with the title under this act, why, then, of course
: there will be no difficulty; but let the courts decide
; between the parties, and not this House. I hope
; the gentleman will permit the bill to be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
i Mr. BENNETT. No, sir; if the bill is to be
passed at all, it ought to be passed now; as the
Commissi-.™ r has suspended action, either way,
for tiie action of Congress in the premises. I
hope the bill will not be referred, but passed to-
day. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; being first upon Mr.
Smith's motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cit.vroE of
North Carolina, and Wai.bron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 7"2, noes 70.
Mr. BENNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois. If this bill
is referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, will it not go upon the teru-
toriai Calendar, to be considered on the days set
apait for terrltouai business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. STANTON. Will it be printed in time
to be consi'Jeied on those days.'
The SPE AKER. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. GROW. How many days have been set
apart for the consideration of ten 1 tonal business?
The SPEAKER. Two days.
The" question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 6S, nays 93; as follows;
V£AS—Messrs. Arnold, Averj, ISaiksilaltJ; Bocoek, Bon-
