1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a 7
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the P-ostmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
At Fort Fillmore, on the El Paso route, the
meteorological report above referred to shows the
minimum temperature at this place, up to 1854,
to be but 10°.
At Tucson, February, 1854, Lieutenant Parke
reports the minimum temperature 32°, and on
one occasion, on the San Pedro, to be 12°htsun-
rise. We have searched in vain every source of
information, and have yet to learn that snow ever
lies upon the plains near the El Paso route, or
that the thermometer ever descended below zero.
The mean temperature of winter at Fort Fill-
more is about 46.6°. The mean temperature of
winter at Fort Webster, (copper mines,) north
of Ojo de la Vaca, 6,350 feet above the sea level, is
but 41.3°, while at Fort Defiance, a correspond-
ing position, with reference to the Albuquerque
route, it is 28.7°, and at Albuquerque it is 37°.
At Fort Yuma (mouth of the Gila, on the El Paso
route) the mean temperature pf winter is 56.8°.
Although this superiority of climate on the El
Paso route must be admitted,still it has been and
may be argued that the degree of cold on the Al-
buquerque route is not greater than on many of
the stage routes of the Atlantic States — not
greater, perhaps, than between Philadelphia and
Pittsburg, or between Baltimore and "Wheeling.
Without admitting the fact, at all events, so far
as the latter route is concerned, it requires but
little effort to remember how uncertain during
the winter season was the transportation of the
mails when the roads were in their natural state,
and with'what extreme suffering from the cold,
staging used to be performed between those cities,
with all the advantages of short and well-ap-
pointed stations for recruiting the energies of the
benumbed and exhausted passengers.
Hut would Congress or the public be content
with a route to California no better in point of
climate than those by Harrisburg and Cumber-
land, when a more mild and favorable one could
be easily procured ? Imagine four stages to start
out from St. Louis on the Albuquerque route with
eight passengers in each, thirty-two in number.
At the starting point the snow is eight or ten
inches deep, which itoften is for weeks together.
They are to go day and night, the thermometer
10° or 15° above, not below zero. They pro-
gress westward, ascending every mile higher and
higher, the cold increasing with every mile, for
an entire week. At last they reach Albuquerque,
an elevation of 6,000 feet, the mercury standing
4° or 50 below zero. Benumbed by the cold for
more than a work, overcome by the loss of sleep,
they begin another ascent to Campbell's Pass, the
best on the route, about 7,000 feet in height, in the
vicinity of which the thermometer is standing, by
authcnticand undoubted observations, from 2° to
32° below zero.
How can thirty odd passengers, men, women,
and children, some feeble in health or delicate in
constitution, be otherwise than in almost a dying
condition ? This is no picture of the imagination;
it is one of those practical views which common
sense will always suggest as to the sufferings and
exposures of stage traveling under circumstances
so inauspicious. But a truer picture of more
intense suffering may be found in the groups of
emigrants camped out amid the snows, or strug-
gling to get on, when the mercury, as it very
often happens, is down at or below zero—whether
a few degrees above or below makes no differ-
ence, for a long-continued stage or emigrant
travel, under circumstances of so much severe
exposure, would, 111 a few years, mark every
station with the fresh graves of its victims. Most
emigrants are compelled to be en route in some
portion of the winter months. Most families
cannot well start from the Atlantic to the Pacific
or interior States until they have first finished
and disposed of the crop of the preceding season;
at all events, it must be so far matured before
they start that something approaching its value
can be realized from it, in order to help in de-
fraying the expenses of removal. Nor can emi-
grants linger too long on the way. They; must
go on, however much exposed to hardships, in
order to reach their new homes in time to make
a crop the next season. The poor cannot lose
two crops in succession without being ruined.
The southern or El Paso route is eminently com-
fortable and desirable for winter emigration,
which the Albuquerque one cannot be, whatever
might be said in its favor as a route in the sum-
mer season. The Department supposed Con-
gress to be in search of a route that could be found
safe, comfortable, and certain during every season
of the year, as well for the transportation of the
mails as for the accommodation of emigrants and
the future location of a railroad to the Pacific.
In relation to the relative facility with which
four-horse stage coaches can be run over the Al-
buquerque and El Paso routes, it must be remem-
bered that this service was to commence within
twelve months. The distance was more than two
thousand miles, over many ranges of mountains,
and nearly the whole distance uninhabited. There
were 110 roads yet opened, and even the foot of
the white man had not yet trodden many portions
of the way which might finally bo selected. Still,
the stages must be running within twelve months.
To do so it was evident that some route must be
selected which was naturally a good one—such a
one that, by cutting down some trees and blazing
others, as mere guide posts, digging down occa-
sional hill-sides, and building slight and tempo-
rary bridges, the work of transportation might
begin within the brief period required by the law.
It was not enough that, by great labor of years
and by large expenditure of money, a graded
turnpike could bo made, or a railway constructed,
at the end of some half dozen years, or even a
longer period, but it must be over a surface of
country naturally so favorable that stage coaches,
with their mails and passengers, could be running
within twelve months with a rapidity scarcely
equaled on the best routes of the older States.
To make the trip in twenty-five days they must
go day and night, uvoiagiug about eighty miles
each day. Now, which of these two routes pre-
sented the greatest probability of affording such a
service? Captain Marcy explored both routes as
far as the Rio Grande, and, after having examined
both, he gave a decided preference to the south-
ern or El Paso route. lie says, on page 228 of
his report, after a favorable description of the
route from the Ilio Grande to the Pecos:
" Our road from here runs acio>s the Llano Estacadofor
seventy-eight miles, upon a pcifecily level praino, as firm
and smooth as maible. It then descends from the high
table laud, about fifty feet, into a rolling pranie countiv,
where the Coloiado of Texas hasitshoutcc. Thus far tlu-ie
is but little timber or water on our route, except at eoifam
points noted upon the map ; but these points can be made
lrom day to day with loaded tuams. As if, however, in
compensation lor the absence of other l'.ivoi^, natuie, in
her tt'i- e economv, j);w adorned the enlnc face of Die coun-
try with a luxuuant veidure of different kinds of piama
grass, affording the most nurutiou - s-iwenuuce foi animal*,
and lendenng'it one of the b^t countries for grazing laige
lioek-s and heids that can ho conceived of.
"Immediately alter we descended from the hisrh table
lands, we sauek upon an entn*<"]y dilf-rent countiy irom the
one wo had been passing over hcfoio. l>y a reference to
the map it will be seen we kept near the plain upoa the
head branches oi fie t'o!o;ado and the Cieai Foik of the
Iirazos. llere we found a smooth road over a gfnlly undu-
latsm? country of prairies and timber, and abounding with
numerous eieai spring branches ior two hund-ed miles, and
m niPny plu.ee> coveted with large moves of mezquile tim-
ber, which makss the vmy bos>t of iuei. The soil cannot
be snipped for foitiiitv. 'The gin.-.*? lemams green during
the came wmtei, and ili^ climate i 5 salubrious and health}.
hidecd.it po---e^c3 all the lcqm-ites that can by de-ned
foi making a fine agucuUural countiy: and 1 venture to
predict that, at 110 veiy distant p«*nod, it will contain a very
dense population. It is omj m.'co-^ary for om piaoticul
farmeis to sec it, and have protection from the incursions
of the Indians, to settle it at once.
'•Soon after ciossim? the Jtio I>razo% our road stnkes
out upon the bish udue lying between the waters of the
Trinity nud Red riveis; and it appoai.s a* if nutuio had
formed tins exprcs-Jy lor a road, a- it inns for a hundred
miles through a country which is fiequentiy much broken
up on eaeh'sule with lnll« and deep lavines, and the only
place where wagons can pa«s 1.3 dneciiv upon the cre>t of
tins natuuil defile, it is a-; lhm and smooth as a turnpike,
with no streams of magnitude 01 oilier obs-miction through
the entire distance to near Preston, wheio we left it and
ciossed the Red liver— fiom Preston to Foit Wa-hita, and
thence to our outward route upon Gaines's cicek, the road
pa^mg mrougli the Cmokasaw countiv, winch is rolling,
and in many places covered with a c:'eat variety of larao
timber and well watered, with no mountain* or high lulls
to pa=s ovei. Hence vou will perceive that from Dona
Ana to Fort ^imth, a distance of nine hundred and nmety-
four miles, our load pii^e, over smooth and very uniform-
ly level ground, crossing no mountains or deep valley;,, and
for five "hundied mile-, upon the eastern extremity, inns
lh!ou<ih the hcait of counirv po<~e :smg neat natutal ad-
vantages. J conceive this to be decidedly the best ovciland
wagon rouTti to California, foi several reasons.*'
"We shall now call attention to the evidence of
Captain John Pope, Topographical Engineers,
who has been stationed a long time in Mexico,
and has seen a great portion of the plains between
the thirty-second and thirty-ninth parallels. In
chapter eleven, Pacific Railroad Reports, volume
two, speaking of the general character of the
country along the thirty-second parallel route, he
says:
'• In glancing at the topographical features of the immense
plains which extend westward from the frontiers of Arkan-
sas and Missouri, the fir&t great peculiarity which strikes
the attention is the remarkable interruption of their vast
monotony, picsented by the belt of counuy between the
thirty-second and thirty-fourth parallels of latitude. The
great desert*, commcncing about the ninety-seventh meri-
dian, extend over a distance of six hundred miles to the
eastern base of the Rocky Mountains. In this whole extent
they are badly watered by a few sluggish streams, which
intellect them, many of which disappear altogeUier in the
dry season, and aie destitute absolutely of timber, except a
sparse gtowthof dwarf cotton along the streams. From the
noithein part of the United States, at the parallel of 49°,
this immense region of desert countiy extends without in-
terruption as far to the south as the parallel of 34°. At this
parallel its continuity is suddenly and lemarkably inter-
lupted. Between the thirty-second and thirty-fourth paral-
lels of latitude a bioad belt of well-watered, well-timbered
country, adapted in a high degree to agricultural purposes,
projects for tlncc hundied and twelve miles, like a vaat
peninsula, into the parched and treeless waste of the plains,
and at it4? western lunit approaches to within less than three
hundied miles of the Itio Giande at El Pa-so.5J
The same distinctive preference to the El Paso
route (the one selected) over the Albuquerque
route is given by Commissioners Emory and
Bartlctt, Lieutenant Parke,and A. H. Campbell,
at the head of the Pacific Wagon Road office,
Interior Department, who aceompanicd Captain
Whipple over the Albuquerque route, and Lieu-
tenant Parke over the El Paso, as principal engi-
neer in 1853-04-55. The comparison of the two
routes west of the Rio Gnnde the Department
considered equally favorable to the one selected.
Beside the fact of its being over a country about
three thousand feet lower than the Albuquerque
route, Congress had appropriated $200,000 on
this route to be expended in the construction of
a wagon road between the Rio Grande and Fort
Yuma, on the Colorado. So large a sum ex-
pended on a surface so favorable by nature will,
doubtless, prove of an immense advantage in ex-
pediting the proposed service, both as to regu-
larity and speed. Before this appropriation was
made by Congress, Mr. Secretary Davis, who
collected a larger amount of reliable information
011 this subject than any other person, reported
to Congress that the most practicable and eco-
nomical route for a railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean was the one the Depart-
ment has selected. Lieutenant Mowry, writing
on this subject, since the route was established,
says:
" For year^, a mail has been regularly carried from San
Antomo to Ei Paso without difficulty 01 danger, except from
Indians. At pie.^mit a monthly mad is carried ftom K1
Paso 10 Tucson, three hundied and forty miles west, by
Government express, for the benefit of the tioops m An-
Konia. Tins < jvpre^s lias a nnhtaiy c-cort. Foit Yuma and
San Diego, California, have for five .vcais been counee.ed
by a soim-montiilv mail, (Government cxpiess,) which,
during my two years'service at Foit Yuma, was a-* secular
111 its airival a*, the steamer from the cast at S;m Francisco
"The only part of the newly-selected route not now
opened by a mail h that from Fort Yuma to Tucson, ivvo
bundled and MYty miles; and tins is almo t daily traveled by
th° people of the Territory, by cmigiants. and by Mexicans.
Tucson is a growing town, and will afford all the grain
needed for the road to El I'aso. The Punas villages, on the
Cila iivei, will supply gutm for the mute to Foi c Yuma, be-
sides any quantity to transport to any desiied point, or a
depot of supply,
"At Foit Yuma, last year, a large quantity of corn was
allowed to rot for want of a market, and theie is grazing
for ten thousand animals on the aver banks. A tew mili-
tary post*, which would be nccc^saiy on cither of the oilier
ioutes, will make the southemiouteperfectly >af««; and the
immense mineral wealth, in silver and copper, will at once
diaw to Arizouia a laigc population. It n the only avail-
able route at all bvaions of the year. The route through the
South Pre-s is as much closed by snow lrom foui to six
months in the yea* as if bm red by a gate of adamant. Dur-
ing the winter or Jb,H-53, f was in the Salt Lake valley,
and no mail from the oa-t reached us fmm November to
April. The mail was at that tune iranspoited on pack
mules, and was in the chaise of experienced men, who
had spent then livo^on the plains.
'• If they couM not ret the mail through cither way, how
much les^ the chanee'is there for Concoid coaches? The
central route is no better. 1 rcler to Colonel Fremont or
Licaireimnt Heal to state, upon their reputation a&travelei-5!
and 4 mountain men.' how much dependence can be placed
upon the regular transmission of a semi-weekly mail
thiuu^h the Cocheeiopee P<u-s 111 December, January, Feb-
ruary, or March. The route by EI Pa&o and Fort Yuma is
