1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i«
against the constitution only on the same ticket
he should cast for State officers, if any compul-
sory mode was to be prescribed, it oughtto have
been the reverse. Could the mode adopted have
any other effect than to compcl votes for the con-
stitution ? Similar moans were resorted to by the
disorganizes in the Kansas Legislature when
called together by acting Governor Stanton, no
doubt for this very purpose. They fix the time
for their illegal and fraudulent voting upon the
Kansas constitution on the very same day or-
dained by the convention for the election of State
officers under that constitution, but to be con-
ducted, not by the same officers, but by officers of
their own.
But, Mr. President, that Legislature proceeded
without the shadow of authority, in attempting
to take any action at all on the Lecompton con-
stitution. The whole authority to make a consti-
tution had been delegated, by the people of the
Territory, to the convention that made that con-
stitution. Thatconvention had already acted, and
was functus officio. The duty and trustcommitted
to it had been already discharged- Its entire work
had been executed—nothing remained to be done.
Its members had fallen back into the mass of their
fellow-citizens. A mere Territorial Legislature,
therefore, could not interfere with the completed
work of that convention, clothed, as it had been,
with the sovereign authority of the people. More-
over, that Legislature was a body with onlysub-
ordinate powers. It could act only within the
limits prescribed to it by the act of "Congress or-
ganizing the Territory. It could neither make
a constitution, nor intervene in the making of one.
Why, sir, think of the consequences of a contrary
doctrine. If the Legislature which undertook to
submit the Kansas constitution to a vote of the
people was competent to do it, so could any sub-
sequent Legislature do the same thing. And if
it could be done within six weeks, it could equally
be done within six years. What could be more
anarchical or destructive? The calamities that
must flow from such a theory put into practice
are sufficient to demonstrate its fallacy.
I beg, Mr. President, to call attention for a mo-
ment to this 4th of January vote on the Lecomp-
ton constitution. The facts and figures, I think,
demonstrate that the vote pretended to have been
cast is fraudulent.
The vote cast for the slavery clause, at the spe-
cial election on the 21st of December last, when
there was not a full turn-out of the people, was
6,226. The vote, according to the certificate of
C. W. Bdbcock and G. Y7. Dietzlcr, on the 4th
of January was 10,226, making an aggregate of
16,452. But the average vote for the disorgan-
izes' ticket, on the 4th of January, according to
Babcock and Diec/Acr's pronunciatnicntc > omitting
" returns received since," was 6,304,and that for
the Democratic ticket was 6,519, making an ag-
gregate of 1^,853. So that the aggregate of the
vote cast on the constitution, according to these
. figures, is 3,6*29 moi«* than the whole vote of both
parties cast at the election for State officers, when
there was a full turn-out of the people.
Again, no fair-minded man will think I go too
far, in assuming that all the electors who voted
the constitutional ticket as against the ticket of
the disorganizes, at the election for officers and
members of the Legislature, on the 4th of Janu-
ary, under the Lecompton convention, were in
favor of that constitution. Now, in the light of
this position, how does the matter stand? The
average vote cast for the pro-slavery ticket was
6,519. The vote for the constitution with slavery,
on the 21st of December, was 6,226, or 293 votes
less than the vote of the constitutional party on the
4th of January—a difference which is more than
accounted for when we recollect that the voting
on the 21st of December was at an election where
no officers were to be chosen—where there had
been no previous canvassing before the people.
How, Mr. President, does this refute the charge .
of fraud in the vote on the 21st of December' For !
the constitutional vote on the 4th of January was
larger than the vote of the same party m December
by^near three hundred. So, too, it is justifiable to
assume that those who were opposed to the con-
stitution would vote for the disorganizes' ticket
on the 4th of January; yet the vote purporting
have been cast against tiio constitution is 10,226;
wli:]'1 the average vo^ for the ihsor^anjr.prs' ticket
m only 6,30 J, or 3,9-^ less than the vole against
the constitution. This election on the 4th of
January, Mr. President, presents this still fur-
ther singular spectacle: grown-up men, not under
twenty-one years of age, citizens of the United
States, saying they were opposed to the constitu-
tion, and yet at the same time voting for the State
officers and legislators provided for by that very
constitution; estopping themselves, in the most
solemn manner, by the exercise of the highest fran-
chise possessed by freemen; contradicting their
words by their acts.
lJ Verba non audiam quum faeta videam."
Mr. President, this pronunciamiento of Babcock
and Dietzler about the votes for State officers
under the Lecompton constitution, and which is
quoted from by the Senator from Illinois, in his
report of one, is certainly a most extraordinary
paper. It bears date the 14th of January, 1858.
They say, after giving a tabular statement of the
votes, " returns received since." Since when, I
ask? The only date that the paper gives is the
14th January, 1858. Therefore the word4'since"
must refer to that date. But that is impossible,
because that is the very date of making the proc-
lamation. It is contradictory, and necessarily
false—absurdly so.
Eut there is this further extraordinary feature
about these "returns received since;" and that
is, that, according to them, each one of the candi-
dates of the disorganizes gets exactly the same
number of these votes, to wit, G37. But it does
not stop here. Each one of the constitutional
candidates, too, gets exactly the same number of
them, to wit, 6.
How happens it, too, that of the " returns re-
ceived since," the disorganizes get 637, while
the constitutional candidates get only 6?
Why, sir, it appears from their own figures that,
unless they can count(i returns received since,"
their ticket is defeated; but 637 for the disorgan-
izes, against 6 for the constitutional party, would
prevent defeat. I read from that pronunciamiento
as follows:
On the State ticket, the vote as returned stands as fol-
lows :
FREE STATE.
Smithj
Roberts
Scfivvlcr,
Head,
Goodin,
Parrot
Gov.
Lt. Gov. Sec. S'atc.
Trcas.
jludifir
Cons;.
6,338
6,310
6,230
6.248
6,176
6,623
Returns received- since.
637
637
637
637
637
637
6,873
6,947
6 W
0.885
fi,°13
7.260
PRO-SLAV
riiv.
G,539
6,440
6 550
6.50S
6:533
6.563
Re'uriis rcccivcd since
. G
6
6
6
6
6
6.545
6,446
6.-">86
6.314
6,509
6,574
Mr. President, after a patient investigation of
the case, I can see no serious obstacle to the ad-
mission of Kansas into our Federal Union, upon
the constitution now before us. On the contrary,
I see controlling reasons demanding this consum-
mation for that people, reasons of expediency and
right, reasons of legality and constitutional obli-
gation. The welfare of the inhabitants of the
Territory, and the exigencies of the whole nation,
conspire to demand it, and the past action of the
Government in like cases justifies it. For my-
self, sir, I cannot hesitate as to the vote I ought
to give. With the convictions I entertain, I can
meet my own responsibilities according to my
own estimate of them, but by one course. But it
is suggested that civil war may be the result of
doing justice to Kansas. No man, sir, can con-
template that most direful of all calamities with
more horror than I do. Hide, oh hide me from
the day when American soil shall be reddened by
fraternal blood, shed by fratricidal hands! That
may be the day when the dying agonies of my
country will begin. But, Mr. President, I cannot
be deterred from duty by any such vain surmis-
ings of evil. I am convinced that the temperate,
industrious, and order-loving citizens of Kansas
want quiet and repose. The heads of families
desire peaceful homes for themselves and their
households. The people are not all, nor aic the
most of them, restless factionists and agitators,
but solid men of worth and substance. And if
the accounts we get from there are at all reliable,
wueh men tiro longing for a cessation of the tur-
moil which political ngitatois from abroad liave
imposed upon them so long. Let the people of
Kansas once assume the responsibilities of a State
government, let them realize that they-must bear
its burdens and expenses, and soon their conten-,
tions will be composed. The heavy load of quell-
ing turbulence, and of maintaining tKe officers
and the supremacy of the Itvwr in.that Territory,
has heretofore been carried by the Government
of the United States. Let it fall upon the shoul-
ders of the people there, and it will reduce insub-
ordination with marvelous rapidity.
Sir, the whole country is sighing for peace. It
wants this slavery agitation banished- from the
halls of legislation, both State and national, and
localized in Kansas, where it can be dealt with
by those who alone are interested in the question.
The admission of Kansas, therefore, so far from
exciting rebellion in that Territory, 1 verily be-
lieve will prove a measure of pacification—paci-
fication there and throughout the country.
I cannot sit down, Mr. President, without a
word of comment upon another topic. A portion
of the constituency which I have the honor, in part,
to represent on this floor, have been stigmatized,
in connection with Kansas, with infamous names,
and charged with vile outrages, without proof.
Sir, I am one of those who think that vilifying
epithets are seldom justifiable, under any circum-
stances, even against individuals—never against
whole communities;- that they are justly and al-
ways more disgraceful to the utterer of them, than
to the subject. Moreover, that he who puts him-
self forward to make base charges, and does not
fortify them with proof, by the fair-minded and
the just will be classed in the same category with
those who are denounced by Heaven's law as
ready to " bear false witness against their neigh-
bor." My constituents border ruffians! Sir, I
undertake to say, that among the population in-
habiting the counties of Missouri bordering on
Kansas, are men who, in point of natural endow-
ments, in point of breeding, education, and intel-
ligence, will not suffer by comparison with the
population of the same number of counties m any
part of our wide-spread country.
The frontiersmen may also be foun.d in these
counties. Sturdy, and even sometimes rough-of
exterior—not silken, and slippery, and supple,
and yielding—the fit instruments of deception and
treachery—but true, brave, generous, intrepid,
hospitable. Theirs are the stern and manly vir-
tues which constitute the strongest intrenchments
for the preservation of liberty, and the safest bar-
riers against degeneracy and decline.
As a western man I may claim to know in
' some degree—inadequately, I admit—how much
i our country and the cause of humanity owe to
; these frontiersmen. They have been the first to
i follow "the star of empire" in its westward way.
' The wilderness has disappeared before them. The
1 seeds of liberty and learning have been scattered
; by them broad-cast as they have advanced in their
; onward career, and, falling into the rich and vir-
gin soil, they have sprung up and produced abund-
. ant fruit for the people who shall succeed them in
all generations. In their march have risen cities
i and villages, and agriculture, manufactures, and
i commerce. Pioneers they truly ai*e—pioneers of
; pi ogress and population and prosperity; pioneers
' of liberty and law; pioneers of science and civil-
i ization. Our country and the race are their debt-
! ors. Courageous, and uncaring of personal con-
j sequences, the impetuosity of passion in moments
1 of excitement may urge them sometimes to vio-
lence; but they are never false, never fraudulent—
never.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, aftev the
very able and eloquent discourse of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] if 1 had regard simply
to my own reputation in giving utterance to the
thoughts which I have conceived upon the sub*
ject now before us, I should better consult its in-
terests by seeking another occasion for addressing
the Senate; but I am admonished by the increas-
ing impatience of the Senate, by the desire, not
only m this Chamber, but in the public at large to
arrive at an early vote on this subject, that all
personal considerations must be made to give
way, and that each of us must do his duty as
promptly as he can.
Mr. President, the issue to which the Ameri-
can people have been looking forward for some
ypr.rM i>ast, with almost instinctive apprehension,
is now before us. The "urgent, the imperative
