28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
35th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
open the entire year. On both the other routes artesian
wells are necessary to get water at convenient distances,
and this necessity upon the southern route is therefore no
extraoidinaiy argument against it. I may be allowed to
remark that the impression so generally diffused in the
eastern States, that Arizonia Teiritoryis a desert and a
God-forsaken country, is entirely erroneous, ft will be
recollected that California, now celebrated as anagiicul-
tural State, was stigmatized with the same epithets, and
said to produce nothing but gold. Anzonia promises to con-
vince the world that she is able to produce silver enough
to supply all the demands of commerce, and to show to the
emigiant in search of a quiet and fruitful homestead beau-
tiful valleys and clear running streams, where he may cul-
tivate his crops with a fullness of fruition enly known to
the virgin soil of our western possessions."
The scarcity of water has been often urged
against the southern or El Paso route. There is
no route between the Mississippi river and Cal-
ifornia against which the same objection may not
be made. After much examination, we believe
that the wutc selected is freer from this objection
than almost any other. The statements of Lieu-
tenant Mowry and- Mr. Campbell are fully sus-
tained by other authorities. The former, in a
published statement, says:
"The country from El Paso to Tucson, three hundred
and forty miles, is susccpnble of early settlement, and r?,
moreover, one of the finest routes ever opened towards our
western possesion";. In no part of it is there a distance of
over thnty miles without water, and it is often found at
distances of ten and fifteen, with plenty of good grazing
' throughout the entire distance.
" From Tucson, the principal town of the Teinfoiy of !
Arizonia, (throughout the whole length of winch the mute
runs,) to the Gila river, ninety miles, there is no water in
the dry season, and two artesian wells will bo ncee^ary.
In the wet season there is plenty of water. This distance
is traveled at all seasons with mule teams and o-cen, with-
out difficulty. Down the Gila to Tort Yuma, one hundred
and seventy-five miles, there is plenty of water and gt.iss.
From Fort Vuina, on the Coloiado nver, to C.uissacroek,
and San Diego county, California, about one hundred
miles, the route is heavy with sand, and water is found ni
but three places# at all seasons of the year. In the wetsea-
son water is found every few miles. Twenty-tour miles
fiom Fort Yutna, or Colorado city, are Cook's wells, which,
at an expense of $1,000, pan be made to fumi-h an ample
supply. Twenty mx miles beyond ara the Alamo Mucho
well;?, which can be enlaiged, at the same eo->t, to any quan-
tity desired. Thuty miles ftntlier on aie the radian wells,
which will also yield an ample supply. Twenty mile1?
further arc the Hackett"« wells, winch are fed by a snbier-
rancan stroma, aad can also be made to supply anv quan-
tity of water
tk These two distances, from Tucson to the Gila and from
Fott Yuma to Canssa, present the only difficulties on the
route. United, the distance is but one hundred and ninety
miles, and it is traveled at all seasons of the year by heavily-
loaded teams.
'•Fiom C.iri-«sa cietik into San J)iepo the route is well
watered and sdfoul-* excellent grazing. The di^Uinee is one
hundred and twenty-live miles ; but the snpci vigors of San
Picgo county are now engaged m laying oat a new mad,
winch will much shorten the distance.
Mr. Campbell, who, as we have before stated,
traveled over both routes, has borne the most I
ample testimony " that between the Rio Grande I
and Sari Pedro river there are thirteen permanent '
water stations m about two hundred and twenty-
four miles, giving: an average of one m seventeen
miles, and eighteen, including several fine rain-
water stations, where wafer can be preserved,
which willgive an average of one in twelve miles."
We have submitted "this letter of Lieutenant
Mowry to Mr. Campbell. He confirms the state-
ments of Lieutenant Mowry in every important
particular,and furthcrinforms us " that the ninety
miles Jornada from the Tucson to the Gila is
avoided entirely by following1 down the San Pedro
and Gila rivers to the Pimas villages. The dis-
tance from the San Pedro, by either route, to the
Gila, is about the same; and it is probable that,
by following down the Aravaypa, a tributary of
the Gila, discovered by Lieutenant Parke's party,
a distance of many miles can be saved; and in the
Calitro mountains, along tliis route, there is an
abundance of pure water in living streams, fine
grazing, and oak, ash, walnut, and some pine
timber. Deer, antelope, bear, and grouse abound
there also, and many indications of gold were
observed, and gold was found near the S n Pedro
river."
Captain Humphreys, in his report to the Sec-
retary of War, and LieutenantParke, both testify
that a sufficient supply of water can be had on
the route for either a railroad or stage line.
In relation to the relative distance on the two
routes, an examination of the map will exhibit
the fact that the distance from Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore,and Washing-ton, to San
Francisco, its about the same upon both routes.
•Albuquerque route.
Dhtancc from San Francisco to Fort Smith, on the Albu-
querque route, (see Captain Whipple's report, vol. 2,
p. 7(5,) 1,952 miles.
From Fort Smith to New York, (Captain Hum-
phreys's report, Pacific Railroad report, vol. 1,
p. 108).......: -VMS "
Total 3,297 «
El Paso route.
From San Francisco Bay (San Jos6) to Fulton, Lieutenant
Parke's report, 1855, (unpublished,) 1,972 miles.
From San Francisco Bay (San Josd) to San
Francisco    44 "
From Fulton to N^pw York, (Humphreys's report,
in Pacific Railroad jepozt, vol. 1, p. 108) 1,335 "
Total 3,351 "
Making a difference of only fifty-four miles in
favor of the Albuquerque route, as shown by the
Pacific railroad surveys—a difference too small to
be a matter of grave objection. These and other
estimates of distance cannot be expected to be en-
tirely correct; but they approximate the precise
distances as nearly as published surveys and ex-
plorations will allow of. The above difference of
fifty-fourmiles,however,is reduced to four miles,
if we estimate the distance from San Bernardino
to San Francisco, via the Cajon pass, Canada de
los Uvas, and Estcro Plain,* a.5? in the following
table, thereby avoiding the detour of Lieutenant
Pnrke's route, via Santa Barbara and the Gaviote
Pass.
From the latest authorities, for the respective
routes from the Mississippi river at St. Louis, via
Albuquerque, and at Memphis, via El Paso and
Fort Yuma, to San Francisco, California, I find the
most direct distances over which the mail should
travel as follows :
Route from Memphis, via El Paso, $'c.
From Memphis to Pieston (a)  375 miles.
Fioin Prr&ton to Waco Tanks (6) 615 45
Fiom Waco Tanks to Fort Fillmore (c)  -40 u
From Foit Fiiltnoic to Pmi.is villages (d)  306 "
From Punas villages to Fort Yuma (e)  167 u
From Fort Yuma to Sail Dcrnaidmo (/)  180 "
From San Bernardino to San Francisco, via
Caion Pass, Canada de los Uvas, and Estero
Plain U)  420 "
2,103
Route from St- Louis, via Springfield, .Antelope Hills, or
Canadian river, Jllbu.qucrque, ^ c., to San PruntAsco,
From St. Louis to head of Pajantocreek (A).. 860 miles.
Fiom head of Pajarito creek to San Fianetsco
vlt Cation Carnuel or San Antonio, New
Mexico, and via Tah-ce-chay-pah Paso,
California   1,216 "
2,306 "
Fiom St. Louis to Campbell's Pass, via Gal-
isteo (0 1,080 "
Fiom Campbell's Pas? to San Francisco, as
above (j)   1.085 "
2.155 «
Note.—As an interesting comparison between
these two routes, take Captain Whipple's modi-
fied distance—1,952 miles—from Fort Smith to
San Francisco, and add 250 miles in a direct line
from Fort Smith to Memphis, from the general
railroad map above referred to, and wc have
from the same initial point (Memphis) a distance
to San Francisco of 2,202 miles.
Thus the difference in the distances of thn two
routes between the Mississippi river and San
Francisco is too inconsiderable to become ma-
terial.
As a pioneer route for the first great railroad
that may be constructed to the Pacific, the Post-
master Generel has bestowed upon it all the labor
*Sce Birch's proposal.
(a) Sec General Pacific Railroad Map, in hands of en-
graver.
(b) See Captain J. Pope's report, 1854, H. Doc. 129, p. 61.
(c) General Pacific Railroad Map.
(d) Lieutenant Parka's report, unpublished.
(e) Major Emory's reconnaissance, 1846, and Pacific
railroad profile, 32d parallel route.
! (/*) Lieutenant Williamson's surveys, H. Doc. 129, &c.
j (s) Lieutenant Williamson, 1853-54, and Lieutenant
I Parke, 1854-55. unpublished map and report,
j (A) Geneial Pacific Railroad Map, &e.
(?) General Pacific Railroad Map and Captain Whipple's
J undistributed report.
j (j) Captain Whipple's report and General Pacific Rail-
: road Map, &c., &c.
and examination which the multiplied business
of his Department would allow of. If all or a
greater portion of the railroads from the large
cities and the States east of the Mississippi had
concentrated at any one point on that river, such
point would have been selected for the overland
route to California. But such is not the fact.
They concentrate chiefly at St. Louis, Cairo, and
Memphis. Cairo is mentioned in this connection
because, through the Illinois Central, nearly all
the railroads constructed for St. Louis may be
said also to connect with the Mississippiat Cairo.
Finding, therefore, no common center on the
Mississippi, the next desirable object was to find
some common pointwcs£ of that river from which
a main stem could be projected passing westward
to California. If you started out from St. Louis
west you must lose all the connections with the
Cairo and Memphis railroads; but by starting
out from St. Louis, and diverging south with her
railroad now making to her Iron Mountain, you
will presently receive the great railroad coming
out from Cairo, so richly endowed that it is sure
to be made at no distant day. Still bearing south-
westward, we presently receive, at Little Rock,
the other branch of the road from Memphis,
connecting the line with all the great railroads
of Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Tennessee, and Kentucky. Not far from Little
Rock the VicksburgandNewOrleans and Texas
railroads fall in, bringing in, from almost every
portion of the great river, all the connections
which all the Atlantic States north and south can
make to that great highway which we are trying
to establish. Thus it is that we have found west
of the Mississippi what we could not obtain on
it—a common concentration of railroads to a
single point from which the future railroad may
commence, swollen and enlarged in its common
stem by the contributions of the railways coming
in from nearly every State of the Union.
This diversion of the route to a southern direc-
tion, by Little Rock or Preston, has, however,
other advantages than any to which we have as
yet adverted:
" By starting from St. Louis, the great western mart, and
connecting at Little Rock or Preston with the line from
Memphis, the two great sections of the country are accom-
modated.
" Instead of projecting this mail and its attendant bene-
fits into the wilderness, from the frontiers of Missouri, to
buffet with north winds and snows upon the plains of Kan-
sas in winter, and drag over monotonous, waterless, tree-
less wastes in summer, it was located th tough the center of
Missouri, of Arkansas, and throughout the western frontier
of Texas. It will thus develop hitherto unknown resources
in those States. It will open a vast agricultural and mm-
eial legion in Missouu; lend a helping hand to the young,
growing, and unappreciated State of Arkansas ; and con-
duct the hardy pioneer to the delightful woodlands and prai-
nes of Texas. For neailya thousand miles the traveler
will be traversing a country abounding in beauty and in
healthfulness, possessing a salubrious climate and a fruitful
soil.'5
Nor should it be forgotten that 'the southern
location of the route, especially if it shall be fol-
lowed by the construction of a railroad, may
serve a valuable purpose in reference to the
neighboring Republic of Mexico. In time of
peace it will shed its blessings on both nations,
whilst in time of war it wili"furnish a highway
for troops and munitions of war, which might
enable us to vindicate our rights, and preserve
untarnished our national honor.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, AARON V. BROWN.
To the President of the United States.
Report of tlie Secretary of the Navy,
Navy Department,
December 3, 1857.
Sir: The naval force which has been employed
during the past year has been sufficient to give
adequate security to our commerce, and to the
persons and property of American citizens in all
parts of the world.
The home squadron, under the command of its
flag officer, Hiram Paulding, has consisted of the
steam-frigates Wabash and Roanoke, the sloops-
of-war Saratoga and Cyane, and the war-steam-
ers Susquehanna and Fulton. The unsatisfactory
state of affairs in New Granada and portions of
