2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ham, Bowie, Boyce, Brunch, Bryan, John B.Clark, Clem-
ens, James Craig, Btuton Cratge, Crawford, Dirnmick,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Gilhs,
Ooode, Greenwood, Giegg. Thomas L. Harris, Hawkins,
Hopkins, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lawrence, Letter, Letcher, Maclay, Mason, Miles, Miller,
Mdlson. Isaac N. Morris, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Quitman, Reagan, Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Scott,
Searing, Singleton, William Smith, Staliworth, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Underwood, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watkins,Woodson,
and Wortendyke—68.
NAYS—-Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Bennett,
Bingham, BlaiijBlis>&, Buffinton, Builingame, Burns., Case,
Chaffee, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Curtis, Damrell, Davidson, Davisof Indiana, DavisofMis-
siasippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Durfee, Farosworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gaitrell,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Giovv, Robeit B. Hall,
Hatch, Hoard, Horton, Howaid, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kileore,
Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Moms, Freeman II. Morse, Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Redly, Ritchie, Robbing. Royce, Ratlin, Aaion Shaw, John
Sherman, Judsou W. Sherman, Shorter, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewau, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadvval-
adei C. Wa«bbmn, Israel Washburn, White, Wilson,
"Winslow, and John V. Wnght—96.
So the bill was not committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DURFEE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Brayton, had been called home by sickness in
his family, and had paired off until Monday next
with Mr. Smith, of Tennessee.
The amendment to the bill was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENNETT moved the previous question
on the passage of the bifi.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andiews, Atkins,
Barksdale, Bennett, Bnighain, Bhit, Bliss, Bonbain, Bowie,
Boyce, Bufiinton, Binhnaame, Burn*, Campbell, Case,
Chaffee, Ezia (.'lark, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb, John
Cochmne, Coltax, Comins, Covode, Ciaj*m, Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davidson. Davis of Indiana, Davis of M^sis-ippi,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowde)), Dui'Jee,
JSlliott, Ennli-h, Fan is won h, Fenton, Flotenee, Foley,
Foster, Gi(ldina[s, GiIIk. Gooch, Goodwin^Granger, tiroey.
heck, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hill, Hoard, Hoiton, Howaid, Jenkins, J. Glaney Jones,
Kelloug, KcKcy, Kilsou', Knapp, Landv, Leach, Leid,v,
Lovejoy, Mneluv, Metlneen, Samuel S. Mai>hail, Matti>-
sron, Majnaid, Mill-on, Morgan, Morull, Edwaid Joy Mor-
ris, Freeman U. Mnho, Mott, Niblaek, Nichoh, Olm,
Palmer, Paikei, Pendleton, Pettit, IMi<>)p-!, Phillip-*. Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Pumanee, Heiliy, Rieaud, Undue, Holding,
Royee, Rnllin, Unveil, Sandidire, Aaion Shaw, John Sher-
man, JmNon YV. Sheimun, Slioiter, Robeit Smith, Spitmor,
Stanton, Stephen*, .lames A. Siewait, Tappan, Thajer,
Tompkins \Vade, Walhiidge. Waldion, Walton. Cadwal-
aderC. Wa-dilnmi, Elhhu B. VY'a.-vjihurne. l&iael Washburn,
White, and Wihoti—i\M.
NAYS—Messrs. Averv, Bocock, Branch, Caskie, Clav,
Clemens, Crawford, Edmundsoii, Gaitrell, Gieenwood,
Gregg, Thomas L, flam.-, liopkm*, Jlujlei, Jackson, Jew-
ett, Ueoige W. Jones-, Owen Jones l.awienee, Letter,
Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Miles, Miller, M oie, 1-aac
N, Morris, Peyton, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Soales, Sm-
jzleion, William Smith, Stevenson, Undfciwood, Wooden,
and Zolheoller—.18.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say that the post
route bill, including post routes in the Territories
as well as m the States, is in progress of prepa-
ration in committee, and nearly complete, m the
room of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and 1 desire to give notice that upon
the call of committees, if they are called next
week, I shall report that bill. 1 would suggest to
members, therefore, to call at the committee room
and look over the bill, so as to ascertain whether
routes in which they are interested are properly
entered.
PUEBLO LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr, SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, imported a bill to confirm the
land claims to certain pueblos and towns in the
Territory of New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The facts of the case are
very fully set forth in the report of the committee,
which I ask may be read.
Several Members. Let it go.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Very well; if there is no
objection to the bill, I do not care to have the
report read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
previous question upon the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to inquire the
extent of these claims, and how they come here ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. The report sets forth all
the facts of the ease very fully; but I will state
them briefly. These claims were granted to the
Indians one hundred and sixty-eight years ago.
The Indians had revolted, and were reconquered
by the Spanish Government, when the claims were
again confirmed by the Captain General of the
Province. They were in mostinstances confirmed
to four leagues exactly—measuring from the four
corners of the temple in each pueblo—and the
committee thought the intention geneially was to
confiim their claims to four leagues of land.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How many claims are there?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Seventeen.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it be printed. I shall
vote against it; but I do not want the day con-
sumed in the discussion. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I wish to inquire whether
if this bill is referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, it will come up
under the special order to-morrow?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It will, if we
are able to reach it.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. SANDIDGE, who reported the bill, said:
1 will respond now to any question any gentleman
will ask m reference to this bill. The question of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Undeiiwood]
may be answered in this way: these claims, al-
though they aie valid, are not held to be so by
this Government, nor by any of its courts, until
the claim shall have been acted on specifically. I
will say, fin thermore, that the whole land system
of the Territory of New Mexico is held in abey-
ance until these private land claims shall have been
acted on by Congress. All the donation grants
made by the organic law of that Territory are also
suspended until these private land claims shall
have been acted on by Congress. There can be
no diiterencc of opinion as to the justice of con-
firming these claims. If the lepoit of the com-
mittee had been read, there would have been rea-
sons given to the House to satisfy every member
of the necessity of this bill. All the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs of that Territory have urged
upon Congress the necessity of a confirmation of
these claims. These Pueblo Indians are semi-
civilized Christian Indians. Their lands are, and
have been, encroached upon by Mexicans and
our own citizens. Their best lands are constantly
being taken from them, from the fact that their
boundanes cannot be fixed una! their claims aie
confirmed by Congress.
Mr. STANTON. What is the origin of these
cla i m s >
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union will not be agreed
to.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
tin; bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered tu be engrossed and
read a thud time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
JAMES DOUGLAS.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
M ilitary Affairs, reported a bill to refund to .>amcs
Douglas, Governor of Vancouver's Island, §7,000
advanced by lnm, to supply the volunieeis of
Washington Ten i toi y with clothing and blankets
during the late Indian war m that Territory;
winch was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BRANCH, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back a joint resolution and bills
of the following titles, with the recommendation
that they do not pass; which were laid upon the
table-, and ordered to be printed:
A bill (H R. No. 189) for the construction of
a road in the Territory of Nebraska from the
Platte river to the Kansas line.
A bill (H. R. No. 188) to provide for building
bridges across the Platte river, in the Territory
of Nebraska.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) authorizing
the accounting officer of the Treasury to adjust
and settle the accounts of aboard of commission-
ers, appointed under joint resolution of the Ter-
ritorial Assembly of Nebraska to prepare a codc
of laws for the government of the saidTemtory.
On motion of Mr. BRANCH, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Territories be discharged
fiom the further consideiationof the memorial of tlie Major
and City Council of the city of Omaha, Nebraska Territory,
praying that said city may be leimbur^ed for money ex-
pended for work done and materials furnished on the cap-
itol building of said Territory, in preparing the s-ame for Use,
and that the same be laid upon the table.
CHARLES H. MASON.
Mr, BRANCH. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which, on yesterday, a bill for the relief of
Charles H.Mason was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, in oider that it may be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the. Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
NEVADA TERRITORY.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Territories, reported a bill to organize the Ter-
ritory of Nevada; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
MEMBERS OF TERRITORIAL LEGISLATURES.
Mr. KNAPP, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report on the letter of Governor
McMullin, of Washington Territory, recom-
mending an increased per diem to the members
of the Legislature of that Territory; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Joint Committee on
Printing, by unanimous consent presented a re-
port in answer to a resolution of inquiry of the
House, of April 8, 1858; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the .United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed an act making appropria-
tions for the support, of the Military Academy for
the year ending 30th June, 18.39.
THE LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the select
committee on Kansas affairs, presented the report
of that committee; which, with the views of the
minority of the committee, was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up territorial business.
PATENT OFFICE REPORTS.
Mr. SINGLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following lea-
olution:
Resolved, That there he punted foi the u«e of the IIou-so
of Representative-, two bundled tiiou-U'td e\iia copies <>t
the jeport of the Comnn^jnpej ot Patent-son ;i'.fn<'uhim\
joi the year 1857, and ten thousand copies for the n-e ot the
Patent Office: I'rondcd, That the ablegate numb") of
pajjus eon tamed iti tlx- said rc port-hall not oxcced five han-
dled and ^ixty ei^ht, including ten pa?<;s of lllu&tiationf- on
wood. And provided /«W/ier, That the entire amount of
copy necea>aiv to coinp'ete f-anl report be placed in the
hands of the Sup<niiitendent of the Public Punting on or
befoie the 31ft day ot Ausru^t next.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. These
two days have been set apart for territorial pur-
poses, under g. special order.
