1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
necessity for its decision is upon us. Again is a
slaveholding State demanding admission into the
Union, and again is that admission opposed by a
large majority of the Senators and Representatives
oflhe non-slaveholding States of the Confeder-
acy. I am aware that every effort is being made
to conceal the true motive for this hostility. Pre-
texts about the irregularity of the territorial gov-
ernment, charges of fraud and deception, vehe-
ment asseverations of a disregard of the popular
will in the formation of the State constitution —
every pretext, every cause, every motive, that the
ingenuity of their ablest and most practiced de-
baters can suggest, have been brought forward
as the grounds of this hostility. Rut, sir, as the
discussion has progressed, as the excitement of de-
bate has overcome the cold teachings of prudence,
various Senators have made admissions; the truth,
which has been concealcd behind a cloud, has
become apparent to us all, and it is now boldly
avowed that Kansas shall never be admitted as a
slavehoichng State into the Confederacy, not even,
to use the words of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] if the whole people of the Territory
should establish a constitution recognizing that
institution.
Opinions thus maturely formed, thus openly
avowed, are not to be affected by any argument
that I can hope to offer. But, sir, as long as the
Constitution of my country endures, as long as I
have a constitutional duty to perform upon this
floor, I feel myself under the most sacred of all
obligations to protest against the doctrines thus
asserted,and to expose, as far as I can, the falla-
cies by which those doctrines are uphold.
I have still, sir, another duty to perform. As
a member of that committee which is charged in
the Senate with the examination of all subjects
touching the judiciary of the country, it is my
duty to make answer to those charges which are
brought against the highest judges of the land
with a violence, a recklessness, and, 1 regret to be
compelled to add, with a disregard of truth and
deccncy which will yetbring down upon their au-
thors the indignant condemnation of their outraged
con ntrymen.
Mr. President, the whole subject of slavery, so
far as it is involved in the issue now before the
country, is narrowed down at last to a contro-
versy on the solitary point, whether it be compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States,directly
or indirectly, to exclude slavery from theTeiri-
tories of the Union. The Supreme Court of the
United States have given a negative answer to this
proposition, and it shall be my first eiFort to sup-
port that negation by argument, independently of
the authority of the decision.
It seems to me that the radical, fundamental
error which underlies the argument in affirmation
of this power, is the assumption that slavey is
the creature of the statute iaw of the several States
where it is established; that it has no existence
outside of the limits of those States; that slaves
are not property beyond those limits; and that
property in slaves is neither recognized nor pro-
tected by the Constitution of the United States,
nor by international law. I controvert all these
propositions, and shall proceed at once to my
aigumont.
Mr. President, the thirteen colonies, which on
the 4th of July, 177G, asserted their independence,
were British colonies, governed by British laws.
Our ancestors in their emigration to this country
brought with them the common law of England
as their birthright. They adopted its principles
for their government so far as it was not incom-
patible with the peculiarities of their situation in
a rude and unsettled country. Great Britain then
having the sovereignty over the colonies, pos-
sessed undoubted power to regulate their institu-
tions, to control their commerce,and to give laws
to their intercourse, both with the mother country
and the other nations of the earth. If lean show,
as I hope to be able to establish to the satisfaction
of the Senate, that tiie nation thus exercising
sovereign power over these thirteen colonies did
establish slavery in them, did maintain and pro-
tect the institution, did ongmate and carry on the
slave trade, did support and foster that trade,that
it forbade the colonies permission either to eman-
cipate or export their slaves, that it prohibited
them from inaugurating any legislation in dimi-
nution or discouragement of the institution—nay,
sir, mo'.Tj if at the date of our Revolution I can
show that African slavery existed in England as
it did on this continent, if I can show that slaves
were sold upon the slave mart, irt the Exchange
and other public places of resort in the city of
London as they were on this continent, then I
shall not hazard too much in the assertion that
slavery was the common law of the thirteen States
of the Confederacy at the time they burst the
bonds that united them to the mother country.
The first permanent colonial settlement made
on this continent by the English was made under
a charter granted in 1606, in the fourth year of
.James I., to Sir Thomas Gates and his associ-
ates. 1 leave out of view, as a matter of course,
the few abortive attempts that were made toward
the close of the sixteenth century by Sir Gilbert
Humphreys in the north, and by Sir Walter
Raleigh in the State which is represented by my
friend from Virginia. Those attempts were all
abortive. Itis familiar to us all how disastrously
th^y terminated. I say the first permanent set-
tlement made under the authority of the British
Crown on this continent was under the charter
of 1606. That charter was subsequently super-
seded upon quo warranto issued at the instance
of the British Crown, and in 1620 anothcrcharter
took its place, granted to the Duke of Lenox and
his associates, who were incorporated under the
name of the Plymouth company. To that com-
pany the coast was granted from the fortieth to
the forty-eighth degree of north latitude. This
charter was followed by successive grants to dif-
ferent noblemen and companies, until the entire
coast was disposed of. In 1664, to the Duke of
York was granted all the territory as far south as
Delaware Bay, and in 1663 and 1C66, to Lord
Clarendon and his associates the entire coast of
the continent from the twenty-ninth degree of
north latitude to that celebrated line of 36° 30'
north, since so famous in the history of our intes-
tine disputes. Thus was conveyed the whole
coast comprised within our present limits.
Prior to this very first settlement, the slave trade
had been inaugurated and established in Great
Britain. The first notice which history gives us
of it is the grant of a charter by Queen Eliza-
beth, to a company formed for the purpose of
supplying slaves to the Spanish-American colo-
nies. The Virgin Queen herself was ^slaveholder.
Subsequently, m 1662, under Chatles II., a mo-
nopoly was ciuatcd m favor of a company author-
ized to export to the colonies three thousand
slaves per annum; and so valuable was this priv-
ilege considered, so much influence was required
for the purpose of obtaining a share in it, that it
was placed under the auspices of the Queen Dow-
ager and the Duke of York. The King himself
issued his proclamation, inviting his subjects to
establish themselves on this side of the Atlantic;
and as on encouragement to the migration, ten-
dered a grant of one hundred acres of land for
each four slaves that they would employ in the
cultivation of it.
The merchants of London found their trade to
the slave coast very much cramped by this royal
monopoly, granted to royal favorites; and they
continued to stun the ear of the Commons with
loud complaints that they were excluded from the
advantages of so prosperous a traffic; and in 1695
the Commons of England, in Committee of the
Whole, resolved " That for the better supply of
the plantations, all the subjects of Great Britain
should have liberty to trade in Africa for negroes,
with such limits as should be prescribed by Par-
liament. "
In the 9th and 10th William III., an act was
passed partially relaxing this monopoly, the pre-
amble to which states that—
" Tho tiat]f" ivas highly beneficial and advantageous totlic
kingdom, and to the plantations; and colonies thereunto be-
longing."
This partial relaxation was unsatisfactory. Pe-
titions continued to pour in. In 1708 the Com-
mons again resolved—
That the trade was important, and ought to be free and
open to all the Queen's .subjects trading from Great Brit-
am.''
And in 1711 they again resolved that " this
trade ought to bo free in a regulated company; the
plantations ought to bo supplied with negroes at
reasonable rates; a considerable stock was neces-
sary for cariying on the trade to the best advant-
age, and that an export of <£100,000 at least, m
merchandise, chould.be annually made from Great
Britain to Africa." Finally, in the year 1749,
these repeated resolutions of the Commons, and
petitions of the merchants of London, accom-
plished the desired result. They gained their
object by the passage of the act of 23d George
IL, declaring "the slave trade to be very advan-
tageous to Great Britain, and necessary for sup-
plying the plantations and colonies thereunto
belonging with a sufficient number of negroes at
reasonable rates."
This legislation, Mr. President, as I have said
before, emanating from the mother country, fixed
the institution upon the colonies. They could not
resist it. AH their right was limited to petition,
to remonstrance, and to attempts at legislation at
home to diminish the evil. Every such attempt
was sternly repregpd by the British Crown. In
1760, South Caronria passed an act prohibiting
the further importation of African slaves. The act
was rejected by the Crown; the Governor was rep-
rimanded ; and a circular was sent to all the Gov-
ernors of all the colonies, warning them against
presuming to countenance such legislation. In
I7G5, a similar bill was twice read in the Assem-
bly of Jamaica. The news reached Great Britain
before its final passage. Instructions were sent
out to tho royal Governor; he called the House of
Assembly before him, communicated his instruc-
tions, and forbade any further progress of the bill.
In 1774, in spite of this discountenancing action
of the mother Government, two bills passed the
Legislative Assembly of Jamaica; anil the Earl
of Dartmouth, then Secretary of State, wrote to
Sir Basil Keith, the Governor of the colony, that
" these measures had created alarm to the mer-
chants of Great Britain engaged in that branch
of commerce;" and forbidding him, " on pain of
removal from his Government, to assent to such
laws."
Finally, in 1775—mark the date—1775—after
the revolutionary struggle had commenced, whilst
the Continental Coneress was in session, after
armies had been levied, after Crown Point and
Ticonderoga had been taken possession of by the
insurgent colonists,and after the first blood shed
in the Revolution had reddened the spring sod
upon the green at Lexington, this same Earl of
Dartmouth, in answer to a remonstrance from the
agent of the colonics, replied:
" Wc cannot allow tho colonics to check or discourage in
any degree a traffic so beneficial to the nation."
I say, then, that down to the very moment
when our independence was won, slavery, by the
statute law of England, was the common law of
the old thirteen colonies. But, sir, my task does
not end here. I desire to show you that by her
jurisprudence, that by the decisions ofher judges,
and the answers of her lawyers to questions from
the Crown and from public bodies, this same
institution was declared to be recognized by tho
common law of England; and slaves were de-
clared to be, in their language, merchandise, chat-
tels, just as much private property as any other
merchandise or any other chattel.
A short time prior to the year 1713, a contract
had been formed between Spain and a certain com-
pany, called the P^oyal Guinea Company, that had
been established in France. This contract was
technically called in those days an assiento. By
the treaty of Utrecht of the 11th of April, 1713,
Great Britain, through her diplomatists, obtained
a transfer of that contiact. She yielded considera-
tions for it. The obtaining of that contract was
greeted in England with shouts of joy. It was
considered a trummh of diplomacy. It was fol-
lowed ,m the mon tii of May, 1713, by a new con-
tract in form, by which the British Government
undertook, for the term of thirty years then next
to come, to transport annually 4,800 slaves to the
Spanish American colonics, at a fixed price. Al-
most immediately after this now contract, a ques-
tion arose in the English Council what was the
true legal character of the slaves thus to be ex-
ported to the Spanish American colonies; and,
according to the forms of the British constitution,
the question was submitted by the Crown in coun-
cil to the twelve judges of England. I have their
answer here; it is in these words;
"In pursuance of bis Majesty's order in council, here-
unto annexed, wo do humbly certify our opinion to be that
negioeri are merchandise."
Signed by Lord Chief Justice Holt, Judge Pol-
Iexfen, and eight other judges of England.
Mr. MASON. What is the date of that?
