1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Central America required the increase of this
squadron, and the almost constant presence of a
considerable force in the neighborhood, both on
the Atlantic and the Pacific.
In January the Wabash returned from Aspin-
wall to New York, with the officers and crew of
the St. Mary's; in April sailed for Aspinwall; in
June returned again to New York, with one hun-
dred and thirty-eight of the destitute and suffer-
ing American citizens who had been involved in
the troubles of Central America; and on the 29th
of July sailed again for Aspinwall, where she
still remains.
In May the Cyane sailed from Aspinwall upon
a short cruise, touching at Carthagena, thence to
San Juan del Norte; in June received on board,
and transported to Aspinwall, the men who were
brought home by the Wabash, and proceeded
herself to Boston with fifty-three of the sick and
wounded. On the 2d of September she sailed on
a cruise to the eastward, returned to Hampton
Roads October 30, and on the 19th of November
sailed for Cape Haytien to the relief of an Amer-
ican vessel and two American seamen, seized upon
suspicion by order of the Haytien Government.
The Roanoke, while making her six months'
trial trip at sea, was under the command of Captain
Montgomery, temporarily attached to this squad-
ron. On the 30th of May she sailed for Aspin-
wall, and returned on the 4th of August, with
two hundred and five of Walker's men. It being
necessary to put her in dock, she was sent from
New York to Boston,and putoutof commission.
All these men were brought home without pre-
vious orders; but such was their deplorable con-
dition , that it was an act of humanity which could
not and ought not to be dispensed with; and the
Department approved it. The expense of pro-
viding forthem necessary food, clothing, and med-
icine, while on shipboard, amounted to $7,376 16,
for which an appropriation is recommended.
The Saratoga having returned to Norfolk, in
December, proceeded, on the 16th of January,
on a cruise, visiting St. Domingo,, St. Thomas,
Venezuela, Cura§oa, Aspinwall, and San Juan del
Norte; thence, by way of Aspinwall, the Island
of Grand Cayman, Havana, and Key West, she
returned to Norfolk, where she arrived on the
29th of April. On the 23d of May she left Nor-
folk for Aspinwall, and will soon be relieved by
the Susquehanna.
The Fulton was put in commission in Septem-
ber, and sailed from Washington on the 14th of
October for Mobile, New Orleans, and Chiriqui,
in New Granada, for the purpose of inteaccpting
and preventing unlawful expeditions from the
United States against Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and
Mexico. Instructions, having the same object
in view, were given to Commodore Paulding at
Aspinwall, and Commander Chatard at San Juan
del Norte.
The Susquehanna, having been ordered from
the Mediterranean to the home squadron, has
doubtless arrived at Key West and proceeded to
San Juan del Norte with similar instructions.
If any unlawful expedition from the United
States against Nicaragua, Costa Rica, or Mexico,
shall succeed in effecting a landing, it will be
because it has been able to elude the vigilance of
this squadron.
The Jamestown is now preparing at Philadel-
phia to join it, and will soon be ready for sea.
The force in the Pacific, under the command
of the flag officer, William Mervine, has con-
sisted of the frigate Independence, the sloops-of-
war St. Mary's, John Adams, and Decatur, and
the war-steamer Massachusetts. A large part'of
„this squadron has been much usefully employed
at Panama and on the coast of Central America,
where its presence was deemed indispensable.
The Independence sailed, August 3, from Pan-
ama to San Francisco, to be stationed at the navy-
yard as a receiving ship, and for the general pur-
poses of the yard, under the command of Com-
mander Fairfax. During her long stay at Panama,
her officers, at intervals of leisure, were engaged
in surveys and expeditions of much interest. A
party was dispatched, in charge of Lieutenant
James B. McCauley, to explore the timber re-
sources about the Gulf of San Miguel, the mouth
of the Darien, one hundred miles from Panama.
The expedition was eminently successful.
The John Adams was ordered home, in Sep-
tember, to Norfolk.
The Massachusetts, having been stationed in
Puget Sound to aid in preventing Indian disturb-
ances, when her presence was no longer required
was ordered to San Francisco; and, arriving there
in April, was, in June, put out of commission.
The Decatur was also employed on the north-
west coast in suppressing Indian hostilities, from
which she proceeded to San Francisco, thence to
Panama, and arrived there March 9. On the 1st
of April the officers and crew were reliev^l by
others, sent across the Isthmus. In June she
sailed from Panama for Punta Arenas and San
Juan del Sur; August 5 she returned to Panama,
with twenty-five of Walker's men.
The St. Mary's sailed from Panama, in Janu-
ary last, with orders to touch on the coast of
Central America, and thence proceed to Jarvis
and .New Nantucket islands, which were sup-
posed to possess valuable deposits of guano. She
was detained on the coast of Central America by
the condition of affairs there, and did not con-
tinue her course to those islands until June.
Commander Davis had instructions to visit them,
to make soundings, to ascertain their location,
and the quantity and quality of their guano de-
posits, to make other observations useful to navi-
gation, and to return by the Sandwich Islands to
San Francisco. She proceeded to Jarvis and New
Nantucket islands, made the soundings, surveys,
and examination which had been ordered, and,
proceeding thence to Honolulu, arrived there on
the 23d of September. Commander Davis re-
ports that nothing resembling guano was found
at either of those islands. He, however, pro-
cured several samples of the soil from a sufficient
variety of places, fully to illustrate the character
of the deposits. The American Guano Company
having previously, under the act of August 18,
1856, given to the State Department the proper
notice of discovery, and entered into the required
bond, Commander Davis, no conflicting claims
appearing, took formal possession of the islands
in the name of the United States, and deposited
in the earth a declaration to that effect, executed
on parchment and well protected.
In view of the large fleet of whale ships, in
number about two hundred, carrying seven thou-
sand men, that usually visit the Sandwich Islands
in the fall of the year, Commander Davis, at the
earnest solicitation of the United States Commis-
sioner, and of many of the principal American
merchants, decided to prolong his stay there.
Commodore Mervine having been ordered home,
and the Independence to San Franeiseo, Captain
John C. Long has gone out to succeed him, sail-
ing from Boston, October 17, in his flag-ship, the
Merrimack. The steam-frigate Saranac, under
Captain John Kelly, has sailed for the Pacific to
supply the place of the John Adams. The Van-
dalia has recently left Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, for the same station.
It was deemed necessary, as a measure of hu-
manity and policy, to direct Commodore Mer-
vine to give General Walker and such of his
men, citizens of the United States, as were will-
ing to embrace it, an opportunity to retreat from
Nicaragua. Before these instructions were re-
ceived, Commodore Mervine had sent Com-
mander Davis, with the St. Mary's, to San Juan
del Sur, with instructions to protect the persons
and property of American citizens. With this
authority only, Commander Davis negotiated with
General Walker terms of capitulation, under
which he surrendered with his men, and was con-
veyed to Panama, whence he proceeded to the
United States. Commander Davis also received
from General Walker the surrender of a small
schooner which he had detained, called the Gra-
nada, and delivered her to the Niearaguan au-
thorities. The action of Commander Davis, so
far as he aided General Walker and his men, by
the use of the St. Mary's, to retreat from Nicar-
agua and return to the United States, was ap-
proved by the Department; but his interference
with the Granada, and her transfer to the Nicar-
aguan authorities, by his intervention, was not
approved. The whole number of men surren-
dered and carried to Panama was about three
hundred and sixty-four. Commodore Mervine,
finding his squadron suddenly incumbered with
these men, in the most wretched condition, suf-
fering for the want of everything, and endanger-
ing the health of those.under his command, had
no mode of relief except by turning them adrift,
which was impossible, or sending them by the
railway to Aspinwall. Adopting the latter al-
ternative, he was under the necessity of drawing
on the Department, in favor of the railway com-
pany,for $7,475, being the amount which would
be due for transporting them across the Isthmus
at the usual rate of charge. This bill has neither'
been paid, accepted, nor protested. The com-
pany voluntarily relinquished the personal re-
sponsibility of Commodore Mervine, and put the
bill at the disposal of the Government. I submit
it, with an expression of my conviction that Con-
gress should make reasonable provision for it;
and also for the expenses of providing these men
while on shipboard with necessary food, clothing,
and medicine, of which an estimate will hereafter
be furnished.
The Mediterranean squadron, under its flag
officer, Samuel L. Breese, was composed of the
frigate Congress, the steam-frig-ate Susquehanna,
and the sloop Constellation. The Susquehanna,
having aided in the attempt to lay the telegraphic
cable across the Atlantic, has been ordered home,
as already mentioned, and attached to the home
squadron; and Commodore Breese having been
ordered, with his flag-ship, the Congress, to the
United States, they will not be replaced by others
until the opening of the spring, leaving the Con-
stellation, under the command of Captain Charles
H. Bell, to look after the interests of the United
States in that quarter.
The vessels of this squadron have visited many
ports in the Mediterranean, where their presence
has had an important influence by giving a feeling
of security to citizens of the United States residing
there, and thus promoting our commercial in-
terests.
The Brazil squadron,during the past year, has
been under the command of flag officer French
Forrest, and has consisted of the frigate St. Law-
rence and the sloops Falmouth and Germantown.
The Germantown, being ordered home, arrived
at Norfolk February 9, and having been repaired,
sailed for the East Indies on the 4th of August, to
be employed as part of the force oil that station.
The Falmouth having been sent home by Com-
modore Forrest for repairs, which being com-
pleted, she was sent back at the earliest moment
to rejoin the St. Lawrence. It is proposed,at an
early day, to add the brig Perry to this squadron.
These two squadrons, the Brazil arid the Med-
iterranean-, have been able quietly and effectively
to perform the duties required of them, respect-
ively, without any act of direct interference.
The Jamestown, Cumberland, St. Louis, Vin-
cennes, Dale, and Dolphin, have been employed
on the coast of Africa. Commodoie Crabhe, late
in command on that station, arriving at Philadel-
phia with the Jamestown, on the 2d of June, was
succeeded by the present flag officer of the squad-
ron, Thomas A. Conover, who, on the 23d of the
same month, sailed from Boston in his flagship,
the Cumberland. The Dale left Norfolk May 5
to relieve the Dolphin, which arrived at Boston
I July 22. The Yincennes left New York on the
I 20th November, to relieve the St. Louis. The
sloop Marion is preparing to join the squadron.
The force on the coast of Africa has fully accom-
plished its main object, by discharging the obli-
gations we are under by the treaty of August 9,
1842, for the suppression of the slave trade.
The steam-frigate San Jacinto, Commander
Henry H. Bell, and the sloops-of-war Portsmouth,
Commander Foote, and Levant, CommanderWil-
liam Smith, have constituted the East India squad-
ron, under flag officer James Armstrong. The
duties of this squadron have been arduous, and
the officers and men attached to it distinguished
themselves on a memorable occasion.
On the 15th of November, 1856, as one of the
boats belonging to the squadron was passing up
the river to Canton with the American flag fully
displayed, it was several times fired upon by the
Barrier forts, endangering the lives of all on
board. This outrage was promptly resisted arid
redressed by the capture and destruction of the
forts,and razing their walls to the ground. These
■' forts, four in number, commanding the approach
