1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the report
cannot lie submitted, inasmuch as there is a mo-
tion pending to fro into Committee of the Whole
on the s:aie of ihe Union.
Mr 8!NG Ll£ TON. I will stute that it is im-
portant that thiN mattershould beattended to now,
if gentlemen want the report at all.
Mr la ROW After the territorial business is
concluded the ge/jtionmn can offer Ins resolution.
Mr SINGLKTON 1 withdraw the resolution.
Mr. JONEri, ol Tennessee i would inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi if this agricul-
tural report of the Patent Office has been presented
here?
Mi*. SINGLETON. 1 have withdrawn the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has reference
to that.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Commit lee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Excusii m the < hair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of temtonal business.
COURTS IN TERRITORIES.
The first bill on the Calendar of territorial busi-
ness was House biil (No. 59) in regard to courts
and the holding of the terms thereof, m the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, repoi ted back with an amend-
ment.
The amendment was reported. It authorizes
the judges of the supreme court in each Terri-
tory of the United States, to hold counts within
their respective districts and counties for the pur-
pose of hearing- and determining al! matters and
cases, except those in which the United States are
a party, provided that the expenses thereof be paid
by the Territories or counties, and shall not be
changeable to the United State.s.
Mr. FERGUSON. I have consulted with the
Delegates from the various other Territories, and
they have agtecd to the amendment—to make the
act extend to all the Territories.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it wiis agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-'
ported to the House, with a recommendation tlyit
it do pass.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The next Hill in otder upon the Calendar was
a bill (H. R. No. 544) to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico.
The bill, which was read in extensn, provides
for the establishment of a board of commission-
ers, for the purpose of ascertaining and settling
the private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico,
The Cleik then proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. This is a \ery long and com-
plicated bill, and wi'l occupy agood deal of time.
J do not see the gentleman who reported it [Mr.
Blair] in his seat. J move that it be passed over.
I should like, for one, to have some explanation
of the hill before I vote upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill cannot be post-
poned except by unanimous consent.
Several Mdmbhrs objected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The pro-
visions of this bill are familiar to me. I am as
much opposed to it a a to any bill that I have ever
known to come before Congress. It proposes
nothing at all but a repetition m Now Mexico of
what v/e have done m California. They who h,i ve
served in the Ilou^e, and w hoseattention has been
called to the hn.nd mstituted for California,must
have been stiuck with the fact that tins bill is a
compendium of all that we ever passed upon that
subject. Under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
the rights of the people of New Mexico, Mexi-
cans and others, are secured. Although we may
institute land commissions from now until the day
of judgment, and although we may decUue that
what tnmspnes befon' the lurid commissions shall
be conducive between the United States and the
c'auiiJnts, so Ionic as the treaty is the supreme lav/
of 1 iie land, we cannot conclude a party. Spec-
ulate s will avail themselves of the right to gather
up hereafter the inchoate titles, and to assert them
in the courts of the United States over the titles
persons may acquire by entry upon lands which
you have forfeited before the board of land com-
missioners. My experience convinces me that,
by the passage of such a bill as this, we shall only
p! ovide litigation for these people of a foreign race
whom we have taken under our Government, and
whose rights we have secured by treaty If we
intend to protect those rights, this is the worst
mode in which v/e can set about the business.
Look at the provisions of this bill. You in-
stitute aboard of land commissioners, and require
every man having a private land title m New Mex-
ico, to bring his title before this board. If you
refer to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, you
will see that you have secured to eveiy man m
New Mexico, who holds a title, the right to it,
whether it be perfect or inchoate, although he
should never choose to exhibit it to your board.
What is the object of requiring him to come be-
fore your board ? You say, in order that you may
determine what is private and what ispubhcland".
That may be the purpose; it wii! not be the only
effect. When this thing was first done to Cali-
fornia, Colonel Benton opposed it. We have now
no excuse for following the example set then,
with the history of California before our eyes,
in the progress of our connection with California,
a great many provisions of this bill were put in,
subsequently, as amendments to the original law.
I They are all in this bill. You require every man
! to come up and spread the evidence of his title be-
: fore a board of commissioners; you permit the
| district attorney to appeal from the decision of '
j the board of commissioners to the district court. |
, See section twelve for the following: ~ !
| " That in evoiy ca«o in which the bonid of connni^um- !
■ pis !«hall rendei «i hnal dccir-ion, it shall be then duty to
1 have two cci tilled tiaiircripts ]>><'paujd ui then pincrednigs
! and duc-onr.. and of the papt i- and evidence on winch the
i same are founded ; one of which tum-cript'- -4iaH be met!
I with the cleik oi thepiopei di>tnctcouit,aud the other-shall
i be UAii-mstUid to the Attorney Geneial of the United
States
By this proceeding you require the whole chain
of title to every foot of land m New Mexico to
which there has been a Spanish or Mexican claim,
with the evidence upon which*itis founded, to be
! sent to the Attorney General'soffice, in the city of
\ Washington, in order that he may judge whether
j the United States will appeal to the Supreme Coui t
I of the United States. And when these records
i come to the Attorney General's office, what is
; there to prevent them from being1 copied, and cop- j!
i ied for lawyers, for the purpose of ascertaining 1
i whether there is any flaw or weak place in the jj
! title of any man in New Mexico? What is there :
i to preventlawyers herefrom resolving themselves
j into a committee of speculators at the seat of Gov- '
I eminent, to harass these people m New Mexico
| out of their lives, as well as out of their lands >
| The New Mexican has a ri^ht to his land by
: treaty; but the effect of this bill is to embark him
1 on a boundless sea of litigation where no man's
: title is safe, and whei e no man can obtain his tide
; without years of toil and risk; for, after the board
' of commissioners have decided against the Gov-
| ernment, the district attorney may then carry it
j fo the district court of the United States; after it
' has been earned through the district court, it wjJI
! come to the Supreme Couit, where, with good
lu^k, one may obtain a decision m ten years. By
1 that time, some man who has " squatted" upon
I the land , under the pretense that it is public land,
i (the ordinal holder not having been able to show
j a jiateni.) will contest the title of the holder of the
i old grant, and this new litigation must be under-
' taken: so with every man who may set; fit to set
! up a cl-um for the land; anJ rhe Commissioner of
| theGeneial Land Oifice cannot irive the patent
: until the litigation is wholly concluded. When
' will that take place? Pos&ibly in the second or
third geneiation.
i Sir, if you want the squatters and speculatois
' to cheat these people of New Mexico out of their
i lands, pass this bill. If you want to violate your
; treaty and iuibet a cur^e upon New Mexico, pass
: this bul. 1 will guaranty that it will produce a
rewiuion of the '■liornnin's thef have been perpe-
trated upon the Spnnish holders of titles m Cali-
fornia foi the last ten years.
These people are entitled by the treaty to their
! lands. Is this the h\-i^t expensive mod" by which
| their title can be a-<cenamed; it a man wants
I his title to his land established by testimony,
] what is to prevent the Unitonal court from estab-
i lishing it? What is to prevent the Territorial Le-
; gislaturc from enacting a simple piocess for ascer-
taming the boundary of concessions, such as is
1 adopted in many of tiie western States—let a sur-
| veyor go upon the ground and run the lines, m
! the presence of witnesses, and declare this pro-
| cessiomng shall be evidence of title after its regis-
| tration, undisputed, for a ccrtain time? Why
, force the holder, in every particular instance, to
j prove his title before a board of commissioners?
j Why compel everyone to resort to this mo<t ex-
| ■pensive mode of litigation? Why not permit the
j Territorial Legislature to establish a simple pro-
I cess by which the matter may come before the
t territorial courts for adjudication? By the adop-
| tion of this system we shall commence a war upon
| the people of New Mexico; for itis nothing more
j nor less than the worst sort of war to start the
| United States as ahtigantupon one side, and each.
! private claimant to land uhder Spanish title as the
j litigant on the other, and then to give every man
who chooses to contest the claim to the land for
which the United States can show no claim, lib-
erty to come forward and to use the authority of
the United States, ad infinitum, in prolongation of
the controversy!
I practiced my profession for many years in a
county which was subjected to these cross titles.
I speak from experience when I assure the com-
mittee that the passage of this bill will impose the
greatest curse upon the people of New Mexico
that Congress can inflict upon them. I have no
furtherimerest in this matter than to prevent what
I am convinced will prove the greatest injustice
to that people.
II is said the Messilla Valley is rich in minerals.
Then the Mesilla Valley will be overrun by a
parcel of squatters. If the proprietors under the
Spanish grants are required to produce before a
board of commissioners the evidence by which
they hold their property, they wrll never see the
end of the law, nor will they ever obtain what
they are entitled to by the treaty. No, sir; this
is a bill of pains and penalties for the people of
New Mexico; it is a bill to forfeit their estates. It
is a bill of escheat to pass the grants made under
prior sovereignties to whoever may choose to squat
upon the lands of New Mexico.
When this thing was attempted in California,
the result was foretold, though the same excuse,
was offered then that is presented now to justify
this proceeding. 1 do not know what the condi-
tion of California may be to-day, but though the
law to separate private from public lands in Cal-
ifornia was made in 1848, up to J85T there had
been but one patent issued in that State, and that
was a title which was coerced by the mandamus
of the Supreme Coui t of the United States, in Ft tu-
rnout's Mariposa case. It was the only patent
that had been issued in California from the date
of the peace up to Ii>57.
I have, sir, some consideration for the people of
Now Mexico; they are of foreign ougin. This is
one of the cases where I can make a speech for
the rights of him who was an alien. They have
rights under the treaty; I wantto preserve those
rights. I do not want to see the paternal Govern-
ment of the United States, which should be just
and equal to all its citizens, instituting what all of
us should know is a system of oppression upon
the people of New Mexico. I would rather let
these people go before theirown territorial tribu-
nals. I am m favor of letting the Territorial Le-
gislature provide the means of ascertaining the
boundaries of the claims, of letting them prescribe
their own limitations; and I am in favorof letting
them have their lands suiveved. What shall we
do with this land when we get it? put it up and
sell it for 25 an acre, and after it has been awhile
in maiket sell it for a hit an acre. I presume that
much of it is not worth a bit an acre. But when
we shall have acquired it, at the end of that long
litigation, we will let the preomptor toko it. The
preemptor will settle it: and, sir, the bona jdle
holder, under Spanish title, will grow gray before
he will ever have his title settled, and the pre-
emptor wiirbe dead and buried before his children
will iivUn a title that will be worth a cent.
But, again, I ask you to observe that you are
making a new corps of officers: three commission-
ers, salaries $10,000; attorneys, cleiks, agents,
&c. You are sending to Nesv Mexico a whole
coips of Federal officers for no other conceivable
purpose than to superintend the best mode by
