30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
to Canton, were among the strongest defenses of
the Empire, mounting one hundred and seventy-
six guns. The prompt and decisive course pur-
sued by Commodore Armstrong, his officers and
men, has caused the flag of the United States to
be respected by the Chinese, contributed largely
to the security of our citizens in China, and,
during the troubles which followed, has probably
been the means of saving many lives and much
property.
The Portsmouth, in January, sailed for Shang-
hai, visited all the ports north of Canton open to
our vessels by treaty, and in March returned to
Hong Kong. In April she was dispatched to
Singapore to look into the affair of the Dutch
bark "Henrietta Maria," and having accom-
plished the object of her visit, she proceeded to
Siam with Mr. Charles William Bradley, United
States Consul at Ningpo, bearing a treaty of
amity and commerce between thc'Unitcd States
and Siam for ratification by that Government.
While there she was visited by one of the Kings
of Siam, a courtesy never before extended to a
man-of-war of any nation. On the 17th of June
she sailed with Mr. Bradley for Ilong Kong,
thence to Shanghai, from which port she sailed
on the 29th of August for Simoda and Hakodadi,
Japan.
The Levant, in February, was ordered to Ma-
nilla with invalids of the squadron, to obtain a
passage for them to the United States. She left
Maniilain March for Shanghai, was there docked,
and 011 the 23d of Juno sailed for Hong Kong.
Orders were sent out 011 the 16th September for
her return to Boston.
The San Jacinto, at the latest dates, was at
Shanghai, whore she arrived on the 2.'!il of June
from Hong Kong, having in view the health of
officers and crow which required a change of cli-
mate.
The open hostilities existing between the Eng-
lish and the Chinese, the consequent embarrass-
ments of trade, and the prospect of obtaining much
better commercial arrangements with Cliiiia, ren-
dered ail increase of our naval force in those seas
a measure of prudence, if not of necessity. Ac-
cordingly, the steam-frigates Minnesota and Mis-
sissippi, and the s]oop- f-wnr Germantovvn were
ordered to that, station. The Minnesota sailed
from Norfolk July 1, the Germantown August 4,
and the Mississippi from New York August 19.
The lion. William B. Reed, Efivoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the
Uni ted States to China, went out in the Minnesota.
The steam frigate Powlmtau has been ordered
to China to relieve the San Jacinto, and Captain
.Tosiah 1<\ Tattnall to succeed Commodore Ann-
strong as the flag officer of the squadron.
The late President of the United States, yonr
immediate predecessor, having accepted the offer
which you courteously extended to him of the
use of a public vessel to convey him and his fam-
ily to Maderia, the Powhatan will receive them
on board at Norfolk ami convey them to that
island.
Besides the squadrons, other vessels have been
in commission. The steamer Michigan, under
Commander Charles II. McDlair, is upon the
northwestern lakes.
The steam-frigate Merrimack returned to Bos
ton,111 Mai eh, from a successful trial trip of six
months, umU-r Captain Pendergrast; she has
since gone out as the flag-ship of the Pacific
squadron.
The sloop-of-war Preble, the practice-ship at
the Naval Academy, under Commander Joseph
F. Green, has, with the first and third classes
of acting midshipmen, made the usual summer
cruise, from which they have derived much piac-
tical information in their profession. The report
of the cruise is herewith transmitted.
The store-ship Relief, under Lieutenant Cooke,
returned to New York in January, having con-
veyed stores to the squadron on the coastof Bra-
zil. The store-ship Supply, under Lieutenant
A. P. V. Gray, performed a similar duty, suihnc
from New York 111 April, returning in August"
and has since sailed with stores for the African
and Brazil squadrons.
The bark Release, under Lieutenant Simms,
dispatched in November, 1856, under the direc-
tion of the Department of the Interior, to Dem-
arara and Venezuela, to procure cuttings of sugar
cane, returned to New Orleans in February, with
three hundred tons of the cuttings. She landed
her cargo, proceeded to New York, and arrived
there March 19. In June, undw Lieutenant
Brasher, she sailed from New York for Aspin-
wall with stores for the squadron in the Pacific,
and in August returned to Boston.
In accordance with the joint resolution of Con-
gress approved August 28, 1856, the bark Res-
olute, late one of an English exploring squadron,
abandoned in the Arctic seas, purchased by the
United States from her salvors, and thoroughly
repaired and refitted, was tendered to the British
Government.
As stated in the last annual report, the Reso-
lute, under the command of Commander Hart-
stene, sailed from New York for England No-
vember 13, 1856; she arrived at Portsmouth De-
cember 12, and on the 16th was delivered to the
Glueen of Great Britain in person. Commander
Hartsteno performed the duty assigned him to
the entire satisfaction of the Department, and
was received in England, both by Government
and people, with every manifestation of the high
appreciation with which they regarded this signal
mark of courtesy and friendly feelmg on the part
of the Government and people of the United States.
The act of March 3, 1857, " to expedite tele-
graphic communication for the uses of the Gov-
ernment in its foreign intercourse," authorized
the employment of two ships in laying down a
telegraphic cable from the coast of Newfoundland
to the coast of Ireland. The Niagara, then at
New York, nearly ready for sea, was ordered to
England to aid in the enterprise. She left New
York, under the command of Captain Hudson,
on the 22d of April, and arrived 111 England on
the 12th of May. The Susquehanna, under
Captain Sands, then in the Mediterranean, was
also directed to proceed to England, and to ac-
company the Niagara across the Atlantic, render-
ing such assistance as she might require. These
vessels, with those designated for the same pur-
pose by the Government of Great Britain, assem-
bled 111 the Cove of Cork, and, on the 6th of
August, the Niagara commenced laying down the
telegraphic cable. After about three hundred and
thirty-four miles of it had been laid, it parted,
without fault of the officers or crew of the Niagara,
and the floctreturned to Plymouth. The Niagara
was ordered, after landing the cable, to return to
New York, and has arrived. The Susquehanna
returned to the Mediterranean. She has since
received orders to join the home squadron, at
Key West, and has probably, at that point, re-
ceived her orders to proceed to San Juan del
Norte, with the spccial instructions which accom-
panied them.
The act of March 3, 1857, making appropria-
tions for the naval service, appropriated 049,000
" to enable the Secretary of the Navy to arm and
man the ordnance ship Plymouth, with a view to
the improvement of ordnance and gunnery prac-
tice." She was accordingly put in commission,
and, on the 7th July, sent to sea on a six months'
cruise, under Commander Dahlgrcn. Her arma-
ment consisted of four nine-inch shell guns, one
eleven-inch shell pivot gun, two twenty-four-
poumler and one twelve-pounder howitzers. She
was ordered to cruise by the Azores to Lisbon,
along the coast of Prance to Amsterdam, and,
returning, to touch at Southampton or Bristol and
the Bermuda Islands.
Commander Dahlgren, having completed the
cruise, has returned to this port, and will continue
the drill necessary to perfect the training of such
seamen as have been found capable of receiving
it. The Plymouth encountered long-continued
boisterous weather on her return homeward, with
some heavy gales, during which the heaviest of
the cannon were secured perfectly with ordinaly
lashings, and were as well under control in a
rough sea, when cast loose for practice, as could
be desired. One hundred and twenty-one shells
were fired at sea, during the cruise, from the
eleven-inch pivot gun, and " without experienc-
ing any of the difficulties usually supposed to
render such heavy ordnance nearly unavailable
on shipboard."
fhe result of the operations of the Plymouth
seems to dispel all remaining doubt whfither the
heavy cannon which she carried would be man-
ageable, and not only to justify the previous adop-
tion of such ordnance in the steam frigates re-
cently built, but also to render it expedient to
extend this plan of armament. I earnestly recom-
mend a renewal of the appropriation, and the
permanent employment of a ship on this duty.
_ The act of March 3, 1857, making appropria-
tions for the naval service, directed the Secretary
of the Navy "to have prepared, and to report to
Congress for its approval, a code of regulations
for the government of the Navy." To aid me in
the performance of this duty, I convened in Wash-
ington, on the 10th of August, a board of officers,
consisting of a captain, commander, lieutenant,
the lieutenant colonel of the marine corps, apurser,
and a surgeon, to prepare a code of regulations
conforming to the requirements of the act. They
are diligently engaged in the-work, and have made
such progress that I shall be able to submit a
report to Congress at an early day.
The same act appropriated $2o,000 to verify
the survey of the Atrato and Truando rivers, with
a view to a ship canal between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans. Measures were immediately taken
by the War and Navy Departments to organize
an expedition for this object. Lieutenant Craven,
of the Navy, and Lieutenant Michler, of the top-
ographical engineers of the Army, were, by your
direction, assigned to this duty. The schooner
Varina, of the Coast Survey, temporarily placed
at the control of this Department, was prepared
at the New York navy-yard for this special ser-
vice, and, with suitable hydrographical and topo-
graphical parties on board, set sail on the 12th of
October for the Gulf of Darien. When we con-
sider the magnitude of the object; the influence
it is destined to have upon commerce, if accom-
plished; its effect in binding together in closer
relations the remotest parts of our Confederacy,
we cannot fail to regard any hopeful enterprise
having this object in view as fraught with the
deepest interest. It is not without liope, founded
upon reliable information, that this enterprise is
undertaken.
By the same act of March 3,1857, making ap-
propriations for the naval service, the sum of
$25,000 was appropriated to extend and complete
tiie exploration of the Parana and the tributaries
of the Paraguay. Early in the season an arrange-
ment was made with Mr. R. B. Forbes, of Bos-
toil, for the construction, at his own expense, of
a steamer of suitable size and draught for the
navigation of those rivers, to be delivered by him
at some convenient point on the La Plata, and
chartered by the Government for the time that
will necessarily be occupied in the survey. The
contract for the charter of the vessel has been
duly cxccuted. She is now nearly completed,
and will soon proceed to the La Plata. It is pro-
posed to send out Commander T. J. Page, with
proper officers and irion, to meet her there, and
to enter upon the exploration authorized by Con-
gress. J
_ The Government of Paraguay having prohib-
ited the navigation by foreign vessels of that part
of the river Paraguay which lies within its juris-
diction, some difficulty may possibly arise in com-
pleting that portion of the survey; but there arc
many rivers embraced within the scope of the
act, the exploration and navigation of which will
probably develop great commercial advantages.
Commander Page informs the Department that
tour charts of tne former survey have been already
printed; that the greater portion of the remaining
sheets are ready for the engravers; and that tllo
construction and topography of the whole work
will be completed in six months, if not delayed
by them. J
lhe work of publishing the survey of the lato
expedition to the North Pacific and Behrin 's
Straits, under Commander Rodgers, is rapidly
advancing. Engagements have "been made with
eminent professors in the various branches of
natural history for describing the most interesting
ot the zoological specimens brought homo by the
expedition. A portion of the hydrographical
work is m the hands of the engraver; the rest in
a state of forwardness.
Congress, at its last session, authorized tho
enlistment of eight thousand five hundred men
tor the Navy, instead of seven thousand live
