32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
(December 5,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
way to improvement, by summoning the skill and
genius of the country to contest the palm of supe-
riority with the navy-yards in the endeavor to
give the Government the best sloop-of-war that
-can be built. But as the Government has its own
establishments, provided at immense cost, and
thoroughly organized and supplied with the re-
quisite materials, it was thought to be expedient,
and, inde-ed, necessary, to employ them in the
construction of the others. The Department,
after having advertised for the best model, plan,
and specifications, and received thirteen propo-
sals, organized a board composed of the most
experienced naval officers, naval constructors, and
chief engineers, to aid in awarding the contract
according to the terms of the advertisement. I
am confident that the result, both as to the ship
built by the private contractor, and those built at
the navy-yards, will reach as high a point of ex-
cellence as is at present attainable. They will be
constructed with water-tight compartments—an
improvement in the mode of construction which,
an case of disaster, will often save the ship from
going to the bottom, and ought generally to be
introduced where many lives are at stake.
The act authorizing the five sloops-of-war,
having specified die class of vessels to be built,
did not admit of the construction of small steamers
of light draught, which are very much wanted in
the public service. For some years past the Gov-
ernment has had no means of supplyingits indis-
pensable wants, except by hiring small steamers
as occasion might require. At this moment, when
much needed, we have no vessels which can pen-
etrate the rivers of China. We have few that
can enter most of the harbors south of Norfolk.
Harbors which are the recipients of hundreds
of millions of our commerce are not accessible
to most of our public ships. This state of des-
titution is so remarkable that it should attract
particular attention, especially as some of our
greatest interests and most vulnerable points are
thus left exposed, llesides, this class of steamers,
of light draught, gieut speed, and heavy guns,
would be formidable in const defense. They cost
but little in construction, and require but little to
keep them in commission, and, fur most practical
purposes in time of peare, are as effective as larger
vessels, and ofter moreso. One or more of them
should be at every point where we maintain a
squadron. Three orfour should be constautlyom-
ployed on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. Econ-
omy, efficiency, and utility, combine to recom-
mend them as almost indispensable. Ten of them
would be of incalculable advantage to the naval
service, and would cost $2,300,000.
Under the present small appropriation for test-
ing improvements-, several trials nave been made;
but the Department feels itself crippled by the
limited appropriation. The sum of $10,000 is
not adequate to do justice to improvements which
promire public utility. Men of inventive genius
are so devoted to the one favorite pursuit that
they are most frequently without the means ne-
cessary to test their inventions. Were Congress
to appropriate tenfold the sum now allotted to
this object for naval purposes, a single success-
ful result, after a hundred failures, would re-
imburse the whole cost, while the influence of the
measure in aiding the progress of improvement in
the naval service could hardly be overestimated.
It is impossible, without doing injustice, to give
a summary of the reports of the chiefs of bu-
reaus of this Department. They have presented
a full and detailed statement of the condition of
/the service m the respective branches committed
£0 their paiticular chaige; of public works p os-
ecutcd, of improvements introduced, of evils rem-
edied, and many suggestions and recommenda-
tions \jrhich deserve the consideration of Congress.
Their .reports exhibit detailed statements of the
expenditures of the present, and estimates for the
ensuing fiscol ye&*. I commend them to partic-
ular attention, as exhibiting a full view of the
actual coitditionof the Navy and its auxiliary es-
tablishments, so far as they are under the imme-
diate supervision of the bufg&us.
The estimates for the support of the Navy and
jinarinc corps, and for all other objects under the
.control of the N.avy Department, for the fiscal
-year eiwUsg June 30, 1859, are—.
For the* support of the Navy and marine
corps   $9,749,515 0]
For special objects.      ,. 4,866,783 22
Making $14,616,298 23
Report of the Secretary of "War.
War Department,
Washington, December 5, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following
rcportof thecondition and operations of the Army
during the past year.
The Army consists of nineteen regiments,
divided into ten of infantry, four of artillery, two
of dragoons, two of cavalry, and one of mounted
riflemen. The whole strength of the Army, as
posted, consists of about 17,984 men-, and the
actual strength, on the 1st of July last, was
1-5,764. In addition to the movements which the
troops have been called on to make this year,
which are set forth in a separate paper, prepared
by the Adjutant General and herewith trans-
mitted , tins force is called upon to garrison sixty-
eight forts of a large and permanent character, so
far, at least, as it is possible to supply men for the
purpose; and to occupy seventy posts less perma-
nently established, where the presence of a force
is absolutely required. The area over which these
torts and posts arc spread embraces a circuit of
about three million square miles, and requires a
journey of many thousand miles to visit the prin-
cipal ones of them.
The external boundary of our country, re-
quiring throughout a more or less vigilant mili-
tary supervision, is eleven thousand miles in
length, presenting every variety of climate and
temperature, from the inclement cold of our
Canada frontier to the tropical regions of southern
Texas. But the occupation of this long line of
frontier is a trifling difficulty in comparison with
that of protecting the double lineof Indian frontier,
extending from the Lake of the Woods to the
bank's of the Rio Grande, on the east side of the
Itocky Mountains, and from beyond the river
Oregon, on the British frontier, to the head of
the Gulf of California, on the western slope of
those mountains. Superadded to these lines,
requiring to be occupied, are the great lines of
intercommunication between the vatley of the
Mississippi and the Pacific ocean,-which imper-
The aggregate estimates for the fiscal year
ending June, 1858, were $13,803,212 77, being
$813,085 less than the present estimates. This
difference is principally caused by estimating
$250,000 for the armament for the five new sloops,
$350,000 more than last year for building the
sloops, and by estimating for provisions and pay
for one thousand additional men, authorized by
the act of March 3, 1857.
The expenditures for the year ending June
30, 1857, for all purposes under the control of
the Department, were $12,632,696 81; of which
$4,343,698 14 being for special objects, the legit-
imate expenses of the Navy and marine corps
for that period were $8,288,937 67.
A review of the present condition of the Navy,
and of the establishments connected with it, has
afforded me great gratification. I see in them,
taken in connection with our commercial marine
and ourimmense resources, the means of promptly
putting afloat a naval force equal to any exigency
likely to arise in the history of the country.
It is not the policy of our Government to main-
tain a great navy in time of peace. It is against
its settled policy to burden the resources of the
people by an overgrown naval establishment. It
is universally admitted to be inexpedient to en-,
dcavor to compete with other great commercial j
Powers in the magnitude of their naval prcpara- 1
tions. But it is the true policy of our Govern-
ment to take care that its Navy, within its limited
extent, should be unsurpassed in its efficiency
and its completeness, and that our preparatory
arrangements should be such that no event shall
take us altogether by surprise.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the J\"avy.
To the President.
atively demand that protection which only the
United States troops can furnish./ These lines
are very long, and are now extremely important,
whilst every year renders them more and more
so. From our western frontier of settlements to
those of northern Oregon the distance is about
one thousand eight hundred miles; from the same
frontier to the settlements of California, via Salt
Lake, is one thousand eight hundred miles; from
the frontier of Arkansas, at Fort Smith, by Al-
buquerque or Santa Fg, to Fort Tejon, is about
one thousand seven hundred miles; and ft oiti San
Antonio, by El Paso, to San Diego, near the
borders of the white settlements,is one thousand
four hundred miles; constituting an aggregate line
of six thousand seven hundred miles which ought
to be occupied, and which we pretend, in some
sort, to keep open and defend.
This simple, statement of facts demonstrates,
stronger than any arguments could do, the abso-
lute necessity for an increase of the Army.
The policy of our Government and the spirit
of our people are alike opposed to a large stand-
ing army, and very properly so; but if an army
is needful at all, it should be organized in such
manner as to answer the purposes for which it is
required. Its numbers should correspond with
the service it is intended to perform. If from any
disproportion m this respect it stops short of effi-
' ciency, it becomes insignificant, and entails upon
the country expenditures wholly incommensu-
rate with any service it can render.
It will not be denied that an army, properly
organized and of sufficient strength, constitutes
at once the cheapest and most efficient means by
which the indispensable services it is designed to
perform can be secured by the Government.
There is no substitute for an army j and to ren-
der it at once economical and efficient,, adequate
numbers are essential. If there is a higher duty
than another devolved upon a well-regulated Gov-
ernment, it is to afford perfect protection to its
citizens against outrage and personal violence^
yet this great obligation is not performed by the
Government of the United States. For a large
portion of the year, scarcely a week elapses with-
out bringing to us intelligence of some Indian
massacre, or outrage more shocking than death
itself; and it most frequently happens that these
acta go unpunished altogether, either from the
wont of troops for pursuit, or from their remote-
ness from the sccnes of slaughter, which renders
pursuit useless.
In former times, when the hardy pioneer was
allured away from the lineof white settlements
by fertile lands alone, he scarcely ventured so far
as to he beyond succor and protection from those
he left behind. But far different is the state of
things at present. Our Pacific settlements, with
their great inducements of rich lands,, salubrious
climate, and fabulous mineral treasures, present
to the inhabitants of the Atlantic States tempta-
tions to emigration which the privations of an in-
tervening wilderness and desert, and continual
danger from roving bands of savages hanging
upon their march for many hundred miles to-
gether, cannot deter th&i from undertaking.
This migration strengthens the natural ties be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States, and adds
immensely to the defensive strength of that re-
mote region. Justice and humanity alike demand
protection for these emigrants at the hands of our
Government.
To render governmental protection to our vast
frontier and emigration perfect, a very large aug-
mentation of the Army would not be required.
Five additional regiments would answerthe pur-
pose if properly posted.
It will be seen trom a paper carefully prepared
from reliable data by the Adjutant General, that
no increase of our forces is so efficient, or near so
cheap, as the augmentation of our regular Army.
A line of posts running parallel with our fron-
tier, hut near to the Indians'usual habitations,
placed at convenient distances and suitable posi-
tions, and occupied by infantry, would exercise
a salutary restraint upon the tribes, who would
feel that any foray by their warriors upon the
white settlements would meet with prompt re-
taliation upon their own homes. In addition to
this means of defense, there should be concen-
