1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March II,
I started, I say that every judge of the court, in
his opinion, declared that he had jurisdiction
jurisdiction over the merits ot this case- Pirstlet
us take the Chief Justice, who was the organ of
the court. I cannot read all the reasoning*, I should
detain the Senate too long if I were to do so, and
I see too many visible signs of impatience about
me to desire to detain them any longer. The
Chief Justice said this:
" But, before we proceed to examine tliis part of the case,
it may be pioper to notice an objection taken to the judicial
authonty of this couit to decide it; and it has been said,
that as tins couit has decided against the jurisdiction of the
circuitconrt [not its own junsdiction] on the plea in abate
merit, it has no right to examine any question piu&mted by
the exception ; and that anvthing it may say upon that part
of the case will be extra-judicial, and mere obiter dicta.
il This is a manifest mistake ; there can be no doubt as
to the jurisdiction of this couit to revise the judgment
of a ciicuit court, and to reverse it for any error apparent
on the record, whether it be the error of giving judgmentm
a case over which u had no jurisdiction, or any other ma-
terial error; and this, too, whether there is a plea in abate-
ment or not."—19 Howard, 427.
That it is the language of the Chief Justicc, the
organ of the court, who delivered the opinion of
the majority. Judge Wayne says the same thing,
at page 456. Judge Nelson says, in giving his
opifiion:
" In the view we have taken of the case, it will not be
necessaty to pass upon this question, [ofjuusdietion,] and
we shall therefore procced at once to an examination of the
case upon us merits."'5—Ibid., p. 458.
Judge Grier says:
" The record shows a prima facie rase of jurisdiction, re-
quiring the court to decide all thequestions properly arising
in it; and as the decision of the pleas in bar shows that the
plaintiff is a slave, and therefore not entitled to sue m a
court of the United Stares, the form of the judgment is of
little importance.p. 4G9.
Mr. Justice Daniel (p. 483) says that theques-
tions arising on the pleas in bar might be passed
by after determining the plea in abatement; but
he does give his opinion on the merits, although
he thought it would be possible to decide the case
"without a decision on its merits. >
Mr. Justice Campbell says:
" My opinion in this case is not affected by the plea to the
jutigdiction, and I shall not di*cu>s the questions u sug-
gests. The claim of the plaintiff to freedom depends upon
the effect to be given to his absence from Missoui i, m com-
pany wuh his master, in Illinois and ZVliune^ora, and this
effect is to be ascertained by a leference to the laws of Mis-
souii."—Uid.<p. 493.
He determines nothing but the merits. Mr.
Justice Catron (p. 518) says that the judgment
of the circuit court upon the plea m abatement—
that is, the plea to the jurisdiction—was not, in
his opinion, open to examination in the Supreme
Court; and that they had nothing before them but
the merits.
Mr. Justice McLean says:
" The plea to the juusdiction is not before us, oh this writ
of enor. A demurrer to the plea was sustained, which
ruled the plea bad, and the defendant, on leave, pleaded
over.
" The decision on the demurrer was in favor of the plain-
tiff; and as the plaintiff pio>eeutes this wut of error, he
does not complain of the decision on the demm rer. The de-
fendant might have complained of this dceiMOU, a-> against
him, and have pio&ecuted a wut of error, toievor-e it. Rut
as ihe ease under the instiuetion of the couit to the jury,
was decided in his favor, of course he had no giouuri of
complaint.''—Ibid., p. j30.
Judge McLean then says that the court had no
question of jurisdiction before it at all, nothing hut
the merits. Mr.Justice Curtis says the same thing.
" That a« the pica to the jurisdiction in this case shows
no facts, except that the plnmtiff was oi Afi ican descent,
and his ance«tois were sold as >lave«, and as these facts arc
not inconsistent with his citizenship of the United States,
and his residence m the State of Missouri, the plea to the
jurisdiction was bad, and the judgment of the circuit couit
overruling it was correct."— Ibid., p. 588.
And, therefore, he goes on to determine the
merits. Now, shall I detain the Senate by read-
ing passages from the speeches which I hold in
my hand, and in which every Senator in succes-
sion, who has spoken of this decision, has spread
before the country the bold, plain statement that
the Supreme Court first decided that it had no
jurisdiction, and then went on to determine the
merits?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must beg the Senator
to give me leave to explain, because I do not
know that I shall have an opportunity to answer
Jum.
I will yield for a few min-
Mr. BENJAMIN,
utes, of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
on this specific point.
i merely wish to explain
I do not know what par-
ticular language I used myself in the speech I
made on this subject. I remember very well the
idea which I meant to convey, and I presume that
idea is conveyed in sufficiently distinct language.
It is this: I did not speak of the individual judges,
but I said that, in the opinion of the court, which
was delivered by Judge Taney, and to which only
I alluded, the point decided in the first place, was,
that the court below, and consequently the court
above, had no jurisdiction of the case, for the
reason that the party plaintiff was not qualified
to sue; he had no standing in the court. That
was the decision; and the inference I drew (I do
not know whether I used the term or not) was,
that the court admitted they had no jurisdiction.
I did not mean to say that they admitted in terms
that they had no jurisdiction beyond that, and
over the merits of the case; but that the substance
of their decision was, that the plaintiff having no
standing in the court whatever, the case must con-
sequently be dismissed; and that, whatever they
undertake to say afterwards, was mere assertion.
I know they go on to give a reason for express-
ing their opinion, and that is, that in all writs of
error they may confine themselves to the partic-
ular error which they find in the record below, or
do not find, as the case may be; but that, in cer-
tain cases, they may look into other parts of the
record in order to preclude the necessity of revis-
ing the case afterwards. The Senator, however,
is perfectly aware that this idea has been an-
swered over and over again by the remark, that
the case could not possibly come before them
again, when the decision was that the plaintiff had
and could have no standing in court. What my
particular language was I do not undertake to
say. I may have said that the court admitted
they had no jurisdiction of the case; not that they
admitted it in terms, but by the original decision
they made that the plaintiff had no right in the
court below, and consequently could have none
in the court above. I did not undertake to dis-
! pute that the Supreme Court of the United States
i had power to revise the decision of the court be-
! low, if properly brought there; but I say, when
; they decided that the plain tiff had no standing in j
I the courtorigmally, there wasan end of the whole ;
| matter, arid the court could not properly, and
i it was contrary to all custom, go into an exain-
! ination of other questions that did not necessarily
| arise. That is the position I mean to take. I did
! not go into it at length, as perhaps 1 may here-
i after; but the Senator misrepresents me, not in-
tentionally; he misunderstands me if he asserts
that I said, or meant to be understood as saying,
that the court had in terms admitted that they had
no jurisdiction of any question beyond the first.
He may read the language of my speech, if he
sees fit to do so.
Mi. BENJAMIN. It is rather late in the day,
and I have not time to go at any length into this
discussion, but I have the Senator's language be-
• fore me; I have the language of the Senator from
| New York [Mr. Seward] and of the Senator
! from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] Every one of
■ those Senators said that the Supreme Court had ;
: decided that it had no jurisdiction. The language ;
I is here; and now what does the Senator from
i Maine answer to that position? That although
| the Supreme Court decided it had jurisdiction, in
' his judgment its decision was wrong!
| Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not what I said.
; Mr. BENJAMIN. It cannot be anything else.
I The Supreme Court of the United States was the
| only tribunal to determine in the last resort wheth-
I er it had jurisdiction or not over the question. It
| determined that it had. The Senator says it be-
! gan by determining that the plaintiff in the court,
i below" had no right to come into the court, and by
, reason thereof determined that the circuit court
/ had no juusdiction, and he puts in himself that
| ■ consequently the Supreme Court had no jurisdic-
tion. It is precisely his "consequently" that
Chief Justice Taney says is a manifest mistake.
Here is what the honorable Senator from Maine
|j said:
i! " It is said that this question has been earned to the Su-
j! prrme Court of the United States and settled there. Does
! j the honoiable Senator fiom Louisiana"—
j| The Senator turned to me. We are always
ij having some little le"al quarrels in this corner be-
j' twecn us, particularly on the slavery question.
! " Does the honorable Senator from Louisiana, as a law-
yer, undertaue to teil me that the question has beeiueuleu
by a judicial decision in that court ? Did that question ever
arise and present itseli to the mind of the court with reler-
ence to any necessity of the case ? To what extent docs
the honorable Senator, or anybody e\<e who is a lawyer,
undertake to sav that the decision of the couit is binding?
It is binding so fat, and so far alone, as it can issue us man-
date. Its opinion is of foice only upon the question which
settles the cause."
Who is to say what the question is that settles
the cause in the opinion of the court? Is it the
court or the Senator?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The court had settled it
originally.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The court said,4* in our
judgment, there are two points which settle the
cause; one is the jurisdiction, the other the mer-
its." The Senator says that by the time they had
got through stating the first half of their opinion,
he has aright to shut their mouths and say, "you
shall not go on and give any other reason; the
reason you have-given is enough; you cannot say
another word." This is a most curious proposi-
tion to maintain to anybody that has ever heard
decrees or opinions rendered in courts of justice.
Hear the Senator again:
li Am I bound to recognize opinions that may be advanced
by any set of judges, in any court, simply because, after
they have decided a cause, they undertake to give their
opinions? Thcv may be bad men, they may be weak men,
but their mandate in the cau=e before them must be obeyed;
and 1 will go as far and as readily as any man to obey the
mandate of any court to which 1 am bound to render obe-
dience; and I am bound to render obedience to the Supreme
Court of the United States; but when they undertake to
settle questions not before them, I tell them those questions
aie for me as well as for them "
Then, sir, the honorable Senator declares, point
blank, that this question was not before the court.
They consider that it was; the dissenting judges
said it was; everybody there said it was; every-
body but the Senator from Maine and his worthy
colleagues, the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Vermont. This notion was first
started by some indecorous expressions in the
opinions of the dissenting judges. They them-
selves, declaring that they had jurisdiction over the
subject-matter, suggested that they would notcon-
sidei* the opinion of the other judges binding, be-
cause, in the opinion of other judges, the court
below had no jurisdiction; "but," said Judge
Taney, " this question is before me on its merits;
I must decide it; it is my duty to decide it; I can-
i not avoid the duty." That is the language, if
j the gentleman will refer to it.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another point
| in my argument, which I approach with extreme
| pain, with unfeigned regret. From my earliest
I childhood, I have been taught to revere the judges
1 of the highest court in the land, as men selected
| to render justicc between litigants, not more by
' reason of their eminent legal acquirements, than
; because of a spotless purity of character, an un-
dimmed luster of reputation which removed them
: far, far bevond even a doubt of their integrity.
The long line of eminent judicial worthies which
seemed to have culminated m a Marshall, has
been continued in the person of one upon whom
the highest eulogium that can be pronounced is
to say that he was eminently worthy of being the
successor of that lllustiious judge. I know not,
Mr. President, whether you, as I, have had the
good fortune to see that magistrate in the admin-
istration of justicc in his own circuit, or in the
court sitting below us, of which he is the honored
chief. I know not, sir, whether it has been your
! good fortune, as it has been mine, to hear the ex-
{ pressions of affectionate reverence with which he
| is spoken of by the people amongst whom he has
| passed his pure, his simple, and his spotless life.
I I know not, sir, whether you have listened, as I
j have, with interest to the expressions of respect
! and admiration that come from the members of
! his bar in their familiar intercourse with each
I other—spowaneous tributes, worth a thousand
1 labored eulogies, to his eminent sagacity, to his
, vast legal learning, to the mild and serene dignity
' of his judicial deportment; above all, sir, above
! all, to the conscientious, earnest, almost painful
j sense of responsibility with which he holds the
scale of justice in even and impartial hand be-
. tween the litigants whose rights depend upon his
judgment.
Mr.President, he is old, very old. The infirm-
ities of age have bowed his venerable form. Earth
has no further object of ambition for him; and
■ when he shall sink into his grave after a long ca-
reer of high ofiicc in our country, I trust that I
