1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095
my own title, and cannot rely udoii the weakness
of his. The court will not allow me to introduce
testimony to show that his title is not good until
I have first shown the strength of ray own title.
I must rest unon that.
Mr. BLAIR. The treaty by which we acquired
this country guaranties that the right of these
parties to their property shall be respected, and
we are called upon now to carry out the guarantee.
How can we do it until we know what property
these men claim as theirs?
Mr. BRANCH. We have provided means of
ascertaining that in the act organizing the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
Mr. BLAIR. These means are very imperfect.
The questions are left to one person. This bill
gives the claimant a commission and an appeal to
the courts, so that they may have a final decision
upon their titles. So far from being new in prin-
ciple, if the gentleman were familiar with the
practice of the Government in the case of Lou-
isiana and Florida, he would find that this bill ,
orocceds on identically the same principle—that
of requiring the people to make proof of their ;
titles, in order that the Government may protect
them in their rights in compliance with the guar-
antee of the treaty.
Mr. BRANCH. I agree with the gentleman
that in those cases the Government did require
persons to come forward and show the lands to
which they had titles; but this is the first instance,
so far as I know, except in the case of Cahfor- ,
ma, in which it has been proposed to establish a '
special board of commissioners for that pui pose, j
In the case of Florida, if I rccollect aright, the |
whole class of claims was referred to the district I
judge for Florida. Jn the case of New Mexico, :
we have already provided means to enable the
Government to know to what extent the private
claims go, and to what extent the public sur-
veys should be carried. The simple question is,
whether, m the case of New Mexico, we shall
leave it to be determined by the'surveyor general
—the officer to whom Congress has heretofore de-
termined thatitis willing to intrustit—orwhether,
in lieu of that, we will establish this expensive
board of commissioners. ;
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire only to occupy a j
few minutes of the time of the committee; and as
I know the impatience of gentlemen, I will pro- j
ceed in the line of remark in which I wasinuulg- 1
mg when [ was interrupted. I say, sir, that we j
are establishing a new principle. We arc putting :
these parties m New Mexico who are in posses- [
sion of the lands upon proof of their titles, with |
a view to oust them from their lands, instead of
adoptit g the principle of law that if we claim j
what they hold possession of, we must show that
it is ours, and not rest on the weakness of their
titles. And we not only compel them to come ,
forward and produce their title papers, in order!
to sjiow that we are not entitled to the lands, but
we invite the whole world to come forward and
contest their titles a'so. :
The paities who have been in possession of.
their homesteads perhaps for one hundred or one ,
hundred and fifty years, unquestioned by any ;
one; who have ht.ld their titles untainted bysus- 1
piuon, are invited by tins bill to come forward,
after they have contested their titles in the first
place with t he Government, and contest them with ,
every individual who may choose to set up a claim.
They have hist to succeed agam?t the Govern-
ment, and then against every ungate individual
who mav choose to contest their titles.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman if this is '
establishing any new principle r if he ever knew
a civilized country m the woiid whore the courts
of justice are not always open to any person who
may choose to contest any title to any pmpertyr
Mr. BRANCH, i ask the gentleman if he :
cvt.r knew the Government in any civilized coun- |
ti y, to invite and encourage their citizens to enter j
the courts of jus'ne for the. purpose of carrying r
on litigation against each oilier in respectto their
titles to land?
Mr. BLAIR. I answer the gentleman in this i
way: The courts of justice m all countries are j
kept open for any person who may choose to eon-
test the right of another to any property, and in i
that respect they hold out as much encouragement ;
to litigation of that descnption as is  held out by ;
this bill. i
Mr. BRANCH. It is a right which belongs !
| to every American citizen to go before the courts
j of the country to assert his rights. But this bdl
goes further. I call the attention of the commit-
j tee to the fourteenth section, which says:
I " That if the title of any claimant to lanck in said Tcrri-
; tory filed beioic; the conunR-ion shall be contested !>v anv
• other person after decision rendered in the ca-e, it shall and
; may bo lawful for such person to present a petition to the
j distnct judge of the Tinned .States for the district in which
j the laud is situated, plainly and distinctly setting foith his
title thereto, and praying the said judjje to hear and-de-
; termine the same—a copy of which petition shall be served
on the adverse party within thirty days before the time ap-
pointed for the hearing of the same; and it shall and may
be lawful for the said district jnd^e of the United States,
upon the lieanns of such petition, to grant an injunction to
restrain the pat ty at whose instance the claim to said lands
has been confirmed fiom suing out a patent theietor until
the title to the same bhail have been finally decided --a copy
of which order shall be tian&mitted. thiough the secretary
of the eoimni^ion, to the Cotnmi.^ionei of the Genera!
Land Office ; and theieupon no patent shall i- ue until such
decision shall be lendeied, or until Mitlieieot time shall, in
the opinion of the said judge, have been allowed ft,i ob-
taining the same, and thereafter the •-aid injunction shall he
dissolved : Provided, That a ropy of the &aul dcci-ion shall
be filed m the office of the commi^ioti. and transmitted to
the Coamii^ionci of the Geneial Laud Other."
That, sir, is what we propose. After we have
dragged them befoie the board of commissioneis,
and they have shown there that wo are not entitled
to the land, we then drag them before the district
courtof the United States, in order there again to
contest their titles with every piivate individual
who, from the exposut es we have compelled them
to make, may be induced to enter into litigation
with them.
Mr. OTERO. If the gentleman from North ,
Carolina will permit me, I will say that we are all 1
willing to be dragged before the tribunals to which
the gentleman iefers,for the purpose of having our
claims established. We do not want any indefi-
nite action. We are willing to expose ourselves
to whatever litigation may be involved. The hill
will do us no injury. We want our land titles
settled. The present mode is insufficient. We
are not willing to trust the settlement of our land
titles to a single individual. We are willing to
take whatever inconveniences may be involved
by the system winch this bill proposes.
Mr. BRANCH. The point which has been
made by the gentleman from New 'Mexico and
by several other gentlemen in this debate, is the
unsatisfactory nature of the decisions made by
the surveyor general and the definiteness of the
decisions which will be made by this boaidof
commi&s'oners. Now, sii, I hold that these arc
matters which have been settled long ago—that
ihey were settled m the treaty entered into be-
tween Mexico and the United Sta'es. Ir is only
necessary to carry out the provisions of that treaty,
and I submit that for that purpose the courts of
the Territory arc by far the best tribunals—courts
in which, I presume, the people of New Mexico
have confidcnce; and in which they go, notbefoie
strangeis, but before juries of their own country-
men, to contest their rights. I submit that tins ,
additional tribunal is not only unnecessary, but .
that it is not as good as that alieady provided ;
that it will not pos'sesg wo much the confidence of1
the people of New Mexico as a tnbunal which is :
to pass upon their rights.
Now, sir, the draft of this bill shows full well
that the gentleman who drew it was entirely aware
of the fact that this court could settle nothing ex-
ceptcontests between the United States? and private
citizens. The sixteenth section expressly pi ovides
that—
'• TI:;1 fri. 1 derisions tendered by !he **ud mnimi^ion <>r
by the ch-Ui'-t or Soprei.s'! ( ouu of ti e V.uted ^Mte-j. on
anv patent to be i -tied und'-i tin - «n t. -hall he conclusive
between ih 11 ailed Sutc> ai.d the rUou; ;i,l.- only, and-hall
not ailcet the ntoie-ts of third pei-oi.*
Now, sn , here is a provision that does not quiet
title at all, except a5* between the United States
and the private claimant. Why, tho^, have all
this expensive process ' why compel these people
to produce the evidenec of their titles which have
remained undistuibed for one hundred and fifty
yeais, in order to show speculators and mischiev- .
ous persons the weak points and flaws m their
titles, whereas the result of that litigation only
amounts to preventing the United States fiom ob-
taining their rights, which has been already pro-
vided, by requiring the surveyor genera] to obtain
such mfoimation as may be necessary upon, that
point'
Mr. QUITMAN. I did not intend to say a :
word upon this subject, but smcc the discussion
| has commenced, I have obtained some informa-
! tion of the nature of this bill, against which in the
| commencementl wassomewhat prejudiced. Hav-
| ing had some experience in this matter, I feel
1 myself called upon to present to this House the
beneficial consequences which I think must arise
from a course such as the one proposed by this
bill. 1 have practiced law in the State ofMissis-
! sippi for a period of more than twelve years, and
| during that period I had frequent occasion to ex-
! amine and see the effect of a similar law.
1 The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Bhaxcii] is mistaken in saying that this is a new-
precedent. Early in the history of the Territory
of Mississippi, soon after its acquisition from
Spain,a lawpassed Congress authorizing aboard
of commissioners to be established, requiring them
to have a clerk, to keep a record, and to examine
all those inchoate and equitable claims which,
under the treaty, the citizens had against the Gov-
ernment—claims which they held against the
Spanish Government and the British Government,
both of which had been, at some peiiod, in posses-
sion of that country, and which this Government
had never canceled, but which should have been
canceled. Now, sir, independent of the treaty
stipulations that the United States should execute
all these valid contracts made by those other Gov-
ernments, and to place the property in the same
position as if the Government had not changed,
I claim that the great doctrine of natural rights
would have preserved these contracts, even if there
had been no treaty to that effect. The Govern-
ment of the United States were bound to protect
them, and perform in good faith the equitable ob-
ligations which had been entered into but not con-
summated at a period before we acquired the Ter-
ritory. The records of that board are there, and
■, they save litigations to the extent of millions of
, dollars. My honorable friend from North Caro-
! lina [Mr. Braxch] seems to consider this a mat-
ter of little importance to the United States. Sir,
i no Government, then or now, would undertake to
| decidc by legislation or by the establish mentofin-
'' formal bonds, between claims of third persons,
i' This act will remove alarm fiom the minds of the
people of New Mexico. They know that there will
' be new claims made under our Government—that
1 the United States is a progressive Government,
■ acting more rapidly than the Mexican Govern-
! ment—and thatit will proceed to regulate the pub-
lic lands that it possesses. They know that the
, attempt to do so will embroil them m difficulties
| and confusion. They know that without such a
,, law as this they will have to prosecute their claims
, at considerable expe-nse before the courts of the
; countiy. This board of commissioners is to be
appointed on the part of the Government of the
, United States, to go and examine on our part into
■■ those titles, and to say if they are just under the
law of nations and under the treaty; and, if they
. are eqiutaole titles, that they shall be perfected by
1 a general act. If any are questionable, they still
; have a right to examine them before the courts;
but probably mnety-mne out of every hundred
, will acquiesce in the decisions of the board. It is
a bill of rel'ef, and to these people is a very im-
. portant measure.
| Now, Ml*. Chairman, having submitted my
views briefly, I will not trespass longer on the
. patience of the committee. I have witnessed the
1 bencficial operations of such a measure m Missis-
1 sippi and Louisiana; and I can see no harm that
is to result from the passage of this bill. I have
looked into it tosomeextent; and I believe itcon-
tams no provision which, by any possibility, can
l)e a'ous. d. 1 consider it better that a board of
commissioners appointed by the United States
should act upon it, than a single oificur who has
other duties to peiform. The experience I have
had teaches me that it will prevent much litiga-
tion and dispute; and I see no objection what-
, ever to the measure.
! Mr. STANTON. I have but a few words to
say in respect to this bill. There is a principle
contained in the eighth section of it which, it seems
to me, cannot be found anywheie else. I have no
exnenence in these Spanish land titles; but the
c'g'hth section of the bill, on its face, prima facie
vitiates every land title in New Mexico. It de-
clares ilmt no man's title shall be sustained until
lie has first produced the records on which his title
! rests. Here is a total reversal of all the pnnci-
; pies on which titles to real estate rest.
