1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
do not rudely or improperly invade the sanctity
of private life in saying that he will leave behind
him, in the scanty heritage that shall be left for
his family, the noblest evidfence that he died, as
he had lived, a being honorable to the earth from
which he sprang, and worthy of the heaven to
which he aspired.
This man, sir, thus beloved, thus revered, thus
esteemed, has been compared upon this floor to
the infamous Jeffreys, by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin.] This man has been charged by
the Senator from Nev/ York [Mr. Seward] with
a corrupt coalition with the Chief Magistrate of
the Union. He charges infact—notahvays indi-
rect language, but partly by bold assertion and
partly by insidious suggestions—that the Supreme
Magistrate of the land and the judges of our
highest court, and the parties to the Dred Scott
case, got up a mock trial; that they were all in
common collusion to cheat the country. He rep-
resents the venerable Chief Magistrate of our
country, whose reputation hitherto has been be-
Jond reproach; he represents the venerable Chief
ustice as enacting a solemn farce in the face of
the American people on the eastern portico of
this Capitol; and he tells us that on the day when j
that great sea of upturned faces was here pre- i
sented, alllooking on the solemn pageant that was i
passing before them, the Chief Justice of the na- 1
tion was whispering into the ear of the President
the terms of tliis nefarious bargain, and that, too,
at the very moment when the former was admin-
istering and the latter taking the oalh of office by !
which the high majesty of Heaven was invoked, j
as witness to the purity of his intentions in the |
administration of the Government of his country, ]
Mr. President, accursed, thrice accursed, is that ]
fell spirit of party which desecrates the noblest j
sentiments of the human heart; and which, in the !
accomplishment of its unholy purpose?, hesitates
at no reckless violence of assault on all that is held
sacred by the wise and good. It was difficult, j
extremely difficult, for us all to sit here and hear '
what was said, and observe the manner in which :
it was said, and repress the utterance of the in-
dignation that boiled up within us. All this is :
charged by the Senator without the proof of a >
solitary fact, without the assertion even of a fact 1
on which to base the foul charge. Luckily, sir, ;
luckily for us, these eminent men are too highly ,
placed in the reverence, the estimation, and the
regard of the American people, to have their bright
escutcheon injured by such attacks as these. Mr.
President, in olden times a viper gnawed a file.
Although it may not be possible to make direct
answers to al! these insinuations, because no fact
is even suggested on which they rest, there are
certain facts so insinuated, in relation to which
I have the authentic evidence upon my desk in
proof of their falsity.
Was this case got up? What are the facts?
Men should be a little careful m making such ac-
cusations as these; unless, indeed, they care not
whether they be true or false, being intended to
answer some purpose, whether the one or the
other. This case was got up, was it ? By acci-
dent or design ? In the exquisitely decorous and
appropriate language of the Senator from New
York, the Chief Justice of the United States and
the Chief Magistrate of the Union were gambling
at cards for the case, and Dred Scott was dummy
in the imaginary game ! What truth is there m
these insinuations of design? Why, sir, Dred
Scott had sought his freedom by the assertion of
his rights in the State courts of Missouri years
before the Kansas-Nebraska act was ever sug-
gested, and years before the President of the Uni-
ted States was even a candidate for office; years
before he was even Minister to England.
This case was determined in the supreme court
of the State of Missouri, in 1852, adversely to
Dred Scott, and was remanded to the lower court
for further trial. Mr. Buchanan had, I believe,
not then gone to England. The Kansas bill had
not been heard of, and was not in the imagination
of any man. When the case got back into the
lower court, the counsel for Dred Scott, finding
that the opinion of the supreme court of the
State was adverse to his rights, withdrew his
case from the State court, and endeavored to bet-
ter his client's chances by going into another ju-
risdiction. That is the way the case got into the
Federal court; and when was this? The case was
carried into the Federal court m the city of St.
Louis, in November, 1853, before even the meet-
ing of the Congress which passed the Kansas-Ne-
braska act; of course months before Mr. Dixon,
the Senator from Kentucky first sprang upon the
country, by his amendment, the question in rela-
tion to the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Here is the record:
" Be it remembered thatheretofore, to wit: on the second
day of November, m the year of our Lord J853, caine the
above.named plaintiff, Dred Scott, by bis attorney, and filed
in the clerk's office of tiie circuit court of the United States
for the Missouri district, the following declarauon against
the defendant, John F. A. Samltord."
Was that a case gotten up by design, between
the President and the court here ? It was never
carried there until they had lost all chance m the
State court; it was carried there as the last des- :
perate resource of defeated counsel; eager to main- j
tain what he conceived to be the rights of hiscli-
ent. Who was the counsel ? The Senators from j
Missouri can tell us who R. M. Field, of St. j
Louis, is, and probable they will verify the asser- i
tion which I make here upon hear-say—I give it !
only upon hear-say—that he is one of the most '
determined Free-Soilers in the State of Missouri;
has always declined to vote at elections until he
was able to cast his vote for a Free-Soil candidate,
and until he aided in the election of the Free-Soil
Representative from the St. Louis district who
now sits in the other Chamber.
This case, thus brought up in November, 1853,
was determined in the court below, and a writof
error was token to the Supreme Courtof the United
States, before the Kansas bill was passed, and
whilst Mr. Buchanan was in England ! When it
reached the Supreme Court of the United States
what became of it? What does the Senator from
New York say became of it?
'•The counsel who had appeared for the negro had vol-
unteeicd fiom motives ot charity, and, ignorant of course of
the disposition which was to be made of the cause"—
—which the Senator had previously insinuated
was gotten up by design—
—'-had argued that his client had been freed from slavery
bv operation of the Missouri piohihition of 1820. The op-
posing counsel, paid by the defending slaveholder" 
I happen to know, however, whatever may be
the fact with the other, that one of the opposing
counsel was not paid by any slaveholder at all;
that one of the opposing counsel volunteered as
amicus curia by virtue of his position as head
1 of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United
! States, by virtue of his position as ex-Attorney
| General of the United States, by virtue of his po-
; sition as a compeer of the honorable Senator, and
1 his former colleague on this floor from the State
S of Maryland, Mr. Reverdy Johnson. That gen-
tleman volunteered in the case as amicus curim,
\ because the whole section of the country to whose
i interests he had been devoted from his birth had
I an interest in this great question to be decided,
i and which, at the time of his volunteering in the
lease, he did not yet know to be represented by ■
; counsel. The honorable Mr. Gcyer, of Missouri, M
| afterwards entered his name of record, and ap-
! peared for the defendant.
j Says the Senator from Xew York:
I ';The opposing counsel, paid bvthe defendm? plavehold-
I cr, had insisted, in lepiv. that that famous statute was un-
! constitutional. The 'nio'ck debate had been iieard m the
' chambei of the couit m the basement of the Capitol, in the
I presence of the curious viMtors at the seat of Government,
1  i ,i..i i i ?it.Urtial n hi M nnf /! is-
tended to stamp infamy upon characters hitherto
beyond the breath of reproach. Shame,.shame
upon the Senator that makes such charges as these
and has no proof to support them.
" The President, attended by the usual lengthened pro-
cession, arrived and took his seat on the portico. The Su-
preme Court attended him there, in robes which yet exacted
public reverence. The people, unaware of the import of
the whisperings earned on between the President and the
Chief Justice, and imhued with veneration: for both, filled
the avenues and gardens far away as the eye could reach.
The President addressed tliom in words as bland as those
which the worst of all the Roman Emperors pronounced
when he assumed the purple. He announced (vaguely,
indeed, but with self-satisfaction) the forthcoming extras
judicial exposition of the Constitution, and pledged his sub-
mission to it as authoi itative and final."
Does anybody find that in the President's in-
augural ? Does anybody find in the President's
inaugural anything on this point, except that he
learns the question is to be decided by the highest
tribunal of the land, and that he, as every other
good citizen is, is willing to render obedience to
that tribunal ?
" A few days later, copies of this opinion were multiplied
oy the Senate's press, and scattered, in the name of the
Senate, broadcast over the land, and their publication has
not yet been disowned by the Senaie."
•As if we were going to disown publishing the
opinions of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
" Simultaneously, Dred Scott, who had played the hand
of dummy in this interesting political game,unwittingly,yet
to the complete satisfaction of his adversary, was volunta-
rily emancipated ; and thus received from his master, as a
reward, the freedom which the court had denied him as a
right."
Now, docs not the Senator from New York
know, was it not published in every newspaper
in the country, that the slave's master had died?
Was it not known that the man who emancipated
the slave was a Black-Republican compeer in the
other House, of the Senator of New York, [Mr.
Chaffee, of Massachusetts,] who was forced to
give this emancipation after having long hesitated,
by the indignant denunciations of the fellow-Re-
publicans around him. Everybody knows tha,t,
and yet here we are told by the Senator that this
gift of freedom to the slave was the reward granted
by his master, the defendant, for playing the hanfl
of dummy in a game of cards—a political gamer—
with the venerable Chief Justice and Chief Ma-
gistrate of the Union. Shame, shame once more,
upon the Senator who makes charges like these,
without the shadow of ground for their support.
Mr. President, I am tired. I have no doubt
that others are too. 1 have gone so much at large
into these collateral subjects that, so far as regards
the simple question before us, as to the admission
of Kansas under this constitution, what I have
to say is little indeed. The subject has been ex-
hausted, thoroughly so, admirably so, this morn-
ing, by the honorable Senator from Missouri. I
will, however, make one or two suggestions and
I take the ground that, the Congress of the Uni-
i ted States is not bound to give to the people of
I a Territory any more protection than they are
1 willing to receive. I take the ground that about
| eighteen months ago, the Congress of the United
i States listened to the complaint of the present reb
| els in Kansas, who said to us this: " a band of
I armed marauders has invaded us from a neighbor-
   -   .! ill"- State; they have possession of our Territorial
whom the dullness of a judicial investigation couldnotdis- j| ^ "o.;.!..,.,..-. thev have passed a law by which
gust. The^court did not hesitate to please the incoming ,j thp^ are abo'uUo ca]j togetheraconvention to form
. , , . • I; a constitution for the new State of Kansas-, they
Where are we, sir, that such language as this t\ not allow us to vote fairiy; we are a majority,
is used? Is this the Senate of the United btates, ,j ^ un]ess you come to our relief, there is no help
and are we here, the embassadors of coequal sov- j; ^ ug4" Thev asked us then to admit them as a
ereigntics, to be insulted by language like this, j gtate int0 the Union under the Topeka constitu-
Is not this an insult to every one of us, direct and j t*on^ as jjggt Gf q\\ possible remedies against
personal? ;; the usurpations of which they complained. At
The court did not hesitate to please the incoming Prcs- • j ,, t tirae tj)0 Territorial Legislature had inaugu-
ident by seizing this extiancous andI idle forensic discussion, j scheme for the adoption of a constitu-
and converting it into an occasion for pronouncing™ opin- . rated tne scnen.e ioi uit auopuon t a cui.
ion thflt the Missouri prohibition was void, and thai, by loroe '. tion. Tne law for cailmsj a contention had been
of the Constitution, slavery existed, with all tne elements <t paaSed. They were about to vote for delegates,
of property in man over mm, tn ail the Tcintories oi tlio j j rpi , .  • . - .• — : t.:
of property m man over man, in an the Teimories <« im; j j t tl precjse time in which this vaunted
!j majority of pL-Soilers m Kansas approached
*• + ; i the Congress of the United States with coniplainta
"The day of inauguration came—the flr*t one anions all '• they were down-trodden.
the cclebiations of that £?reat national pageant that wa< to ,; iy. . j tj genate of the United States reply?
he donated by a coalition between the executive and }u- ' vv uaL UiU u,e ot,iaLC ui u c ^ t,
dtcml departments, to undermine the National Legislatuie ,
and tiie hbetties 01 the people." !■
Is there a solitary word of truth in this ? Not (
n>iP. Is a solitary fact alleged5 Not one; but ;
a broad and naked charge is made, which is in-
i The Democrats were in a majority here, and they
said, scit may be that what you say is true; it may
be that you are down-trodden and oppressed m
I violation oflav; you assert it yourselves, and you
' have eomplaisant advocates here on this floor to
