1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
trated along our own frontier, at eligible points,
large bodies of efficient horse, all or any portion
of which could, upon the opening of spring and
the first appearance of grass, inarch to punish
aggression or repress any spirit of insubordina-
tion. These cantonments for cavalry should be
established at points where corn and hay are
abundant and cheap. The present is a favorable
period for the choice of permanent locations, for
the reason thatupon a large portion of our north-
west frontier, particularly, settlements have
nsarly reached the limits of cultivable lands, be-
yond which, while there are spots of rich soil
and tolerable pasturage, they are not sufficient
for extended settlement. Hence there is no like-
lihood of military stations being left, as hereto-
fore, in the heart of a thickly-populated country,
after the lapse of a very few years. The posts
selected in the manner now indicated would be-
come useless only when the Indian tribes ceased
to be formidable, or disappear altogether, for
they would be upon the line of permanent fron-
tier, which has now been reached.
The concentration of these large bodies of
horse at eligible points upon our borders would
have the best influence both upon the discipline
and effectiveness of the corps. Throughout the
winter, when field operations were impossible,
the men could be perfectly dulled, and the horses
would be put in complete order for the most ac-
tive and arduous scrvice in the earliest spring.
This double line of defense would constitute a
perfect protection to the settlements, in the first
place, and would soon prove far the most eco-
nomical system of frontier protection, because it
would greatly diminish and cheapen the trans-
portation of military stores and munitions of war,
which is now the chief sourcc of our most un-
satisfactory frontier expenditure. The infantry
stations would not necessarily be large, and sup-
plies could be furnished them from convenient
points at very moderate rates.
For these reasons, and many others which read-
ily suggest themselves, I venture to submit to
you the propriety of asking from Congress an
increase of the Army. I am strengthened in my
convictions of its propriety from the recommend-
ations of my predecessor, whose thorough knowl-
edge of the Army and its requirements give his
opinions great weight, and from the recommend-
ations, also, of the General-in-Chief.
The Army has been very actively and con-
stantly engaged in the performance of arduous
and importantduties. The Indian war in Florida
claimed the attention of a strong forcc, composed
mainly of the fifth infantry and fourth artillery,
during the spring and early part of the summer.
This war has been prosecuted with all the vigor
which the character of the country and that of
the enemy would admit of. The country is a
perpetual succession of swamps and morasses,
almost impenetrable, and the Indians partake
rather of the nature of beasts of the chase thnn
of men capable of resisting in fight a military
power. Their only strength lies in a capacity to
elude pursuit.
Exigent affairs in the West demanded the re-
moval of those two regiments from Florida to the
Territory of Kansas; but they have been replaced
by volunteers, and the pursuit of the Indians has
been continued by the latter troops up to the pres-
ent time. The services rendered by these volun-
teer troops have been spoken of in terms of mer-
ited commendation in the reports of officers in
command.
Two very important and momentous subjects
forced themselves upon the attention of this De-
partment at an early period of my incumbency.
These were the complications growing out of
the troubles in the Territory of Kansas, and the
still more involved and difficult relations borne
by the Territory of Utah towards this Govern-
ment. The latter has recently assumed a very
threatening attitude, of which I will presently
speak.
The very anxious and earnest representations
of danger to the public peace wlncli were made
by the Governor of Kansas, growing out of ex-
asperations between the different political parties
there, and his earnest call for a large body of
troops, required the transfer of the tenth regiment
New Series—No. 3.
of infantry and fourth regiment of artillery to Fort
Leavenworth, and also the recall of Colonel Sum-
ner's command, then in the field, and that en-
gaged in marking the southern boundary of Kan-
sas, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel
Johnson, of the first cavalry. From other quar-
ters, likewise, troops were moved to Kansas, until
a force was concentrated there sufficient, in the
opinion of the Governor, to repress all insubor-
dination and to insure the peace of the Territory.
The result has fully answered the expectations
of that distinguished functionary. The peace of
Kansas has been undisturbed.
The requisite provision, however, for this de-
sirable object, agreeably to the wishes of the
Governor, necessitated a very important modifi-
cation of the plans then already determined upon
with regard to the movement of troops to Utah.
A large portion of both horse and foot, intended
for this distant service, was detached and re-
mained behind, leaving the expedition to proceed
with the fifth and tenth infantry, the batteries of
Captains Phelps and Reno, with a part of the
second dragoons, which followed long after the
head of the column had set out on the march.
UTAH AND THE EXPEDITION THITIIEIt.
This subject has very recently assumed so
extraordinary and important an attitude, that I
deem it proper to dwell upon it somewhat more
at length than, under other circumstances, would
have been required.
The Territory of Utah is peopled almost ex-
clusively by the religious sect known as Mor-
mons. From the time their numbers reached a
point sufficient to constitute a community capa-
ble of anything like independent action, this
people have claimed the right to detach them-
selves from the binding obligalions of the laws
which governed the communities where they
chanced to live. They have substituted for the
laws of the land a theocracy, having for its head
an individual whom they profess to believe a
prophet of God. This prophet demands obe-
dience, and receives it implicitly from his people,
in virtue of what he assures them to bo author-
ity derived from revelations received by himfrom
Heaven. Whenever he finds it convenient to
exorcise any special command, these opportune
revelations of a higher law come to his aid.
From his decrees there is no appeal; against his
will there is no resistance. The general plan by
which this system is perpetuated consists in call-
ing into active play the very worst traits of the
human character. Religious fanaticism, sup-
ported by imposture and fraud, is relied on to
enslave the dull and ignorant; whilst tho more
crafty and less honest arc held together by stim-
ulating their selfishness and licensing their appe-
tites and lusts. Runnigg counter, as their tenets
and practices do, to the cherished truths of Chris-
tian morality, it is not to be wondered at that,
wherever these people have resided, discord and
conflict with the legal authorities have steadily
characterized their history.
From the first hour they fixed themselves in
that remote and almost inaccessible region of our
territory, from which they are now sending de-
fiance to the sovereign power, their whole plan
has been to prepare for a successful secession from
the authority of the United States, and a perma-
nent establishment of their own. They have
practiced an exclusiveness unlike anything ever
before known in a Christian country, and have
inculcated a jealous distrust of all whose religious
faith differed from their own, whom they char-
acterize under the general denomination of Gen-
tiles. They have filled their ranks and harems
chiefly from the lowest classes of foreigners, al-
though some parts of the United States have
likewise contributed to their numbers. They are
now formidable from their strength, and much
more so from the remoteness of their position and
the difficulty of traversing the country between
our frontiers and Great Salt Lake. This Mormon
brotherhood has scarcely preserved the semblance
of obedience to the authority of the United States
for some years past; not at all, indeed, except as
it might confer some direct benefit upon them-
selves, or contribute to circulate public money
in their community. Whenever it suited their
temper or caprice, they have set the United States
authority at defiance. Of late years, a well-
founded belief has prevailed that the Mormons
were instigating the Indians to hostilities against
our citizens, and were exciting among the Indian;
tribes a feeling of insubordination and diseon.-
tent.
I need not recite here the many instances in'
their conduct and history on which these general
allegations are founded, especially the conduct
they have adopted within the last twelve months
towards the civil authorities of the United
States.
It has, nevertheless, always been the policy
and desire of the Federal Government to avoid
collision with this Mormon community. It has
borne with the insubordination they have exhib-
ited under circumstances when respect for their
own authority has frequently counseled harsh
measures of discipline. And this forbearance
might still be prolonged, and the evils rife among
them be allowed to work out their own cure, if
this community occupied any other theater, iso-
lated and remote from the seats of civilization,
than the one they now possess. But, unfortu-
nately for these views, their settlements lie in the
great pathway which leads from our Atlantic
States to the new and flourishing communities
growing up upon our Pacific sea-board. They
stand a lion in the path; not only themselves de-
fying the military and civil authorities of the Gov-
ernment, but encouraging, if not exciting, the
nomad savages who roam over the vast unoccu-
pied regions of the continent to the pillage and
massacre of peaceful and helpless emigrant fam-
ilies traversing the solitudes of the wilderness.
The rapid settlement of our Pacific possessions;
the rights in those regions of emigrants, unable
to afford the heavy expenses of transit by water
and the isthmus; the facility and safety of mili-
tary, commercial, political, and social intercom-
munication between our eastern and western pop-
ulations and States, all depend upon the prompt,
absolute,and thorough removalof a hostile power
besetting this path midway of its route, at a point
where succor and provisions should always be
found, rather than obstruction, privation, and
outrage. However anxiously the Government
might desire to avoid a collision with this or any
other community of peopleunder its jurisdiction,
yet it is not possible for it to postpone the duty
of reducing to subordination a rebellious frater-
nity besetting one of the most important avenues
of communication traversing its domain, and not
only themselves defying its authority, but stim-
ulating the irresponsible savages hovering along
tho highway to acts of violence indiscriminate-
ly upon all ages, sexes, and conditions of way-
farers.
Fiom all the circumstances surrounding this
subject at the time, it was thought expedient
during the past summer to send a body of troops
to Utah with the civil officers recently appointed
to that Territory. As the intention then was
merely to establish these functionaries in the
offices'to which they had been commissioned, and
to erect Utah into a geographical military depart-
ment, the force then dispatched and now enroute to
the Territory was thought to be amply sufficient
for these purposes. Supplies were abundant there,
and the position was favorable for holding the In-
dians in check throughout the whole circumjacent
region of country. It was hardly within the line
of reasonable probability that these people would
put themselves beyond the pale of reconciliation
with the Government by acts ofunprovoked,open,
and wanton rebellion. It will be seen, however,
from thc'documents accompanying this report,
that flagrant acts of rebellion have been commit-
ted by them, in the face of positive assurances
given them that the intention of the Government
in sending troops into the military department of
Utah was entirely pacific.
Great care had been taken, in preparing for the
march to Utah, that nothing should seem to ex-
cite apprehension of any action on the part of the
army in the least conflicting with the fixed prin-
ciples of our institutions, by which the military
is strictly subordinate to the civil authority. The
instructions to the commanding officer were de-
liberately considered and carefully drawn; and
