34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
he was charged not to allow any conflict to take
place between the troops and the people of the
Territory, except only in case he should be
called on by the Governor for soldiers to act as
a posse comitatus in enforcing obedience to the
laws.
In conformity with this sentiment, andto assure
these people of the real intention of the movement,
an active, discreet officer was sent in advance of
the army to Utah, for the purpose of purchasing
provisions for it, and of assuring the people of
the Territory of tho peaceful intentions of the
Government. This duty was faithfully performed;
the chief men of the fraternity were assured that
no violence was intended towards them or any
one, and that nothing could be further from the
intention of the Government or the army than to
molest any one for their religious opinions, how-
ever abhorrent they might be to the principles of
Christian morality. This officer found, upon en-
tering the Territory, that these deluded people
had already, in advance of his arrival, or of any
infoimation, except as to the march of the column,
determined to resist their approach, and prevent,
if possible, and by force, the entrance of the army
into the valley of Salt Lake. Supplies of every
sort were refused him. The day after his depart-
uie from the city, on his way back, Brigham
Young issued his proclamation, substantially de-
claring war against the United States, and, at the
same time, putting the Territory under martial
law. Tho facts connected with this mission of
Captain Van Vliet will appear more in detail from
his reports, herewith transmitted.
In view of the menacing altitude of affairs in
Utah, and of the importance of a prompt and
thorough suppression of the spirit of rebellion
reigning there, I must repeat my recommendation
of five new regiments, which I am persuaded is
the very smallest addition to the Army winch the
exigencies of the service will allow.
THE STAFF.
Attention has been repeatedly called to defects
in the organization of the Army, and to various
details in reference to several of its parts. As
these evils increase with time and practice under
them, 1 must again bring them before you.
The basis of our existing system is the British
army as it served m tho colonies before the Rev-
olution, retaining many of the defects, since cor-
rected in Great Britain, under llic experience and
necessities of long wars. Provisions inconsist-
ent with the existing system, copied from other
nations, and partial legislation designed for par-
ticular interests, have augmented" these evils,
and we have committed the fault of adapting
our fundamental organization to n time of
peace, instead uf basing it on tho exigencies of
war.
One of the greatest eriois of detail is the sep-
arate, independent character of our staff corps.
This removes them from their proper position as
aids or assistants to the commander, and consti-
tutes them his equals. It contracts the sphere of
observation and experience, and thus unfits the
officer for change or advancement, and begets an
accumulation of precedent and prerogative at war
with the vital principle of military organization—
the inviolable and undivided authority of tho head.
He is bound, as they are, by the law, and his con-
struction of it should govern them, not theirs
him.
Another defect is the uncertain and ill-defined
rights of brevet rank. We have adopted the
word, but not its signification, from the English
rule, and applied it to circumstances not contem-
plated or existing when first established. Re-
peated decisions and imperfect legislation have
only incicciscd the evil by inviting new discus-
sions and adopting new constructions.
We have retained another fault, abandoned,at
least practically, in almost every service among
civilized nations, even the most aristocratic and
monarchical. This is promotion by seniority. ;
Age and experience should bring excellence; but'
the test lies in the actual possession of the latter, I
and not merely in the circumstances which it is !
assumed should produce it. Scniouty, with the
requiiements essential for position, ought cer-
tainly to give precedence; but without these, that
dignity and respect which belong to rank and
command can never be secured.
All that has been urged in favor of retaining it
with lis is the danger of political or personal favor
governing a selection. There may bedangerfrom
this source, but, by the rule of seniority, the
worst officer of any arm must, if he lives, come
to be one of the most important and responsible
officers under the Government—the colonel of a
regiment. By selection, it is possible that the
very best may not be always chosen, though the
chances are in favor of this hypothesis; but cer-
tainly the very worst never will be, and this is
surely a gain on the present rule.
To correct these and other evils, 1 would urge
so to provide by law for the construction of the
regiments of horse, artillery, and infantry, as to
approach them, as far as our circumstances re-
quire, to the practice of all nations long expe-
rienced in war, and so as to admit their contraction
for peace and their reexpansion in war without
altering this basis.
This can be done without any increase of
officers or men, or augmentation of expense, by
merely arranging those already in service and the
companies of each corps to suit tho end proposed.
To place the staff in proper relation to the rest
of the Army, the law should collect all the officers
doing that branch of duty into one corps, to be
assigned by authority of the President to such
duties as each may seem to be best fitted for,
securing to each the rank and relative position he
now holds. But, as some staff corps are confined
to duties requiring special instruction and long
experience, their separate organization might be
retained.
A general provision dispensing with the staff
bureaus and giving the President authority to
regulate the duties on the principles above stated,
and to transfer, when necessary, officers to and
from the line and staff', would restore the institu-
tion to its proper effectiveness. Thus, the staff
near the War Department, representing the au-
thority of the constitutional commander-in-chief
of the Army and Navy, would bear the same
relation to him as the staff attached to a corps in
the field have to the colonel or general who com-
mands it.
To avoid, for the future, the difficulties attend-
ing brevet rank, tho best plan is to create, per-
manently, the general offices now exercised under
brevets, making as many major generals and
brigadier generals as the strength of the Army
requires. This would afford promotion to many
brevet officers of inferior rank, and thus absorb
nearly all; as the strength of the Army requires
these officers, and they have always existed under
the brevet rank, no increase of expense would
follow their being permanently established. The
law should then provide that brevet rank should
give no right, under any circumstances, unless
by the especial assignment of the Piesident in
such case, retaining that rank as a mere honorary
distinction, except 111 case of especial assignment,
but at all times recommending the beaicr as a
worthy candidate for promotion.
Promotion may be made a reward of merit and
an incentive to zeal by enacting that it shall take
place by seniority in corps (unless m exttaordi-
liary cases) to the rank of captain, and beyond
that by selection from tho next grade in the same
arm to that to be filled as far as colonel, inclusive.
General officers to be at the choice of tho Presi-
dent, as they now are.
Much has been said as to the propriety of
separating the purchase of stores and supplies,
and all moneyed accountability, from the officers
proper of the Army.
This system has been adopted in France, but
is objected to as giving to the civil officers thus
employed an immunity from military control, in-
jurious, if not fatal, to tho interests of tho service,
ihis objection would be fully met by providing
that this class of officers, without receiving mili-
tary rank, or being entitled to command, should
be amenable to military tribunals, and thus act
under the same responsibility that the disbursing
officer now does.
It is certain that an officer looking forward to
military advancement and fame is tempted to
incur risks on the field of battle, the fatal issue j
of which might ruin his family, and some of his
friends, and his own reputation, through the dis-
order which his sudden death might bring into
his pecuniary affairs.
These proposed changes- would restore our
military system to that simplicity which would
render such amendments as experience might
recommend easy and well adapted to existing cir-
cumstances.
I concur with my predecessor in other proposed
ameliorations, and especially in preparing for in-
firm and disabled officers a competent and tran-
quil retreat, and for the unworthy a substantial
dismissal from the service; thus securing that
efficiency of the Army which will entitle it to full
respect from the country, and which the country
have a right to demand.
This should be applied in two ways: First, on
the application of the officer; and second, on the
direction of the President, as if on accusation.
A board of five officers of high rank to be detailed
for each case, and the examination to be con-
ducted as though on charges before a court mar-
tial; the President to decide on the report of the
court. The disposal of the officer to be one of
three kinds: First, an honorable release from duty,
and from any corps to which he may be attached;
remaining as a supernumerary officer with the
pay and emoluments of his grade, as on leave of
absence: Second, to be retired from the Army,
without censure or disgrace, 011 his pay proper,
unless he forfeits it by misconduct: Third, to be
retired from the Army, without pay or compen-
sation, except a gratuity of one year's, or six or
three months' pay, to secure him from the evil
consequences of absolute want.
REPORT OF THE GENERAL-IN-CHIEF.
I call special attention to the report of the Gen
eral-in-Chief, and ask for his recommendations a
favorable consideration. It is certainly true that
to call ours a peace establishment is a mere abu.-.e
of tonus. It is well known that the casualties uf
the battle-field bear a very small proportion to
the loss of life from exposure and hardship en-
countered in long and perilous marches, and from
protracted campaigns. I11 every particular, with
j the exception only of the battle-fiekl.no hardships
encountered by any army prosecuting any war
are greater than those to which a very large pro-
portion of our troops are constantly exposed; and
the dangers of battle are far from being insignifi-
cant, as the reports of these constantly recurring
conflicts will abundantly show.
The plan of regimental depots for recruiting, I
atn confident will be very advantageous to the ser-
vice. It will produce a spirit of generous rivalry,
conducive in the highestdegree to good discipline
and military bearing. The tone of the rank and
file needs elevation extremely, and every means
should be resorted to tending to effect it. If our
troops were massed sufficiently to insure perfect
drill and discipline; if they were made soldiers
instead of day-laborers; if a feeling of pride in-
stead of degradation resulted from their connec-
tion witli the service, the morale of the Army
would soon take that elevation which is most de-
sirable in all armies, and which certainly ought
to be preeminent 111 that of a groat Republic. The
habit of employing soldiers as laborers is ex-
tremely detrimental to the service. They feel
degraded bccause they are deprived of both the
emoluments and the sturdy independence of the
laboring man, who feels that his vocation is hon-
orable because it is independent and free. The
soldier who enters the service with some degree
of nnlitaiy aspiration, can but resent as a wrong
the order which changes him from Ins legitimate
vocation to that of a mere operative, deprived of
his fair wages. I think it would conduce greatly
to the elevation of tho rank and file if promotion
to commission was made readily and certainly
attainable by the really meritorious men in the
ranks. If our Army was put upon the proper
footingjjhe anomalous spectacle of having two
thirds of our rank and file composed of foreigners
would certainly not be witnessed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Tho expenses of the Army have been and are
I constantly much augmented by the necessity of
1 moving large bodies of troops, at the shortest
