THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 14, 1858.
New Series....No. 132.
commissioners provided for in the bill; and I ask
nothing more than it provides for.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am glad
I hit the center so exactly; and I hope, as ray
substitute meets the views of the gentleman from
Missouri, that it will meet the views of the com-
mittee at large. There is one thing that it cer-
tainly does. It saves the Government the expense
of all the paraphernalia of this commission—com-
missioners, agents, attorneys, clerks, and so forth
—and it leaves these people who have claims, to
come into court if they wish to come into court.
It provides an easy way of carrying out the treaty
stipulations, and it relieves the Government of
the United States from the charge very properly
brought against it by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] that we propose to invalidate ev-
ery title, unless everybody in the Territory brings
his title into court.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to say one word at that
point. I think that the gentleman fromKeutucky
and the gentleman from Ohio are both mistaken
in their allegations. This bill respccts every title
of every description which any inhabitant of that
country held under the Mexican Government; and
the gentleman's substitute does no more, except
that it gives another title—which Congress has a
perfect right to do—a title by twenty years' pos-
session, and I believe that possession for that time
would give a title under the Mexican laws. So
that there is not one particle of difference between
the substiti^fcoftered by the gentleman and the bill
reported b^SPhe committee.
Mr. REAJGAN. Mr. Chairman, the gentlemen
who have prepared this bill have, doubtless, done
so with a view to the protection and security of
the rights of the citizens of New Mexico. The
most substantial arguments urged in favor of the
bill, those presented by the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Taylor,] and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Quitman,] rest upon the ground of
the necessity that the United States should pro-
vide means for the perfection of inchoate titles.
That is all right. I concede that some action may
be necessary if there are inchoate titles m New
Mexico, as there doubtless are, to enable those
titles to be perfected. But, in acting upon this sub-
ject, we should remember that the population of
New Mexico is confined mainly to the Rio Grande
and to a few other localities. We should remem-
ber that the people of that Territory have occu-
pied it for ages past, and that their titles are as old
as theirorigin, andhavepassed outofmind. They
have their archives there and their l&ws of pre-
scription; they may have their evidences of title;
they at least have possession where they do not
have evidences of title; and wherever they have
titles, either written titles, grants from the Gov-
ernment, or titles by prescription, their right to
their land is secured by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. I apprehend that those gentlemen who
have argued that they have no title until the Gov-
ernment of the United States confers it, have not
looked into the subject. Certainly they have titles
under the eighth and ninth articles of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo; their rights are secured to
them and aie beyond the power of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or of New Mexico or
of any person on earth. If they have titles, those
titles are secured to them and they cannot be di-
vested of them unless it be by force; there are no
lawful means of dispossessing them of those titles.
Then, sir, in addition to the fact that they have
been long settled, there are large masses of the peo-
ple who, as you have been told, arc not learned;
they are, m fact, to a great extent, an ignorant
people; some of them are semi-barbarians almost;
they are, besides that, not a wealthy people; they
are not a commercial people; they are a people
who have been raised there and have lived there
all their lives, and who know little out of the lim-
its of their immediate neighborhood; they know
nothing about the machinery of courts and the in-
vestigation of titles. I speak, of course, of the
large mass of those who will be damaged, in my
judgment, if this bill passes. The great mass o£
the people upon whom this bill is to operate, if it
132
becomes a law, are persons in the condition and of
the description which I have mentioned. This bill
will drive them into litigation, and require them,*
at great expense and in entire ignorance of the
law, to investigate their titles. Now, I do not
want to be tempted to remove from Texas; but if
y-ou pass this bill, the temptation to go to New
Mexico, and practice law there, will be so great
that I do not know whether I shall be able to re-
sist it. But whether I go there or not, I tell you
that the lawyers and the speculators will own one
third or half the titles in New Mexico before the
titles are quieted under this bill, and the people
themselves, whom it is intended to benefit, will
be broken up and ruined by useless litigation.
Now, if the object is to perfect inchoate titles,
why not provide a bill for that purpose? If the
object is to delineate the titles in existence on the
maps of the country, in order to avoid conflicts
between existing titles and titles obtained under
the Government of the United States, why not
provide for the delineation of those titles on the
maps at the expen.se of the country, and not at-
tempt to force ignorant and uninformed citizens
into the courts of the country to adjudicate titles
which are perfect to them, and may have been so |
for a hundred years past? Doubtless many of the I
titles to these lands are fifty or one hundred years !
old. I tell the House that if the object of this bill
is to protect the people of New Mexico in their
titles to their lands, 1 am satisfied it will not ac-
complish that object, but that it will be the means
of bieakin^ up many of the poor, ignorant settlers
of New Mexico.
A class of titles, similar to those to which this
bill especially relates, have been extremely liti-
gnted in the State which I have the honor, in part,
to represent. The Republic of Texas, in its con-
stitution, recognized the right to property in the
former inhabitants of the country, as the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo recognized the right to
property in the former inhabitants of New Mex-
ico, and as the treaty of 1803 recognized the right
to property in the former inhabitants of Louisiana.
Without any other legislative authority confirm-
ing or guarantying the titles to the former inhab-
itants of Texas than the provision contained in
the constitution, these titles have frequently been
adjudicated; and wherever they have been found
valid, they have been sustained by the courts of
Texas; and upon appeal, in a number of those
cases, to the Federal courts, those titles have been
sustained.
I present this case to show that the principle is
correct; that theic need not be any specific rec-
ognition of title beyond the mere general recogni-
tion of the right of property, where the title has
been vested under a former government. I, how-
ever, very much prefer the substitute which has
been proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] to the original bill; but I am op-
posed to that part of the substitute which requires
a citizen, who has a perfect title, to go into a
court and investigate nis title, which is already
complete.
And I go further. I assert that we have not
the constitutional power lo pass this bill. I assert
that, under the Constitution of the United States,
we have no power to force upon men the neces-
sity of adjusting their titles. I assert still further,
that when you attempt to adjudicate upon their
perfected titles, and undertake to declare such
titles void, because they will not obey your laws
forcing them to adjudication, you divest them of
their constitutional rights, and your action is void.
Mr. QUITMAN. I think the gentleman is
laboring under a misapprehension. I contend that
these inchoate and imperfect titles, founded in the
equity of the Spanish Government, must, in order
to perfect them, have some specific action upon
the part of the political government of the coun-
try; that the political government must, in some
shape, be put m motion before the courts enn rec-
ognize those titles which are inchoate, and exist
only in equity.
I think the gentleman is mistaken in another
statement. The Supreme Court of the United
States have again and again decided that they
could not recognize any claim to property founded
in treaty, unless that claim was adjudicated by
the Government. If something was required upon
the part of the Spanish Government to perfect
these titles, something is required on our part; and
these titles cannot be completed without express
legislation. It is the cheapest and best mode, and
the mode which will avoidalarge numberof suits,
to set a commission down in the neighborhood,to
examine these titles.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say this in reply
to the gentleman from Mississippi, I recognize
the correctness of the principle stated by him in
reference to inchoate titles, that when the title is
not complete under a former Government, the po-
litical action of this Government is necessary to
pcrfect it. And I have already said in my remarks
that if the object of the friends of this bill is to
make provision for perfecting inchoate titles, let
them introduce a bill for that purpose and I will
support it. But, Mr. Chairman, if it is intended
by the gentleman from Mississippi to assert the
proposition that political action is necessary to
maintain the perfect titles which existed under
the former Government, then I say that the Su-
preme Court of the United States has decided
against his proposition again and again.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I am very reluctant to in-
terrupt the gentleman again, but 1 think he mis-
apprehends the point. The object we are seeking
to attain is the settlement of these titles. Now it
would be impracticable to act definitely upon those
titles in gross, because they must be examined
individually. No general bill would answer the
purpose. The title of A or B must be examined
upon its own merits, and therefore it is abso-
lutely necessary that commissioners should be
appointed.
Mr. REAGAN. I have stated that, in my opin-
ion, you have no right to force the owners of per-
fect titles into an adjudication of their claims. I
have conceded that the action of the political au-
thority was necessary to render perfect inchoate
titles. I am ready to vote for a bill to make per-
fect inchoate titles, whenever such a bill shall be
presented. I am ready to vote for a bill which
shall devolve upon the surveyor general, and
those connected with him, in New Mexico, the
duty of delineating upon their maps all the titles
of the country.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. When I ad-
dressed the committee I called their attention to
the fact that, so far as the titles which are com-
plete is concerned, it was a matter of no conse-
quence whether they were presented or not, as they
are good under the treaty. I now give notice that,
at the proper time, when the sections of the bill
are before the committee for amendment, I shall
move to amend the second section by inserting
the word "inchoate," so that it shall read:
Spc. 2. Jirt A he it further enacted. That said commission
shall decide upon the validity or invalidity of all inchoate
private land claims brought before them, and for that puipose
shall have the power to issue notices, summon w itnoe-ca,
administer oath®, and do and perform all other acts neces-
sary and lequisne to be done m the piemises.
I also propose to insert the word "inchoate,"
in the eighth section, so as to make it read:
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That each and every
poison claiming lands m New Mexico by virtue of any in-
choate right or title derived from the Spanish or Mexican
Governments shall present the same to the secretary of said
hoard, m winch claim <oall be set fonh, in writing, the
amount of land claimed, the iiatme of the title or claim,
and how denved : and m all cases where the claim has been
located, the .boundaries of the same with reasonable cer-
tainty, together with such documentary evidence, deeds and
grants, or copies thereof, and testimony of witnesses, when
said testimony is taken before the trial, or names ot wit-
nesses, and their residence, as the claimant relic? upon m
support of his claim, which said claims shall be enteied by
tin; veeretiliy on a docket to be provided for that pin pose ;
and it shall be the dutv of the commissioners, when the case
is ready for hearing, *to proceed promptly to examine the
same upon such cvidcnce ad may be presented, and upon
the evidence produced in behalf of the Lmted State-., and
to decide upon the validity or invalidity of said claim
I do this for the purpose of making the act what
it in fact is—an act to enable the board to exercise
political power so as to carry out the obligations
