1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
March 11,
which he might use were not specifically enumer-
ated and pointed out in another provision of the
Constitution. . „
But the Constitution expressly requires Con-
gress to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws. And it 1/3 a well-settled rule
of construction, that when the mode of executing-
a given power is prescribed, it excludes the use
of any other mode. If the law requires the exe-
cution of the sentence of death upon a person con-
victed of a capital crime, by hanging, the sheriff
may not shoot him, although the party convicted
may desire it. If ho depart from the mode of
execution prescribed by the law, he is guilty of
murder. . .
Now take these two clauses of the Constitution
together, and what is their plain, common-sense
construction? He shall see that "the laws be
faithfully executed." To that end,he shall require
his subordinates, who are immediately charged
with the execution of the laws, to perform their
duties with fidelity and in good faith; and if they
are resisted by combinations or associations of
persons too powerful to be overcome by the officer
and such force as he may be able to command,
then the President shall call forth the militia. This
is certainly the plain, natural import of these two
provisions of the Constitution, when taken to-
gether and construed with reference to then- sub-
ject-matter. It is also worthy of remark in this
connection, that while Congress is authorized to
organize,arm, and discipline the militia, the offi-
cers are to be appointed, and the militia trained
fey the States.
The subject of the power of calling forth the
militia to execute the laws was very much dis-
cussed in the Virginia convention which adopted
the Constitution of the United States. It was
said, by the opponents of the Constitution, that it
armed the President with a despotic power which
was capable of being gieatly abused. In reply,
it was said that the militia was taken from the
body of the people; was identified with them in I
interest and in feeling, and therefore could not be j
used as instruments of despotism to oppress the I
people. Nobody, then, seemed to have imagined 1
that the Army could be used to execute the laws. •
Mr. Madison, in reply to an argument of Mr.
Henry, says: 1
" The constitution does not say that a standing aimy shall j
toe called out to execute the laws. ;
"Is not this (calling the mtlmal the more proper way?
The militia ought to be called foitli to suppress stnugzlcis.
Will tliis be denied ? The case actually happened at Alex-
andria. There were a number of einuggleis who were too
formidable for the civil powei to oveicoine. Should a num-
ber of smugglers have a numhei of ships, the militia ought
to be called forth to quell them."—Elliott's Delates, vol. B,
1>. 309.
Mr. Nicholas urges the necessity of giving the
power to call out the militia on the express ground
that it will save the necessity of giving power to
use the standing Army. (Elliott's Debates, vol.
2, p. 218.)
The legislation of Congress, and the acts of the
Executive during the administrations of Wash-
ington and the elder Adams, were in strict con-
formity to this construction of the Constitution.
The first law that was passed 011 this subject, •
was in 1703, 011 account of tho Whisky Insuirec- j
tion in western Pennsylvania. It followed closely 1
the language of the Constitution, and gave no !
power to call any force into the service, for tho |
purpose of executing the laws or suppressing 111- •
surrection,except the mihtia. This lawexpired
by its own liu'itation 111 1795, and was then reen-
acted in substantially the same terms. _ J
In 1807 a law, containing but a single section of !
half a dozen lines, was passed, auttion/.ing the \
President, ill all cases where he was authorized by \
law to call out the militia to execute the laws or sup-
press insurrection, to call out the regular troops.
This is doubtless the origin of the power which
has been exercised so freely of late years, of using
the troops as a posse to aid civil officers in the ;
execution of process. 1 have no doubt, in my :
own mind, that this law is unconstitutional, and
ought to be repealed at once, that it may 110 longer
be used as a cloak iorfurther usurpation. Public ;
opinion ought at once to be aroused to the mag- ,
nitude of tins question. If a standing army of
mercenary troops, whose officers are appointed
by the President, are to be recognized as a proper
and legitimate police force tonal m the execution
of thclaws, suppress riots, and keep the peace at
the polls 011 election days, in the States and Ter-
ritories.of the United States, it is time the people
knew.it.
The rank and file of the regular Army is made
up mainly of thelowest class offoreign emigrants,
and such native-born citizens as are found about
the, purlieus of your cities and large towns, who
have become so depraved in their habits and char-
acter that they are no longer able or willing to
procure a livelihood by honest labor. Destitute
of family or friends, they have no feelings or sym-
pathies in common with the people at large. Such
an Army, so constituted, looking to the President
as the fountain of patronage and promotion, is
well fitted to become the blind instrument of des-
potism. As the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] truly remarked, regular soldiers are
mere machines, moved by the hand of superior
intelligence. But the militia is composed of the
whole body of the people; and such portions of
them as may be called into the service when an
exigency arises, will sympathize with their neigh-
bors, and will be commanded by officers elected
by themselves, who will have no_ patronage or
promotion to expect from the President, and will
not be used as instruments to promote the ambi-
tious schemes or purposes of the President.
But the idea of requiring the Army to follow
the heels of the sheriff as a posse comitatus to aid
in the arrest of thieves and smugglers, is a total
perversion of the first principles of civil govern-
ment. The posse comitafrus, as the term imports,
means simply the " power," or people, of the
county who are within the jurisdiction and bound
to obey the commands of the sheriff. He cannot
go out outside of his bailiwick to command the
services of a single citizen of an adjoining coun-
ty. But tins idea of using the Army authorizes
persons who may have been mustered into the
service in Maine, to be called upon to act as a
posse comitatus to aid in the execution of the laws
in California or Texas. This is " intervention"
with a vengeance. The people will not long sub-
mit to the idea of having strangers and foreigners
brought from distantStates to compel submission
to laws which they may regard as odious and op-
pressive, at the point of the bayonet.
The people of this country are very deeply
impressed with the conviction that they are capa-
ble of governing themselves, and will resist to the
utmost all attempts to govern them by mercenary
soldiers from distant States.
I insist upon it, that the Constitution does not
tolerate any such thing; and tlmt we are not at
the mercy of the President in this particular.
It is the constitutional right of the people, when
the laws are resisted, to be called upon to execute
them themselves, and not to be subjected to the
tender mercies of a mercenary soldiery whenever
it may suit the sovereign will and pleasure of the
President of the United States. Suppose the
militia of the District of Columbia had bean called
upon to keep the peace, at the last municipal elec-
tion in this city. Does anybody believe that a
dozen of the peaceable and inoffensive citizens of
this city would have been shot down in cold blood?
And does anybody doubt that the pcace would
have been as well kept, and that the people would
have been as well protected in the exercise of the
right of suffrage? Very grave and serious ques-
tions may grow out of that and similar transac-
tions. Suppose the officer in command of these
marines should be indicted for murder, and the
court should hold, as 1 have 110 doubt it should
kis brigade at the heels of policemen and making
j an onslaught upon a nest of pickpockets or coun-
terfeiters ?
I insist'upon it, therefore, that for the honor of
the service, if for no other reason, this practice
ought to be abolished. If-1 am right in suppos-
ing that the President has no right to use the reg-
ular Army to aid in the execution of the laws, or
to suppress an insurrection which does not amount
to an open organized rebellion, it follows that the
troops which are proposed to be raised by the bill
of the gentleman from Virginia cannot be used in
the Utah service,unless we first declare thatTer-
ritory to be in a state of rebellion. This I do not
understand that his bill proposes to do.
Mr. CURTIS. The Governor of the Terri-
tory, in his message to the Legislature, speaks
of the time when peace shall be restored, and the
Legislature also speaks of the time when peace
shall be restored. I therefore reply that they re-
gard themselves in a state of war.
Mr. STANTON. That may be so; and there
may be very good reason why Congress should
declare them in rebellion. But I deny that the
Executive has any power to declare any portion
of the country in rebellion, or to make a decla-
ration of war against it without the authority of
Congress. No, sir; the idea of the gentleman
from Iowa, that there maybe a rebellion without
the authority of Congress, is utterly subversive
of all the distinctions provided by Congress be-
tween the powers of the different departments of
this Government. There may or there may not
be occasion for declaring that Territory in rebel-
lion; and I do not care, for the purpose of my
argument, whether there is or is not. All I say
is, that that has not yet been done. Whether the
forces proposed-to be raised by the bill reported
by the chairman of the Military Committee can
be used in that service, depends upon the ques-
tion whether they are regular troops or militia,
within tho meaning of the Constitution. The
chairman of the committee is certainly correct m
saying that they are not strictly either the one or
the other. But the Constitution only recognizes
two kinds of military forces—regulars and mi-
litia. But it recognizes more than one kind of
mihtia; it recognizes State and United States mi-
litia. State militia, in the common acceptation
of the term, means the whole body of the peo-
ple, who are enrolled as militia under the laws of
the State, and are liable to be called to perform
military duty. Certainly the forces provided for
in the bill reported by the Military Committee
are not " militia" in this sense of the term. But
they are required to be organized by States in
separate and distinct corps; and their officers
are to be appointed according to the laws of the
States from which they come. After they are
mustered into the-service, they will still be rec-
ognized and known as troops of the State from
which they come, called into the service of the
United States. By the Constitution of the United
States, the States can have no troops, or military
force of any kind, except militia.
I think, therefore, that these troops will come
within the constitutional meaning of the term
militia. It will be recollected that the Constitu-
tion expressly authorizes Congress to provide for
organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia,
and for governing such parts of them as may be
called into the service of the United States, re-
serving to the States the power to appoint their
do, that the President had 110 right, 110 power, to |j officers, &c. I think the troops here provided for
o-ive the order under which they acted ? Could ho ]j will be raised under the^power granted by this
escape a conviction ? It is true that the President,
wrho gave the order, would undoubtedly grant J
him a pardon. But it is possible that a President ^
may one day be in power wiio will be of a different ^
opinion from the one who gave the order. _ j
But what ought to be done with a President;
who would give an order that would expose his j
subordinate to such consequences? That ques-I
tion I leave for the country to answer. ^ It is not ^
only dangerous to the country, but disgraceful
to the Amy to employ it 111 any such service as |
this. Officers of the Army must feci themselves |
degraded, by requiring them to follow the heels |
of a constable with their companies or regiments ;
to aid in capturing thieves and smugglers. How
would the gentleman from Mississippi like to have i
that laurel crown which he lias earned so richly,
and wears so gracefully, interspersed with such [
herbage as he would gather by following with
provision of the Constitution.
I certainly mean 110 disparagement of this kind
of force, by calling them militia; for I certainly
regard them as the most effective and desirable
troops of any that can be provided for—certainly
in every way preferable to regular troops, except
in the mere matter of military drill and discipline.
It will, therefore, in my opinion, be competent to
use the forces to be raised under this bill in quell-
ing the disturbances, 01 suppressing the insuriec-
tion, or whatever you may call it, in Utah, with-
out declaring the Territory in rebellion. But,
believing the present military force of the coun-
try is quite as larixe as is necessary for all the
purposes for which the President is authorized to
use the regular Army, I must vote against any in-
crease whatever.
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 ask the gentle-
