2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
of this Government, and to enable it to do what
the Mexican Government would have done if
New Mexico had not ceased to be a part of Mex-
ico.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no objection to the
principle announced by the gentleman, but I do
not know whether the details of the bill will con-
form- to it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Unless this debate
can be brought to an end, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. English reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly business
appertaining to the Territories, and had directed
him to report back House bill No. 59, with an
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass. Also that they had had under consid-
eration House bill No. 544, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. BRANCH. I move the usual resolution to
close debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the New Mexico private
land claims bill in Ave minutes after its consider-
ation shall be again resumed in committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. I hope the gentleman will
extend his resolution to the other bills, and limit
debate to fifteen minutes on each.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had better first
be disposed of.
Mr. BRANCH I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union have reported back to
the House a bill in relation to the courts, and
holding the terms thereofin the several Terntories
of the United States, with an amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand a divis-
ion on that amendment, to see whether there is a
quorum here to do business.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will not
do that. It will serve to deprive us of an oppor-
tunity t® attend to any further territorial business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is not a
quorum here, and less than a quorum has no right
to do business.
The amendment was read.
Mr.WASHBURNE.oflllinois, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshai.1.,
of Kentucky, and ICelsey, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes fi5, no 1—no quorum voting.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that there be a call of
the House; and on that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 43, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Blair, Buffinton, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Comms, Cragin, James Craig, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Iowa, Llodd, Giddmgs, Giegg, Hatch, Ueorfe W.
Jones, KeUey, Knapp, belter, Letcher, Lovojoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall. Matteson, Mayiiard,Mi!lson, Nichols, Teri-
dlcton, Phelps, I'iko, Quitman, Reagan, llolihins, ltoyce,
Rufhn, John Sherman, Singleton, Spinner, William Slew-
art, George Ta\ lor, Thayer, Underwood, Wade, Waldron,
and Watkins—43.
NAYS— Messrs. Andrew?, Binghain, Bowie, Bianeh,
Bryan, Chapman, John B. Claik, Covode, Cuny, Curtis,
English, Faulkner, Florenee, Foley, Foster, Gartrell. Crow,
Howard, Iluyler, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones, Landy,
Moore,Morgan,Morrill,Kiblack, Phillips, Sandidge, Scales,
Searniii, J ml.-on W. .Shetman, Stanton, James A Stewart,
Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Walton, Ellihu IS. Washburne,
and WTortendyke—38.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (at four o'clock and
thirty-five minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 13, 1858.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, yesterday received from
the House of Representatives, were severally read
twice by their titles,and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 565) to confirm the land claim of
certain pueblos and towns in the Territory of New
Mexico—to the Committee on Private. Land
Claims.
A bill (No. 170) for extending the land laws
east of the Cascade Mountains, in Oregon and
Washington Territories—to the Committee on
Public Lands. «
A bill (No. 564) to create a land district in the
Territory of New Mexico—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of the
trustees of the Columbian College, at the city of
Washington, praying for a grant of land for the
endowmentof that college; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of Riggs
& Co., praying for the reimbursement of money
advanced by them to Charles Loring, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Benicia, California;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GREEN presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri remonstrating against the diversion
of the proceeds of the lands granted to the State
of Iowa for the improvement of the Des Moines
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of Gilbert
& Gerrish, praying for the payment of drafts
drawn by J. I,. Hey wood, United States marshal
for the Territory of Utah, for money advanced
by them for expenses of the United States court
in that Territory in 1855 and 1856; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of St.
Charles county, Missouri, praying that the land
office at St. Louis may be continued, and that the
land offices in that State, about to be closed under
authority of law, may be consolidated at St. Louis;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I present the memorial of
Mrs. Georgiana M. Lewis, widow of Armstrong
Irvine Lewis, a lieutenant in the Texan navy.
This lady complains that, by the terms of the act
which allowed five years' half pay to officers of
the Texan navy, the phraseology was such as to
exclude her husband, who lived more than five
years after the annexation of Texas, but who
died before the passage of the bill for the relief of
those officers, and she is left with two young
children without resources, and fully entitled, ac-
cording to the equity of the provision of the act
of Congress, to the same relief that the brother
officers of her husband received. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Naval Affairs, ex-
pressing the hope that they will offer an amend-
ment to the naval appropriation bill to amend that
appropriation so as to include the family of those
officers who did live five years after the annexation,
but who, by the phraseology of the act, arc ex-
cluded, although within the equity.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of John
I. Caldwell, praying for the remission of certain
penalties imposed on him by the Post Office De-
partment; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Louis P.
Ta3istro, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Nathan Scolfield, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
300) declaring the title to land warrants in certain
cases, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 299) to establish an
additional land district in the State of Iowa, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 124)
to provide for the holding of the stated terms of
the circuit and district courts of the northern and
southern districts of the State of Ohio, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amendment.
COMMITTEE ON REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, by the
death of our lamented colleague, Mr. Evans, and
by the inability of Mr. Bates to attend, both of
whom belonged to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, that committee is reduced in its num-
ber to three. I, standing at the head of the list,
and with the approbation of the committee, wish
to make this fact known, that their places may
be supplied by other appointments; and I would
move that the Vice President be authorized to
appoint a chairman and another member to that
committee. I do notknow whatelse to do. There
is not much business, I hope, to be transacted in
the committee during the short remnant of the
session, but we are hardly in a condition to act
on it at all now, being reduced to the minimum
of three members. The Senate can take such order
as they please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
make a motion that the Chair appoint two mem-
bers—not to appoint a chairman ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have, by the ordinary
course of business, become the chairman of that
committee; but I really have not time to render
that attention which the situation requires to the
business of the committee; and, furthermore, I
suppose another more acceptable to the Senate,
if I may judge from the organization of the com-
mittees of the Senate at the commencement of the
session, might be appointed. I therefore should
desire that a chairman be appointed in such man-
ner as the Senate may choose to direct. I move
you, sir, that the Vice President be authorized to
appoint two new members of that committee, and
among them a chairman. /
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator/Fom
Kentucky moves that the President of the^Senate
be authorized to fill two vacancies upon the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS OF ARKANSAS.|
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up and pass the bill reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, concerning the Uni-
ted States courts within the State of Arkansas.
The relief which the bill proposes to afford is very
much needed by those courts. I do not think it
will take ten minutes to pass the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
278) concerning the courts of the United States
in the district of Arkansas, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee ofthe Whole.
It provides for the appointment of a district
judge of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Arkansas, at an annual salary of $2,500,
to have and exercise the same jurisdiction and
powers which are now had and exercised within
it by the judge for the district of Arkansas; and
the jurisdiction and authority of the last-men-
tioned judge are to be hereafter confined to the
eastern district of Arkansas.
It further provides that there shall be hereafter
two terms of the circuit court of the United States
held for the eastern district of Arkansas, orf the
second Mondays of April and October in each
year.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will explain
this bill reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. STUART. Had not the Senator better let
it pass at once ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, I will
not make any further explanation unless it is de-
manded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was opposed, in the
Committee on the Judiciary, to the reporting of
this bill, and for this reason: I am opposed to all
bills of this character unless there be an absolute
necessity shown for them; and I did not think
that necessity was shown in this case. This is
the way that power and patronage are being con-
centiated in the Federal Executive constantly.
We go on multiplying the judicial districts. By
multiplying the judicial districts, we create a ne-
cessity for new court-houses; we multiply the dis-
trict attorneys; wo multiply the marshals; and in
that way we are constantly drawing to the Fed-
eral Government powers which, in the origin of
the Government, were not intended to be exer-
cised by it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to state, before he proceeds further
