36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate &; Ho. of Reps.
Upon the general system of sea-coast defense,
it is hardly necessary to say a word at this day.
The policy of the Government seems to be fixed
in that respect; and wisely, too, no doubt, if the
works be prosecuted with a wise economy. For-
tifications are now very justly esteemed the cheap-
est and far the most effectual means of defense
for every important commercial point: with the
heavy guns of the present day no fleet can match
a fortification; and, when completed, these works
can be kept in perfect repair at a very trifling cost
until needed for actual service. A fortification
costing not. much more thandouble thesum neces-
sary to build and equip a first class line-of-battle
ship, will constitute a formidable defense for a
harbor, and will continue to do so throughout any
length of time. The value of this mode of defense
is becoming more apparent every day. As our
population increases, and the facilities for inter-
communication are multiplied, a military force of
any extent can, with more and more readiness,
be concentrated at any given.point in the shortest
possible time. Fortifications, which will naturally
retard the landing of a foreign foe, must give
time to concentrate a force at any given point
equal to any emergency. A larger force could be
thrown into New York in two weeks, by means
of internal communication, than could be brought
there from abroad in a year by all the means
which any European Power could possibly com-
mand.
Our ramified system of railroads, spreading
throughout the whole country—those sinews of
iron which bind with indissoluble ties the com-
mercial interests of our community—confer upon
the nation a capability for defense which obviates ,
forever the necessity of standing armies, or of a ;
navy more numerous than is necesssary to give
protection to our ships in the prosecution of our
extended commerce.
PENSIONS.
The attention of Congress has been frequently
called to the glaring discrepancy between the en-
actments regulating the pensions of soldiers and
those ot sailors. There is an invidious distinc-
tion between these two arms of service which rests
upon no principle of reason or justice. It would,
beyond doubt, conduce to the interest of the Army,
and the public service, too, if pensions in the I
Army wore put upon the same footing precisely
wjth those of the Wavy. The recommendation
of the Grneral-in-Cliief 1 commend to your favor-
able notice and to that of Congress.
MH.ITAItr B4II11S.
The importance of regimental bands to the ser-
vice admits of no donbt'in the estimation of mil-
itary men. In Kuropean armies great attention
is paid to the subject, and great excellence exists
in this department. Heretofore, in our service,
the bands have been supported by contributions
from the men in the shape of savings fiom the
ration. Under the new regulations of the Army,
this fund, which is certainly the property of the
soldier, has been returned to him in the shape of
more palatable addition to his subsistence, par-
ticularly when complaining from indisposition.
Tin; bands will be broken up, unless some means
are set apart for their maintenance. This can
readily be done by appropriating a sufficient sum
for the purpose out of the fines and forfeitures of
the Army. This fund could not be devoted to a
more desirable object.
0JU;G0N AVI) WASHINGTON (LAIMS.
By a law passed the 18th day of August, 1S3G,
a commission was directed to be appointed for the
pui posse of ascertaining the sum of money fairly
due to the volunteers of Oregon and Washington
Teintoiies for their services 111 the Indian wjis
which threatened to lay waste those Territories.
In compliance with this law, Captain Smith, of the
ii i uracoons, Captain Ituius I oralis, of the quar-
termastu* s department, and Lafayette Orover,
h.sq., ot Salem, Oregon, were appointed to exam-
ine the accounts and claims, and to make a report |
in conformity with the law and upon the facts as '
they existed, so far, at least, as it was possible to
aseeitain them.
These officers entuied upon tlioii duties on the
10th day of October, J85G, and seem to have la-
bored with great assiduity and patience in dis-
charge of them until the 20th day of October last,
when they were brought to a close. I have ex-
amined this report very carefully, and conclude
that, from the data they adopted for their guide
as to the prices of stores and subsistence, and
time of service rendered by the men, it is not
probable a more just or accurate result could be
attained than these gentlemen have arrived at.
The amount ascertained to be due is a very large
one, and Congress will have to make provision
for its payment if it is intended they shall be liqui-
dated, of which I presume there can now be no
doubt.
BREECH-LOADING ARMS.
The appropriation for the purchase of the best
breech-loading rifle has been nearly all expended
for arms of different construction—some for ex-
periment in the field, thought to be far the best
test, and some have been purchased for use in the
Army, having been already approved by trials in
the hands of troops in actual service.
I think there existed no arm of the sort at the
time the appropriation was made which has not
been materially improved since; and much of
this improvement has taken place since the trial
made of this sort of arm last summer, at West
Point, under the direction of a board of officers
appointed for the purpose. The variety of breech-
Ioadmg arms is extremely great, and the ingenu-
ity exhibited in constructing them highly credit-
able.  Somu of these arms are best for one soit
of service, whilstotlieis answer best for another,
and the purchases made have been determined
with a view to this object. Improvements are
still going on in the construction of this particu-
lar arm, and, with some further encouragement,
valuable results will no doubt bo attained.
Some of these arms combine, in a very high
degree, celerity and accuracy of fire, with great
force, at long range.
TOPOGRAPHICAL BUREAU.
The clear and complete reports from this
bureau will fully apprise you of its labors during
the past year, and its present condition.
AQLEDUCT, CAPITOL, AND TOST OFFICE EXTEN-
SION.
These woiks arc still under the direction of
the oflicer heretofore in charge of them, and his
report will show the progress made in their pros-
ecution, as well as bis estimates for motley to
carry on the work in the future.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL^ BUREAU.
The operations of this department for the past
year will fully appear from the Quartermaster
Cienend's report, herewith transmitted.
Tire sums expended in this branch of the public
service are extremely largo, but the duties per-
formed are very great, and the necessities for the
payment of immense sums of money in this de-
partment seem unavoidable. This vast expend-
iture will cease to be a matter of surprise to any
one who, with proper information, reflects fully
upon the extent and character of the country over
which our military operations arc conducted.
We are not apt to carry along, as an element
of ledec.tion in drawing a contrast between the
present and former expenditures, the enormous
increase of distances to be tiaversed, and the dif-
ficulties which multiply themselves from trans-
portation over a wild, barren, sterile,uninhabited
waste.
_ Our territory lying between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific ocean is about twelve hun-
dred miles in length from north to south; its
breadth fiom east to west, in latitude 4!)o, jg fif-
teen hundred miles; in latitude 38^, eig'hteen bun-
dled miles, and in latitude 320, fifteen hundred
mile s; the area being about two million squaie
miles.
The meridian of IOjO wost longitude divides
this territory into two nearly equal parts. The
eastern half is a great plain rising gradually from
tae Mississippi river to the foot.of the mountains
along the meridian of 10j°, where its elevation,
near the northern boundary, is two thousand five
hundred foot; in the middle latitude, six thousand
feet; and near the southern boundary, four thou-
sand feet above the sea. The western half is a
mountain region, the chains of which, so far as
yetknown, have, generally, a direction north and
south.
If we draw a line nearly coinciding with tho
meridian .of 99© west longitade, dividing the great
plain into two nearly equal parts, we shall find
that portion east of this line differing entirely
from that west of it. The eastern part is fertile,
the western arid and sterile. The width of the
fertile district is from four to five hundred miles;
of the sterile, from three to four hundred miles.
The surface of this uncultivable region, along the
routes generally traveled, is sandy, gravely, and
pebbly. It supports no trees, except a few wil-
lows and cotton-woods along the streams, to
which mczquite is added in tho southern latitudes.
The grass is sparse; numerous varieties of cac-
tus are abundant. Portions of the river bottoms
(where the soils of the different strata become
mixed, and whore water can be had for irrigation)
are, to a limited extent, cultivable. Tho minor
streams frequently disappear in the sands.
On the western border of the plain the mount-
ains rise abruptly from it. The routes explored
by the Pacific railroad parties entered the mount-
ain region through the lowest known passes,
whose altitudes vary from four to ten thousand
foot above the sea. The mountain ridges and
peaks rise above these passes from one to six
thousand feet. Nearly the entire distance to the
Pacific is occupied by mountains separated by
desert plains or basing. The two great chains
forming tho east and west border of the mountain
region have tiie greatest elevation, inclosing, as
it were, the others.
Great aridity and sterility characterize the
mountain region, except the Pacific slopes of its
western border, and generally the aspect is dreary
and desolate in the extreme.
To be sure, at the foot of the western slopes
of the highest, mountain chains and spurs, fertile
soil and the means of irrigation are often found.
And there are small mountain valleys that are
cultivable, and also river bottoms; but the plains
may be called barren, and, with rare exceptions,
the soil can only be cultivated when the means
of irrigation are at hand. Occasionally belts of
forest are found among the mountains, but the
instances are exceptional.
The great uncultivated belt, including plain
and mountain region, through which all routes
to the Pacific must pass, has a width near our
northern boundary of eleven hundred miles; in
latitude 38°, of twelve hundred miles; and near
the southern boundary, of one thousand miles.
The length of the roads through the belt is of
course greater.
Over nearly this whole region, and over dis-
tances quite as great as these, the quartermaster's
department is called upon to furnish transporta-
tion and supplies for our troops, who are keeping
up a continual patrol of that vast territory, and
a great portion of the time engaged in warfare
with the numerous and hardy savases who ran°-e
perpetually over those boundless wilds. Heavy
expenditures cannot be avoided in the quarter-
master's department as long as we keep up a mil-
itary organization in the West.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
To the President of the United States.
Report of tb.e Commissioner of the Gejieral
Laud Oilice.
GrEKEKAL Land Office,
November 30,1857.
Sir. I have the honor to submit the following
report of the operations of this office for the fiscel
year ending June 30, 1857, and for the quarter
ending September 30,1857.,
Toe quantity of land surveyed and ready for
market, and not advertised, on the 30th of Sep-
tembei, 1857, exclusive of lands "withdrawn on
account of railroad grants, embraces an area of
57,442,870* acres. Of this quantity, there was
surveyed and returned to this office during the five
