1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
man from Ohio to yield me the floor, that I may
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House reso|ve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the .state of the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] will pro-
ceed with his remarks now; otherwise we will
not get through this bill for a week.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should be very glad,
indeed, to yield to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania: but those who are around
me, and who feelan interestm the billnowunder
discussion, seem to indicate to me thatit is proper
for me to go on with what I have to say.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not wish to
take the floor from the gentleman from Ohio, but
I wish to suggest to him, that within ten minutes
from this time the morning hour will have ex-
pired, and I will then be obliged to ask to go to
the business on the Speaker's table. I do not
•wish to interrupt him in ten minutes, and [ would
say that it is for the gentleman's benefit to yield
the floor now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be entitled to move to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, but it will depend on
a vote-of the House whether the House will pass
from the Army bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. If that is the case, I v/ill
give way.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
QUESTION" OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, Before that ques-
tion is put, I wish to submit a question of privi-
lege to the House. The question to which 1 wish
to call the attention of the House is connected
with the action of the special committee appoint-
ed by order of the House on the 8th of February
last. Myself and six others, members of that
committee 
Mr. LETCHER. Is that a question of privi-
lege ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from Virginia will wait till he hears the state-
ment, it will be then time enough for him to ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois far
enough at least to ascertain whether there is a
question of privilege involved or not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Myself and those
who act with me on that committee—seven mem-
bers in all—feel it due to ourselves and to the
House under whose order the committee was ap-
pointed, to present facts to the House sustaining
the view which they entertain, that the commit-
tee has failed to execute the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that does not involve a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 have not yet pre-
sented the question fully, unless the Chair wishes
to decide it before presented. I desire to state, in
behalf of myself and Messrs. Adrain*, Morrill,
Wade, Bennett, Walbridce, and Buffinton,
of the select committee, appointed under the order
of the House of Representatives of the 8th of Feb-
ruary last, to whom was referred the President's
message concerning the Lecompton constitution
with instructions, that in their opinion said com-
mittee had failed and refused to execute the order
of the House contained in the resolution for their
appointment, and has adjourned sine die; and m
proof thereof I propose, as a question of privilege,
to read the journals and minutes of said commit-
tee, and a written statement relating thereto.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the ques-
tion that no privilege can be involved from the
statement of facts submitted by the gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the facts turn out
to be as stated, does the Chair decide that that
does not involve a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair undertakes to de-
cide this point: that no report of facts can ema-
nate from the minority of a committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. With deference to
the Chair, I wish to present my statement, that
theio may be no misapprehension of it cither on
my own pait, or on the part of the House.
'Mr. STEVENSON. I lise to a point of order.
The Chair has decided that this is not a question
of privilege, and the gentleman's remarks are not
in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The point which I
wish to present to the House is this: that the select
committee has not discharged its duty or executed
the order of the House; and that I claim to be a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Illi-
nois on two grounds. In the first instance, there
is no such thing known to parliamentary law, or
topractice, as a report from a minority of a com-
mittee. It has been usual in the practice of this
and other deliberative bodies to receive the views
of a minority of a committee, but it is a matter
of courtesy, and not of right; and secondly, the
majority have submitted no report, and the House
cannot, therefore, know whether its order has
been obeyed or not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. With the permis-
sion of the Chair, I wish to say that this is nota
report from a minority. It is simply a statement
of facts on which to present a question of privi-
lege to the. House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that,
in that aspect of the case, the gentleman cannot
present this as a question of privilege, inasmuch
as no report has been submitted from the commit-
tee appointed in the matter, and inasmuch, there- j
fore, as the House can have no official information j
of what that committee has done. i
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I appeal from the |
decision of the Chair; and I woula inquire of the 1
Chair whether it is not the practice to submit to ;
the House whether it be a question of privilege !
or not? |
The SPEAKER. That is sometimes done, and 1
at other times is not done. The gentleman from I
Illinois will recollect that the first question of priv- :
ilege raised during the present session was decided j
by the Chair, because it was clearly a question of {
privilege. On two subsequent occasions, when l
there was doubt in the mind of the Chair, the .
Chair referred the question to the House for de- '
cision. The Chair has no doubt on the present :
question, and decides it for himself, giving the
gentleman from Illinois, as a matter of course,
the right to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and on that I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to lay
the appeal on the table; and on that I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the Chair
hold that, if is not a privilege of the House that
its committees shall obey the instructions of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the de-
cision of the House. If it shall appear from the
report of the committee that the committee has
not obeyed the order of the House, it is compe-
tent for the House to recommit to the committee,
to discharge the committee, or to censuie ihe
> committee.
|j Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Doesthe Chair,
then, hold that a minority of a committee, or a
I single member of the House, cannot bring the
i question before the House that the majority has
| been guilty of malfeasance of duty, or disregard
1 of the orders of the House?
| The SPEAKER. The Chair undertakes to de-
I cide—and the gentleman from Maine knows it as
! well as the Chair—that, according1 to pariiament-
j ary law, no report can emanate from a commit-
; tee, except that from a majority of the committee. ;
1 As the Chair has stated, it is the practice of the ■
1 House to recoivo the views of the minority of a
| committee. That is done by courtesy, but not as ;
I a matter of right. ;
j Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order at this time 1
; for the majority of that committee to report?
| The SPEAKER. It is not. i
' Mr. FLORENCE. Is this question debata-
i ble ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move a call of the House;
and on that motion I ask for the yras and nays.
The yea-i and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 99, nays 108; as follows: ;
YI' VS—Mes«r? Adwiin. Ah!. Andei*- D'l, AmoK', Atkins, j
Avery, Baik^dale, Bishop. Bocock. Bonluai, Bcnee. Brwui, ,
Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Chngman, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Corning, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curiy, Davidson, David of Mississippi, Dimmiek, Dowdell,
ndnmndsson, Elhoft, Faulkner, Florence, GartrclL Gilmer,
Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, George VV. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. .Kunkei, La-
mar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, MoGtueen, Mason, Maynard,
Miles, Milter, Miilson, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Redly,
Rurnn, Russell, Savage, Scales, Scott, Sealing, Seward,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, William Smith. Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, TaJbot,
Miles raylor,Undeiwood, Ward, Wanen, Watkins,White-
ley, Winslow, Woodson, Wmtendyke, Augustus R.Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billingliurst,
Bingham, Biair, Bliss, Brayton, BufTmton, Burlmg&me,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,
CockerilK Colfax, Comma, Covode, Cox, Cragm,' Curtis,
Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts. Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
Giddmgs, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Half, Iiarlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Ilairis,
Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Itelsey,
Knapp, John C. Kunkei, Lawrence, Leach, Lciter, Love-
joy, McKibbui, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mntte-son, Montgomery. Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Jsaac N. Morns, Freeman'II. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Itobbins, Robert*, Royce, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spmner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, WalbrtUge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, CadwaladerC.Washburn, Elhhu B.Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—108.
So the House refused a call of the House.
Pending the vote,
Mr. LETCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Garnett, had been called from the city on public
business, and had paired off with Mr. Morse,
of New York.
Mr. MILES stated that kis colleague, Mr.
Keitt, had paired off with Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane.
Mr. REILLY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leidy, was confined to his room by sickness
The question recurred on Mr. Stephen's*s mo-
tion to lay the appeal on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 97, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale. Bocoek, Bonliam, Boyce, Bryan, Burnett. Caskie,
John B. Clmk, Clay, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb, John Coch-
Kine, Corning. James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curiy, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dimmiek, Dowdeli,
Edmuwlson, Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Gartreli, Giliis,
Good'j, Grecnv ood, Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Hughe*. Hurler, Jackson, Jenkins, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellv, Jacob M. Kunkei, La-
mar, Laudy, Letcher, Maclay, McQ.ueen, Ma*on, Maynard,
Miles, Miller. Milton, Mooie. Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps. Phillips, Powell, Quitman. Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
Rurtin, Iius-el!,'Savage, Scale*. Scott. Sealing, Seward,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickle-', William Smith, Stall-
woith, Stephens', Stevenson, James A, Stewart, Talbot,
Mdcs Tajior, Tnppe, Ward, Warien, Watkms. Whiteley,
Wins-low, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolheofier—97.
N VYS—Me^rs. Abbott, Adram. Andrews, Bennett, Bd-
lingnuist, Bmgiuim. Blair, Bliss, Biayton, Buflinton, Bur-
hngame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Cockorill, Colfax, Coinins. Covode, Cox, Cragin,
CurtN, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davi< of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Dutfec. Ediw, English, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Foley, Foster, Giddings,Giiman,Gilmer,Gooch, Goodwin,
Ganger, Grow, Robert d. Hall, Harlan, J. ATonison Hams,
Thomas L. Han is, Haskm, Hickman, Hoard, Horton,
Howard, KeSlogsr, Keisey, Kilgore. Knapp, John C. Kun-
kei, Lawieuce, Leach, Leifei, Lovejoy,MeKibbm, Hiim-
pluey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgom-
ery, Moigan,Morull, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morns,
Freeman H. Morse. Mott, Murray, Nichols, OJin, Palmer.
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbing. Robeits,Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man. Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stew-
art. Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade, Walbridae,Waldron, Walton,CadwaladerC.Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and
Wood—112.
So the appeal was not laid on the table.
Pending the motion,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Saxdidge, was detained at his
lodgings hv sicknoss.
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr, Hall,
was detained at home by sickness in his family.
Mr. TH1PPE asked to be excused from voting,
on the ground that he had not been in the Hall,
and did not understand the question.
Objection was made.
Mr. TRIPPE. Well, I vote " Ay "
Mr. WINSLOW, (at four minutes before two
o'clock, p. m.) I more that the House do now
adjourn; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
1 make the motion merely to allow time for ab-
