1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
poned, I desire to move to take up the Oregon bill.
I ask for the division of the question, so that we
may have a vote first on postponing, and next on
taking up.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be divided.
If it is to be, I would rather withdraw the motion.
I wish to get the simple question on taking up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire a division for the
very reason that I wish to put the Oregon bill
ahead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It occurs to the
Chair that it is susceptible of division.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to the Senator
from Virginia to let us finish the fishing bounties
bill, which has been debated here six or seven
days already. It will only take an hour to vote
on it.
Mr. HUNTER. If we could agree on an hour
to take the vote oil that bill to-day, I would give
UPMr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Lou-
isiana is very much mistaken.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it is going to be debated,
it is an extra reason for continuing its considera-
tion. It ought to be got rid of at some time or
other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It occurs to the
Chair that, a division being asked, the first ques-
tion will be on the motion to postpone the prior
orders. Then the question will comc up on the
otther branch of the motion to take up the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to understand what
are the prior orders. I do not see how to divide
the motion. It is moved to postpone the prior
orders in order to take up such a bill; and if we
postpone the prior orders, it seems tome we post-
pone the entire lot. What has become of the ar-
rangement which was made in the Senate about
a week ago, by which, if ^ve would then take up
an appropriation bill out of its order, this system
of cutting everything off was to be stopped ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understood it was the sense
of the Senate that they would give precedence to
the appropriation bills over other matters. I am
merely submitting the motion. If, however, the
Chair decides that my motion is divisible, I shall
withdraw it. I am not willing to postpone the
other prior orders. I do not think the motion is
divisible.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has been always held to
be divisible.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; it is amotion to take
ap a particular bill.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the first
time the Chair has ever had the question raised.
It occurred to him that in its nature the question
was susceptible of division.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Chair will allow me to
make a suggestion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will hear
the gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Chair will look at the
parliamentary law, he will find it laid down very
clearly that a question susceptible of being divided
must be one which, when divided, contains two
or more separate distinct propositions. Now,
take the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
His motion is to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up a certain bill. If you
divide that, the second branch of the motion will
not be a proposition by itself; and the motion
must therefore be taken as a whole. If it were a
distinct proposition by itself, it might be suscep-
tible of division, but not otherwise. I am aware
that when no objection has been made, a division
'lias been taken; but never when there has been an
objection.
Mr. BAYARD. Tt seems to me that it is but a
single proposition. The point the Senator from
Virginia seeks to arrive at, is whether the Senate
will take up for consideration the appropriation
bill. In order to reach that, it necessarily involves
the postponement of the prior orders. Then it is
all one proposition. The object to be attained by
the motion is a single one, and the Senator can
attain it in no other mode; it is all one proposi-
tion. It is, whether the Senate, in order to take
up the appropriation bill, will postpone the prior
orders
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
his reason very briefly. There are certainly two
propositions involved; one is to postpone the prior
orders, the other is to take up the appropriation
bill. The prior orders have first to be postponed,
which is an independent proposition. If the mo-
tion had been simply to postpone the prior orders,
and that were agreed to, the Chair would then take
up other business on the table. The Senate may
choose to postpone the prior orders; and then, if
no motion is made to take up any particular busi-
ness, the Chair will take up the business next in
order on the table. It occurs to the Chair that
the motion is divisible,
Mr. GREEN. It all anjounts to the same thing.
"When you make a motion to postpone all prior
orders to take up a certain bill, it means all those
orders that are prior to that bill. It is a relative
term, and it carries every order that is prior to
that bill. Prior is not a word that means anything
by itself. It is only by relation that it has its
meaning. Now, what is meant by prior orders ?
Those prior to the bill that you propose to take
up; and hence the Senator from Illinois will be
defeated, even if he divides the question; for his
bill is one of the prior orders that will be post-
poned.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
Missouri is right. The motion is to postpone the
orders prior to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator to move to postpone the special
orders. ■*
Mr. HUNTER. All prior orders.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The motion made was to
postpone the special order to take up the appro-
priation bill, i called for a division of that mo-
tion for this reason: when the special order is
postponed, I wish to move to take up the Oiegon
bill. He may make his motion to take up the ap-
propriation bill, and I shall vote " no," for the
purpose of taking up Oregon. If, however, I
can first get a vote on the Oregon bill, and I am
voted down on that, I shall vote to take up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit a motion to post-
pone the prior orders and take up the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is a new motion.
Mr. HUNTER. That is what I intended be-
fore, but I modify my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the motion as made, and it can-
not be modified by the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered. Perhaps the Senator's mo-
tion is susceptible of the construction he gives it
as a motion to postpone the prior orders, but the
Chair understood it was to postpone the special
order.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will consider that as the form of the motion, with
the leave of the Senate. The Chair does not see
any use m dividing the question on that view of ,
it.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is an every-day practice
here, I think, to move to post pone one subject for 1
the purpose of taking up another, and the mover
so states. If no one objects it is taken up; but if
any Senator calls for a division of that motion,
the fast question is, "Will the Senate agree to
postpone?" If they agree to postpone, it is in
order then to take up any other subject; it is the
privilege of any Senator to move to take up any
other subject; but the majority of the Senate con-
trol. On a division being called for, the ques-
tion is, " Will the Senate postpone the pending
bill?"
Mr. HUNTER. I submitted a motion to post-
pone the prior ordeis and take up the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And I asked for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question bring
entirely new, the Chair has been thinking about
it in the progress of the discussion, and he be-
lieves, on reflection, that he was originally right
in saying that the question was divisible. The
yeas and nays have been ordered, arid he will
cause the roll to be called first on the proposition
to postpone the prior oideiw.
Mr. HUNTER. If we postpone the prior or-
ders, will not this bill come up as a matter of
course 5
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in the
power of the Senate to decide what it will con-
sider.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it not come up, and
and will not the question be on postponing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in
clined to think so.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I ask for the vote on
the motion to postpone the prior orders. >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
cause the roll to be called on that motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cell, Bigler, Cmneron, Clark,
CoHamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden
Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter!
Johnson of Arkansas, Mason, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Simmons, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Wade. Wilson, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bright, Broderiek,
Chandler, CIay,Clingman, Davis, Green,Hammond, Hous-
ton, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Mallorv,
Polk, Pugh, Trumbull, and Yulee—20.
So the motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The motion
made by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance is to take up the appropriation bill at this
time. I understand that notv it is discretionary
with the Senate to say what proposition they will
take up for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make a single remark in this connection, with the
Senator's permission. The Chair felt himself
obliged to consider the motion of the Senatorfrom
Virginia as divisible, because it contained Uvo
separate and distinct parts. The question has
been but half put. There remains another branch
to be put,or would,under ordinary circumstances;
but the motion originally made by the Senator
from Virginia hardly seems to the Chair to be a
strictly parliamentary motion. If his motion had
simply consisted of one part to postpone the or-
ders prior to the appropriation bill, and that were
carried, the appropriation bill would come up
without any further motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. "Will the Chair allow me to
make a suggestion ? The Senator from Virginia
made the simple motion to postpone, but he gave
as a reason for the postponement, that he desired
to take up another bill. The latter part of his
proposition was only a notice of what his second
motion would be; and that has been the uniform
ruling of the Chair, 1 think. His motion was to
postpone, and he accompanied it by a reason, and
it was a notice that he would follow it with the
other motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I did submit the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It occurs to the
Chair that the appropriation bill is now before the
Senate unless some motion be made to postpone
it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no dis-
position to make a point with the Chair upon the
decision he has made; but I understand him to
rule that the appropriation bill is now before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair makes
that decision, not regarding the Senator's motion
as entirely parliamentary, but treating it as a sim-
ple motion to postpone prior orders.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A motion to
postpone the appropriation bill and take up the
homestead bill would be m order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, 1 move to post-
pone the appropriation bill, with a view to take
up the homestead bill; and I have a few words to
say m support of tins motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. I
think the Chair decided that a motion to postpone
and take up was not a competent question for a
division. The Senator from Virginia moved to
postpone all orders prior to the appropriation bill,
and that lias been agreed to. The homestead bill
is included in that proposition; the homestead bill
is one of the prior orders, and, by the vote of the
Senate, it has been postponed. Nov/, the only
question before the Senate is the appropriation bill.
Tiie Senate can postpone that; but then, when it
postpones that, the next business in order comes
up a? a matter of course, because all prior to it
have already been disposed of. The homestead
bill having already been disposed of, we cannot
take it up. I make that point.
