1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
35th Cong....1st Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate & Ho. of Reps.
wore made, dates of laws, miles of road, quan-
tity granted, if vacant within fifteen miles, and
quantity inuring under each grant; the quanti-
ties of those made by acts of 1856 and 1857, not
yet adjusted, being estimated:
The acts of 8th August, 18463 2d March, 1849,3d August,
1854, and joint resolution of 3d Maich, 1855, granted lands
to the State of Wuscousin, for the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin livers, under which the State became en-
titled to   684,269.00 acres.
Of which there have been actually certi-
fied and approved 589,387.84 "
Leaving a balancc to be adjusted of., 94,881.16 "
On account of this balance there have been
selected, first  60,832.00 acres
which aie tejected as being
upon unoffercd lands and
withm the limits of the ori-
ginal reserve for this grant.
Second, selections on our
files, made at Menaaha,
in May and December,
1850, of 14,299.60 «
  75,131.60 «
Leaving a balance of.  19,749.56 "
to be approved, exclusive of the illegal 60,832-
ftcrc selection, mentioned under the first head.
A proposition was made in September last, in
behalf of the State, to select other lands in lieu
of the aforesaid 60,832-acre selection. The pro-
posal was favorably considered, and the purpose
entertained to recommend the introduction into
market, by the President's proclamation, of the
lejected selections.
On the 16th October, the party appearing for the
State filed a communication, withdrawing his pre-
vious proposal, on the ground of want of author-
ity, and asking a suspension of action.
it is now recommended that the rejected selec-
tions be held in suspense until after the close of
the next session, to afford time to Congress to
legislate in the premises, with the understanding
that if no further act of legislation is had before
the expiration of that time, the rejected selections
be introduced into maiket.
DES MOINES RIVER GRANT IN IOWA.
Underactof Congress approved 8th of August,
1846, the account under tins law stands as fol-
lows:
Quantity approved by the State as per exhibit in last annual
report    725,283.92 acies.
To this add list appioved March 10,1852... 143,908.37 "
Making total appioved for the grant of. ...869,192 29 u
Table refeired to in the preceding column.
2 > 3 £ =
% g«3
S O CT> w fB
cs 3 c sr r- -o
a a • • o j*
1 u w to (C o :
CO CO OO a, 'X> CO CO CO <XJ GO CO OO CC OO OO CO
O" O C< wi C.< V< ei CT 0"> C C-1 C" Oi
-a c"s cj g: cs ai c?> o> o w co tO o
i
iO to H'.ic C< cn O
Ci a) W liffl-1^ O -1
o o ci o o a
A. Kt ji. to <o
^ >1 ® to
1—1 tft. C5 O A CO
O C,' fi) to Ci >—
ji> ^ r. ;.i en
"o"co"oto ^
o s g P
s a
co O CT> <rs — 'C<
O O O OOO-J
Note.—Eight roads adjusted in Illinois, Missouri, and
Aikunsas. Forty-two roada to be adjusted.
The question as to the extent of this grant, under
the decision of your predecessor, has been fully
considered in the Attorney General's opinion of
29th May, 1856, (Opinions, vol. 7,p. 69;) and the
conclusion at which he arrived, as sanctioned by
your immediate predecessoi', is to this effect;
That a proposition be made to the State of
Iowa and its assigns, to acquiesce in and accept
the decision of Secretary Stuart as final, which
gives to the State the lands along the course of the
Des Moines up to the northern boundary of the
State; provided the State, or its assigns, agree to
acquiesce in and accept tliat decision as final.
The Attorney General further holds, that if the
State declines the propositions, the Secretary is
discharged from any obligation to act on the de-
cision of Mr. Walker and Mr. Stuart, and must
fall back on the first decision of the Government,
and refuse to approve any more selections above
Raccoon Fork. No final action on the part of the
State authorities in the matter has yet been filed
in this office.
The lands above the Raccoon Fork are inter-
sected by three of the railroad grants under act
of 15th May, 1856.
SURVEYS.
Michigan.—The original surveys of the islands
in the western part of the lower peninsula have
been made—four thousand and ninety-five miles
of resurveys have been reported during the past
year; and, in obedience to the act of March 3,
1857, the office at Detroit has been transferred to
St. Paul, Minnesota, and the greater portion of
the archives relating to the public surveys in
Michigan have been "handed over to the author-
ities of that State; the remainder, not being in-a
condition for transfer, were removed to the sur-
veyor general's office at St. Paul, and are now
in course of preparation for delivery to the Mich-
igan authorities.
Illinois.—The archives of the surveyor gen-
eral's office are now ready for transfer to the
State authorities. This, as the Governor has
advised, will be done as soon as suitable provis-
ion is made by the Legislature of that State for
their reception, in conformity with the act of
Congress approved January 22, 1853.
Missouri.—The field work has been confined
chiefly to the overflowed lands in the southeastern
part of the State, pursuant to an arrangement by
which the United States are to pay for the survey
of such portions of these lands as may be arable
and fit forag-ricultural purposes; and the counties
repiesenting the swamp grant to the State are to
pay for the survey of such of the lands as may
fall within the swamp grant. Under this arrange-
ment 46,000 acres have been returned during the
past year, all of which proved to be swamp land,
and the expense of the survey of the same has
been paid by the counties in which the lands are
situated.
The surveying operations in this State are so
nearly completed, thatit is anticipated the archives
will be m readiness for transfer, and the office of
the surveyor general closed by the end of the
year 1859.
Wisconsin. — Surveys have progressed with
great rapidity; three hundred and sixty-eight
miles of township lines, and four thousand two
hundred and thirty-nine miles of subdivisions and
meanders, have been reported, embracing the dif-
ficult surveys of the Apostle Islands, in Lake Su-
perior, the correction of the fourth correction
parallel, east of the fourth principal meridian to
the Michigan State line, thus affording the basis
for all the surveys north of it. All surveys south
of the third correction parallel, except two town-
ships, have been completed.
Iowa.—Owing to the severity of the surveying
season, and depredations on the part of the In-
dians, but little has been done in the northwest-
ern part of the State. But nine hundred and
eighteen miles of subdivisions and meanders have
been reported.
Minnesota.—The new surveying district of Min-
nesota.
Field operations for the establishment of the
principal lines and subdivisions of the public sur-
veys hare been commenced in the northeast dis-
trict on Lake Superior, and in the country south
of the northwest district, north of Iowa, to the
extent of four thousand and fourteen miles; but,
owing to the limited time within which opera-
tions have been prosecuted from £3d May last,
when the opening of the office of surveyor gen-
eral took place, no returns of surveys have yet
been received at this office from this new survey-
ing district.
Wisconsin and Iowa.—-The summary of field
work presented by the surveyor general for the
surveyingdistrictof Wisconsinandlowa, of which
the Territory of Minnesota formed a part prior
to the act of 3d March, 1857, has been very sat-
isfactory, embracing the establishment of guide
meridians and standard parallels, township and
subdivision lines, to the extent of seven thousand
and twenty miles. Such portion of the archives
of this district appertaining to the Minnesota sur-
veys have been duly turned over to the surveyor
general at St. Paul.
Arkansas.—The resurveys ordered in this State
are now nearly completed, and the surveyor gen-
eral is engaged in preparing the land records,
with a view to the transfer of them to the State
authorities upon the closing of this office, which
may take place during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859, should no further resurveys be found
indispensable.
Louisiana.—The surveying operations of this
Statearc nearly complete. The work now consists
principally of resurveys, of surveys of private
claims, and of lands which have been supposed to
be overflowed, but now found to be agricultural.
Florida.—In consequence of the Indian hostil-
ities, no surveys have been carried on. Should
the Indians be removed to the West, the suspend-
ed contracts could be completed by the expiration
of the fiscal year ending June 30,1859.
New Mexico.—The surveys have been executed
to avery limited extent, owing to the Indian hos-
tilities, and have been confined chiefly to the
region known as the "Valles" lying northwest
of Santa Fe, and west of the Rio Grande.
No surveys have been made of " private land
claims" in New Mexico, none having been yet
confirmed by Congress. The surveyor general
recommends that a board of commissioners be
appointed for the adjudication of titles, and that
the period be limited for the presentation of claims.
A summary, prompt, and final adjudication of
Spanish and Mexican claims in the Territory is
of groat importance; not only to settle titles, but
enable the Department to separate private property
from the public lands, so that the latter may be
disposed of without danger of conflict.
Forty-eight " donation" claims, under the pro-
visions of the act of 22d July, 1854, have been
filed in the surveyor general's office since his last
annual report, eleven of which are recommended
for recognition, the period of four years' settlement
having expired.
Twenty-six " private land claims" have been
filed since his last annual report, making fifty-
seven since the opening of his office at Santa Fe,
New Mexico, of which sixteen are recommended
by the surveyor general.
The extensive discoveries of the precious metals
in New Mexico suggests the propriety, in legis-
lating for the disposal of the public lands in that
Territory, of excluding what may be found to be
strictly mineral lands from general sales or loca-
tions.
Kansas.—The surveys have been prosecuted
with energy, returns having been made to the
extent of seventeen thousand miles._
Nebraska.—Owing to the late period at which
the sixth principal meridian was established, the
extent of the surveys are not so great as was ex-
pected; yet seven thousand miles of field-work
have been returned, and the work is now being
rapidly prosecuted, and it is expected that the
surveys east of the sixth principal meridian will
be closed by the 30th June, 1859.
Utah.—'The surveys of the public lands had
rapidly progressed before the surveyor general
abandoned his position, owing to reported hos-
tilities on the part of the Mormon authorities at
Salt Lake City.
This happened early last spring, since which
time we are advised of the forcible disbanding of
the clerks in the surveyor generaFs office, but are
uninformed as to the safety of the archives of that
ofiice.
Representations have been made unfavorable
