1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
ceived the report of the committee; and upon
that 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Mississippi that he has
indulged the gentlemen from Illinois and Georgia
in remarks not strictly in order. The Chair feels
it to be his duty to confine any further remarks
strictly to the pending motion. If the House
does not choose to postpone, the general subject
will be in order; butso long as the pending propo-
sition is a motion to postpone, all remarks must
be confined stricty to the propriety of postponing.
Mr. GlUITMAN. Does the Speaker intend to
intimate that my remarks are not in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the remarks of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi are not strictly pertinent to the pending
proposition; which is a motion to postpone the
consideration of the appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. At the proper time I can
repel the intimation thrown out in reference to a ;
settled purpose and design to suppress any inves- !
tigation. !
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, My friend from
Mississippi will pardon me, I know, for saying ;
that no imputation has ever been cast by me, of
any settled design to suppress anything, or to do
any improper act. I have a high regard for the ■
gentleman as a man, and a high regard for the
members of the committee, and I hope there will
no idea remain lingering in the mind of any gen- ;
tleman that any such imputation was intended. A j
question of opinion, as to whether a gentleman .
has discharged the duties imposed upon him, and '
an imputation of a settled purpose to suppress any- ;
thins:, are quite different things. I
Air. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the House !
should receive the report, would it discharge the !
committee ? !
The SPEAKER. This being a special com- !
mittee, the Chair is of the opinion that the recep- !
tion of the report would discharge the committee, i
Mr. SICKLES. But would it not be in order ]
to move to recommit with instructions? j
The SPEAKER. The House could then re- |
commit it, of course, if a majority were in favor '
of that course. i
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the pending
motion on the table. '
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
lay upon the table a motion lo postpone.
The question \v js then taken on the motion of
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, to postpone until 1
to-morrow; and it was agreed to.
enrolled bill. '
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom. tho Committee on En-
rolled Bills, imported that, they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act to appropriate money
to supply deilciimcios in the appropriation for
paper, printing, binding, nun oniriv.vu'P; ordered
by the Scnni° ,nt<i House of Repros'-nUUiYtf* of
the Thirty-Third and Thu ty-Fourth Congresses,
and which has been executed; whereupon the
Speaker signed the same.
The question then recurred on the motion that ;
the rules be suspended, ond Unit the House re-
solve itself info the Committee of the Whole on the ,
state of the Union. j
The motion was agiced to. I
The rules were accoidingly suspended; and the 1
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the ?>tate of the Union, (Mr. Florence ;
in the chair,) and resumed theconsideration of the ;
diplomatic and consular hill. j
The CHAIRMAN stated that the debate was I
closed upon the pending bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I presume the gen- j
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Case] is entitled to the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do not propose i
to debate the bill, but I desire to know if the gen- j
tleman from Indiana will not be entitled to the .
iioor when the next bill is taken up? !■
The CHAIRMAN. If the present occupant .
of the chair still occupies it when another bill '
comes up, he will decide that question when it|:
arises. The Chair, however, thinks it duetto the ■
gentleman from Ohio to say, that he would feel .
it to be his duty to accord the iloorto the gentle- !
man from Indiana. >
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is all I desire.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to say
that he is not governed by the censure attempted
to be cast upon him yesterday by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Washbl-rnJ The Chair has
:i made no bargains to farm outfhe floor.
;| Mr. REAGAN. I rise for the purpose of in-
:| terposing an objection to the Chairman saying,
j> in advance, who shall be entitled to the floor. I
have a few remarks which I desire to submit, and
;j I must object to any violation of the parliamentary
;j rule, by intimations from the Chairman that he
intends to give the floor to a particular gentleman.
i| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
to exercise all the judgment he can in assigning
the floor.
j The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ment.
j! Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to amend
| the bill by striking out the following clause:
ij " Tm compensation of the commissioner provided m the
first article of the reciprocity trcatv with Great Bauun,
11 $2,000."
|j The amendment was agreed to.
ij Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the follow-
;; ing as a substitute for the clause just stricken out.
jj The estimate for this item was not furnished until
i; after the bill was printed. My amendment is as
follows:
j For compensation and per diem of the commissioner-,
;; compensation of the surveyor, and for the payment of all
ij expend of the commission under the reciprocity treatv
■ ! with Great Britain, 5-23,000.
!| I will merely say, in relation to that amend-
;! ment, that an appropriation of $2,000 was put in
;! the bill for this purpose before the estimate had
ji been made. Subsequently the estimate came from
the State Department, and it will require the whole
;< amount proposed in the amendment for the next
!J year, although a portion of the balance now in
hand will go back into the Treasury, under the
law providing for reversions to the surplus fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
See. 2. be it further enacted. That no part of the
money herein appropnaredsha1] bu paid ontof theTrea«uiy
lor any cxp^nsou which accuu*d,oi siiaii accrue, befoic the
commencement, or aiVi tho t  inunatioii o? the frealyear
ending the 'U)th day of June, l^od; and «o much of the act
appicved Auituh 15-5 2. as amhouzes the sin pin- of an
it'tiun to be applie i to ripply any deficiency of any
ot'aci item mi the Kime depauiuent or ofhee. be, and the
same i? lieieby, icpcal :d.
I trust the amendment will meet with the gen-
eral consent of the committee. It is intended to
convct certain abuses winch have grown up in
l:-j appbeation of appmr nations.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of ord*'T. 1 subnet that the amendment is
not germane to the bill.
Mr. GROW. I submit that th.p amendmrnt is
in order. It men 5y proposes to limit the appro-
priations cmtcun^d in the bill.
; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
, the point of order is well taken, as the amendment
| proposes to repeal an existing law.
I Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. To avoid anyques-
i tion of order, I will modify my amendment so as
I only to embrace the first clause of it.
My purpose in offering this amendment is to
correct certain gios^ abuses that have arisen m
some of the Executive Departments. These abuses
have all grown out of a law parsed in the second
session of the Twenty-Seventh Congress, when
Mr. Fillmore was then chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. He ingrafted on the |
general appropriation bill the following section: 1
Sec.*13. *-ln& he U farther cv.d That m ease the t-rni
apptopuated lot any object shaii by foand mote than
cient iiMijf-et the expense thereby contemplated, tho &ur- ■
plu- may ho applied, under the dsiections of the head of tne
proper Depuiorient, to supply the duiumey of aiiy other .
item m the same JJepamnent or office." J
The construction given by the Departments to
this section was thai, where a fund was specially
appropiiated m an appropriation bill and any of ;
it remained unexpended, the balance of the fund
might be applied to any other purpose, or to
supply deficiencies in any other item in that De-
partment of the public service, and for any other
year. There have been many gross abuses grow-
ing out of this law. The law was, in my judg-
ment, only intended to apply to the appropria-
tions then made, and was not intended to have
general application to all future legislation. The
effect given is much more extensive. It was but
the other day that complaint was made to us that
the Secretary of War had diverted appropriations
made for one purpose to another purpose. We
have another case, which is, perhaps, somewhat
of a political kind, and I will mention it as an
t illustration. We appropriated money last Con-
| greas for the fiscal year ending 30th June next,
; to pay the expenses of the Kansas Legislature;
1 and now I am informed that that appropriation
. was used to pay the expenses that had accrued
prior to the commencement of the fiscal- year, of
a body which was declared by the House of Rep-
. resentatives to be a usurping body, entitled to no
1 authority whatever.
i This, in my judgment, was clearly a violation
\ of law. The construction given by the Depart-
■' ments in repeated instances makes this law, which
! was only intended to apply to that particular ap-
propriation biil, one of general application, so that
: now any Department of the Government may
apply money appropriated for a certain specified
, purpose to another purpose and for another year.
. Such a construction is, in my judgment, notonly
, unjust, but it is unconstitutional. The Consti-
; tution vests in Congress, and in Congress alone,
■ the right to appropriate money, and to designate
the purpose for which it shall be expended; and
; Congress cannot delegate this power to the De-
. partments. But whether it is or is not unconsti-
; tutional, it seems to me to be unwise and im-
proper. Therefore we ought to limit the expendi-
tures of money by the Executive Departments of
this Government, and ought to require them to
apply the expenditure to the purpose for which
the appropriation is made, and to the fiscal year,
and for that only. I hope, therefore, there will
be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before the gen-
tleman takes his seat I wish to ask him if the
purpose of his amendment is to confine the ap-
propriations contained in this bill to the specific
purposes for which they are made, and to the
fiscal year beginning 1st of July next?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is my pur-
pose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, the bill
on its face purports to bo for that purpose, and I
have no objection to the gentleman's amendment.
But I may remark that I am not aware of the
abuses to which the gentleman alludes. I do not
know that, the practice is followed except in those
cases in which it is supposed that a discretionary
power is lodged in the Departments. I know that
there are frequent instances in which a Department
applies to Congress to give it power when there
is a reappropnation of money, to use the balance
on hand. There is a case 111 this \ery bill where
a ^appropriation is asked for; but in conse-
quence of th^re being a balance on hand which
would go to the surplus fund, the appropriation
1 is made maccoruancc with the provisions of law.
■ I concur, however, with the, gentleman from
Ohio m all that he has said. I am decidedly in
favor of having specific appropriations, and that
balances shall not be used for other purposes; but
unless they are used during the fiscal year they
shall pass" to the surplus fund, and afterwards
■ be reapproprntod.
Mr/SIIERMAN, of Ohio. I trust the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will allow me to add a
remark. I hope that now since the attention of
the House has been called to this abuse, that it
will be corrected. I hope this clause in the act
of 1S42 will be repealed. There should be no ob-
jection made to it. This clause stands there as
a monument of unwise legislation, and ought to
be repealed; and I trust the gentleman will allow
that to he done.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I may possibly
agree with the gentleman in the propriety of
having that clause repeated; but I have taken
ground against independent legislation m appro-
priation buls. 1 do not object to the gentleman's
amendment as now modified, because it is get-
mane lo the bill; but I must object to the other,
because it proposes to repeal a law. If the gen-
tleman bnngs it up in the shape of an act to re-
p^-al that clause, I may concur with him, and vote
for it.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the portion omitted by the
gentkman Aom Ohio, [Air. Sherman-,] and /pre-
sume that my colleague [Mr. J. Glanc? Jox£s]
