2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair consid-
ers it is in the power of the Senate to control its
own business; and it occurs to him that the mo-
tion to postpone, with a view to take up the home-
stead bill or any other bill, is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. It is divisible, however, is it
not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for a division.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. To accommo-
date the Senator from Georgia, and for the pur-
pose, of preventing hair-splitting questions of or-
der under the Manual, I will simply make a mo-
tion to postpone this appropriation bill; and I will
give, as a reason for making the motion to post-
pone, that my purpose is to take up the homestead
bill. I presume that is legitimate and in order.
It is not often, Mr. President, that I obtrude
myself upon this body; but when prompted to do
so by principles of right, I shall do it with that
respect and courtesy to which the Senate is en-
titled. This homestead proposition has been
standing on your Calendar, as a special order,
since the 19th of J anuary, now nearly four months.
I have been waiting patiently, with a view to have
the business of the Senate taken up in its proper
order, and disposed of, so that we might reach it.
It is a proposition that has been determined in the
public mind. It is a proposition that the coun-
try has decided should have been passed by the
Congress of the United States long ago. It is a
proposition that comes home to every man m the
Confederacy; and it is strange that a measure cal-
culated to promote the interests of the great mass
of tho people can scarcely get a hearing in this de-
liberative body.
Now, does not every Senator here know, and
does not the country know, that appropriation
bills have a specific weight that always carries
them through? Who ever heard of an appropri-
ation bill being lost? We know that the combi-
nation of influences interested in appropriations
that take the people's money from the Treasury
is such that there is no chance of their being
stopped by the wayside. Why this great press
for the appropriation bills? Ihere is always a
great press, and the necessity is said to be gieat
and crying when the object is to put the hanif into
the people's pockets and tukc out their money;
but when legislation is brought forward to advance
and promote the common weal of the great mass
of the people, there is not so much anxiety to con-
sider them. Then, some contractor, some stock-
jobber, is pressing his claims before Congress.
Suppose sonic one of these Departments was to
run out of money for a short time: do you think
the great mass of the people would suffer much ?
Suppose some of these Departments were fed on
bread and water, as they used to feed the jurors
in olden times: I think it would bring about a state
of depletion, and lead to economical appropria-
tions and economy in sending their estimates to
the Congress of the United States, that would be
beneficial to, and approved by, the people.
When we come to legislate upon measures that
promote the common weal, and that carry them-
selves home to the great mass of the people, they
can have no hearing; but appropriation bills, to get
money out of the people's pockets, aie urged as
required to be passed immediately, on account of
some pressing necessity. For whom, sir, is throe
fourths of the legislation of this country done ?
Even go to your State Legislatures, and there nine-
teen twentieths of it is for monopolies, for classes,
for stock-jobbers, for bankers, for corporations.
The peopie are scarcely heard, nor are their inter-
ests understood or felt. When you come to the
Congress of the United States, how is it? For
whom is the legislation here done ? How much
of it is done for the country? That which is to
take money out of the Tieasuiy, to transfer it
from the pockets of the many to the few, can al-
ways get a healing; their bills and measures are
of the most urgent necessity !
Why cannot the homestead bill get a hearing?
Why cannot it be taken up and considered ? Why
cannot it be disposed of? I had determined not
to be obtrusive; I had determined not to be offen-
sive to the Senate in pressing it pertinaciously
upon the body; but here it is standing as aspecial
order, waiting and waiting for action. When we
approach one measure that is to cut off bounties,
and relieve the people fiom taxation on their salt,
that is shoved out of the way to take up an ap-
propriation bill. We have no salt manufactories
in my State, but wc live in their immediate vicin-
ity. Our people are interested in having cheap salt;
but when there is a proposition pending that is
likely to take a bounty away from the salt man-
ufactories of the country, you cannot get a suffi-
cient combination to postpone the hill that with-
holds bounties from them. We can see how these
combinations are effected. Here is a proposition
to retain money in the Treasury on one hand and
save the people that much tax, and here is another
proposition to take away bounty from the manu-
facture of salt, which is a measure that comes
home to every man throughout the whole country;
and that must give way to an appropriation bill;
and now the homestead is to yield.
I do not intend to consume the time of the Sen-
ate; I have not done so since I have been a mem-
ber of this body; but I intend to press this measure
every morning, I hope not offensively or disagree-
ably. I intend to press it every day from this
time until the termination of the session, until it
is disposed of by the Senate in a proper way. I
hope the Senate will postpone this appropriation
bill. The people's money will be got out of the
Treasury fast enough by this or any other Ad-
ministration. Let us do a little legislation for the
country, for the great mass of the people. Let
them be heard; let their influence be felt, and let
their will be obeyed. I hope theSfcnate will post-
pone the appropriation bill and take up the home-
stead bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I respect the
zeal which the Senator from Tennessee shows in
behalf of his bill, one which it is his duty to
press, and I shall not say one word in reply to
him; for the reason that I expect to vote for his
measure when it does come up, and to vote for
taking it up at any reasonable time, when I can
do so without doing injustice to a measure in my
charge. I shall vote for this postponement, and
then I shall vote against taking up the homestead
bill in order to take up Oregon. If I am voted
down, I shall wait until a calm and suitable op-
portunity occurs to take up the Oregon bill.
Mr. HALE. 1 am not perfectly clear how I
shall vote about this appropriation bill; but I rise
simply to thank the Senator from Tennessee for
the remarks he has made about the manner in
which measures that look to the public interest
are postponed. But as his remarks were rather
general, I want to direct public attention to some
particulars. The reason we have not attended to
great public measures, the reason why the great
masses of the country who want homesteads have
not been gratified, is that the President of the Uni-
ted States has uiged upon our consideration a
great party measure, and it was considered neces-
sary to take care of that and let the people take
care of themselves. It was not until after that was
disposed of, that either tho President or we had
any time or inclination to attend to public mat-
teis. As soon as that is over, and the session is
nearly over, it is time to begin to tlunk of the peo-
ple! I should have been glad if this zeal which
I have no doubt is sincere and honest in the mind
of the Senator fiom Tennessee, had found vent
when we were taking up week after week, and
month after month, and urging in every shape in
which party ingenuity could pat it, the Kansas
bill. The icason why the public interests have
not been looked after is, that our time was taken
up and our attention engrossed by that great party
measure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. GWl'N. I intend to sustain this measure,
but I will not vote to postpone the appropriation
bills at tins time, and give it precedence overthem.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am exceedingly glad that
the Senator from Tennessee has made this mo-
tion, and very glad to hear him give notice that
lie will press it. This is an important measure.
It has many friends, and it ou<rht to be urged upon
the consideration of Congress. I hope that the
homestead bill may pass; but I rose more partic-
ularly to protest onanist the rule which I under-
stand has been adopted in caucus—that every-
thing else, all the business of the country, is to
give way to the one thing of getting money out of
the Treasury. When a bill comcs in here to vote
away the people's money, everything else must
give way. That has been the practice during this
session of Congress. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance comes in with an appropriation
bill from the Finance Committee; it is now first
brought to the notice of the Senate. This great
bill, appropriating many million dollars, is just
brought to our attention; and without time to ex-
amine it, everything else must be postponed to
that one consideration of getting money out of the
Treasury, and complying with the estimates of
these Departments. Have these estimates been
looked into ? How do we vote money ? Why,
sir, we vote it simply upon the estimate of some
officer, without examination. We passed the
other day an appropriation of eight or ten million
dollars because the Department asked for it. Has
it come to this, that the Congress of the United
States is the mere register or accountant, tho
treasurer, if you please, that is to furnish what-
ever money is asked for; and is all other business
| to give way to that one thing ?
1 I am very glad that the Senator from Tennes-
! sec has made this motion; and I will go with him,
| and I hope he will press this great proposition
: which is to furnish homes to the mass of the peo-
I pie upon the consideration of Congress, even to
i the exclusion of measures for taking money out
j of the Treasury. Let us do the business of the
■ country; let us resort to some means to prevent
; so much money getting into the Treasury, de-
! vote our time to something else rather than to the
I passage of loan bills and the issue of Treasury
! notes, and then to the appropriation of money
! which we raise by borrowing.
Sir, I have no doubt that if the expenses of
this Government were looked into, if a committee
were appointed to investigate the means by which
the expenditures of this country could be brought
down to the economical wants of the Govern-
ment, one half of the $100,000,000, which I ex-
j pectwillbe expended in the next fiscal year, would
! be sufficient to defray all the legitimate and ncces-
I sary expenses of the Government. Let us quit
| multiplying offices, quit making unnecessary im-
: provemcnts and building custom-houses where
! they are not needed, and establishing ports of
! entry where they arc not needed, merely to give
an office to some politician who may have per-
I formed service in an electioneering campaign.
| Sir, I shall vote to postpone this money bill;
j and I hope a majority of the Senate will vote to
i postpone it, and'let us attend to some of the other
I business of the country, and not raeiely devote
; ourselves to voting what money the Departments
, want, or the Administration wants, and then go
; home. I am opposed to an adjournment until the
! legitimate business of the country is done; and I
would hold back these appropriation bills until
the legitimate business was done; for it seems to
, be understood that, until they pass, no adjourn-
' men t is to take placc. Let us keep them back, and
. do the other business first. The present fiscal
] year does not expire for some time yet. Let us
attend to thisgreat public measure which the Sen-
, ator from Tennessee has in charge, and other
public measures for the benefit of the country,
i Mr. HUNTER, This is a bill making appro-
! priations for the legislative, the executive, and tho
■ judicial expenses of the Government, for the year
■ ending 30th of June, 1859. It is a bill which pro-
j vides the means for carrying on the judicial sys-
I tem,the legislative and the executive departments
j of this country; but it is treated as a matter in
j which the people have no interest. This is to be
t postponed; this measure, which is essential to
j carry on the lepresentative Government of this
l people, is to be postponed to take up another—in
! which it is said the people have a great interest—
which is to squander the public land; a bill which
is to distribute gratuitously, amongst the settleis,
the public lands.
But, sir, I am not disposed to go into that ques-
tion now. This is no place to discuss the relative
merits of the different measures which are pro-
posed for consideration. I say that this bill is
bound to be passed, unless you mean to put an
end to the Government; and if you do pass it, you
have to give it precedence over other measures;
because, to get at it, everything on vour Calen-
dar has precedence over this bill, unless the Sen-
j. ate makes an order to take it up out of its order;
;] and how do we postpone other measures? By
taking it up. Let us take it up, and devote proper
;! consideration to it; and, after we have disposed
jj of it, let us sit here, if the Senate thinks so, long
\\ enough to discharge all the public business of the
