1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 11,
will agree to it,.for this reason: the amendment
will cover this wlvole question as to every appro-
priation bill as it comes up, and will obviate tfce
necessity of offering it as an amendment to each.
It is the proposition to confine appropriations to
the specific purposes for which they are made, and
to the fiscal year. The gentleman from Ohio, my
colleague, and myself, all-agree that the Depart-
ments should not have the discretion of. diverting
appropriations.
•TheCIIAIRMAN. ThegentlemanfromPenn-
sylvania will permit the Chair to suggest that the
amendment which he proposes is not in order.
Mr. GROW. I was proposing to my colleague
to accept the amendment in order to obviate the
necessity of offering it to each appropriation bill
as it comes up. I hope, therefore, as attention has
been called to it, that there will be no objection.
Its object is to confine each appropriation to the
specific object for which it is appropriated, and
that it may not be diverted to any other purpose.
The habit has grown up in the Executive Depart-
ments of estimating very low on some things and
very high on other things, and diverting appro-
priations from one to the other. I hope, there-
fore, there will be no objection, and that this ques-
tion may be disposed of now.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order.
Mr. GROW. I hope there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is mistaken,
and that his amendment will not effect the object
he intends.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from Tennessee that there is no prop-
osition before the committee on which debate is
in order..
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I move to
strike out so much of it as relates to the money
appropriated in the act.
The bill before the committee is to make appro-
priations to defray the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1859. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, as read, prohibits the pay-
ment of any money appropriated by this act for
any expenses that shall accrue after the expira-
tion of the present fiscal year ending Juno 30,
1858. if you incorporate this amendment as pro-
posed by him, it defeats every appropriation in
the bill. The gentleman must have meant that it
should be the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. SHERVt AN, of Ohio. 1 think the gen-
tleman misunderstood the amendment. It pro-
vides that the money appropriated in this bill shall
not be used in payment of expenses which shall
accrue after the fiscal year commencing with the
30th of June, 1858.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I certainly under-
stood the amendment as I have stated it
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If the gentleman
is correct, the copy of the amendment sent to the
Cleric contains a clerical error, and I modify it so
as io make it apply to the expenses accruing after
the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. GROW. 1 move to amend the amendment
by adding the clause which the gentleman from
Ohio first pioposed, to make the provision gen-
eral.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope my col-
league will not insist upon that amendment. I
may be with him as to its adoption if it is incor-
porated in a separate bill.
Mr. GROW. My colleague knows very well
that we shall never have an opportunity of incor-
porating it in a separate bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment is not in order if any gentleman ob-
J°Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by increasing the appropriation to $15,000,
m the following paragraph:
" For pakinea of the secretaiies of legation of the United
States, $12,000.'"
And to strike out the following paragraph;
<c For salary of tlx; secretary of legation to China, acting
as aiterprotcr, .55.0u0."
And insert as follows:
For salary oi inteipreter of legation to China, $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriation in this bill
is only $12,000 for secretaries of legation of the
United States; and in it-there is no provision made
for the secretary of legation to China. In the law,
provision is made for an interpreter to the lega-
tion to China, at 9 salary of $5,000 per annum,
when not acting as secretary of legation, and that
the secretary of legation, when not acting as in-
terpreter, shall get $3,000. I propose, therefore,
to modify the bill so as to make it conform exactly
to the law. I state from my experience, also, that
it would be a very hard ease to make the interpre-
ter act as secretary of that legation. A separa-
tion of these offices is not only advisable, but
proper.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that this is a
proposition to increase salaries.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Not at all.
It only makes an appropriation for the salaries of
such officers as are provided for by law. The bill
as it now stands does not conform to the law.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The law provides,
as the gentleman from Kentucky has stated,that
the interpreter to the legation to China shall re-
ceive a salary of $5,000 a year, when acting both
as interpreter and secretary of legation, or when
he acts simply as interpreter, and notas secretary
of legation; and that, in that contingency, the sec-
retary of legation shall receive a salary of $3,000
a year. I understand the object of the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky is merely to
make an appropriation for the salaries of these of-
ficers, in the contingency that they shall be vested
in different persons. If that is the understanding,
I have no objection to it,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has misstated the
law in this respect. The law provides that the in-
terpreter shall receive a salary of $5,000 a year
when not actms: as secretary of legation.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 so stated.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stood the gentleman to state that he was to receive
that salary when discharging the duties of both
offices.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 stated that, as I
understood the law, when the interpreter acts as
secretary of legation, he is to receive a salary of
$5,000 perannum. If he acts as interpreter alone,
he is to receive a salary of $5,000 a year; and the
secretary of legation is to receive a salary of
$i3,000 per annum.
Mr. LETCHER. That comes back to the point
where I thought it stood. It makes an appropria-
tion for an additional sum of money for a contin-
gency which may possibly arise. Now, sir, that
is not the kind of economy I go for. I raise the
question of order upon this amendment, upon the
ground that it is to raise the salary of officers, and
that you cannot change salaries in an appropria-
tion bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I think the Chair does not
understand my point of order. It is that it is not
competent for the Committee of the Whole, on an
appropriation bill, to raise the salaries of officers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Virginia that he overrules the
point of order, because he believes that there is a
provision of law which authorizes the appropria-
tion of the money.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will read from
the act of 1856:
"Sec. 2. Jiwl be it further enacted, That the President
be, and is heiebv. authorized to appoint, for the legations
at London and lespectivtly. an a^istant f-ecrctary of
legation, who shall bfi entitled to compensation for then
scmccp,iet.pect vely,at the rate of fifteen hundred dollars
per annum ; for tne legation to China, an inlet preter, when
the poeictary of legation shall not be acting as such, who
shall he entitled to compensation at the rate of five thou-
sand dollars;; and for the legation to Turkey, a diagoman,
when the secietary of legation shall not be acting as such,
who shall be entitled to compensation at the rate of one
thoueand dollars per annum."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In a pre-
vious part of the same law we find this proviso:
" Providei7, That the compensation of the secretaiy of
the legation to China, acting as interpreter, shall be at the
rate of $5,000, and if not acting as Mich, at the rate of $3}00U:
and thai of the secietaiv of legation to Turkey, acting as
dragoman, at the nue of $3,00, and if not acting as such,
at the i ate of §2,00u pw anjjuin,'5
Then in another section it. is provided that the
President be authorized to appoint, for the lega-
tion to China, an interpreter, when the secretary
of legation shall not be acting as such, who shall
be entitled to compensation at the rate of §5,000.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it, the in-
terpreter, when acting as secretary of legation and
interpreter both, shall.receive a salary of $5,000.
Now, what my friend from Kentucky is after is
to separate the duties of the secretary and the in-
terpreter, and to make two distinct officers in that
connection. I hold that, under the proviso which
the gentleman has read, a secretary of legation
may be appointed, who shall be an interpreter;
and that the secretary of legation, so being an in-
terpreter, shall receive a salary of $5,000.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would in-
quire whether, under the law as it now exists, the
President cannot appoint an interpreter at a sal-
ary of $5,000, who shall not be secretary of lega-
tion ?
Mr, LETCHER. A correct interpretation to
that act has been given in the appointment of a
secretary of legation who is an interpreter. That
is the interpretation given to the law by the Pres-
ident. But it is proposed now to set aside that
executive interpretation and construction, and to
make two officers, instead of one, and to pay
$8,000, instead of $5,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has made a point of order which the Chair
has overruled.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. J desire to say a
word or two upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order i3 not
debatable.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I know it is not
debatable; but it has been debated.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee r"
Mr. BOWIE. Will the Chair state what the
point of order is, on which the decision appealed
from was made ?
Mr. LETCHER. I will state it. It is that
undes; the law which has been read, and execu-
tive interpietation has been given to it by the ac-
tion of the President, and that that interpretation
carries with it a given salary for a given work;
that under the present amendment it is proposed
so to construe that law as to expend upon a new
officer $3,000 more than is provided for by the bill.
The Committee was then divided, and eighty-
four voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LETCHER. I will not insist upon a fur-
ther count, but I give notice that I shall ask the
yeas and nays upon the amendment in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the Chair
is sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out "five" in eacb
case and inserting " three."
As I understand the law, it provides that if
there is a secretary of legation and interpreter in
the same person, then the salary shall be $5,000;
but that if there is a secretary who does not dis-
charge the duty of interpreter, he shall receive
§3,000 per annum, and that an interpreter shall
have §5,000. The Executive is left free to ap-
point the same person to discharge both duties at
a salary of §5,000. And, sir, the President has
so appointed an interpreter and secretary of lega-
tion in the same person, as is shown by the ISiue
Book; and, as I understand it, an estimate was
made for one officer at $5,000. The Committee
of Ways and Means have reported in accordance
with that estimate, as made by the Administra-
tion; and the effect of this amendment will be to
require the President to appoint both a secretary
of legation and an interpreter. The President has
now the power, when he cannot get a person com-
petent to perform the duties, both of secretary and
interpreter, to get different persons to perform the
duties of those respective offices. I have no doubt
that hereafter the President will be able to find
some person who is competent to perform the du-
ties of both offices, as ho has now. The effect
of the amendment will be to require the President
to appoint a person to each office.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Tennessee, and I
think it brings the whole question before the com-
mittee. The amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] has been
