1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IP
ruled to be in ord^r; and it is a proposition to in-
crease the appropriation from $12,000 to $15,000
with a view of giving to the secretary of legation
$5,000 even when he does not dischargethe duties
of interpreter, and also to pay an interpreter
$5,000.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. That is not the object.
Mr. PHELPS. Then why propose to increase
the amount for the payment of the salary of the
secretary of legation ? I am opposed to this mod-
ification, in an appropriation bill, of the salaries
of officers. Certainly there is a sufficient amount
contained in the bill to compensate the secretary
of legation if he is acting as interpreter. Were
it not for the amendment which has been adopted,
and to which the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means did not object, there would
have been no difficulty in compensating the sec-
retary of legation , if he d id notact as interpreter, at
the rate of $2,000 per annum,and the interpreter
at the rate of $5,000. But the construction given
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will be to give the secretary of legation, as
such, $5,000, and to pay interpreter, if the
office is held by another person, £5,000.
The amendment of Mr.™ones was not agreed
to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer a
pro form a amendment, for the purpose of explain-
ing this matter, for gentlemen seem to have gone
off in the dark about it. When the bill was in-
troduced into the last Congress, which became a
law, I myself introduced these amendments, and
I introduced them with the intent to separate the
offices of interpreter and secretary of legation.
There is no possible relation between the duties
of the two offices; and my opinion is, that no one
man can fill the two offices. You give the inter-
preter, by law, a salary of $5,000, when you do
not impose upon him tlfe duties of secretary of
legation. With what sort of propriety can you
force him, for the same salary, to discharge the
duties of an office for which, m another clause of
your law, you provide a salary of $3,000 ? Do
you not perceive that, by so doing, you are either
taking his services as secretary of legation for
nothing, or cutting down his salary as interpreter
to §2,000 ?
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
said that the effpet of my amendment would be to
increase the salary of the secretary of legation to
§5,000. Notatall. It only proposes to give the
secretary of legation the salary provided by law
when be is not acting as interpreter, and to give
the interpreter Jo,000 when he is not acting as sec-
retary of legation, as is provided by law. The gen-
tleman says that the amendment would force the
Executive to appoint two offices s. Notatall. It
mei ely gives the Executive power to appoint two
officers, provided in his judymeatthe two officers
ought to be appomtHcl. It only appropriates the
salaries now provided for by law, and which the
Committee of Ways and Means ought to have re-
ported.
Sir, the interpreter to the legation at China has
to be a scholar who knows ali the dialects of the
eastern languages. You have now such a man in
the office—a mail of delicate health, but a scholar.
Your Minister has to pass from point to point and
must have the secretarj/wuh him to transcribe
the documents that he receives in his correspond-
ence. He has to act most of the time as a mere
amanuensis to copy the dispatches that pass be-
tween the Minister and this Government and the
Minister with the Chinese Government._
I know very wel! that when I was Minister to
China, I not only had a secretary, but 1 had a
private secretary, who was paid out of my own
pocket; and I know that he was almost constantly
employed m transcribing papers that weie m my
office. You want your interpreter for other pur-
poses. You want him for the purpose of trans-
lating to your Minister the thousand and one
papers that exist in the Chinese language, and
that may give him important information.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not think that this
amendment ought to pass; and the more I hear
about it, the more perfectly am I satisfied of that
fact. Under the existing law, you have had a
secretary of legation appointed, who has acted as
interpreter.
The Congress of the United States has said by
law that the secretary of legation performing this
additional duty was justly entitled to a compen-
sation of $5,000 per annum; and now my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] introduces his
amendment, for the purpose of paying to the in-
terpreter, when he does not act as secretary of
legation, $5,000 a year for thatsimple duty alone,
while he has been heretofore-performing both du-
ties for that amount of compensation.
Then, sir, the more we see of it, and the more
we hear of it, the more perfectly apparent is it to
this committee that the object of the amendment
is to give to this interpreter now, for that service
alone, a compensation greater than he received for
performing that and the additional service of sec-
retary of legation. And then what is bound to
come on the heels of it ? According to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, after you have taken this
$5,000 for this branch of the service, you will
have to appoint a secretary of legation, who is to
be paid $3,000 more, making §8,000 for the ser-
vice to be performed, instead of £,5,000, as now
provided.
Well, then, what more ? The gentleman says
it is creating no new office. Is it not a direct in-
vitation to the President to select a secretary of
legation who is not an interpreter of the language,
and who will get f3,000 a year for his services?
Is it not an invitation, having selected him, to
select another man as interpreter, who is to get a
compensation of §5,000 a year? And how does
the gentleman sustain his position on this sub-
ject? He tells you that the present interpreter
there is a man of fine education, but of a feeble
constitution. Then, is not the object palpable? I
Is it not clear, on that atgument, that he intends I
that this man of feeble constitution shall be re- I
licved from labor, and shall have a large compen- j
sation for what he does > Can it mean anything ;
else? No, sir; that is its meaning, direct, pal- i
pahle, and positive.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the j
gentleman allow me to ask him one question.
Suppose the President of the United States ap-
points this man of feeble constitution as interpre-
ter alone, what provision then have you made by
this bill for the salary of the secretary. And does
not the law require you in making up this bill, to
make provision for the secretary, in case the
President shall choose to appoint this man inter-
preter alone ?
Mr. LETCHER. " Sufficient unto the day,"
Mr. Chairman,11 is the evil thereof." If the Pres-
ident of the United States desires to divide these
offices and to increase the expenditure of the Gov-
i eminent $3,000, I imagine he will say so to this
I House, either through the Secretary of State or
I through somebody etse. Whenever he does say
I so, it will be time enough then for this House to
i appropriate money. Cut when the President
I conies here to the Committee of Ways and Means
j through his Secretary of State, and tells you that
i he wants a secretary of legation who shall also act
: as an interpreter, at a salary of ^5,000, I take it
! that it is the duty of the Committee of Ways and
I Means not to appropriate money for a purpose
j which the Executive m his construction of the
! law, disclaims and repudiates.
, 1 do not conceive it to be our business to ap-
( propriate more money than is asked for. God
knows theie is money enough asked for underthis
Government for various purposes, and I would
; rather see these demands cut down than, by an
j invitation to the President of the United States,
! ask him to increase them, and oiFer him the tempt-
j at.on of appointing another one of a hungry crew
| Mr. MA RSHALL, of Kentucky, having with-
i drawn the last modification ofins amendment, the
' question recurred on his amendment.
[ Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, asked leave
' to withdraw it.
| Mr. SEWARD objected.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Colfax were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 move the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the eighty-seventh
line:
Sec. —. .*j;r': be it ehac'ch That it snail be, and ben-by
is, made the official duty oi all co ='.ili-ot l:m. Cmt«d SinU'S.
m all foteign pons, tuiiiikc out and s nd to tile Department
of State, at least once in every month, a statistical table or
tables of the retail and wholesale prices of all articles of
import, the produce of the United States, both in the form
of the raw material and the manufactured article, whieh
said tables of prices shall be published by the State Depart-
ment from time to time, as it may direct, for the information
of the people.
Sec. — Jlnd be it enactei•, That if any consul of the
United States> in foreign ports, shall fail to comply with the
requisitions pf this act, his name shall lie stricken frorrtahe
li«t of foreign consuls, and the vacancy thus created SlialI
be filled by the President of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. The Chair has no right to-de-;.
cide that my amendment is out of order, when ho_
question has been raised upon it. Why is my
amendment out of order ?
TheCHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order under the 81st rule, which is as follows:
" 81. No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law—
September 14,1837—unless m continuation of appropria-
tions for such public works and objects as are already iu
progress, and for the contingencies for carrying"——
Mr. BOWIE. That has just as much to do
with the question as I have to do with the man in
the moon. [Laughter.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
bill, as amended, be laid aside to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY Bit,!..
On motion of Mr. LETCHER, the committee
then proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 306, making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1858.
The first reading of the bill was by general con-
sent dispensed with.
Mr. LETCHEK,. I should like to make a
statement in reference to the merits of the bill;
but unless the committee wish it I will not do it
to-night.
Mr. CASE. I desire to speak, and if the gen-
tleman will allow me I will go oil to-night.
No objection was made.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CASE. Mr. Chairman, the argument in
favor of the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution that has had the most ex-
tensive circulation throughout the country, and
which, fiom the official position and prestige of
J its author, has attracted, and will yet attract, most
ij attention, is that which the President sent us oa
;i the 2d ultimo. The local press has everywhere
i published it; and it is being scattered broadcast
: i by the Administration party as the latest gospel
' i of Democracy. I propose, therefore, to use my
, hour in examining some of its propositions and
!! sentiments. When that document was read by
I j the Clerk, and when its startling statements and
i bitter charges were so heartily and promptly in-
dorsed by one of my colleagues, [Mr. Hughes,]
i I 1 felt a desire, for the first time, to speak—to say
i, something of a State paper so extraordinary in its
i! phraseology, assertions,and conclusions. Rising
'1 at this late period to gratify that desire, it is proper
• to sav that some of the remarks I have to submit
were prepared soon after the delivery of that mes-
1' sage. In the mean time, it has been quite boldly
'i discussed here and in the other branch of Con-
si gress; and many of the ideas which lie directly in
• : mv path have been belter expressed by others,
t' Some of them will bear repetition, and for the
rest, I have no apology beyond this explanation.
'I Though addressing this body f^r the first time,
■ I it will hardly be necessary in advance to multiply
•| words in defining my position. Tne subject will
II give sufficient opportunity to. indicate it. Let me
|| only premise that, while I was elected to a seat
j! in this House as a Republican—charged, too, by
!j political adversaries with being a very black one
|; —while I chug to the leading tenets of that party
.< as tenaciously as ever, and am ready, in my poor
ij way, at all proper times to defend them, yet 1
b propose to-day to say but little on the distracting
subject of slavery—not that the able and earnest
\ vindications of that institution, to which I have
i. listened here, have in the least shaken old and
; deep convictions. In its essentia! characteristics
\ I can see nothing to love or admire—much, very
;i much, to abhor and condemn, I ought, pernaps,
