1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
35th Cong....1st Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate fe Ho. of Reps.
Only a portion of the returns of these sales have
yet reached this office from the Office of Indian
Affairs, such portions have been preliminarily
examined, so far as to enable us to make an ad-
fstment of the accounts of sales of the Peorias,
eas,&c., and the eastern part of the Delawares;
which adjustments were effected on the 2d and
7th October, 1857, and reported to the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury.
graduation.
Under the provisions of the act of 3d March,
1857, more than one hundred and fifty thousand
entries for settlement and cultivation, &c.,under
the graduation actof August 4th, 1854, have been
confirmed; a large portion of them have already
been patented, thus relieving the office of a vast
amount of labor which, without legislative inter-
vention, would have been required in the final
adjustment of these cases.
'The act of 3d March, 1857, however, is retro-
active, and has no application to any entries sub-
sequent to its passage. Therefore, in regard to
all such subsequent entries, the registers and re-
ceivers have been instructed to notify purchasers,
at the time of making them, that the proof of
actual settlement and cultivation would be re-
quired within one year from the date of entry,
to entitle them to patent. Under this rule, all
entries subsequent to act 3d March, 1857, will be
held up for one year from their date, unless proof
of settlement and cultivation should be sooner
produced. In default of such proof,there is no
authority to carry them into patent, unless Con-
gress shall otherwise order by further legislation.
I deem it proper again to suggest the necessity
of further legislative action to give the proper
construction to the act of 20th April, 1818, as
recommended in our last annual report, so as to
restrict the compensation commission of registers
and receivers to a quarterly pro rata allowance of
the maximum of two thousand five hundred dol-
lars per annum, their compensation both for sal-
ary and commissions to commence and be calcu-
lated from the time they enter upon the discharge
of their duties. By the rule adopted for the com-
putation of commissions under the construction
given to the said act by the Supreme Court, it
sometimes happens, as was the case at the Platts-
burg office, Missouri, that the same register or
receiver, under different commissions, or differ-
ent incumbents of the same office, have received
commissions amounting in the aggregate to the
sum of #10,000 in a calendar year; which, in the
opinion of this office, could never have been con-
templated by Congress.
The fees allowed to the register and receiver
for locating military land warrants, under the
second section of the act of 22d March, 1852, are
required, under the existing rule of this office, to
be paid into the hands of the receiver of public
moneys, who is held accountable for the same, as
in the case of moneys received for ordinary sales
of land; and the commission on warrant loca-
tions is restricted by law, according to the ruling
of the Department, to an amount winch, added
to the commissions on lands sold, will not cxccod,
in the aggregate, the maximum of $2,500 for any
one official year.
In the last annual report of this office, it was
stated that a most liberal policy had been adopted,
and ought to be continued, in the disposal of the
public domain towards those making settlements
thereon; that "except so far as Congress may
make grants to the land States and Territories in
aid of educational and internal improvement pur-
poses, it is believed to be the true policy of the
Government to secure the public lands to actual
settlers thereon, and withhold them, as far as prac-
ticable, from speculators."
The wisdom of the preemption policy is no
longer the subject of controversy. Itisestablished
by the history of every neighborhood and settle-
ment throughout the West. This is said in full
view of the fact that many fraudulent preemption
claims are established by evasion and perjury; and
that such will be the case, even under the most
diligent administration of this and the local offices,
especially during periods such as that through
which we have recently passed, when the spirit
of speculation has possession of the public mind.
But'tlus class of cases, when compared with the
great body of honest claims, made by men living
upon the lands, is too inconsiderable to weigh
against our policy. The title to the lands should
pass immediately from theGovernment to the men
who are to cultivate the soil. So far as it may be
avoided, the speculator should not be allowed to
intervene.
With a view to a complete and practical policy,
an amendment of the preemption laws was recom-
mended to the last Congress, to the effect that a
time should be fixed, within which the settler
upon unoffered land should complete his entry by
the requisite proof and payment. The proposed
amendment was not adopted, and the preemptor
of unoffered land may make payment at his own
pleasure, provided it be done " before the time
fixed for the public sale of the land." To com-
pel payment and the consummation of the entry,
it is necessary to proclaim the land for public sale.
Numerous and extensive settlements in Kansas,
Nebraska, Minnesota, and in portions of Iowa,
Wisconsin, and Michigan, formed during and
prior to 1856, have so far matured, and the lands
have been so long occupied, as to justify the Gov-
ernment in expecting and requiring payment.
It is recommended that preemptors upon unof-
fered surveyed lands shall have one year from the
date of settlement, and those upon nnsurveyed
lands shall have one year after the return of the
township plats to the local office, within which
to pay for the same; and that the right of pre-
emption upon unsurveyed lands be made geneial,
so that the law in this respect may be uniform,
the privilege being limited, under existing laws,
to California, Oregon, Washington, Minnesota,
Kansas, Nebraska, and New Mexico.
The twelfth section of the actof 22d July, 1854,
relating to Kansas and Nebraska, requires notice
of the tract claimed by preemptors to be filed
within three months " after the survey has been
made in the field." It is recommended that this
provision be so modified as to give the three
months after the survey has been made and re-
turned, thus assimilating it to the other statutes
on the same subject. Where two or more per-
sons may have settled upon and improved the
same tract before the survey, the entry should
be made by them jointly, and the maximum
quantity of one hundred and sixty acres to each
allowed on adjacent legal subdivisions of unoccu-
pied lands. Legislation to this effect is recom-
mended.
The recommendation of the last annual report
is renewed, that the act of 3d March, 1853, be so
amended as to render United States reserved sec-
tions along the line of railroads liable to preemp-
tion, as well when the settlement may have been
made after as before the final allotment; that is,
at any time before the public sale.
The general law of 3d March, 1855, and the spe-
cial act of 3d March, 1857, granting preemptions
to contractors carrying the mails through the
Territories west of the Mississippi, have engaged
the attention of the Department; and to facilitate
operations under these laws, a circular letter of
instructions has been prepared, in which, as re-
gards the general statute, it is held, that to con-
stitute a right of preemption, the mail route on
which the claim is based must form a part of a
system stretching laterally across the territory,
being a link in or part of a connected route from
the line of the States west of the Mississippi to
the Pacific, and that no benefit or privilege is con-
ferred by the said act on routes stretching length-
wise in a northerly or southerly direction in the
Territory, and forming no part of said connected
route.
private land claims.
The class of titles known as " private land
claims," which had their origin under the Govern-
ments that preceded us in sovereignty over the
different sections of country now constituting our
territory, are constantly coming before this office
for examination in all their diversity of forms;
and those finally confirmed and properlysurveyed
are earned into patent. Under this head, indi-
vidual Indian reserves also are referred, and are
passed into patent after a critical examination of
the whole bosk of title, as resting on treaties and
statutory provisions.
A class of claims at the Saul t Stc. Marie, Mich-
igan, of which official cognizance had been taken
under the act of Congress approved 36th Septem-
ber, 1850, has been thorougniy examined at this
office. Eighty-four of these have been finally
confirmed; for thirty-two of these, the payments
required by law have been made, and pafentcer-
tificates have been returned to this from the local
office.
Returns of the surveys, with the necessary
transcripts, showing the final confirmation and
survey of ranchos and other claims in Califor-
nia, are coming in, and are subject to critical ex-
amination, and carried into patent where found
complete in all the proceedings. Eight of these
titles have been carried into patent, including an
aggregate area of over 190,600 acres, and cover-
ing one hundred and seventeen pages of record.
In connection with the geological reconnois-
sance which has been made in Oregon and Wash-
ington, alluded to in the foregoing, and the dis-
covery of extensive coal fields inthoseTerritories,
the attention of this office lias been drawn to the
immense growth and great value of the timber for
naval purposes in the Pacific slope.
It is reported that the rod fir for masts, roots
of the white-oak, cedar, and various kinds of fir,
are suitable for ship knees. On Hood's canal, in
the vicinity of Fort Gamble, and at Steilacoom,
white pine is found in great abundance, and of
excellentquality.
The facilities for the transportation of timber
from Washington Territory arc great-, the harbors
in Puget Sound being reported deep and quite ac-
cessible, admitting ships of the largest draught.
As an incidental matter connected with the dis-
posal of the public lands, this office, in the elder
land States, has instituted a system susceptible
of extension to any part of the public domain,
operating through the instrumentality of the local
land offices, for the protection of the public tim-
ber.
This system, both simple and economical, ]jaa
been found efficient in suppressing, to a great
extent, the mischief of waste, and has operated
in a most salutary manner in constraining tres-
passers to purchase lands which otherwise would
nave remained unsold. Theevil will be, to agrcat
extent, obviated by an early introduction into
market of the pineries which have attracted the
attention and stimulated the cupidity of depreda-
tors.
• With great respect, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Cotftmissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Abstract of the Annual Report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
General Land Office,
November 30, 1857.
Sir: Pursuant to the resolution of the Senate
of the 28th February, 1855, the following is sub-
mitted as an "ab&tiact, or compendium" of the
annual report from this office, bearing even date
herewith.
This report treats of the following subjects,
and is accompanied by the usual statistical tables
of the lands surveyed, exposed to market, sold,
granted, and otherwise disposed of, to wit:
1. The quantity of lands ready for market and
not advertised—surveys returned—aggregate an-
nual statement of sales and lands disposed of.
2. Bounty laud warrants—acts of 1847-50-52,
and 55—annual statements, with views respect-
ing Virginia military claims.
3. Swamp land grant—statements, and a re-
newal of recommendation of further legislation.
4. Statement m relation to railroad grants.
5. Grants in Wisconsin—Fox and Wisconsin
river grant—Des Moines river grant m Iowa.
6. Synoptical views of the operations of the
surveyor general.
7. New land districts created in Kansas, Ne-
braska, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.
8. Geological reconnoissance m Oregon and
Washington.
9. Land on the Alabama and Florida line.
10. Lands in the northeastern or Columbus
district, Mississippi.
11. Indian reserves—trust lands.
12. Reference to graduation act and the num-
ber of entries confirmed under the same.
