42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner o f Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
* 13. Legislation recommended touching the
measures of compensation to land officers.
' 14. Reference to operation of preemption laws
—further legislation recommended.
15. Private land claims—and means adopted
to protect the timber growing upon the public
lands.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs*
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, JVov. 30, 1857.
• Sir: The accompanying reports and statements
from the several superintendents, agents, and
teachers, furnish valuable and interesting inform-
ation in regard to the condition and prospects of
our various Indian tribes, and exhibit i i detail the
operations of this branch of the public service
during the past year.
The New York Indians continue gradually to
improve; they have generally adoptedagncultural
ana mechanical pursuits, and, to a considerable
extent, the habits and customs of their white
brethren. A treaty recently entered into with the
Tonawanda band ofSenecas, should it receive the
favorable consideration of the Senate, will, it is
hoped, terminate the complicated and embarrass-
ing difficulties which, for some years,have mate-
rially interfered with their happiness and wel-
fare.
The treaties of July 31 and August 2, 1855,
with theseveral bands of Indians inMichigan, pro-
vided for a material change in their condition and
relations. They were relieved from the obligation
to remove west of the Mississippi river, secured
limited bm sufficient quantities of land, to be held
in^overalty, and were provided with ample means
for educational purposes. Under the liberal legis-
lation of the State they can attain to citizenship;
and it is hoped that, by a discreet and judicious
supervision of their affairs on the part of the Gen-
oral Government, and such coopeiation as may be
requisite by the authorities of the State, aided by
tin* kindness and benevolence ofher citizens, they
may soon lie prepared for the enjoyment of that
high privilege.
The treaty of 1854 with the Menomonees, and
that of J85G with the Stockbridges of Wisconsin,
released those tribes from then engagements to
emigrate west of the Mississippi, to which they
were opposed, and located them in other posi-
tions within the State, where it is hoped they
will improve, and (vcntnally becomc fitted for
and invested with citizenship.
The small hand of Oneidas, formerly of New
Voi )\, re ton in in the vicinity of Green Hay, where
they were placed by the treaty of 1837. They
aie advanced in civilization, and there is no good
reason why they should not thrive and prosper,
if the State authorities would rigidly prohibit the
traiFic with them m aident spirits.
i y the treaties of September 30,1854, and Feb-
ruary ^5IH55, thugn-.it Chippewa tube, residing
in Wisconsin, Minnesota, and the northern pen-
insula of Michigan, ceded nearly the whole of
the lands owned by thorn to the Government;
there bemir-set apart for the different bands, how-
ever, a suitable number of reservations, limited
in extent, where it should be the policy to con-
centrate and confine them, and every exertion
used to induce them to adopt the habits and pur-
suits of civilized life.
As stated in the last annual report of my pi edc-
ressor, we have no tr- aty arrangements with the
K<*d Lake Chippewas, and a few other scattered
bands of Indians next to the Ihitish possessions,
and m the valley of the Red llivi-r of the North.
They are poor and need assistance, and it would
be good policy to extinguish their title to lands in
thatregioiij and to locale them onasmall reserva-
tion, whcie they could be suitably and humanely
provided for.
The other Indians in Minnesota consist of the
various bands of the Dacotahs,or Sioux, and the
Winnobagoes; the latter located in the southern
portion or the Territory, and reported to be doing
weif. The fluent is, howevui,ot opinion that their
reservation Is too large, and that it would con-
tribute materially to their advancement to reduce
it, and to assign them a limited quantity of land
in severalty, so as to give them an idea of indi-
vidual property, and a greater incentive to per-
sonal exertion and industry.
The principal body of the Sioux consist of the
four bands of Med-a-wah-kan-toans, and Wah-
pah-coo-tahs, known as the Lower or Mississippi
•Sioux, and the Wah-pah-toans and Se-see-toans,
or Upper Sioux. These are located on two reser-
vations set apart for them by the treaties of July
and August, 1851, where strenuous efforts are
being made to induce them to improve their habits
and condition.
It was a small outlawed and recklcss band of
these Indians that committed the murders and
outrages at the white settlement at Spirit Lake in
March last, but who, on the requirement of the
Department, have since been severely punished
by their brethren for their lawless and atrocious
conduct; this having been determined to be a
better course than to cause the chastisement to
be inflicted by our troops.
A portion of the Indians embraced within the
two agencies for the tribes on and in the vicinity
of the upper and head waters of the Missouri
river have, within the past year, been severely
scourged by the small-pox—as many as two thou-
sand of them having, it is estimated, been carried
off by that disease; otherwise, nothing of an un-
usual character has taken place amongst them.
These Indians comprise eight different bands of
restless and wandcnng Sioux, with the Aricka-
rees, Gros Ventres, Mandans, Assinaboines, and
Crows, all within the lower, and the Blackfeet,
who are within the upper agency. But small
portions of the country occupied by them are
suited for agricultural pursuits; and so long as the
buffalo and other game within their reach afford
them subsistence, it will be difficult, if not impos-
sible, to break them of their wandering and un-
settled habits. The agent reports that the Sioux,
to whom General Harney promised presents of
clothing for their soldiers, are very much dissat-
isfied with the non-compliance with that promise,
and he recommends that Congress make provis-
ion for its fulfillment. An estimate for $200,000,
to be placed at the disposal of the Department for
that purpose, was presented by your predecessor
to Congress at the last session of that body; but
as no appropriation was made, concurring in the
propriety and importance of the measure, 1 re-
spectfully recommend that the amount necessary
to carry it out be appropriated.
Pursuant to the act of March 3, 1853, pro-
viding for negotiations with the Indians west of
Missouii and Iowa, for the purpose of procuring
their assent to the settlement of citizens of the
United States on their lands, and of extinguish-
ing their title thereto, in whole or in part, treaties
were made during the preceding Administration
with tin' Ottoes and Mtssounas, Omahas, Dela-
wares, Shawnees, loways, Sacs and Foxes of
the Missouri, Kickapoos, Miamies, and the
united tnbes of Kaskaskias, Peorias, Wi;as, and
Piankeshaws. The title of these Indians was
thus extinguished to all the lands owned and
claimed by them, except such portions as were
reserved for their future homes; the lands so ac-
quired for occupancy by our citizens in Kansas
and Nebraska amounting to about 13,658,000
acres, and the lands retained for the use of the
Indians to about 3,342,000.
The n\nds ceded by the Delawares, except the
strip known as the outlet, for which they were
allowed a stipulated amount, and those acquired
fioni the loways and the united tribes of Kas-
kaskias, Peoiicis, Weas, and Piankeshaws, were
to be, and have been, sold for their benefit. The
amount realized for those of the Delawares is
ft 1,054,943 71; for those of the loways,^184,437 85;
and for those of the four united tribes, §335,350.
From these amounts is to be deducted the cost of
surveying and selling the lands; and the remain-
der in each case is lequired to be invested m safe
and protitablestocks, except so much as the Pres-
ident may deem proper to be applied to relieve
the temporary necessities of the Indians during
the tknc of their becoming settled and established
on their reservations. The interest derived from
the investments is to be annually paid over to
them, or judiciously applied for their benefit.
The treaty of January 31, 1855, with the Wy-
andott Indians residing at the junction of the
Missouri and Kansas rivers, provided for their
investment with citizenship and a division of the
tribal lands amongst them. This division, it is
understood, has been made, and resulted in giving
to each soul about forty acres. This measure,
the agent reports, has been attended with good
results, a spirit of improvement having manifest-
ed itself beyond anything of the kind previously
known amongst the Wyandotts. My personal
observation enables me to concur in the report
of the agent.
During the past summer an important and ne-
cessary treaty was also made with the Pawnees,
through the operation of which, should it be ap-
proved by the Senate, the department hopes to be
able to place these restless and lawless Indians
in a settled location, to control them there, and
to adopk effective measures for securing their ma-
terial improvement. There is the like necessity
for a similar treaty with the Poncas, who inhabit
and claim a region of country on the Missouri
and L'eau qui Court, or Running Water rivers.
No conventional arrangements have been en-
tered into since the act of March 3, 1853, with
the following tribes residing m Kansas, viz: the
Pottawatormes, the Kansas or Kaws, the Sacs
and Foxes of the Mississippi, and the Osages.
The policy of that act and the welfare, if not the
very existence of these Indians, require that new
and different arrangements be made with them as
soon as possible.
I concur fully with those of my predecessors
who have stated that there have been two great
and radical mistakes in our system of Indian pol-
icy—the assignment of an entirely too large body
of land in common to the different tribes which
have been relocated, and the payment of large
money annuities for the cessions made by them;
the first tending directly to prevent the Indians
from acquiring settled habits and an idea of per-
sonal property and rights, which he at the very
foundation of all civilization; the second causing
j and fostering a feeling of dependence and habits
of idleness, so fatally adverse to anything like
physical and moral improvement. With regaid
to the Indians in Nebraskaand Kansas especially,
it is all important that these mistakes shall not
be perpetuated or repeated. They are in a crit-
ical position. They have been saved as long as
possible from the contact and pressure of white
population, which has generally heretofore been
regarded as fatal to the Indian. They arc now
becoming rapidly surrounded by such a popula-
tion, full of enterprise and energy, and by which
all the surplus lands, as far west as any of the
bord er tubas reside, will necessaiily soon be re-
quired for settlement. There is 110 place left where
it is practicable again to place these tribes sep-
arate find apart by themselves. Their destiny
must bo determined and worked out where they
arc. There they must advance, and improve, and
i become fitted to take an active part in the enno-
I blmg struggles of civilization; or, remaining igno-
rant, imbecile, and helpless, and acquiring only
the fatal vices of civilized life, they must sink and
peush like thousands of their race before them.
A solemn duty icsts upon the Government to do
all in its power to save them fiotn the latter fate;
and there is no time to'be lost in adopting all ne-
cessary measures to preserve, elevate, and ad vance
them.
With large reservations of fertile and desirable
land, entirely disproportion^ to their wants for
occupancy and support, it will be impossible,
when surrounded by a dense white population,
to protect tliem from constant disturbance, intru-
sion, and spoliation by those on whom the obli-
gations of law and justice rest but lightly; while,
their large annuities will subject them to the wiles
and machinations of the inhuman trafficker in ar-
dent spirits, the unprincipled gambler, and the
greedy and avaricious trader and speculator
Their reservations should be restricted so as to
contain only sufficient land to afford them a com-
fortable support by actual cultivation, and should
be properly divided and assigned to them,with the
obligation to remain upon and cultivate the same.
The title should remain in the tribe, with the
power reserved to the (jovemment, when any of
them become sufficiently intelligent, sober, and
