1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms from the found-
eries and armories, to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier
posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferri-
ages ; for the purchase and hire of horses,mules,andoxen,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, diays, ships,
and other sea-going vessels and boats for the transportation
of supplies and for garrison purposes; for diayage and cart-
age at the several posts; hire of teamsters; transportation
of funds for the pay dnd other disbuising departments; the
expense of sailmgpubhe transpoitson the various rivers, the
Grulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for pio-
curing water at such posts as from their situation require
1 that it be brought from a distance , and for clearing roads,
/ and removing obstructions from roads, hatbors, and rivers,
/ -to the extent which may be required for the actual opera-
/ 'tions of the troops on the frontier, $5,400,000."
'4/ Here are one hundred different objects of ex-
penditure gathered together in one appropriation.
I was not attacking this specially, but the general
system, and I say, while such a practice prevails,
there is a greater necessity for preventing trans-
fers.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to supply a word
which I forgot when I was answering the Senator
before. There was something said about the
boundary commission, and Major Emory having
brought ^100,000 of the appropriation for that
purpose back to the seat of Government, and then
having without law applied it to the publication
of the work.
Mr. HALE. I did not say any such thing. X
beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. PEARCE. Then applied by the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. HALE. I said it was applied by the Sec-
retary of the Interior; and, I suppose, it was by
law, and 1 want to seethe lawgiving him that
authority repealed.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, what I was about
s to say was this: when the estimate was made,
{provision was found in it fordraughtsmen,artists,
and savans, to accompany the expedition, and, if
I am not mistaken, it will be found that there was
express authority in that appropriation for the
publication of the leport of the commissioner. I
will only add that the $100,000 was not appro-
priated to engraving and printing, though a por-
tion of it was, under the authority I have men-
tioned; but I believe §60,000 remained in this
manner and went back to the Treasury or will go
back. Theamountof it, therefore, is, that instead
of having been done without authority of law,
it has been done under authority of law. I think
that is the case. I will look foi it, and if I find I
am wrong, I shall correct my statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 moved in this matter
in the committee, and therefore,! suppose, I may
as well give a leason for my position. The House
of Representatives is making an attempt to do
what I thought ought to be done on the bill which
has been referred to, and a portion of which has
been read by the honorable Senator fiom New
Hampshire. It was argued at that time, however,
that there was no power to make these ttansfeis,
except ill the same Depaitinent; and that the na-
ture of the business in the War Department was
such that it was absolutely necessary the power
should exist, and the Senate was of that opinion.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him, as I have found this passage, and
I wish to read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. In the appropriation for the
boundary survey, voting this very money which
it is charged has been misapplied by the Secietary
of the interior, and devoted to a purpose not au-
thorized bylaw, I find this provision:
'• For enguuing maps, t lew*. and sections of the suivcy
of the boundary betwern tile L'liiieu Writes and -Mexico.
$10.000.''
We have heard this matter referred to very
often. I trust it will not be referred to again; or
if it be, that there will be no further mistake
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was not an onginal
appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. PEARCE. It was the appropriation made
in lt'55, when the boundary commission was re-
organized.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This was an appropria-
tion of more money for that purpose. Tins was
$10,000; and twenty or thirty thousand dollars
were transferred. That did not meet the expend-
itures, and consequently it was considered neces-
sary to use some other funds.
Mr. COLLAMER. They used the other,and
then got the ^10,000 voted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might have been.
Well, sir, this is an attempt on the part of the
House of Representatives, who have been ap-
pealed to as the proper authority, under the Con-
stitution, to raise money, to be a little more spe-
cific in reference to the use of it than we have
hitherto been, and to prohibit transfers in other
branches of the Government where they have
been in the habit of making them.
The Senator from Maryland knows, and the
Senator from Virginia knows, that we exercise a
discretionary power over proposedappropnations.
One of the Departments comes here in a certain
branch of its business and says it wants so much
money for such a purpose. We say, on exam-
ining the matter, "you do not want so much
money," and we cut them down one half. We
have done so in this very bill in one particular.
We have cut an estimate down from over one
hundred thousand dollars to $50,000 ill this very
bill, and made several changes of the same de-
scription. Well, what is the consequence of the
law, as it stands now, in that particular Depart-
ment? They say the money appropriated is not
enough; but they find they have got more money
than they want in another particular bianch,and
they just take these odds and ends, these balances,
and make up theamountof their original estimate.
The result always is, necessarily, that instead of
Congress saying how much money shall be ap-
propriated to a specific object, the Departments
say so, by using money which they do not want
for other purposes.
That is the truth of it, and therefore the prop-
osition of the honorable chairman will not meet
the case. All he says is that they shall report at
the beginning of each session what balances they j
have Oil hand. What do wc gam by that? We |
acquire no new information; we have no new
I guards; wo accomplish nothing. The same dif-
! Scully remains that has always existed hitherto,
| that we are contending against,and have beencon-
i tending against from the beginning. If by chance
| (and they are very apt to do it, because, after all,
■ they know ten times as much about how they
| may make these things come out, as we do) they
I attempt to use money in this way, 1 am of opin-
l ion that we should have something to say about
I it. They find that what Congress disappioves on
t acertain particular point, they can accomplish by
using money which has been appropi iated to other
objects in the. same Department, and they take the
libei ty to do it. Avery flagrant instance of it
was cited here in the argument on the deficiency
bill, where there had been a proposition before
Congress to appropriate money for a particular
i purpose—for the payment of a certain Territorial
! Legislature—and it was refused by Congress; and
yet the Department took money which bad been
appropriated for the Legislature of another year
and used it for that purpose, because itwas within
the two years, and paid the bill, and it is so le-
turned in the documents. VIow much advantage
i do we get in a case of that kind by their simply
telling us at the end of the next year that they
: had a balance for another purpose, and used it for
| an object for which Congress did not appropriate
i it? We have no safety of any kind or description
in that.
The argument then is, that this is inconvcm-
' ent in reference to keeping the accounts, &c. I
examined that matter before. 1 should prefer
much, from my examination of the question thus
far, that we should let the deficiencies exist ll
they must, and examine them when a claim comes
for deficiency and expenditures. I believe it is
safer. Persons have talked a great di al about de-
ficiency bills, but they must necessarily arise from
the imperfection of human calculation in refeience
to these questions. When they conic in and ex-
hibit then-accounts to us, as to particular branches
of expenditure, it is then perfectly in our power
to see how they have expended the money, and
to decide whether we shall grant money by way
of deficiency to make it up, or what other course
we shall take m reference to the disobedience of
the orders of Cougiess m regard to the expendi-
ture of the money they have appropriated.
Now, sir, this efl'oit, which is made m the
House of Representatives, I exceedingly appiove.
You will see, by the original proposition, that it
is not to apply to the picsent year, ltisnoteveu
to apply to the next year—that is, to the year end-
ing June 30, 1859. It is to begin after that pe-
riod. It is giving fair notice of a change of sys-
tem which Congress thinks it necessary to adopt,
and I see none of the evils and none of the diffi-
culties suggested, and have not been able to do so,
though 1 have examined the matter with all the
attention I am capable of giving to it. I have not
been convinced by the views of the chairman of the
Finance Committee in relation to this matter, and
certainly, if he cannot convince me, I do not be-
lieve anybody can, for he knows more about the
subject, unquestionably, than most other, if not
all other, members of the Senate. I hope that
the provision, as it was drawn originally and sent
to us in the bill by the House, will stand, and will
not be displaced by the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand the ques-
tion aright, it is proposed to strike out a section
in the bill of the House of Representatives, pro-
viding against transfers of appropriations, and to
substitute in lieu of it a provision that the Depart-
ments shall annually report, in their estimates,
the balances on hand unexpended of the last ap-
propriation for each object. I do not see how this
proposition of the committee is any substitute for
that of the House, and yet I like it as it now
strikes my mind. I understand that a motion to
strike out and insert is not divisible. Now, I wish
to say that, though I am in favor of inserting the
matter proposed to be inserted, I do not wish to
vote for striking out the section of the House bill
in order to get at it; but I shall vote against striking
out and inserting, because I wish to retain that
feature of the House bill, and, at the same time,
I desire, if I can, to secure this provision in ad-
dition to that. I think the proposition a good one;
but it stands as no substitute for, and docs not
supply the place of, or answer any of the purposes
of tiie first provision.
Suppose there is a specific appropriation for a
particular purpose for the use of one year, and it
is necessary to provide for the same purpose the
next year. Let us say that provision is made for
supplying the surgeon's department of the Army
with medicines, and aspecificsum is appropriated
for that object for this year, and next year another
appropriation is wanted for the same object. All
this talk about transfer is out of the case, and yet
I think it perfectly proper that, in making their
estimates for those medicines for next year, they
should let us know what balance they have un-
expended of the present year. I say that, under
the present system, every necessity winch de-
mands the provision which the chairman has sug-
gested of having unexpended balances reported
: to us, showing what they have on hand, and
I therefore showing that moie is required, exists
| just as much when there are not transfers as when
• there are. I therefore desire it to be understood
I that, in voting against the proposition to strike
I out and insert, ! am not voting against the adop-
| tion of the provision reported by the committee,
; for I think it should be adopted; but I do not le-
' gard it as a substitute for the other. As to whether
I the power of transfers should be preserved, I have
nothing to say. 1 am satisfied with the remarks
of the Senator fiom Maine on that point.
Mi. DAVIS. I think the amendment proposed
by the committco is better than the section con-
tained in the House bill; but I think the existing
j law is better than either. I believe there is some
misapprehension as to the opeiation of this right
: of tiansfer in the minds of many gentlemen who
have spoken upon it. it is now confined by law
to a very nairow limit, and in those cases I think
it is useful, I might say, necessary, and I will
illustrate it by a single example, so as to be as
brief as possible. The Cluaitei master General es-
, tiinates for a certain amount for forage: he esti-
mates for a certain amount for transputlatinn.
His calculation is ba*'d upon the contingencies
of the service, as well as he can foresee them, for
the coming year. For instance, lie supposes a
certain amount of transportation will be needed
by the public teams, and a certain other amount
by conti.tct, and upon that supposition his ^esti-
mate is made. It tuius out 111 the couise ol the
, year, howevei,that he cannot make contracts,
and he is obliged to use the public teams to a
gieater extent than he anticipated. Ihcu the
money appropriated lor transportation is m ex-
cess, and the money appropnatetl for forage is
i deficient, and if you do Hot enable him to tians-
; fei the money from one head to the other, there
