1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affav,
airs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
industrious, to grant them patents for the land so
assigned to them, but leasable or alienable only
to members of the tribe, until they become so far
advanced as to be fitted for tlie enjoyment of all
the rights and privileges of citizens of the United
States. Their annuities should be taken and used
for the erection of comfortable residences and re-
quisite out-buildings, and otherwise in gradually
improving their farms.
Manual-labor schools should be established,
where they could learn how to conduct properly
their agricultural pursuits, and especially where
the boys could be educated as farmers and the
girls in housewifery and the dairy, and where
also there could be imparted to both the rudiments
of a plain and useful education.
Mechanics shops should also be established
where necessary, and where as many of the boys
as possible should be placed and trained to a
knowledge of the mechanicarts suited to the con-
dition and wants of their people.
It is, if possible, more important that the In-
dian should be taught to till the soil and to labor
in the mechanical shops than to have even a com-
mon school education.
The adult Indians should be encouraged to cul-
tivate the lands assigned to them, each to have
the exclusive control, under the tribal right, of
his own possessions, and of the products of his
own labor; and, to encourage them to part with
their children willingly to be instructed at the
manual-labor schools, and in the mechanical
shops, the surplus productions of the one, or profits
of the other, should be divided among the parents
of the children who aided to produce them. All
these arrangements should be under the exclusive
control of the department, as well as the annui-
ties, so far as they can be withdrawn from that
of the tribe, and applied to accomplish the objects
mentioned.
No white person should be permitted to obtain
any kind of possession or foothold within the
limits of the reservations, nor even to enter them,
except in the employ or by permission of the Gov-
ernment, and none should be employed except
such as would be actually necessary for the in-
struction of the Indians. Power should be con-
ferred on the agents to eject summarily all in-
truders from the reservations. They should also
be clothed with executive and judicial authority in
matters pertaining to their agencies, and appeals
from their decisions be allowed to the superin-
tendents, and thence to the department, liut to
carry out the system successfully it would be
necessary to relieve the Indians from the example
of the worthless idlers and vagrants of the tribe,
as well as those whose wild habits and roving
dispositions would preclude them from settling
down quietly and orderly. All such should be
colonized by themselves in such positions as not
to admit of much, if any, communication or inter-
course with the settled portions of their tribes. For
such colonies places could be found somewhere
about Bent's Fort and the heads of the Arkansas
and Platte rivers.
This plan is applicable at present only to such
Indians as those located in Nebraska and Kan-
sas. The wilder tribes could not be brought at
once within the entire system, as they could not
at first, brook the restraint and confinement. They
must undergo a preliminary training, being gradu-
allly induced to abandon their nomadic and wan-
dering habits, and to settle down on larger reser-
vations, where, for a time, they would have to be
influenced to make the necessary exertions to
support themselves by cultivating the soil.
The settlement of the questions arising under
various treaties in which reservations have been
granted m severalty to Indians in Kansas and Ne-
braska, presents many difficulties which I know
of no way of overcoming except by Congress au-
thorizing the department to sell the lands, and to
control the proceeds thereof in sucli manner as to
render them effective for the assistance and bene-
fit of the reserves.
The reports in regard to the four great south-
western tribes—the Cherokee®, Cieeks, Choc-
taws, and Clnckasaws—are very favorable. Their
regularly-organized and stable governments and
laws well suited to their condition and circum-
stances, their general devotion to industrial pur-
suits, and their comparative national and individ-
ual prosperity, evince a most creditable and grat-
ifying degree of advancement in the fundamental
elements of civilization. Some, if not all of them,
appear to be expecting and preparing for an im-
portant change in their political and municipal re-
lations with the United States, and there is no
doubt that suitably-organized territorial govern-
ments may, with great propriety and advantage,
be extended to them at an early day. Until such
a change shall become expedient, it is recom-
mended that there shall be United States courts
established at suitable points within the territory
of th'ese Indians, for the trial of cases arising
there under our laws. The embarrassments and
expense to which they are subjected, in being
compelled to attend the Federal court in Arkan-
sas, and the difficulty of se&uring the attendance
of witnesses, give rise to cases of great hardship,
amounting to a denial of justice.
I submit herewith a copy of the late annual
message of John Ross, principal chief of the Cher-
okees, to their national council, which is worthy
of special attention, as presenting, doubtless, a
correct view of the general condition of the tribe,
as well as important questions for the consider-
ation of the authorities of the United States.
For several successive years the tribes in the
southern superintendency suffered extremely
from drought. During the present season, how-
ever, theyliave had timely and abundant rains,
have consequently raised fine crops, and are amply
supplied with all the necessaries of life.
It is expected the Seminoles will soon remove
and settle within the district of country provided
for them by the treaty with them and the Creeks
of August, 1856, and that having a separate coun-
try, and enjoying the right of self-government,
with ample means for the improvement and sup-
port of the whole tribe, their brethren in Florida
can be induced peaceably to emigrate and join
them. Both the Creeks and Western Seminoles
have manifested an entire readiness to comply
with their obligations under the treaty, of co-
operating with the Department in its efforts to
effect the peaceful removal of the Florida Semi-
noles; and large delegations of bofh tribes, in
charge of the superintendent for that district, will
soon be on their way to the scene of operations
for the purpose of endeavoring to accomplish that
object. Th.'s movement has been somewhat de-
layed in consequence of thesuperintendenthaving
been charged with the disbursements of the
moneys payable to the several tribes within his
superintendency. This service was imposed upon
him in conformity with the regulation adopted by
the President in March last, to carry out an ap-
parent wish of Congress, as evinced by a proviso
in the act making appropriations for the Indian
department, passed at the last session, that the
moneys due to Indians should be paid by the su-
perintendents, instead of by the agents, as here-
tofore. The proviso, not being obligatory, was
not necessary, as the President had already the
power to require the superintendents to make
such payments whenever he deemed it proper,
and as had been repeatedly done. The President
having directed the change, it has been tried, but
found to he impracticable without great injustice
to the Indians and injury to the public service.
It devolves an undue amount of labor and respons-
ibility upon the superintendents, while it leaves
comparatively none to the agents, and destroys
all their influence for good with the Indians. One
tribe has to wait till another is paid, which causes
jealousy and ill-feeling; and it requires so much
time to pay them in succession, that those last
reached receive their money long after it should
have been paid to them. It necessarily runs the
later paymentsinto mid-winter, when the Indians
cannot "be assembled without subjecting them to
great exposure, hardship, and certain danger of
fatal diseases. It is also attended with much
greater expense, in consequence of the guards and
assistants which the superintendent is compelled
to employ for the safety of the moneys while
traveling about with them in the Indian country
from tribe to tribe, or in providmgfor those which
he has to leave behind. 1 therefore leeommend
that the system be abandoned, and that the duty
be reimposed upon the agents, with such checks
and ffuai (Is as may be requisite to secuie i is proper
and faithful performance.
It being necessary that the southern superin-
tendent should proceed to Florida on the duty re-
ferred to before completing the payments in hia
district, he was, with the sanction of the Pres-
ident, directed to turn over the unpaid moneys in
his hands to the agents for the tribes to whom
they belong for payment.
While on the subject of payments to Indians,
I beg leave to call attention to the evil effects of
per capita payments, which system has been in
force for some years. The great body of Indians
can be managed only through the chiefs. The
per capita system breaks down the latter, reduces
them to the level of the common Indians, and de-
stroys all their influence. It thus disorganizes,
and leaves them practically without a domestie
government; lessens their respect for authority,
and blunts their perceptions of the necessity and
advantages of any proper and effective system of
governmental organization; turning them back-
ward, instead of leading them forward, in the scale
of advancement. With the diminished control
and influence of the chiefs there is increased law-
lessness on the part of the members, and hence
the greater number of outrages on the persons
and property of other Indians and our citizens.
Nor is the per capita payment system of any pro-
tection or advantage to the individual Indian. His
share of the annuity is known beforehand, and
it is an easy matter to induce him in advance to
gamble it off, or pledge it for whisky or articles
of no material use to him, and at or after the pay-
ment to take or collect the amount from him. The
distribution of the money should be left to the
chiefs, so far at least as to enable them to punish
the lawless and unruly by withholding it from
them, and giving it to the more orderly and mer-
itorious. They should be allowed to report on
the conduct of the individuals of the tribe, being
as far as possible held responsible therefor; and
the agent to pay the money according to a grad-
uated scale, having reference to the industrious
habits and good conduct of individuals, as he
should find to be just, reserving to him the right
to inquire into the action of the chiefs whenever
complaint shall be made, and to^change or mod-
ify such action whenever he may discover that
they have dealt unjustly with any member of
their tribe.
It is respectfully suggested that some definite
action should be had upon the treaties heretofore
made with the Q,uapaws, the Senecas, and the
Senecas and Shawnees, residing adjacent to the
southwestern corner of Missouri, which were sub-
mitted for the consideration of the Senate at the
session of 1854-55.
If not such as should Be ratified, others of a
proper character should be negotiated; this being
necessary for the.welfare of the Indians and to
carry out the objects of the act of 1853. A treaty
should likewise'be entered into with the Chero-
kees to acquire from them the eight hundred thou-
sand acres of land in the same locality known as
the " Neutral Ground," on which settlements are
already being made, contrary to our obligations
to the Cherokees, and which tract they are will-
ing to dispose of, in order to obtain the means of
liquidating their considerable national debt, and
to augment their insufficient school and orphan
funds.
A large tract of land in Kansas was years ago
set apart for the New York Indians, who were
then expected to remove there; but subsequent
arrangements have settled the great body of them
on reservations in the State. Such of them as
have removed should be assigned the three hun-
dred and twenty acres promised to them, and the
remainder of the lands be brought into market for
the benefit of our citizens who are so rapidly fill-
ing up the Territory.
Preliminary measures have been adopted for
colonizing, as soon as possible, on the tract of
country leased from the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws for the purpose, the Witchita and other In-
dians intended to be located there.
The colonization of the Indians of Texas on
the reservations set apart by the State for that
purpose is progressing favorably, and as rapidly
as the difficulties and obstacles incident to such a
measure will permit. The supervising agent rep-
resents with much confidence that the several
cclomes will soon be in a condition to support
