44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 19,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
themselves. In the mean time there will be a
gradual and material decrease of expense. The
amount requisite for the next year is $91,707 50.
The same officer estimates that that for the suc-
ceeding yea? will not be so great by about $30,000.
This is the only practicable system for redeem-
ing the wild, lawless, and roaming tribes within
our borders. It is expensive at first, because the
Indians have to be subsisted and otherwise pro-
vided for and made comfortable until they grad-
ually settle down and commence to work for their
own support, which experience has demonstrated
they can be induced to do. In the end it is the
most economical course; but, however great the
expense, it is one which both humanity and good
policy require should be incurred.
The resources of these Indians from the chase
are rapidly failing them, caused in no slight de-
gree by the extension of our settlements, and
their country being traversed in every direction
by our people. Many of them are compelled to
live by plunder, and hence the frequent outrages
against other Indians and the whites. .In their
dispersed condition the numerous military posts
that have to be kept up, and the costly expedi-
tions that have frequently to be undertaken to
hold them in check, together with the sums which
the Government is bound to pay for losses sus-
tained from their depredations, probably involve
an amount of expense fur greater than would be
necessary to collect and colonize them.
The Indians of New Mexico are beginning to
have some understanding and appreciation of our
power and resources, and die necessity of their
preserving peace with one another, anil with the
whiles, l'hey are generally willing to be settled
on reservations, which is essential to their pres-
ervation and welfare, as well as for the interests
and security of our frontier citizens. A favor-
able commencement has been made, and liberal
appropriations by Congress are necessary to
carry out the policy in regard to them.
The Pueblo Indians hold the tracts which they
occupy and cultivate, by gi mils from the Spanish
or Mexican Governments, and immediate steps
should bo taken to have them surveyed and set
apart from the surrounding lands. This has be-
come the more necessary in the case of the Pimos
and Maricopas Indians, since the establishment
of mail routes through their country, which will
induce and increase white settlements that may
conflict with their rights, and incite them to hos-
tility. For a brief description of the character
and situation of these peculiar and inteiesting
people, and the views of this office as to the im-
portance of protecting them from such encroach-
ments, I respectfully refer to the accompanying
copy of my report of 28th May last.
Under an act approved March;!, 1857,an agent
was appointed for the Indian's in the territory
pin chased from Mexico by the last treaty with
that Government; but, from circumstances be-
yond his control, he has not yet been able to
furnish the department with much information
in relation to them. To supply this deficiency I
submit an interesting communication upon the
subjcct from Lieutenant S. Mowry, of the Army,
who lias for some time been stationed in the coun-
try, and appears to be well informed in regard
to the character and disposition of the Indians
inhabiting it.
The Indians of the plains within the Upper Ark-
ansas and Upper Platte agencies, and embracing
the Apaches, Arapahoes,Canianches,Cheycnnes,
and Kioways, have, with the exception of the two
latter, been quiet and peacefully disposed during
the year. The Cheyennes have been m open hos-
tility, and committed many outrages, and though
they were chastised during the summer by a body
of troops under the commund of Colonel Sumner,
of the Army, it is feared that they are not yet
sufficiently subdued to expect that they will ab-
stain from further lawless acts when opportunities
offer of indulging their feelings of hostility. In
consequence of their bad conduct their pioportion
of the annuity presents sent out for them and the
other Indians of the Upper Arkansas agency was
not delivered to them. Nor should the Kioways,
who have also manifested a decidedly hostile dis-
position, have received their share; but the agent
was compelled to let them have it to prevent their
taking it by force.
To keep the tribes inhabiting and roaming
through the country on the Upper Arkansas under
proper subjection, and to protect our communi-
cation with New Mexico, it would seem to be
essential that there should be a military pest es-
tablished at some proper point in that region.
The scanty information we have in regard to
the Ind.ians of Utah is not reliable or satisfactory.
It is much to be feared that they have been tam-
pered with, and their feelings towards the United
States alienated to such an extent by the Mor-
mons that in any difficulties with the latter a large
portion of thein may be found on the side of those
enemies of our Government and laws. Such a
state of things has been apprehended by this office
for some time, as will be seen from the accom-
panying copies of reports upon the subject from
the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
your predecessor in 1855.
The superintendent for California reports that
universal peace prevails among the tribes through-
out the State, " that not a hostile sentiment is
entertained by the Indians in any portion of the
State, and a general feeling of secuiity pervades
the entire white population." He further states
that " the progress of the reservations is attended
with as great a degree of suecess as could be ex-
pected or desired by the most sanguine friend of
that system ;" that " the Indians perforin with
entire willingness all the labor required; "and that
" the progress they have made in acquiring a
knowledge of the pursuits of industry is lemarJc-
able and in the highest degree encouraging to the
friends of the system of subsisting Indians by
their own labor." Among other interesting evi-
dences of this good result, be cites the fact that
at the Nome Lakee reservation the wheat crop of
this year, consisting of over ten thousand bushels,
was entirely harvested, threshed, sucked, and
hauled to the storehouse by the Indians, attended
only by two white men as overseers.
An extreme drought has cut off the crop on the
reservations in the southern part of the State, and
additional expense may have to be incurred to
save the Indians from suffering from that cause,
which every effort is being nutde to prevent.
Five reservations in all have been established,
viz: Sebastion or Tejon, Klamath, Nome Lakee,
Mendocino, and Fresno Farm, on which about
eleven thousand two hundred and thirty-nine In-
dians have been colonized, and are in course of
being successfully trained to habits of industry.
From the representations of the superintendent,
there must be a marked difference in the habits
and condition of those who have settled on the
reservations and those who have not yet submit-
ted themselves to this beneficent plan for their
preservation and improvement. A most repre-
hensible practice has prevailed to some extent in
California of kidnapping 1 ndian children antl sell-
ing them for servants. This practice has been
confined to a few persons, and 1 am happy to say
that it has been condemned and discountenanced
by the great mass of the people. There have,
however, been some difficulties growing out of it;
but energetic measures having been adopted by
the Government to suppress it, and some of the
parties engaged m it having been convicted and
sent to the penitentiary, it is believed that there
will not be a renewal of these troubles. A large
number of claims have been presented for pay-,
ment for supplies furnished the Indian service in
California during the years 1851 and 185"2, which
have not been paid for want of appropriations,
but which have been constantly pressed oil this
office. Attention was called to this matter by
Commissioner Lea, on the 7th April, 1852, in a
communication to the Secretary of the Intenor,
in which he recommended that an appropriation
should be made to enable the Department to in-
vestigate the claims. On the 13th of the some
month, in response to a resolution of the Senate,
he renewed this recommendation, but no action
was taken by Congress in reference to it until
1854, when, by the act of 29th July of that year,
a special appropriation of ยง183,825, with interest
thereon from the 1st day of June, 1851, at the rate
of ten per centum per annum, was made to pay
John Charles Fremont, who was one of the claim-
ants; Congress having thus acknowledged the
validity of these claims. I beg lenvc to renew
the recommendation of Commissioner Lea, that
they should be investigated with a view to their
final settlement. As the matter stands at pres-
ent, some of the commissioners are charged with
large sums of money, and as they allege that they
were surrounded with such a state of affairs as
to make these expenditures necessary in order
to avert an Indian war, and that their action did
have that effect, it is proper that their conduct
should be investigated, and, if found-justifiable,
that they should be j-elieved from such heavy lia-
bilities, and have their accounts adjusted with the
Government.
I would invite special attention to the report of
the superintendent for Oregon and Washington,
from which it appears to be manifest that our re-
lations with the Indians in those Territories are
in a very critical condition, and that under the
existing state of things there is a constant liabil-
ity to a general outbreak on their part from any
disturbing cause, which must involve the expend-
iture of millions to subdue them, as well as the
most lamentable loss of life and property, by the
insufficiently protected white inhabitants. The
non-ratification of the treaties heretofore made,
to extinguish their title to the lands necessary for
the occupancy and use of our citizens, seems to
have produced no little disappointment, and the
continued extension of our settlement into their
territory, without any compensation being made
to them, is a constant source of dissatisfaction
antl hostile feeling. They are represented as being
willing to dispose of their land to the Govern-
ment, and I know of no alternative to the present
unsatisfactory and dangerous state of things but
the adoption of early measures for the extinguish-
ment of their title, and their colonization on prop-
erly located reservations, using and applying
their consideration agreed to be allowed to them
for their lands to subsist and clothe 'hem until
they can be taught and influenced to support and
sustain themselves. The losses and damage to
the Government and to the citizens resulting from
another geneial outbreak on the part of these In-
dians would, probably, fully equal, if notexceed
in amount, what would be necessary to buy out
and colonize them, so that they could be effect-
ually controlled, if not impioved and civilized.
Our settlements, as well as the friendly Indians
along Puget Sound and the waters of Admiralty
inlet, suffer materially from the predatory incur-
sions of the Indians from "Vancouver's Island, and
the other adjacent British and Russian posses-
sions. They are an enterprising, warlike race, and
generally make their expeditions by water in large
boats or canoes; some of them large enough to
carry a hundred men, which they propel with
much swiftness. To afford the necessary protec-
tion to our people from their frequent depreda-
tions, the employment of a light-draught armed
steamer m those waters, to intercept and chastise
thein, is essential.
Referring to the report of the superintendent
for the southern superintendency, who has elab-
orately and ably discussed the subject in its appli-
cation to the Indians of his district, I urgently
repeat the recommendation of my immediate pred-
ecessor, that there be an early and complete re-
vision and codification of all the laws relating to
Indian affairs, which, from lapse of time and
material changes in the location, condition, and
circumstances of the most of the tribes, have be-
come so insufficient and unsuitable as to occasion
the greatest embarrassment and difficulty in con-
ducting the business of this branch of the public
service.
All of which is respectfully submitted by your
obedient servant, J. VV. DENVER,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Report of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Pension Office, October ID, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to submit to you the
following report of the operations of this branch
of your Department for the past year. The du-
ties with which, under your supervision and direc-
tion, it is chaiged, are comprised under two general
heads, viz: pensions and bounty lands. Under
the first, it has been customary, of late years, to
confine the annual reports of its labors to the last
