1082
the congressional globe.
March 11,
certain peculiar institution. In another place., you
—      — i.. ../■ fK.-. << disasters to re-
may remember, he speaks of the
-suit, if we reject Kansas because slavery remains
in her constitution." Now,sir, this assumption
is sadly wrong. With me, and with many others,
under the circumstances, it would^ be a sufficient
reason for voting against the adoption of thatcon-
- stitiition, if there were no other. But the Pres-
ident must know, or should know, that in this
House there are those who are earnestly opposed'
to its adoption, with whom the slavery clause is
of secondary or no importance; and, sir, he ought
to know, if he does not, that all over the land
there aie thousands of men—men who were his
supporters a twelventonth ago—who care little
about slavery, but who will look upon the admis-
sion of Kansas under this constitution as an out-
rage unparalleled in all our past legislation. Does
the President wish to put Such men, holding seats
here, and the thousand's who sympathize with
them elsewhere, in a false position ?
Nor is this sentiment confined to those who
■were so lately of his political household. For
one, I am free to say that if there were no ques-
tion of negro slavery involved, I would never, by
my vote, make that instrument the constitution of
Kansas; because that involves a question to me
equally important, whether white men shall be
ro'bbed of their i ights. The free men of that Ter-
ritory have ciyst it out as an unclean thing, and that
is objection enough with me without looking at
the face of the paper. As an American citizen,
and as a Republican, while I do not hold that Con-
gress is bound to approve and adopt a constitu-
tion, regardless of its provisions, because it em-
bodies the people's will, I (Jo hold that we should
never force one upon them, for a single moment,
which they have never approved, but have em-
phatically condemned. On this latter proposition
I would not have supposed, six months ago, that
there could be adifference of opinion between men
or parties.
In this connection I am reminded of another
singular statement of the message. It is this:
« Tli° people ot Kansas have, then. Mil their own way,'
and m t-trict accordance with the organic act. Jiamed acou-
Mitution and State government  ha\ i* submitted the all ini-
poitant question ni' «laveiv to tiie people, and nave elected
a Governor, a nicmDei to repie>ont them in Corijjrejw, mem-
bers of JIM Sine Logi-iatine.andotnoi Stateofficer-?. They
now fl-K admission into the Lnioa under tins constitution,
which is republican in its form "
A btief prefix to this statement, with one slight
omission, would have added vastly to its truth-
fulness Had he commenced by saying " a meager
minority of the people of Kansas," and omitted
the phrase " 111 strict accordance with the organic
act,"he would have made a capital hit. Then it
would have read, " a meager minority of the peo-
ple of Kansas have framed a constitution, and ask
admission under it." Thus he would not have
ignored the fact, then and now notoiious in all
tTie laud, that only in the previous month, and as
the latest utterance of the ballot-boxes of that
Territory, the people had almost unanimously
repudiated this constitution. Of that fact he must
have had an unwavering conviction when he
penned his message, and yet who would suspect
it from what he says ? I am aware of his excuse,
ami will give it in his own words. He says, " 1
have yet received no official information of the
result of this election." Quite likely; and on his
own theory he probably never will; for, in the same
connection, just preceding this last quotation,
he strongly intimates that in his judgment the
whole proceeding was unofficial and unauthorized;
though he says "it was peaceably conducted tinder
his instructions." But is it so that when a mail
becomes President he loses his natural organs—
lias only official eyes and official ears, and may
not, by ordinaly channels of information, learn,
believe, and act upon an unquestioned fact? If
this is not true, then did he know and believe,
when Ins message was written, that the people
of Kansas make no such request as he attributes
to them.
Passing through this maze of old-fashioned
heiesyard new-fashioned Democracy, it is pleas-
ant to find a commendable sentiment. It is this:
" popular sovereignty should be exercised here
only through the ballot-box," and "through the
instrumentality of established law"—a general
proposition which none should deny. Republi-
cans do not controvert it. On the contrary, that
sovereignty having been conferred on the people
of Kansas by an established law, Republicans,
in that Territory and out of it, have insisted from
the beginning that they should be protected in the
.enjoyment of the right. Its violation by the raid
of March 30,1855, when the established law was
ignored, and the voice of Kansas stifled at the
ballot-box, and the continued recognition, by the
Executive avid his agents, of the usurpation then
inaugurated, have been the grand causes of the
political confusions of that Territory. It is that
usurpation, in all its ramifications, and not the
established law, that the people there have re-
sisted. I know the apology for that interference;
I say apology—for no one can pretend that it
would amount, if true, to anything lilte a justifi-
cation. It was said, and is said, that it was to
counteract the efforts of eastern aid societies and
their agents who, it was alleged, had flooded and
were flooding Kansas with emigrants, through
whose votes they sought to shape its laws and in-
stitutions. Suppose this was done. So long as
they sent there only bona fide settlers, what right,
legal or moral, did they violate? Not even to
this extent would legitimate evidence sustain the
charge; much less would it convict them of send-
ing to that Territory mere transient squatters, to
interfere with the rightsof actual residents. Why,
sir, when the Kansas-Nebiaska bill was pending
in Congress, through all the long discussion upon
it, it was a point conceded that the peculiar insti-
tution could never be established in either of those
Territories. Passing over the admissions of dis-
tinguished friends of the measure in the Senate,
I will rest the proof of this assertion upon the
language of my colleague, [Mr. English.] In a
speech made by him in favor of the bill, on the
9th day of May, 1854, housed these words:
<k I have said that m my opinion the people of these Ter-
ritories v\ ill never adopt the institution of slavery; and t
nave yet to hear a member of Congress, of either House, ex-
press a contiaiyopmion."
Sir, what was such language, in substance ut-
tered and reiterated by many from the South as
well as from the North, but an invitation and a
license to the whole North to go there and settle
and establish their own institutions? And if they
accepted the invitation, and rushed in by thou-
sands as soon as Kansas was opened to them,
what right, express or implied, was interfered
with ? Was there a law providing that emigrants
to a new Territory-should go solitary and alone,
and that no more than a given number should
enter it within a given time ? If not, then if it were
true that a million of New England emigrants
stood uponthe Kansas line and poured themselves
into it the first moment it was open to emigration,
it was no wrong to anybody.
I come back now to this charge of rebellion.
Is it well founded' To settle that question cor-
rectly we must determine one preliminary, name-
ly: what is the governing power of Kansas?
Happily, so far as the President and his support-
ers are concerned, this question is conclusively
settled by an authority which he says is the
highest known to ourlaws, and that, too, in ade-
cision which he and they most heartily approve.
Once, there was much noise and confusion about
popular sovereignty as applicable to Territories.
Once, a portion of the President's friends denied
or doubted the right of Congress to legislate for
them. Their theory seemed to be, that the people
of a Territory, like those of a State, were sover-
eign; and that Congress had not constitutional
power to interfere with that sovereignty in either
ease. The Supreme Court, in the famous Dred
Scott decision, set that to rest. They decided,in
substance, (indeed it was no new doctrine in that
court,) that Congress is the law-making power
for all our common domain; that the Federal
Government is the governing power of that do-
main. True, they said that Congress could not
interfere with a certain institution there, not be-
cause it was not the legitimate law-making au-
thority, but because that institution was above all
legislation. But equally explicit were they in the
doctrine that whatever laws maybe enacted for a
Territory, Congress may pass; whatever power
a Territorial Legislature may have, is such as
Congress gives it, and nomore. 1 hat these points
were ruled, or attempted to be ruled in that cele-
brated case, is past dispute. It follows that,
though Congress may grant to the people of a
Territory the right of self-government, only a del-
egated right is conferred, which may, at any time,
be resumed, no matter liow unconditional the
grant be on its face; for Congress cannot, if it
would, yield past reclamation, sovereignty vested
in it by the Constitution. It follows, too, that, if
Kansas has had a goyernment, it has been the
Federal Congress, or such officials—Governors,
judges, marshals, and legislators—as Congress
may have designated and authorized to act as its
agents. We all know what the fact is: Congress
provided, by an organic act, for a government
through agents, prescribing for the people of that
Territory, Governors, Secretaries, judges, and
marshals, to be appointed by the Executive, and
legislators to be chosen by themselves.
Such having been and being the legal govern-
ing power of Kansas, when, and by whom, has
it been repudiated or defied ? When have the peo-
ple there resisted the officers of Federal appoint-
ment, or denied their authority ? I do not ask for
individual acts of resistance to officials. Such
have doubtless occurred there, as they have every-
where else. But no lawyer will pretend that such
acts amount to rebellion. I go further, and ask
when have they denied the authority or resisted
the enactments of any Legislature called into being
by their voice ? Remember, sir, they were licensed
by the organic act to elect their own legislators,
and were told that thus they should freely govern
themselves. That license was at any time sub-
ject to congressional modification or recall; but so
'long as it remained, it was to them a sufficient
warrant to deny the authority and resist the en-
actments of any pretended Legislature, not chosen
, by their votes; and, though I do not profess to go
' into details, the investigations of a prior Con-
! gress sufficiently prove that only when such a
j body of pretenders was thrust upon them by
! others did they deny its authority, repudiate its
enactments, and refuse to recognize the swarms
of officers by those enactments called into being.
I have spoken of that first Legislature as a body
of pretenders. It is a borrowed phrase, sir, bor-
rowed from high Democratic authority—none
other than the State Sentinel, the central and lead-
ing organ of that party in my own State, of the
date of July 27, 1855. To avoid the charge of
plagiarist}!, I quote the article in full:
i: Kansas.—The public were infoimed, a few days since,
that the Kansas Lesislature hail changed its place of meet-
ing from Pawnee Village to Shawnee Mission. Governor
Reeder, it seems, dissents from the usurpation of power in
the case in point, and refuses to meet that incemliaiy body
at its new habitation, or to recognize its action as of legal
authority.
" Were we the Governor of Kansas, baGked by the Ad-
ministration, we would treat that body of pretenders, much
as the Long Parliament was tieated by Cromwell, and sub-
ject the outlaw leader to a test similar to that imposed on
the weak and unfortunate Charles the First. In other words,
as beheading is out of faslnon, we would hang that fellow,
Stiinfffcllow, to the fii t tree that presented the proper con-
1 venience tor a little episode of tins peculiar chaiacter."
| Of course 1 am not responsible for the person-
j alities of this editorial, and need not make them
i my own; nor would I vouch for its entire truth-
! fulness. One error is manifest. It speaks of Gov-
| ernor Reeder as being backed by the Administra-
tion, whereas he was simply backed out by it.
i But to return: I have shown that there were but
j two possible legislative bodies to whom the people
| of Kansas owed allegiance. Congress being one,
I and the other a Territorial Legislature of their own
; free choice. Congressional enactments they have
: not resisted; a Legislature of their own choosing
; they never had, prior to the one which has but
| recently adjourned. Thus is the alleged 7,-ey-nole
'< of the message disposed of. The authority of
: Federal officials has been respected, even while
! those same officials have joined with the oppres-
j sors of Kansas, in attempting to subjugate its
people. Only the power of those pretended offi-
cials, thrust upon them in shameless violation of
their pledged rights, have the people of Kansas
denied. That this has been their consistent course,
is more manifest in view of the fact that the first
Legislature of their own choice hos been respected
by them, as a legitimate Legislature should be;
and in view of the further fact that all the Demo-
cratic Governors, save one, who have been sent
to that Territory, and who went there breathing
threatenings and slaughter against these same
free-State men, speedily became such ardent sym-
pathizers with them that they were no longer fit
repositories of Executive confidence. Like Saul,
of olden time, they have all been suddenly and
marvelously converted. Only thus far, however,
