1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
docs the comparison hold good. Divine Power
struck down the persecuting Jew, that he might
be converted; Executive power struck down these
Governors because of their conversion !
It is true that acts of violence have been com-
mitted by fiee-State men in Kansas, for which
there is no apology, save the aggravation of law-
lessness, under color of law, that provoked them.
And yet the President, as I have said, utterly ig-
nores all these insults and provocations, though
they constitute a catalogue of crime such as has
disgraced no other civilized land in the nineteenth
century. He is growing old—perhaps forgetful.
I propose to jog his memory on one or two mat-
ters too significant to be overlooked; to remind
him, humble as I am, and impertinent as it may
seem, that if lie has not read the papers, the peo-
ple have: or, if he has forgotten the history of
Kansas past, there are those into whose hearts
the record has been burned too deep to be erased.
I pass over all acts of individual violence as causes
of complaint. These, on both sides, the Presi-
dent and his friends may make a matter of mu-
tual set-off; though, for the balance over, there
would be a heavy judgment against them. Still,
it is not of the greatest moment that one man was
butchered here, another hewed to pieces there, and
another shot and scalped in another placc. It is,
perhaps, of little consequence that these bloody
aeeds became cvery-day occurrences in Kansas.
Nor need we stop a moment to sympathize with
friends of the butchered dead. Assassination and
murders are not peculiar to Kansas. They have
occurred elsewh( re, and will occur again—ever
attended, too, with scores of living bleeding hearts
for every one that ceases to beat. Human life is,
after all, far less precious than the rights we live
to enjoy.
Of one or two of these transactions, viewed in
another light than as simple wrongs to persons,
I shall have something to say. As to all, let me
add that, while such enormities are comparatively
tniling, there is a fact connected with them of the
deepest significance; and that is, that all the per-
petrators of these atrocious deeds are still at large,
and unwhipped of justice. Nor to this hour has
there been an effort, which deserves the name,
on the part of the officials of that Territory, to
bring them to an account; except perhaps one on
the part of Governor Geary, which was success-
fully thwarted by judicial interference. This fact,
sir, constitutes one of the great wrongs of which
the free-State men of Kansas justly complain, and
against which (if you please to say so) they re-
volt. A murder, even if the victim be a helpless,
unoffending cripple, (as was the case of Buffum,)
or if he be scalped as by the hand of a savage,
(as was the earlier case of Hoppe,) may be too
small a matter to be remembered or noticed by
the President or his Kansas friends; but, sir,
when the officers of the law become indifferent to
even such trivial wrongs; when, by the conduct
of Governors, marshals, judges, and district attor-
neys, the community is advertised that such deeds
arc to go unpunished, that, sir, is a wrong which
he should not overlook—a wrong to the whole
community, which, m one way or another, and
in some way at all hazards, that community has
a right to lemedy. There is another fact, deserv-
ing notice at this point. During the whole time
when these wrongs were being perpetrated, all
the instrumentalities and machinery of justice
were in the hands and under the control of what
is now the Administration party. They made
the Governors, judges, marshals, and pubiic pros-
ecutors, who pretended to adminster the laws m
that Territory. With them, during all that time,
rested the power of removal; and there it rests
still. At their door, therefore, is piled up this
mountain of unavenged crimes. I commend these
facts to the consideration of the veneiable Presi-
dent, who so piteously exclaims for the return of
the good old days of " 1 cvcrcncc for law." When
he and his advisers shall have purged that Terri-
tory of all officials who overlook or wink at deeds
winch would disgrace savage haunts, will it be
time for him and them to arraign the freemen of
Kansas for doing something to protect and defend
themselves.
And now, sir, for some examples of "loyal-
ty;'' for you know the message tells us that
<kthe dividing line in Kansas has been between
those whu are loyal to this government, [the ter-
ritorial,] and those who have endeavored to de-
stroy its existence by force." Who are meant
by the latter class, we have already seen. They
are designated as the Republicans. 'Of course
the loyalists of the message are those who have
opposed these Republicans. Prom their ranks,
choosing only their burning and shining lights,
my examples shall be selected. You shall have, j
chiefly, specimens of official loyalty and respect j
I for the laws. I begin with tne judiciary, not ;
| being confined, however, exclusively to judicial '
! acts.
| Searching the history of Kansas, we find the
• chief justice of the supreme court of that Terri-
! tory an active participator in a public meeting
i held at Leavenworth on the 30th of April, 1855;
which meeting passed an order that " all persons
who should, by the expression of abolition sen-
timents, produce a disturbance to the quiet of the
citizens, or danger to their domestic institutions,
should be notified, and made to Icaeethe Territory.'7
The Kansas Herald, an Administration organ,
tells us that "the meeting was ably and elo-
quently addressed by Judge Lecompte," and
that its doings were harmonious. They appoint-
ed a committee of ten to carry out their orders.
How faithfully that committee endeavored to.
obey instructions, one William Phillips can tes-
tify. 1 mistake, sir; once he could have testified, ■
but I remember now he was afterwards shotdown j
in his own house by a band of " law and order i
men," under command of one who is an office- |
holder under the present Administration. But j
this is a digression. 1 wished to show a speci- j
men of reverence for law on the part of a judicial ;
functionary, and not to trace its consequences. j
This was no judicial act; but here is one that ,
was. It is the charge of Chief Justice Lecompte ;
to the grand jury of his court, delivered on the ,
5th day of May, 185G. It has been cited in this :
body before by my worthy colleague, [Mr. Col- !
fax,] and may be found in the National Intelli- ;
gencer for June 5, 185G. The Judge says: ;
" Gentlemen, you are assembled to consider whatever m- I
fringementb of law may come under your notice, and biuig j
in bills as your judgment may dictate against those whom 1
you may find guilty of such infringements." * * *
" Vou will take into consideration the cases of men who
arc dubbed Governors, Lieutenant Govoi nors. Secretaries,
and Treasurer, within this Territory, and will find bills in
accordance with the following instructions:
'•This Terntory was organized by an act of Congress,
and, t-o far, it* authority is from the United States. It has
a Legislature, elected in pursuance of that oisanic act.
This Legislature, being an instrument of Congre^ by which
it governs the Terntoiy, has parsed laws. The^e law?,
theiefore, are of United Sfates authority and making, and
all that re&ist these laws resist the power and authomy of :
the United States, and are therefore guilty of high tieason. !
il Now, gentlemen, if you llnd that any persons have le- !
sisted these laws then you must, under your oaths, find !
biKs against such persons for high treason. If >ou find that j
no such lesistanee has been made, but that combinations ;
have been formed for the purpose of resisting them, and in- ,
dividuals of influence and notonetv have been aiding and ;
abetting in such combinations, then must you still find bills '
for const! uctive treason, as the courts have decided that, to
constitute treason, the blow need not Le struck, but only
I the intention be made evident."
! Sir, since the day when the infamous Jeffreys
sent Algernon Sydney to the block forconstructive
treason, so monstrous a doctrine as this charge 1
enunciated, has not emanated from the bench of ^
any Christian countiy—a doctiine which would ;
i have made any man who resisted a tax-gatherer
! in Kansas, guilty of high treason! Nay, more ;
| and worse, which declared that not the act, but j
j an intent to dn the art, constituted the crime! We (
| all know the result. Scores of free-State men were ,
j indicted, arrested, and confined in jail. Jud^e ;
| Lecompte for months refusing every offer of bail. ■
; Plenty of officers coulu be found to arrest and in-.
; carcerate such men on the shortest notice. This ,
| was done on alleged indictments, which a Demo-
I cidtie Senatoi and able lawyer, [Mr, Pitgh,] pro- , j
nounccd defective, in both substance and form, i
And while this solemn mockery was going on, •
boasting assassins, with the blood stains yet upon ;
their hands, went at large and undisturbed. j
This calls up another judicial reminiscence. It i
begins with one of thechivalric deeds of the Kick- j
apoo Rangers, on the 15th September, 1S5G, which j
I must read as it is narrated m the " History of '
Governor Geary's administration in Kansas," '{
prepared by his private secretary, Dr. John H. <;
Gihon. I read from page 167 of that work : j!
'• Six men of this detachment. (Kickapoo Itaneer?.) when I
wtfhui a few miles of Lecomi'ton. halted by a field, where j1
a pooi inoffensive, lame man. named David (\ Builum, >!
was at work. They entered the lield, and after robbing hint (!
of his hoisc, one of them s-bo! him in the abdomen, from !!
which wound he soon after died. The murderer also car-
ried away a pony belonging to a young girl, the daughter of
a Mr. Thom, residing in the neighborhood. Almost imme-
diately after the commission of this wanton crime. Gov-
ernor Geary, accompanied by Judge Cato, arrived upon the
spot and found the wounded man weltering in his blood.
Although suffering the most intense agony, he was sensible
of his condition,and perfectly mindful of the circumstances
that had transpired. Judge Cato, by the direction-of the
Governor, took an affidavit of the unfortunate man's dying
declarations. Writhing in agony, the cold sweat-drops
standing upon his forehead, with his expiring breath he ex-
claimed, £ Oh, this was a most unprovoked, homd murder t
They asked ine for my horses, and I plead with them not to,
take them. I told them that I was a cripple, a poor lame
man, that I had an aged father, a deaf and dumb brother,
and two sisters, all depending on me for a living and my
horses were all I had with which to procure it. One of
them said I was a God d—d Abolitionist, and seizing me bv
the shoulder with one hand, he shot mp with a pistol that he
held in the other. I am dying ; but my blood will cry to
Heaven for vengeance, and this horrible deed will not go
unpunished-5" * * "The Governor
was affected to teais. lie had been on many a battle field,
and familiar with suffering and death, but says he < t never
witnessed a scene that filled my mind with so much horror.
There was a peculiar significance in the looks and words
of that dying man, that I never can forget: for they seemed
to teli me, that I could not rest until 1 brought his murderer
to justice, and I resolved that no means m my power
should be spared tu discover, airest, and punish the anthOr
of that most villainous butchery.' "
The Governor went to work in earnest. He
caused process to be issued, and offered a large
reward on his own account, for the arrest of the
murderer. The result was, the guilty man was
discovered, arrested, indicted for murder in the
first degree, and committed to await his trial.
The proof on which he was committed, says this
same work, " eletuly and positively established
that he left the ranks; that he was absent long
enough to commit the crimes alleged; that he was
seen to take Buffum by the shoulder with one
hand, and to shoot him with the other, calling
him, as the dying man testified, a d—d Abolition-
ist, and that he was in possession of *the stolen
horses." "What subsequently became of him
shall appear from a dispatch of Colonel H. T.
Titus to Governor Geary, which I will read:
Lecomptos, November 21,1856.
Sir: I have the honor to state that during your recent
absence-from this place, a writ of habeas corpus, issued by
Chief Justice Lecompte, was served on me, by which I was
commanded to produce the body of Charles Hays before
him, with the cause of his detainer. That in* obedience to
the writ, I caused the body of Hays to be produced before
Judge Lecompte, and returned as the cause of his -deten-
tion the finding by the grand jury of a true bill of indict-
ment against him for murder m the first degree, committed
upon the person of one David C. Buffum; together with
your warrant commanding the rearrest of said Hay?, and
his detention until Ins discharge by a jury of his country,
according to law. i have fuilhei to state that Judge Le-
compte discharged the said Hays from my custody, not-
withstanding my return, and that he is now at large.
I have the honor to remain your obedient servant,
II. T. TITUS,
His Excellency John W. Geary,
* Governor of Kansas Territory.
What a sublime spectacle of " reverence for
law!" I would do this functionary no injustice.
He had once before discharged this culprit on
habeas corpus. I know his explanation. Not a
witness on behalf of the prosecution was present
at the examination. The judge was particular to
have them " called;" but, being forty miles away,
they did not happen to hear. Witnesses were ex-
amined for the-prisoner to prove an alibi—the
stereotyped defense of villains everywhere—and
the district attorney consenting thereto, Hays was
discharged on bail I But I have nothing to do with
the judge. My business is with the Executive;
to show him how justice is administered in Kan-
sas by men who hold their offices at his will, and
can be removed whenever he says the word. Re-
member, too, that I am not now complaining of
the murder of Buffum; but of that greater wrong
done to community, when the criminal was dis-
charged, unpunished and untried, by the very
tribunal which should have exerted itself, as a
matter of justice, to send him to the gallows.
As specimen chapters from the judi :ial history
of Kansas, these must suffice. If we look, now,
to the acts of ministerial officers in that Territory,
we shall find that they were sometimes marvel-
ously thorough. I have before me two accounts
of one transaction, strikingly illustrative of the
zeal with which they proved their loyalty and
reverence for law. These accounts I may pub-
lish, though they are too long to be read now.
They are from the Lecompton Union and St.
Louis Republican, both then administration or-
gans, and gave the Democratic version of what is
