108 *
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 11,
known among the rebels as " the sacking of Law-
rence," on the 20th day of May, 1856.
You may remember, Mr. Chairman, the out-
lines of that patriotic demonstration. The mar-
shal had been there to execute a writ. It is said
that the person to be arrested resisted. The mar-
shal taking this to be the act of the whole town,
summoned the rest of mankind to assist him. The
people of Lawrence, astonished at his proclama-
tion, assembled en masse, and by unanimous re-
solves informed the officer of his mistake; that
they were ready to assist him in the execution of
all legal process, and that they only awaited an
opportunity to testify their fidelity to the laws of
the country, the Constitution, and the Union.
The marshal did not believe them. The posse had
been called, and to the number of eight hundred,
armed with muskets, rifles, swords, and cannon,
they came. He made his arrests, no one resist-
ing him, and dismissed the posse. They were im-
mediately resummoned to the assistance of Sheriff
Jones. What they did under his chivalric lead,
must be told in the words of these Democratic
organs.
The editor of the Union, who was one of the
posse, and writes his narrative in camp, says:
" Jones had a great many writs in his hands, but could
find no one against whom lie held them. He also had an
order 1'iom the court to demand the surrender of their ann J,
field and side, and the demolition of the two piessesand the
free-State hotel as nuisances. The amis were immediately
demanded and surrendered, but very few could be lound-
four pieces 01' cannon, one two-pound howitzer, and four
) 1 niiindi' n fntxr SSlm mo 'c i W hf>T1 thfiv aOTP.ftfl
to sunender, our men were marched down in front of the
town, and one cannon planted upon their own battlements.
Over the laigest piece, commanding the. Emigrant Aid Ho-
tel, was unfurled the stars and stripes, with this motto:
" < Yon Yankees tremble,
And Abolitionists fall,
Our motto is
Southern rights to all.'
" The cannon were then brought out and thrown down in
front of our lines. During this time appeals were made to
Sheriff Jones to save the Aid Soeieiy's hotel. Tins news
reached the company's eais, and was received with one
universal cry of' No, no, blow it up! blow it up ! We will
not mjui o private property; but our motto is, Destiuction to
everything belonging to the Aid Society. The court has
declared it a nuisance, and we will destioy it.f
" About tins time, a banner was seen fluttering in the
breeze over the orhce of the Herald of Freedom. Its color
was blood red, witli a lone star in the center, and South
Carolina above. Tins banner was placed tlieie by the Caro-
linians—Messrs. Wright and a Mr. Cross. The effect was
tremendous. One tiemeudous and long-continued shout
burst fiom the ranks. Thus floated in triumph the banner
of South Carolina—that single white star, so emblematic of
lier course in the early history of our sectional disturbances.
"When every southern State stood almost upon the verge of
eedmgtheirdearestrights to the North. SouthCarohna stood
Jjoldly out, the firm and unwavering advocate of southern
institutions.
" Thus floated victoriously the first hanner of southern
rights over the abolition town of Lawrence, unfurled by the
noble sons of Caiolina, and every whip of its folds seemed
a death stioke to Beecher piopagandism and the fanatics
of the East. Oh that its red folds could have been seen by
every southern eve !
" Mr. Jones listened to the many entreaties, and finally
replied that it was beyond hi<* power to do anything, and
gave the occupants so long to remove all private property
Irom it. He oidered two companies into each printingofhec
to destroy the press. Both presses were bioken up and
thrown into the streets—the type thrown m the river, and
all the material belonging to each office destioyed. After
tins was accomplished, and the private property removed
fruin the hotel by the different companies, the cannon were
brought in front of the house, and directed their destructive
blows upon the walls; the building caught on file, and soon
its walls came with a crash to the giound. Thus fell the
abolition fortress, and we hope this will teach the Aid So-
ciety a good lesson for the future."
The account from the Republican is also so
striking in some of its state/nents, that I must
trouble the committee with one or two extracts.
That paper says:
" As soon as the deputy [marshal] andjjosse returned with
the prisoners, the troops were dismissed by Colonel Adie,
acting lor Major Donaldson, and were immediately sum-
moned by him, for Sheriff Jones, to assist in carrying out an
order oj the United Statei court. The Emigrant Aid hotel
and the two printing offices {the Herald of Freedom and
Free State) had been indicted [not tried, convicted, or
sentenced, maik you,] for being nuisances, and the sheriff
ordered to remove them."
Giving a statement of the demand and surren-
der of the arms of the free-State men, and of the
notice given by the sheriff to the host of the hotel
to remove his furniture within two hours, which
I pass over, the account proceeds:
" Meanwhile the sheriff proceeded to demolish the two
printing presses, winch was effectually done in a very short
lime. Mostof the type was thrown into Kansas river, and
the cases and piesscs smashed. This was done vviril less
excitement than could have been expected. Indeed, few
excesses were committed. Private property was ordered to
be respected, and it was respected. Therewas no liquor in
the ranks, and that accounts for the coolness of our citizen
soldiers. It is true that Robinson's house was burned; but
that was contrary to express orders." * * * *
" At the expiration of two hours, the artillery was drawn up
in front of the public entrance of the hotel, and a dozen or
fifteen shots fired into it, completely riddliuir the inside and
breaking holes in the walls; and, after shaking the walls
with two or three blasts, the structure was fired; and before
the sun went down, all that remained of the Aid hotel was
a sohtarv wall, holding itself up as a warning to law-break-
ers, and seeming to say,' look at me and beware !' "
Mark, sir, the peculiarities of this new mode
of executing process. It was not a mere mob—a
gathering of professed marauders in defiance of
legal restraints and legal authorities; but, sir, it
was professedly the instrumentof the law—sum-
moned, organized, directed, and disbanded by offi-
cials— Federal officials, too, Mr. Chairman, the
agents of the then Administration; for, as I have
already shown, every territorial official is only a
Federal agent. See, too, what exemplary, tho-
rough agents the Administration had there to do
their deeds of burning patriotism. They were not
rowdies, not drunken either, but citizen soldiers,
cool and sober, under civil orders, and strictly
obeying. True, they were ordered not to burn a
certain house, and did it; but that was only a
trifle when we consider how completely they vin-
dicated the authorities, leaving only one smoked
and blackened wall to say to all lawbreakers,
" look at me, and beware!" It was a thorough
job, sir, which left only that dumb yet speaking
monument of its completeness!
Sir, the President, about that time, was, I be-
lieve, in this country, and therefore his knowledge
of this transaction may fairly be presumed. Does
any friend of his remember that, in view of it, he
wrung his hands, and cried out in the words of
the beautiful apostrophe in his message: " "Would
that the respect for the laws of the land which so
eminently distinguished the men of the past gen-
eration could be revived ?" Or was he as dumb
then as he is now as to all wrongs committed by
his " law-and-order" men in Kansas?
Observe, again, this was no ordinary mob. If
l it were, I would pass it unnoticed; for mobs, dis-
graceful and destructive mobs, are not peculiar
to Kansas. It was legalized lawlessness—a speci-
men of that execution of the laws to which, ac-
cording to the tone of the message, the freemen of
Kansas were bound to submit. Viewed in this
light, it becomes an enormity of the deepest dye.
I need not say, in the presence of the lawyers of
this House, that property, indicted as a nuisance,
is not, by any law, to be destroyed without a trial
of the question of fact.
Once more, and only once, I return to the mes-
sage. On the 1st day of December, 1857, acting
Governor Stanton summoned the Territorial Le-
gislature to convene on the 7th of that month.
Looking into a dispatch of his, contained in the
message, we learn that he deemed tins course ne-
cessary to preserve the peace of the Territory.
Turn now to the letter of the Secretary of State
to General Denver, of the date of December 11,
, and, strange to say, you will find that for this
S very act Governor Stanton was removed from
office ! Will it be replied, the President did not
know his motive in convening the Legislature ?
The answer is ready. He could have waited until
he learned it. There was no necessity for such
hot haste.
Sir, I have done with the sickening record. The
message has gone to the country. Let it go. I
shall ask my constituents to read it. I hope it will
be read by every voter in the land; and when next
the people in the North utter their voice at the
ballot-box, my word for it, sir, they will pro-
, nounce a verdict upon its author similar to that
, long since pronounced by posterity on those who
libeled the patriots of revolutionary times.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Virginia
will give way, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. BOYCE. I have a few remarks to submit
to the committee; and if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will yield me the floor I will submit them
this evening. I will not occupy more than fifteen
minutes.
Mr. REAGAN. I must object to any farming
out of the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. If I yield the floor, the time
occupied by the gentleman from South Carolina
will be deducted from my hour.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia?
There was no objection.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr..Chairman, I consider the
question of coercing the Mormons of Utah, in-
volved in the bill to increase the Army, as one
of the gravest nature. This singular people, the
wonder and the opprobrium of the age, have es-
tablished themselves in the heart of this continent,
at a vast distance from the civilized world, and
separated from it byvast deserts and mountains.
Their voluntary exodus from the Christian world,
their selection of the great central basin for the
seat of their power, their peculiar system of reli-
gion, their domestic institutions, so opposed to
the spirit of the age, their singular unanimity of
action—all excite our astonishment. Whatever
else we may think, there is one thing we must all
perceive, that they are actuated by the fiercest
fanaticism. They are, what we have not recently
seen in the civilized world, an entire community
of fanatics. It has been apprehended, from their
first development in Utah, that we would have
trouble with them, and the apprehension is now
being realized. Mr. Fillmore has been a good
deal censured for permitting their great leader,
Brigham Young, to act as Governor of the. Ter-
ritory. This was not the wish of Mr. Fillmore;
hut the result of a supposed political necessity.
Perhaps it would have been wiser to have met
the question then, for it has only been postponed,
and conies up for a solution now, when they are
far stronger than they were then. The same con-
siderations of political necessity acting on Mr.
Fillmore acted also on Mr. Pierce, and Brigham
Young was permitted to remain in office as Gov-
ernor. The public mind of the United States,
during the administration of Mr. Pierce, seemed
to become fixed in opposition to the retention of
Brigham Young in power by the Federal Govern-
ment. One of the political parties of the coun-
try, in the recent presidential election, made op-
position to the Mormons one of the planks in their
political platform. Influenced, perhaps, in some
degree, by the laudable desire of meeting the
wishes of the country, and, also, I have no doubt,
upon general views ef public policy, the present
Administration determined to supersede Brigham
Young as Governor, and appointed Mr. Cum-
ming to the position, a gentleman well fitted for
the place.
During the period that Brigham Young had
been allowed to act as Governor, though we had
some cause of complaint, yet there was no general
revolt against the authority of the United States.
Having things pretty much their own way, the
Mormons seemed formally to submit to our au-
thority. Individual Gentiles complained of bad
treatment; some of the Government officials in
the Territory also complained; but a formal obe-
dience was kept up. The emigrant trains to Cal-
ifornia passed through Utah, as a general rule,
undisturbed. But recently matters have changed.
The effort upon the part of our Government to
put Governor Cumtning in authority has been
resisted by force, and we appear to be on the
eve of a war with the Mormons. A portion of
the army, with Governor Cumming, are in the
mountains of Utah waiting for reinforcements
with which to begin their march, and put the
question to the arbitrament of the sword. This
is a sad spectacle in a Republic, and demands our
serious consideration.
The question is before us now, what shall we
do with the Mormons? We must decide upon it;
we cannot postpone it if we would. Fortunately,
it is a question with which nothing of sectional-
ism mingles. The laws of Utah, it is true, rec-
ognize and provide for slavery, but there are no
slaves there. Utah, while it is technically a slave
community, is actually a free community. The
President of the United States has simply under-
taken to perform his duty in seeing that the laws
are executed in Utah. He has no power to insti-
tute a polisy, though he may suggest one; he can
only enforce the laws as they exist. It is for
Congress to determine the policy to be pursued
in reference to these people. Whatever that policy
may be, 1 have no doubt the President will carry
it out,as far as it depends upon him, and is pos-
I sible.
War, even with aforeign nation, is a grave mat
| ter; not to be gone into inconsiderately. But do-
i mestic war, war upon a portion of our own people,
