1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
even if they be fanatics, madmen, fools, rebels,
traitors, is a matter of far graver importance. The
genius of our Government in ifs internal relations,
is peace. It is presumed that the laws will enforce
themselves; that the people will submit to the
laws. Though force is not excluded from our
system, yet it is considered a sad alternative, only
to be resorted to in the last extremity. Such a
condition of affairs as exists in Utah was, I appre-
hend, never considered as possible by the framers
of the Constitution. That a whole people should
nse in arms and defy the central Government in
the exercise of its undoubted authority, without
even a plausible pretext, never entered into their
minds. They had no conception that an Amer-
ican Mohammed would rise up in the United States
in the middle of the nineteenth century and pro-
mulgate a new dispensation, ma de u p of Christian-
ity and Oriental sensuality, which should fasci-
nate multitudes, and establish a distinct nationality
in the bosom of the Rocky Mountains. The con-
dition of Utah, then, is one which, while it has no
precedent in our history, will, I trust, for the sake
of humanity, have no imitation.
Before we undertake to determine what we should
do in reference to the Mormons, it is necessary that
we should understand precisely what we wish to
accomplish, the benefit to be attained, or the evil
to be averted. Utah is settled almost exclusively
by Mormons; there is scarcely a handful of Gen-
tiles—as those are called who do not adopt their
faith—there. So far as good government, order,
and#bedience to law is concerned in Utah among
the Mormons, it is a matter of very small im-
portance to us, except from the general desire we
have that even the Mormons should prosper.
But as that region of country is not now wanted
for settlement by our citizens generally other than
Mormons, and is not likely to be wanted for an
indefinite period, wo would have no special mo-
tive to exert our power to restore order, so far as
the interests of the inhabitants of that region may
be concerned. If,therefore, Utah, instead of be-
ing in the center of the continent, on the high-
way of our emigration to the Pacific, were in
some other portion of our dominion not traversed
by emigrants, we might feel under no necessity
to concern ourselves about their proceedings, no
more than wc do about remote tribes of Indians.
But the local position of Utah, the fact that our
great emigration irains to the Pacific coast must
necessarily pass through Utah, or mako a con-
siderable detour to the north or the south, invests
the condition of affairs in Utah with great prac-
tical importance to us. So far as the people of
Utah are concerned, we might, without loss to
ourselves, abandon them to their own anarchy or
madness. The only practical aspect of the case
of immediate interest is the necessity we aie
under of preserving undisturbed our communica-
tions through the middle route to our Pacific pos-
sessions. It seems to mo that this is the extent
of our present practical merest in ihe question.
If all Utah were to transform itself into Pande-
monium, it would not materially affect us, pro-
vided our communications were left undisturbed.
"While we should, of course, desire to see order
in Utah, yet no degree of disorder would at all
disturb us, except in the single matter of having
our communications disturbed. This is, I think,
fairly stating the extent of the present practical
interest we have in the Utah question; it is to
continue the central route, open and undisturbed,
to the Pacific.
There are two modes of solving the Moimon
question—first, by peaceful means', sccond, by
force. There can be no doubt that the first mode
is infinitely the best, if it can be made efficacious.
The peaceful mode is more congenial to the spirit
of our institutions. Our Government is, and should
be, reluctant to draw the sword against any por-
tion ot the people. It is dangerous to inaugurate
the reign of the sword in our Republic. The groat
leading idea upon which our Government pro-
ceeds is that all government rests on th^ consent
of the governed. Whilston the one hand we have
not been able entirely to ignore the sword in en-
forcing the laws, yet we should be very caieful
not to proeecd to this fatal extremity except under
the most imperative necessity. The Spanish Re-
publics on this continent could never settle any
dispute without the sword. The icsult is ihey
are all dying out fi on ihe fa Vl e tret Is uf their own
violence. Per my part, I shall bo sorry to see a
question involving the fate of so large a portion
of our population as this Utah question, incapable
of any other solution than civil war. We have
had two rebellions in our history; the first, Shay's
rebellion in Massachusetts during the Confedera-
tion, and the Whisky Insurrection in Pennsylva-
nia, since the formation of the existing Constitu-
tion. In both of these instances order was finally
restored without the effusion of blood. Massa-
chusetts, by a course of singular prudence and
firmness, succeeded in subjugating their rebels
without a battle, though hostile armies were ac-
tually in the field.
It became the duty of General W ashington, the
then President, to deal with the Pennsylvania in-
surgents. In reading the history of that period,
we are struck with the forbearance with which
Washington treated the insurgents. He sent
commissioners to remonstrate with thc-m; and
exerted every possible means to solve the diffi-
culty by a peaceful solution. When all peaceful
means seemed to have failed, he displayed a strong
military force, and advanced against the insur-
gents with the power of the Government, still ten-
dering peace. The result justified the wisdom of
Washington. The supremacy of the law was
established without bloodshed. General Wash-
ington was a man of profound wisdom; though it
was an easy matter for the Government to beat
down the rebellion, and extinguish it in the blood
of the insurgents^ yet he knew that the Govern-
ment could not strike any portion of the people
without wounding itself. The same e:rave con-
sideration which made General Washington re-
luctant to shed the blood of misguided men in
Pennsylvania, makes me anxious, if possible, to
avoid the calamity in Utah. I am unwilling, if
it can possibly be avoided, to put a whole com-
munity of our people to the sword, great as their
errors or their crimes may be. It is a dangerous
precedent. I would avoid it if possible. I fear
its consequences.
Peaceful solution costs nothing; whereas war
will entail an expenditure of the most astonishing
amount. It will be the most expensive military
expedition, to the force employed, ever seton foot
in modern times. Utah is eleven hundred miles
from the Missouri; a land passage through an
uncultivated wilderness; a portion of the way
through deserts and difficult mountains Subsist-
ence will have to be carried by wagons from the
Missouri; even the animals with the army cannot
bo sustained at all seasons along the route by the
native grasses. The expedition of Napoleon to
Moscow has been looked upon as a great folly.
Yet Moscow was only five hundred miles from
Napoleon's supplies in Poland. It will take tons
of gold to support our troops in Utah. The ex-
pense of the army there will, I believe, amount to
$3)000 per man for the year. The Seminole war
cost something in the neighborhood of one hun-
dred million dollars. The Seminole war was a war
with a few hundred savages, in a country easily
approachable by sea, and to which supplies could
be readily carried. A war with the Mormons will
have to be carried on at a vast distance from our
supplies, eleven hundred miles, against a people
mad with fanaticism, and able to bring ten thou-
sand fighting men into the field. It is tiue, the
Mormons have not the swamps of Florida; but
they have the mountains aod boundless plains,
and vast desert steppes of Utah. To prosecute
successfully the wsr in Utah will require an ex-
penditure absolutely astounding. I say. then,
that the peaceful adjustment of this difficulty is a
great economy.
The peaceful mode ofsolvingthe Mormon ques-
tion is the most conformable to humanity. jNo
one wishes to shed the blood of this misguided
people. However great may be their enois or
their crimes, they are still a portion of our people,
entitled to our protection and £ood offices. To
devastate their country and shrd their blood can-
not but be a most painful alternative. A govern-
ment glorifies itself on the victories gained by its
armies over a foreign foe; it regrets those gained
over its own people. It erects triumphal arches
to perpetuate tin1 mr-moiy of the fir.-t; it drov. s a
vail of oblivion over the scconil. V/hr,n wc con-
sider the infinite mis*. res we shall inlli:: upr.iulio
people of Utah by an offensive war, e cannot but
(Jcploic the necessity, and, i? possible, endeavor
to avoid it. If we could punish th* guilty loaders
alone, n would be well enough; but we cannot
reach them, except by destroying a vast number
of their misguided followers. As a matter of hu-
manity, then, we should be glad to escape from
the necessity of making war upon this people. -
The peaceful solution of the question, besides
the advantages I have already mentioned, is also
by far the most efficacious. If we can restore or-
der inUtah without bloodshed, then we will have
accomplished all we desire. Law and order will
reign there; we will have avoided all the evils and
sacrifices of war, and secured the object we have
in view; the iebellion will have ceased to exist,
and our communications will be open and undis-
turbed to the Pacific. It is evident, then, that the
peaceful solution of the question is the best, if it
be possible. The material question, then, in this
regard, is, whether this peaceful solution be pos-
sible? If it be possible, we should resort to it.
Now, is it possible? This can never be known
until the experiment is fairly made. I am not
!! sanguine that it would succeed, but still i do not
!: see why it should not; at any rate it is worrh while
to make the effort. One advantage of this mode
is, that if you try it, and fail, then force is still
open to you. Whereas, if you try force first, and
fail, in vain will you resort to negotiation; force
failing, you have no other resource but acquies-
cence in defeat.
Mankind are usually controlled by their inter-
ests. The Mormons are scarcely exempt from
the operation of this universal principle. It is
clearly their interest to adjust their difficulties
with this Government peacefully. They cannot
but realize the fact, that if we exert our power
against them we must drive them before us, de-
stroy their cities, and inflict a multitude of evils
upon them. Besides even the injuries we may
inflict upon them by actual war in their country,
wc can subject ihem to great inconvenience, by
cutting off all trade with them, thus interrupting
the supply of many articles of prime necessity.
Furthermore, the corner-stone of their policy is
addition to their power by foreign immigration,
which we can entirely cut off from them. Besides,
our annual appropriations for their territorial
government is a very convenient addition to their
income. From these considerations, and others
which will naturally suggest themselves, it is
clearly the interest of the Mormons to listen to
leason, especially when that reason is backed by
the great power of our Government. 1 think,
therefore, the prospect of succc&s is sufficiently
gteat to induce us to resort to negotiations with
this people. The wisdom of resorting to pacific
measures first is sustained by another view of the
case. Brigham Young has "impressed ihe Mor-
mons with the idea that this Government wishes
to interfere with their religion, to punish th«*m for
their polygamy, and generally to crush and de-
stroy them. I have no idea that Brieham Young
believes any such thing; but it is his policy to
have it believed by his people. It is our policy to
disabuse the people of this false impression. This
false idea is a tower of strength for Brigham
Young. Let us so act as to overthrow this tower.
If we can remove this impression from the pop-
ular mind in Utah, Brigham Young will be shorn
of a large portion of his strength. The people of
Utah may proceed to the most desperate extrem-
ities if ihey believe that our purpose is to destroy
them, that we are naturally hostile to them, and
are seizing upon pretexts to subjugate them. Let
us pursue such a line of policy as will circumvent
the policy of Brigham Young. Brigham Young
wishes us to manifest nothing but the most set-
tled hostility to the Mormons, in order to consol-
idate his power over them. Let us do exactly the
thing he does not wish us to do. Let us <;o to the
utmost verge of moderation, Ictus manifest our
intentions of pcace, of kiadncsa, and generosity,
in the most unmistakable manner to th-'so people;
let us, befoie a sun is fired, gain a moral victory
over Brigham Younr:. That nigral victory may
suneis.-de tin1 r.ectSMty of rescuing to force. If
it does not accomplish that much, it will weaken
the £i\tsp of the Mormon hand upon the sword,
and cannot but operate favorably to us in the prog-
ress. of the stiusrgle. The Mormons can only be
htimukitr d to the resistance of desperation by ha\-
1U2" tneir minds poisoned as to the puiposesof
this Government. A resort to a peaceful policy
\vn! be the most effectual way of counteracting
the diseased condition of the public mind in Utah.
It has been forcibly said, that41 the pen is mightier
