1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
would doubtless obviate the objection to the pres-
ent location, but none so central and convenient
could be found. The cost of a summer residence
for the President would be inconsiderable in com-
parison with the object desired to be attained.
The frequent and heavy rains with which the
city has been visited during the past summer oper-
ated very much to retard work of every descrip-
tion. There were often days together when noth-
ing could be done, either from the constant fall of
rain or from its effect upon materials which ren-
dered them unfit to be worked. The out-door
works, such as grading streets and publicgrounds,
were very much damaged by the rains, which
added considerably to their cost. Since the weather
has become more settled, the various works in
progess have been urged forward with the utmost
speed consistent with a due regard to stability,
and much more has been accomplished than could
reasonably have been anticipated from the unfa-
vorable circumstances that attended the greater
portion of the working season.
The following works, which were stated in my
last report to be then in progress, have been fin-
ished, viz: the repairs, improvements, and exten-
sion of the seed-room and green-house in the bo-
tanic garden; the grading and improvement of the
mall, between Twelfth and Fourteenth streets;
the trapping of the mouths of the sewers on Penn-
sylvania avenue; the extension of the culvert on
•Indiana avenue, and the alteration of the District
court-room. In regard to the sewer traps, it af-
fords me pleasure to inform you that they answer
the purpose admirably for which they were in-
tended. Before they were constructed, the offen-
sive odor that arose from the sewers was a con-
stant source of complaint, but now not the slightest
unpleasant smell escapes from them. The traps
ought to be frequently cleaned out, and especially
as there is no ordinance of the city to prevent the
litter of the stores, such as paper, straw, and the
like, from being swept into the gutters, which is
soon floated by the slightest stream of water into
the cylinders of the traps, and collecting and be-
coming impacted prevents the water from flowing
freely through them. A very small appropriation
would keep them unobstructed.
An addition to the green-house in the botanic
garden has been erected in conformity with the
adopted plan of the building, and is supplied with
water from the Capitol, in pipes, as provided for
by an appropriation of the last session of Con-
gress. Two additional propagating houses have
also been built.
A lot was purchased last fall on which to erect
an engine-house for the Franklin Fire Company,
but possession could not be obtained until the
spring. A large, commodious, and substantial
building has been reared upon it, which, in a few
days, will be turned over to the company.
New Jersey avenue has been graded and grav-
eled from D to I streets, and the curb set and the
gutter paved on the west side of it. From I street
to New York avenue it has been graded, and fifty
feet in the center graveled. It will be necessary
to curb and gutter the whole length of the avenue,
on both sides, to prevent its being washed by the
rains. This was not included in the estimate
submitted to Congiess. More than was contem-
plated has been accomplished by the appropria-
tion.
The work for continuing the improvement of
the mall is now progressing rapidly in that por-
tion of it on which the armory is situated, I am
in hopes of having the grading finished by the
termination of the working season. The plan
that has been adopted harmonizes with the object
for which the armory was erected, and will doubt-
less add very much to the appearance of the mall,
which is destined to be one of the most interesting
features in the plan of the city.
The footway on the south side of Lafayette
square has been taken up, under-drained, and re-
laid. Lamp-posts and lamps have been sol upon
the three sides of the square which have not been
heretofore lighted, and they show the square to
gieat advantage. As an evidence of the favor in
which Lafayette square is held by the public, it
is only necessary to direetattention to the crowds
that visit it on every fair evening.
All the footways across Pennsylvania avenue,
winch were very much broken^ and in many of
them whole pieces of the flagging were removed,
have been repaired. Workmen have been for
some time and are still engaged in repairing the
carriage-way. It is difficult to keep the avenue
in good condition, as the cobble-stones of which
it is paved are easily started from their beds by
the momentum of the heavy vehicles that run
over them.
Congress at the last session made an appropri-
ation of $5,000 for repavmg Pennsylvania avenue,
at the intersection of Seventh street, on the plan
known as " Belgian pavement,"and one thousand
square yards of the avenue have been paved with
that description of pavement, at an expense of five
dollars per yard. It was intended as an exper-
iment. The part of the avenue selected subjected
the experiment to the severest test, as it is more
traveled over by heavy vehicles than any other
portion of the avenue or any other street. The
pavement was laid in June, and up to the present
time it remains firm and compact, and I have not
the slightest doubt of its durability. It is claimed
for the Belgian pavement that it is as durable as
any other, and possesses great advantages over
all others. The Russ pavement in New York
is said to have proved a failure; it soon wears
smooth, and becomes so slippery that horses in
traveling upon it frequently fall, and in wet wea-
ther they can scarcely be kept upon their feet
with evei y possible care. The Russ pavement is
laid upon a concrete bottom, which prevents any
drainage except such as is conveyed off by the
gutters, and the consequence is, the evaporation
from the surface frequently occasions very offen-
sive effluvia. Anothergreatobjection to ihelluss
pavement is the difficulty of removing it, when
necessary to open it for laying pipe or other pur-
poses, and the still greater difficulty of replacing
It in anything like the condition in which it was
before disturbed.
Iron pavements are represented to be very in-
jurious to the foctof horses. They are dusty in
dry and dirty in wet weather, owing to the space
between the prongs being filled with earth. I
understand that it is necessary to file them fre-
quently.
None of the objections that exist against the
Russ and iron pavements can be urged against
the Belgian pavement. The rock of which it is
contructed is broken in size adapted to the feet of
horses, which affords them a firm foot-hold with-
out injury, and does not wear smooth. It is laid
in sand, can easily be removed and readjusted
when necessary to open the street, is thoroughly
drained, free from everything offensive, and per-
fectly clean. So far as my information extends,
I believe it is much cheaper than either the Russ
or iron pavements. If it should be determined to
rcpave Pennsylvania avenue, I do not think as
good a pavement could be selected for the pur-
pose as the Belgian.
The flagging of the main entrance to the Con-
giessional burying ground has been finished as
far as the Government vault. The estimate was
made for flagging the whole avenue, but by some
inadvertence in wording the appropriation it was
made to stop at the vault. Doubtless Congress
will rectify the mistake by authorizing the bal-
ance of the appropriation to be applied m extend-
ing the flagging the whole length of the avenue,
as was originally intended.
The appropriation for erecting a bridge across
the canal in a line with Maine avenue, haw not been
used, as the language of the appropriation requires
a double track to be made, which would seem to
indicate that it was a bridge intended to be for the
accommodation of carriages and other vehicles.
The canal forms the eastern terminus of Maine
avenue, and as Canal street is only forty feet
wide, a sufficient elevation could not be given to
the bridge to allow of the passage of boats under,
and of vehicles over it. The appreciation might
be usefully applied to the erection ofa foot bridge,
and I incline strongly to the opinion that Con-
gress intended it for that purpose, as the slightest
examination of the location will render it obvi-
ous that no other description of bridge is practi-
cable.
The central avenue in the botanic garden, and
the walks leading from it to Maine and Missouri
avenues, will be paved with flagging, as provided
for by an appropriation of tho last session of
| Congress, on or before the first of next month,
i unless prevented by unfaverable weather or some
S disappointment not now anticipated.
The injury sustained by the Potomac bridge
from the tremendous and unusual flood of ice at
the breaking up of the last winter, was welLmgh
putting an end to that means of communication
between the two shores. Several sections were
swept away entirely, and most of what was left
was so much damaged that it was a matter of sur-
prise the whole had not been carried off. The in ter-
ruption of this medium of intercourse between the
District and Virginia shores was immediately felt
in the markets of the city by a diminution of sup-
plies and an enhancement of prices. The difficulty
and expense of reaching the city through other
channels of communication not only deprived the
producers, who have to cross the river, of the ben-
efitof the increased price of products, but actually
reduced the profits on the products of their labor so
low as scarcely to make it an object for them to come
to market. This state of things was regarded by
the citizens of Washington and Alexandria county
as a great grievance, and they earnestly appended
to you to remedy it, by directing me to use such
means as might be applicable to the object for the
immediate roestablishmcnt of travel across the
bridge, in view of the action of Congress at the'
last session, which was fully apprised of the con-
dition of the bridge and failed to make an appro-
priation for the reconstruction of the portion that,
had been carried away, and of the doubt that was
! entertained as to the sufficiency of the usual ap-
propriation for casual repairs to place it in any-
thing like a safe and permanent traveling condi-
tion, you decided that it would not be advisable
m me to attempt to repair it in its then conditio^.
The Corporation of Washington, finding that
the Government would not undertake to repair
the bridge, and yielding to the demands of public
sentiment, made an appropriation to reconstruct
it, at least so far as to reestablish communication
between the shores, to be expended under the
direction of the Mayor and a committee of one
member from each hoard of the city councils.
The breaches in the bridge were accordingly
closed, and other portions of the structure strength-
ened, so as to allow of the usual travel over it. I
did not consider it my duty to interpose any ob-
stacle to the accomplishment of the object the
corporation had m view, and therefore made no
attempt to arrest the work; but as soon as tile
bridge was thrown open to public travel, and I
was notified by the Mayor that he had withdrawn
his workmen, it then became necessary for mo
to resume charge ofit,and to make such additional
repairs as were deemed impoitunt to render it
perfectly safe.
Congress, at the last session, refused to make
the usual appropriation for paying the draw-
keepers of the bridge, which imposed upon me.
the necessity of assuming the responsibility of
employing them, as otherwise the navigation of
the river above the bridge would have been closed
to vessels destined for the port of Georgetown and
that portion of the canal that passes through t!\e
city. The great inconvenience and loss which
the public suffered from the interruption of travel
over the bridge demonstrates the importance of
keeping up the present structure until a new
bridge shall have been erected.
The Navy-Yard bridge was also very much
injured by ice, which has been repaired jn as sub-
stantial a manner as it would admit of, having
been originally built of bad matt rials, and in a
very slight manner. The bridge requires new
piles from one end to the other, as there is scarcely
a sound one m the whole fabric. Then; arc two
short roads connected with this bridge, which
were made by the company from which the Gov-
ernment purchased if, and they were a part of the
appurtenanccs of the bridgv. For several years
after the purchase, they were kept in repair by
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and the
expense was paid out of the appropriation for the
repairs of bridges. It was, however, a few years
since decided that no part of the appropriation
could be applied for that purpose, and that it must
be confined to objects within the plain meaning
of its language. The levy court of the county
declined exercising jurisdiction over the roads, as
they belong to the Government; and the conse-
