2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he is able to
inform the House which two of the three gentle-
men certified had the highest number of votes?
My judgment is, that, inasmuch as but two mem-
bers are held to be legally elected, it must be the
two who had the highest number of votes; and
the election must be treated as having been an
election in which there were but two candidates
to be elected, and the two having the highest num-
ber of votes were elected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I can answer the gentleman
by a reference to the certificate, which says, if I
recollect aright, that these gentlemen had the
highest number of votes
Mr. STANTON. Not at all. It says they had
a majority.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania yield to me a mo-
ment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to these
interruptions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can give
the gentleman from Ohio the information he de-
sires. I have here the vote at the election.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to these
interruptions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Becker,
the man who does not present his certificate here,
received the highest number of votes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. All I know, and all that the
House has a right to know, is what I obtain from
these credentials. What right has the gentle-
man to rise in his seat and assert a state of facts
of which he has no certain knowledge, and about
which he is liable to be contradicted by any one
else? Must not we have some fixed rule of pro-
ceeding ? Do we not know that some years ago
there was great agitation throughout the whole
country, because the broad seal of a State—a
State whose broad seal was no better, in point of
merit and value, than is the broad seal of this
State, as I will show in a moment—was disre-
garded. The State of Minnesota has been ad-
mitted into the Union. Ilere is her constitution,
which directs that the returns shall be made and
certified exactly as they have boon, by the terri-
torial Governor. The two members to which she
is entitled, come here and present credentials such
as most gentlemen here have themselves pre-
sented, though I tell gentlemen that I presented
none, for my State furnished her members with
none.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. Docs thegentleman
say that Samuel Medary is Governor of the State
of Minnesota ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I know that when he gave
these certificates, he was Governor of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota. [Laughter on the Republican
side of the House.] 1 am glad there is something
that excites the good humor of gentlemen on the
other side of the House. If gentlemen will read
this constitution instead of laughing, they will
find that the leturns were to be certified by that
Governor. If, instead of picking out dctached
portions of the constitution with which to find
fault, gentlemen wiliread the twenty-fhst section,
they will find that the returns of the election were
required to be certified exactly in the manner in
which they have been certified.
It is very well for gentlemen to laugh, and try
to laugh a State out of its representation. That
State stands here as my State stands—as the State
which any of these gentlemen represent. Sir, I
ask gentlemen representing new States how much
legulatity attended the admission of their States?
California came here with the certificate of a Gov-
ernor of a State which was not a State, nor even
an oigamzed Territory. And then the objection
of the gentlemen, that they were elected by gen-
eral ticket. Sir, it does not so appear, except from
the fact that the constitution so provides. Forany
information which we have before us, they have
been elected in conformity with our law.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question*
which is somewhat in reply to the suggestion he
has made.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I cannot yield for a reply; I
will yield for a question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I de-
sire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he
thinks that a territorial and State government can
both exist over Minnesota at the same moment?!
And if they cannot, how can it be that a tcrrito- I
rial Governor can certify to the election of Con*
gressmen from a State?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Because the constitution con-
fers upon the territorial Governor, po nomine, the
power. That is an answer to the gentleman's
question. The gentleman will find that the certif-
icates of these members are regular, and in con-
formity to law. The provision in the schedule to
the constitution providing forthe issuing of cer-
tificates, is the following:
" The returns of said election, for and against this consti-
tution, and for all State officers and members of the House
of Representatives of the United Stares, shall bp made and
certificates issued in the manner now prescribed by law for
returning votes given for Delegate to Congress," &c.
That was, by the territorial Governor—the Del-
egate to Congress only representing the Territory.
Mr. Speaker, with this paper regularly in our
hands, with these credentials, superior in form to
those which some of us have brought here, against
nothing but the gentleman's ideas, gathered from
the newspapers, and other unofficial sources, I
hope the House will not refer this matter to a
committee. The effect will be to carry out the op-
position to the admission of the State; to effect,
by an indirect manner, that which they could not
effect by a direct vote, namely: the exclusion of
Minnesota, so far as this House is concerned, from
all participation in the administration of the Gov-
ernment. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. I should like to ask
a question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I desire to
state that the gentleman who received the highest
number of votes m this election was Mr. Becker.
[Cries of " Order '"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What will be the
effect of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It will be to bring the House
first to vote upon the amendment of thegentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman-] to refer the cre-
dentials which have been presented to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have accepted
the. modification suggested by thegentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mim son.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS— Mc^in. Abbott, Andrews, Bilhnghurst, Bingham,
Blair, Blics, ButHnton, Builmgame, Ca*e, Olmfieo, Ezra
Claik, Clemens Colfax, Cornins, Covode, Cra<rm, Curtis,
l)avr< of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Damrcil, Dawe-, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Eur>tiS,
Fam^wortli, Fcnton, Foster. Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodwin, Grangei, Giow. Robert li Mali, J. Morrison Har-
n?. Ha<kin, Hill, floaid, Hoiton, Howard, Hughes,Kel&ey,
Kilgoie, Kimpp, John O. Kunkel. Leach, Leitei. Lovejoy,
Humphrey Mai shall, Matteson, Maynaid, Million, Motgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Moiris, Olivet A. Moise, Mott, Nich-
ols, Dim, Palmet. Parkci, Petut, Pike, Potter, pottle, Pur-
viance, Rirnnd, Ritchie, Rovce, John Sherman. JwUon YV.
Sherman. Spmnor, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thajei, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbrulge, Wal-
dron, Walton, CadwaladerC. Wa^hhurn, Ellihu li. Wash-
buine, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, arid Zollicotier—
9-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Andei^on, Atkins, Avciv, Baiksdale,
Bowie, Branch, Bui n.s, Cai uthers, Casktc, Chapman, Joiin
B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, CockcriU, Burton Craige, Ciawtoid,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dimimck, Dowdell, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gartrcll, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Groes-
beck, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins Hous-
ton, jackson, Jenkins, Jcwett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Joup^, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Lawience, Letcher, 'Maclay,McQueen, Samuel S.
Marshall, Miles, Miller, Moore, Isaac N. Morns, Nihlaek,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips. Powell, Quitman,
Reagan, Redly, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, William Smith, Stephens, James A. Stewait,Tal-
bot. Miles Taylor, Watkins, Wortendyke, and John V.
Wright—8j.
So the amendment to refer the credentials to the
Committee of Elections, with instructions, was
agreed to.
Pending the* call of the roll,
Mr. COLb'AX stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane had paired off with Mr. Cox.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Giddiitgs had
paiied olT. for the remainder of the session, with
Mr. Waruem.
Mr. RUSSELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Burroughs on all political questions.
He understood that the announcement had been
made that Mr. Burroughs had paired with Mr.
Ahl. He also understood that he [Mr. Bur-
roughs] had since paired with a lady. [Laughter.]
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Aiil has paired off witl^
me. I called on him yesterday, and stated that it
had been announced that he had paired off with
Mr. Burroughs. He replied that he had only
paired with me, and that he would so announce
in the House. I do not, however, now see him
in his seat.
Mr. RUSSELL. I understood from the report-
ers that Mr. Ahl had paired with Mr. Burroughs
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Ahl has paired with me.
Mr. RUSSELL. Well, sir, I paired with Mr.
Eurroughs upon all political questions. I do not
regard this as apolitical question, and I therefore
vote " no."
Mr. CLEMENS. Regarding this question as
one 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not wish to debate. I
only wish to assign a reason for my vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only do
that by unanimous consent.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. CLEMENS. I vote " ay."
Mr. HUGHES stated that, for the purpose of
moving to reconsider, he voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced, as above record-
ed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the previous question not being yet exhausted.
Mr. HUGHES. I then move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE. I demand the yeas ?.nd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did the Chair
decide that a motion for a call of the House was
not in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous ques-
tion has not exhausted itself.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The motion, as
I understand it, is to reconsider and lay on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the amend-
ment. When the motion to reconsider shall be
disposed of, the question will then recur, under
the operation of the previous question, on the ori-
ginal proposition as amended.
M r. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Would not that
be debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The previous
question does not exhaust itself until the pending
propositions, on which the previous question was
called, shall have been disposed of by a vote of
the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope that these
motions will be withdrawn, and that this question
will be allowed to go to the committee. I voted
against its reference, being willing that the mem-
bers should be sworn in, and that the matter might
subsequently go there. But, as the House has de-
cided to send the question to the committee, let us
not take up time with these side motions. The
committee will probably meet in a day or two, and
dispose of it. Instead of wasting time in this way,
I think it better that the public business should go
on.
Mr. FLORENCE. If, byunanimous consent,
these gentlemen can be sworn in now, there can
then be no objection to the matter going to the
committee.
[Laughter, and cries of "Oh, no!" from the
Republican side of the House.]
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 139; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Builixijrairie, Case,
Ezt aClark, Davis of Maryland, Dodd, Durfee. Edie, Farns-
wortii, Howaid, Kelsey,Kilgoie,Leiter, Matteson, Edward
Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Nichols, Potter, Savage,
Aaron Shaw, Jud-on W Sherman, Spmner, Stanton, Wil-
liam Stewart, Thayer, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, and
Wood—o2.
NATS —Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold. Atkins, Avery,
Baiksdale, Bliss, Howie, Branch, ftuffinton, Burns. Ca-
ruthcrs, Caskie, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Ciaw&on, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Cockcrtil,Colfax, Comins,
