'$086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
than the sword." There is infinite truth in this,
"as expressive of the greater power of ideas over
materialism. I would try the force of ideas on the
Mormons before resorting to the scourge of hu-
manity, the sword . Let our Government present
itself to them in the image of a generous, kind,
paternal, and affectionate Government, anxious,
if possible, to forgive even them; and if this fails,
then let destiny take its course.
But let us now suppose that all efforts to settle
matters peaceably in Utah shall have failed, and
that the sword must be drawn^-that terrible in-
strument of the avenging Nemesis, which even
Christianity has not been able to supersede; let us
suppose that the sword must be restored to its old
office of sprinklingthe bosom of mother earth with
the blood of the children of men: what then? There
are two modes of prosecuting this war:
1. By what I .shall call offensive war, invasion,
destruction, devastation.
2. By" cutting off all communication with Utah,
placing the Mormons in quarantine, letting none
come out and none go in, and guarding our trains
ofemigrants over the northern and southern routes.
As regards the first mode, I shall say nothing
of the distance of Utah from us, practically further
than Europe, nor of the difficulty of carrying sub-
sistence so far, nor of the difficult approaches
through wild gorges in the mountains, nor of the
army of fierce fanatics to be encountered. I shall
say nothing of all these, because such is my con-
fidence in our indomitable Army, that I believe
we shall carry everything before us, and plant
our victorious standards in the heart of their sa-
cred city. I grant you that we shall beat down
the Mormon chivalry upon the plains of Utah.
But what I fear is, that our greatest success will
be our greatest disaster. The defeat of the Mor-
mons will, I fear, be the dispersion of the Mor-
mons through the boundless plains and vast
mountain ranges of the middle of the continent.
Once they are thus dispersed, they become a fierce
banditti; every mountain gorge will resound with
the crack of their unerring rifles. Their very wo-
men will give forth from their envenomed wombs
araceof monsters more horrible than Milton de-
scribes as pursuing Sin at the gates of hell. Confed-
erated with the Indian tribes, a race of American
Arabs, they will become enemies of the human
race. In vain will your emigrant trims endeavor
to cross the center of the continent. The march of
every train would be a succession of battles, and
you will have upon your hands, for a hundred
years, a perpetual war with bandits. Study the
physical geography of the globe, and nowhere
else do you find a vast conformation of the earth's
surface 00 well adapted to tribes of robbers as the
great basin of the Salt Lake.
1 said in the beginning, that the immediate prac-
tical interest we had in the Mormon question was
securing our emigrant routes to the Pacific. This
interest, 1 fear, will be more endangered by a suc-
cessful war against the Mormons than 111 any
other way. We wish a railroad; we wish the
telegraph wires to " wreak themselves upon ex-
pression" through the center of the continent.
How can you accompl'sh either of these great
ideas, after you have driven the Mormons in des-
peration and fury to the mountains? My objec-
tion to offensive war is, that, even if successful,
it defeats, more completely than anything else,
the very purpose we have in view—securing our
communications with the Pacific.
The second mode of employing force against
the Mormons, shutting them up m Utah, inter-
rupting all communication with them, seems to
me the wisest kind of force to adopt towards them,
at least at first. By that mode, with proper crim-
inal legislation, we may place the Mormons in
such circumstances as may make them willing to
obey the laws. The only inconvenience this mode
of procedure will cost us will be some addition,
perhaps, to our military strength, and a more cir-
cuitous route for our emigrant trains. The ques-
tion is not free from difficulty in any aspect. We
should choose the least of evils. Letus try peace-
ful means if they be possible; then the isolating
process. If all fail, then war outright will still be
left to us. I11 the mean time something may turn
up in the chapter of events. There may be a
sclnsm among the Mormons, or something else
that may give us the opportunity of acting to more
advantage.
There is one consideration should not bo over-
looked in this Mormon question. It is this: that
the greatest danger to the integrity of the Mormon
faith is prosperity. The greater their material,
moral, intellectual development, the less hold a
false faith will have upon them; the more likeli-
hood of woman assertingherdivine mission among
them. In short, the more they become civilized,
the less they are Mormons. This development
will most certainly take place by peace. Mormon-
ism may be eternal among nomadic tribes, Arabs,
or bandits; it must perish out under the blaze
of civilization. Prosperity will destroy Mormon-
ism; slowly, it may be, but certainly. The Turks,
the Mormons of Europe, are perishing from con-
tact with civilization. They only proclaim agreat
philosophical principle when they recognize that
they are only camping on this side of the Bospho-
rus, and that it is their destiny to return into Asia.
Civilization is death to Mohammedanism or Mor-
monism. Let us not lose sight of this considera-
tion in determining our policy towards the Mor-
mons.
Before I close, I would cite the House to some
remarks of Mr. Burke, in the British Parliament,
on the subject of coercing the American colonies.
Mr. Burke, in his celebrated speech on concilia-
tion with the American colonies, says:
" First, sir, permit me to observe that the use of force
alone is but temporary. It may bubdue for a moment, but it
does not remove the necessity of subduing again ; and a na-
tion is not governed which is perpetually to be conquered."
Suppose you defeat the Mormons in a series
of battles, and they do not fly to the mountains,
but remain sullen,yielding an enforced obedience
under the shadow of their holy temple: how long
will this last? As soon as you have withdrawn
your troops they trample your authority under
foot. It will be necessary to keep a large military
force permanently in Utah. Do you propose to
do this r It will be a very expensive operation.
Again, Mr. Burke says:
" We have 110 sortof experience infavor of force as an in-
strument m the lute of our colonies. Their giowth and their
utility have been owing to methods altogether different. The
last cause of tins disobedient spirit . the colonies is hardly
less powerful than tbe lest, as it is not merely moral, but
laid deep in the natnial condition of tilings. Three thou-
sand miles of occan lie between you and them. No con-
trivance can pi event the etfect of this distance in weaken-
ing government. Seas roil, and months pass, between the
ordei and iiie execution; and tile want of a speedy expla-
nation of a single point is enough to defeat a whole system.
You have, indeed, your winged uumsteis of vengeance who
carry your bolts m their pounces to tbe remotest verge of
the sea. But there is a power steps m, that limits the arro-
gance of raging passions and furious elements, and says, 'so
far si.ail thou go, and no further.1 Who are you < that you
should fietand rage and bite the chains of nature?' Nothing
worse happens to you than docs to ah nations who have
extensive empne. and it happens in all the forms into which
empire can be thrown. In large bodies the cncuiation of
powei mu^t be less vigorous at the extremities. Nature has
said it. TheTuik cannot govern E?ypt and Aiabia and
Criivhstan, as he governs Thiaeo ; nor has he the same do-
minion m the Crimea and Algiers which helms at Brusaand
Smyrna. Despotism itself is obliged to truck and huckster.
The Sultan gets such obedience as he can. fie governs
wuh a loose rein, that lift may govern at all; and the whole
of the foiee and vigor of his authority in his eeutei is de-
rived fioni a prudeMit lelaxation m all his borders. Spain in
her piovmees is perhaps nor so well obeyed as you are 1a
vouis. yhe complies too, she submits, she watches time.
Tlu« is the immutable condition, the eternal law, of exten-
sive and detached empire."
I will not make the application of these remarks
to the present condition of affairs. I only com-
mend them to the consideration of this House
and the country.
This Mormon question is a great question. It
is not one of those common-place matters which
you can summarily dispose of. It is not a ques-
tion of partisanship, but a question of statesman-
ship. You may turn from it, but there is Utah;
there are the Mormons; there is the cancer on
your body-politic. How will you get rid of it?
Will you strike at it with the sword? Those
rough remedies sometimes aggravate the disease.
It needs, in my opinion, to be dealt with gently,
and with consummate wisdom. With these re-
marks I leave the question, at least for the pres-
ent.
Mr. REAGAN took the floor.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
understood that the gentleman from Virginia only
yielded the floor to the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Boyce,] and is entitled to it now to
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand the rules to be
that when a gentleman yields the floor be yields
it altogether. The gentleman from Virginia
yielded the floor; and having obtained it, I now
desire to proceed with my remarks.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman only yielded the
floor temporarily to the gentleman from South
Carolina, the time occupied by him to be taken
out of the time of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I so understood it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, then, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER How many minutes of my
time have been consumed ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thirteen.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will yield to
me for that purpose, I will move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. LETCHER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. GP«.OW. I then submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Florence reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had underconsideration the Union gen-
erally, and especially House bill No. 6, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1859, and had instructed him to
report the same to the House with amendments,
and with a recommendation that it do pass; that
the committee had also had under consideration
the bill of the House No. 306, making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the year ending the 30th June, 1858, anjjfhad
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question upon the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the motion, to allow me to introduce a bill for ref-
erence.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at ten minutes before five o'clock)
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 12,1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives from that State
in Congress to use their efforts to prevent the re-
moval or change in the location of the Sebastian
Indian reservation, in California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of several
residents and property holders of Montgomery
county, Maryland, praying that the plank road in
the District of Columbia leading into that county
may be made free of tolls; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Webster B. Steele, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
their influence to prevent the repeal of the law
allowing bounties to vessels engaged in the cod
fisheries; which was ordered to he on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of oper-
atives and citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania,
praying that a sufficient protection may be ex-
tended to American labor engaged in the manu-
facture of iron; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of the le-
gister and receiver of the lantl office at Mineral
Point, Wisconsin, praying that the compensation
of registers andjeceivers may be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Emma A. Wood, on the
