1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
Covode, James Craig, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Damrell,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davjs of Mississippi, Davisof
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dimmick, Dow-
dell, Rdmundson, English, Faulkner. Fenton, Florence.
Foley, Foster. Gainett, Gartrell, Gdlis, Gilmer, Gooch',
Goodc, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Rob-
ert fi. Hall, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins.,
Iloiton, Houston, Ilughe«, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, few-
ett, George-VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,Owen Jones, Kelly,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Lawrence, Leach,
Letcher, Lnvejoy, Maclay. McKibbin, xMcdueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mavnard, Miles, Mil-
ler, Milhon, Mooie, Morgan, Mornll, Oliver A. Morse,
ATlklnnU 11-1  T>- ..I  TV T._.. T"h '
Sanihdge, Scales, Scott, Seating, John Sherman, Shoiter,
Robert Smith, William Smith, James A. Stewart,Talbot,
Tappan, Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Tuppe, Underwood,
Waldron,CadwaladerC. Washburn, ElhhuB. Washbuine,
Israel Washburn. Watkins, WiUon, Wmslow, Worten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolltcof-
fer—139.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote, there being much confusion
in the Hall, which caused a suspension of the
call—
Mr. MORGAN said: Mr. Speaker, I object to
gentlemen on the other side of the Hall delaying
the business of the House in this manner. The
noise and confusion is all on that side of the Hall,
whereas on this side all is quiet and orderly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
there is a great deal of confusion on both sides of
the Hall; and if gen'lemen desire the business of
the House to proceed, they must suspend conver-
sation.
Mr. CURTIS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Seveidl Members. * Oh, no; let the vote be
taken.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done, without
unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. This is the only day left for
territorial business.
The Clerk then concluded the call of yeas and
nays, when the vote was announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose a call
of the House would be in order now?
Mr. GROW. It would not be.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To make a prop-
osition is not debating.
Mr. AHL stated that he had seen by the Globe
that he was announced as having paired off with
Mr. Burroughs on the Minnesota question;
whereas he had really paired off with Mr. Pot-
tle.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Sherman, of Ohio, to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was agreed to.
Mi. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andtews Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, JJiair, Bliss, Buifinton, Burhngame, Case, Chat-
tee,"Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clemens, Colla\, Coming, Co-
vode, Cuitic, Damndl, Davis ot Marvland Davis of Massa-
chusetts', Davisof Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Edie, Eustis, Famsworth, Fenton, Fo-ter. Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Grow, Robeit 1). Hull,
J Momson Hams, lla-kui, Jlill", lloaid. Ilorton. Ilowaid,
Kellogg, Kelsev, Kilgoro, Knapp, John C. Kunkel. Leach,
Leitei, Lovcjoy, Ilumpin'cy Manual], Matteson, Majnard,
MilUon, Morgan. Moinll. Edwaid JoyMoiris, Fieenian II.
Morse, Oliver A.' Morse, Mott, Nichols, Ohn, Palmei, Par-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Pottei, Pottle, Purviance, Read}. fticaud,
Ritchie, Robbing Ro>ee. John Shciman, Jwbon W. Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton,Wilhnm Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkm-, Tuppe, Uudeiwood. Wade, Walbndge, Wal-
dion, Walton. Cadwalader C \\ a«hbum, Ellihu B Wa-sh-
buin'e, l&iarl Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and Zollieofler—
97
NAYS—Mf!«sis. Alii, Andeison, Arnold. Atkins, Avery,
Bark-dale, Bonhatn, Bowie, Boyce, Bianeh, Bum*. Ca-
rutheis, Ca--kic, Chapman, John B. Clatk, Clay, Cobb,
Cockenll, James Ciaig. Bunon Craitre, Ciawl'oid, Cuity,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana. Davis ofMivsi-^ippi, Dnmmck,
Dow dfll. Edmund-on, English, Faulkmn, Florence, Foley,
Gai nett, Gnitroll, (idIk, Goode, Gi eon wood Greg?. G ioe -
beck, Tnomas L. Ilarns, Hawkins, Hopkins. Houston,
Hughes, Hu}ler, Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones. J.
Glancy Jone-, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Iunik'-l, La-
mat, Landy, Lawtenee. Letehet. Maelay, McKibbm, Me-
Uueen, Samuel S. Mar-hall, Mason, Mile>. .Miller. Moote,
Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip-*, Uiiitniaii,
Rcusmii, R'Milv, Rulhu, Rus.-elJ, Sandidye, Savauo. Scales,
Scott. Realms, Aaron Shaw, Hemy 31. Shaw, Shoitei,
tickles. llolvit Smith, William Smith. Stephen-. Jamc- A.
Stew ai t, Talbot, Miles Ta\!oi\ W.itkm , Winslow, Wor-
tendjko. and John V Wright—93.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
Chair whether, if the proposition as amended be
defeated, that will defeat the motion to swear in ?
The SPEAKER. It will defeat the pending
motions.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can there not be
a division of the question ? It seems to me that
they are independent propositions. Will the
Chair be good enough to have the resolution as
amended reported?
The resolution, as amended, was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I respectfully sub-
mit that that is not inconsistent with the right
these gentlemen claim to be admitted to their seats
on this floor, because the subject can be referred
afterwards.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Phillips] moved that the members
presenting their credentials be sworn. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shermay] moved to strike
j out all of the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and insert that which has been adopted
by the House. The question now recurs on agree-
ing to the proposition as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If that be voted
down, will not that be equivalent to a rejection of
the application? I think this side of the House
had better let it go.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to more to lay
this resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. Jt is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
this question. In the event of the House determ-
ining to lay it on the table, or voting the motion
! down, will it not still be in order for the members
I elect from the State of Minnesota to present their
! credentials to-morrow, and ask to be admitted to
; their seats on this floor?
j Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman add—
| with the same credentials?
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the question the way
I want it answered; and as to the gentleman's
amendment, while it may suit him, it certainly
was not m my contemplation, when I proposed
j it, that there should be a change of credentials. I
l do not know who has authority to change them.
} That is not the practice on this side of the House,
and I am astonished that the gentleman should
have suggested such a thing.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
credentials having been presented and read to the
House, they are m possession of the House. If
the motion to lay on the table be made, the Chair .
intimates the opinion now, that, in his view, there i
is nothing to prevent the gentlemen presenting !
themselves every day until the question is determ- ,
ined by the House whether they shall or shall 1
not be sworn, the House being in possession of
their credentials. j
Mr. STANTON. Do not the credentials go ,
on the table with the motion; and, if so, how can '
they get possession of them again ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that credentials are often-
times presented and laid upon the table before
members make their appearance at all. It is the
constant practice in the other wing of the Capi- '
tol for the credentials to be sometimes submitted ,
six or twelve months before a member presents
himself to be sworn in. Although that question 1
does not arise at this stage, the Chair merely gives
the intimation in response to the inquiry. ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the motion ■
to lay on the table be earned, would that not op- ,
erate as the decision of the House that these gen- 1
tlemen are not to be sworn in and allowed to take 1
their seats r Would not that be the logical and
necessary consequence ? ;
The SPEAKER. The intimation which the '
Chair has given will be open for the consideration
of the House when the question shall properly
arise.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the resolution ,
! on the table; and on that I ask the yeas and nays. ;
j The yeas and nays were oidered. ;
| The question was taken; and it was decided m 1
i the negative—yeas 17, nays 172; as follows: ;
1 YEAS—Messrs. Aid. Bowie, Davidson, Houston. Hughes?,
George W. Jones, Kelly, ICilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, Ma-
clay, Mason, Peyton, Purviance, Russell, Savage, Henry M.
Shaw, and Shorter—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold,
Atkins, Avery, Barlcdale, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burns,'Campbell, Caruthers, Case, Caskie,
Chaffee, Ezra Claik. John B. Clark, dawson. Clay, Clem-
ens, Cobb, Cockenll, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Ciagin,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Curry, Curtis, Damrell, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mtssist-ippi, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean, Do wart,
Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell,Duilee. Edie, Edinundson,
Elliott, English, Eustis, Famsworth, Faulkner, Fenton,
Florence, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, GilJis, Gihnan,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goode,Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groes-
beck, Grow, Robert B. Hall, J. Momson Hariis, Haskin,
Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Howard, Huyler,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glancv Jones, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kelscy, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Law-
rence, Leach, Leidy, Loiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, McKibhm,
McQueen, Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mat-
teson, Maynard, Milec, Mdler, Millson, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Quitman,
Ready, Reagan, Redly, Rieaud. Robbms, Royce, Ruffin,
Sandidge, Scott, Searing. Sewaid, Aaron Shawl, John Sher-
man, JudsonYV. Sherman. Sickles, Robert Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Tappan, George Tajlor, Miles Taylor,
Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellibu B.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wilson, Winslow,
Wood, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—172.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
* Pending the vote,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that he did not think
there were any merits in the question, and there-
fore he declined to vote.
Mr. EUSTIS stated that Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, having been obliged to leave the Hall on
account of illness, he (Mr. Eustjs) had paired olT
with him.
The question rccurred on the resolution as
amended, on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 10S, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Adiain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
hnglmrst, Bingham, Blan, BIi^. Bocock, Buffinton, Biirlin-
ji game, Campbell, Case, Chaffer, E/.ra Clruk, Horace F.
Claik, Claw-on, Clemen-', Cobb, Cnlfav, Ciidmin, Covode,
ij Cragm, Cuitis Damiell, Davis ot Man land,Davi-> oflndi-
;| ana, Dav^ ot Ma^achu-otts Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfce, Edie, Edinuml-on, Farn^woith, Fen-
ton, Foster, Gainett, Gilinan, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Good-
win. Giangei. Grow, RobettB. Hall, Hail.m. Ha«km,Hill,
IIouul. Horton. Howaid, Kellogn, Keisey, Kilgoro. Knapp,
John C Kunki'l, Loach, Leiter,Loveioy, Humphrev Mar-
shall, Matteson, M;u'iiatd, Millson, Moigan, Mornll, Ed-
waul Joy Morris. JUaae N. Moru«, Fieeman U. Mor&e, Oli-
jvei A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Oim, Palmer, Paikcr, Pettit,
Pike, Potter, Potde, Purviance, Ready, Reagan. Rieaud,
Ritchie, Royce, Aaion Shaw, John Sheiman, Judson W.
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart. Tappan,
Thayer,Tompkins,Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridtje,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and Zolli-
cofiei—1U8.
NAYS— Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkin«, Avery,
Batksdale, Bonham, Boyce, Burn-*, Caskie, Chapman, John
B. Claik, Cockenll. James 'Craig, Ciawford, Curry, David-
son, Davi' of Mississippi. Dewait, Dimmick, Dowdell. El-
liott. EngJi-h, Faulkner, Florence, Folev, Gartrell, Gilhs,
Gieenwood. Gregg, Gioe^beck, Thomas L. Hairi*, Haw-
kin^, Hopkins, Houston, IIu«he«.. Jfuyler, Jackson, Jenkin5-,
.Jewett, Groige W. Tones. J Glnney Jone«, Owen Joins,
Kellv, Jacob M Kunkel. Lainai. Lawience, Letcher,
Maclav, McKibbm. MeCiueen, Samuel S. Mai shall, Ma^on,
Mil'", Miller, Moore. Nihluck, Pendleton, Pe\ton, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Ciiutman, lteillv, llutlin, ltus>ell, Sau-
didiie, Savage, Seiles, Scott, Sewaid, Hemy M. Shaw,
Shoitei, Robert Simih, William Smith. Stevenson, James
A Stewart Gentge Taylor, Miles Taylor. Watkms, Wins-
ow, Wortenoyke, and John V. Wnght—83.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution as amended was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION-
Mr. DAY1S, of Mississippi. I desire to say,
if not out of order, by way of personal explana-
tion, that at the time the vote was taken on the
| report of the conference committee in the Kansas
! matter, T was absent, having paired off with a
| gentleman from New York; and that if I had
i been here I should have voted for the bill as pro-
1 posed.
| DOORKEEPER OF THE HOUSE.
| Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. 1 am instructed
I by the Committee of Accounts to present a report
' to the House, which is a privileged matter.
