1857.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
35th Cong....1st Sess. Nicaraguan Affairs and the Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Lamar.,
Ho. of Reps.
This field of benevolence might be greatly en-
larged by.an increased appropriation, as I have
vastly many more applications for admission than
the number f have a right to send to the Infirmary.
Judging from the favor with which this charity
has heretofore been regarded by Congress, I have
every reason to believe that the sphere of Us use-
fulness will be cheerfully extended.
The drainage of the city is mainly accomplished
above ground, and the consequence is, the streets
are overflowed whenever there is a heavy fall of
rain, from the incapacity of the gutters to receive
-and carry off the vast quantity of water that seeks
an outlet through them. It is almost impossible
to keep streets clean that are subject to be over-
flowed; and the sediment which is left in them
•when the water passes off soon becomes offensive
to the smell on exposure to the sun. The fact is
well established, that countries liable to inunda-
tion are generally sickly, owing to the alluvial
deposits; and the same cause might reasonably
be expected to produce disease in cities. Wash-
ington, however, seems to be an exception to the
rule of induction; for, notwithstanding the fre-
quent overflow of the streets from heavy rains,
mcdicai statistics prove beyond a doubt that it is
one of the healthiest cities in the country. To
obviate the inconvenience resulting from the over-
flowing of the streets, and to prevent the possi-
bility of sickness arising from this ca.use, a ju-
dicious system of sewerage should be adopted
and carried into effect. In most of our large < ities
great attention has been bestowed upon the ar-
rangement and construction of sewers, and they
have reaped the benefit of them in the purification
of the atmosphere, and a corresponding improve-
ment in health. The Government has constructed
several large sewers in this city, and the corpo-
ration a like number, but still there is a great
deficiency for the wants of the city. What has
already been done in the way of sewerage is but
the beginning of what is needed, and speedy at-
tention should be given to the subject, not only
for sanitary purposes, but to provide for the dis-
posal of the greatly increased quantity of water
that will-be used for bathing, washing pavements,
cleaning streets, and other similar objects, when
the aqueduct shall have been finished, and shall
introduce into the city an abundant supply from
the Great Falls of the Potomac.
To construct the necessary sewerage will re-
quire a large outlay of money, and considering
the interest the United States have in property in
the city, it may be deemed but just that the Gov-
rnment should bear a fair proportion of the ex-
pense. It is important that Congress should take
this matter into consideration at the approaching
session, and provide m some way for its accom-
plishment.
I hereto append a statement of receipts and
expenditures for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1857.
Very rcspcctfully, your obedient servant,
JNO. B. BLAKE, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Heport of Lieutenant General Scott.
Headquarters of tite Army,
New York, JVov. 20, 1857.
Sir: As the immediate commander of the army,
under the President, I have the honor to submit
the usual annual report on its general condition
and wants.
Our regiments, horse and foot, including ar-
tillery, (serving mostly as infantry,) are, as I
have remarked m former reports, anything but a
peace establishment. For years they have been
almost constantly in pursuit of hostile Indians,
through swamps and mountains, in heats and
snows, and with no inconsiderable loss of life
from frequent combats, and a still greater mortal-
ity from excessive labor, deprivation and disease.
In other wars those hardships are occasionally
broken by rest and comfort, now iong unknown
to nine tenths of our troops; and hence another
great evil—the numerous desertions which daily
thin their ranks.
As a partial illustration of the extraordinary
New Series—No. 4.
activity and sufferings 1 have spoken of, I beg
leave to annex copies of two of my orders—Nos.
4 and 14—of the present year.
To mitigate those evils, and to enable ns to ffive
^reasonable security to our people on Indian fron- ,
tiers, measuring thousands of miles, I respect fully
suggest an augmentation of at least one regiment '
of horse, (dragoon, cavalry, or riflemen,) and at
least three regiments of foot, (infantry or rifle- ;
men.) This augmentation would not more than !
furnish the reinforcements now greatly needed in {
Florida,Texas, New Mexico, California,Oregon, !
"Washington Territory, Kansas, .Nebraska, and 1
Minnesota, leaving not a,company for Utah. Ifthe '
reinforcements should be authorized as early as
January, it would be easy,'in the present unfor- j
tunate want of profitable employment for the
thousands of able-bodied men to be found idle in !
every populous district of the country, to make
the number of recruits needed, and in time for
them to reach the theaters of military operations
in the summer and autumn of 1858. Of the relief
which the measure would afford to our general
population 1 may not speak in a military paper;
but to the Army, and exposed frontiers undents
protection, it would be immense
It is eminently desuable, by all the reasonable
means at the disposition of the Government, to
•i.Uempt the moral elevation of our enlisted men—
that is, all below commissioned officers. In phys-
ical comforts, whether they are sick or in health,
the jusiice of Congress in respect to physicians, |
medicines, hospital stores, the pay, clothing, and j
subsistence of everybody, has scarcely left any- i
thing to be asked for. (l'he subject of quarters
will be noticed in the sequel.) So, too, in respect
to religious insti uctioii; through some twenty and
odd miiituiy chaplains — consideiing the-great
number of isects and the habitual dispeision of the
troops—I have nothing practical to suggest. But
to render the service honorable, so that citizens
may freply enlist without the fear of harsh, arbi-
trary, or capricious treatment at the hands of any
superior, some additional legislation seems indis-
pensable. I allude to a revision of the rules and
articles for the government of the armies of the
United States, particularly the forty-fifth, sixty-
fifth,sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh,and ninety-ninth
of those articles—all respecting the administration
of justice. In order, among other things, to pro-
vide for the legal punishment of petty offenses,
substituting, when necessary, courts consisting
entirely of sergeants, so as to deprive commanders
of small detachments and isolated companies of
all pretexts.— the want of officers to compose
courts, &c.—for taking the, law into their own
hands,accordingly 1 recommend that the subject
be in the first instance referred to a board consist-
ing of intelligent officers of great experience with
troops, and if their report be approved, that it next
be submitted to Congress. The same board might,
with great benefit, revise the general regulations
of the Army and the conflicting systems of in-
fantry tactics now in force.
In connection with penal justice, it is due to^all
good men in the ranks to say that they are directly
interested in the suppression of crimes, disorders,
and neglect, prejudical to good order and military
discipline, inasmuch as offenses hurt the just pride
of the corps, and every offender put under guard
or in arrest increases the duties and fatigues of
his meritorious companions of the same class or
rank.
I have a word to say in respect to quarters for
troops on the sea-board. In our regular fortifica-
tions we have but little shelter, other than case-
ments for fighting siege guns, and these arches
are too damp and otherwise uncomfortable for the
lodgings of the troops. In respect to the Indian
frontiers, except at one or two interior points for
reserve, the troops arc—when they chance to be
allowed short rests—either in tents, winter as well
as summer, or such miserable bush and mud huts
as they have hastily constructed for the moment.
! Hence another cause of desertion, disease, and
i mortality. It is true that the frontiers are con-
! stantly shifting by the extension of settlements,
> and hence a great difficulty in providing penna-
! nent quarters, except for reserves, and we are far
i from having a regiment, or even a company, to be
' so posted.
The instruction of our artillery regiments in
their appropriate duties with light and heavy-
batteries has been much tiegketed of late years-
first, by capriciously dismounting several of the
light companies, and sending others to the most
unsuitable posts,in respect to suppliesand'health; •
and, second, by the necessary employment, from
deficiency in other troops, of the greater part of
each regiment as infantry on the Indian fron-
tiers.
A school of practice, however, for garrisons*
sea-coast, and siege artillery, is now being organ-
ized, on a small scale, at Fortress Monroe, to be
enlarged as the regiments may be withdrawn from
the Indian frontiers, when—also on regarrisonitig
our principal fortifications—each may be made a
subordinate school. In the mean time, {"respect-
fully ask that the light companies remaining on
foot be remounted, as authorized by law.
• Of recommendations in former reports I beg
leave specially to recall two:
1. A system of recruiting by and for the re-
spective regiments, which it is conceived would
create and nurture the esprit du corps—a'family
feeling in each always highly conducive to moral
elevation and military efficiency.
2. A revision of the pension laws, so as to
place the Army on a like footing with the Navy,
volunteers, and militia in this respect, as there
can be no conceivable reason of any sort for a
discrimination to our prejudice.
Please see vol. 2, p. 22!), of the President's
message, &c., December, 1856.
L have the honor to be, sir, with high respect,
your most obedient servant,
WINFIELD SCOTT.
Hon. J. B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
NICARAGUAN AFFAIRS AND THE LECOMPTON
CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. L. Q. C. LAMAR,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House op Representatives,
January 13, 1858.
[WRITTEN OPT BY" HIMSELF.*}
The IIou^c bemum Committee of the Whole on the states
of the Union, and having under consideration the Presi-
dent's annual menage-
Mr. LAMAR said:
Mr. Chairman*: It is not my purpose to discuss
the various questions involved in our Central
American relations. Should I avail myself of a
fat arc occasion to do so, I may be forced reluc-
tantly to dissent from some of the views so ably
presented by my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Quitman.] However painful this may be to my-
self, I nevertheless feci confident of his generous
indulgcncc, especially when lie sees in my coursc;
only the i-eilex of his own spirit of independence;
a spirit which runs like a stream of fire through
all his acts and writings: which enabled him a few
years since to light up the atdor of a thousand
patriots, to fire his countrymen to the assertion of
their rights, and at this day enshrines him in the
hearts and affections of the people of his State,
without distinction of party.
Mr. Chairman, any proposition which has for
its object the advancementand progress of south-
ern institutions, by equitable means, will always
commend itself to my cordial approval. Others
may boast of their widely-extended patriotism,
and their enlarged and comprehensive love of this
Union. With mp, I confess that the promotion
of southern interests is second in importance only
to the preservation of southern honor. In reading
her history and studying her character, I delight
to linger in the contemplation of that stern and
unbroken confidence with which the South has
always clang to the integrity of her principles and
the purity of her honor. In that unfortunate di-
vision which has separated our country into sec-
tions, natural causes, beyond our control, have
assigned to her the weaker section. A numerical
minority finds safety and protection alone in the
power of truth and invincibility of right. The
* For the original report, see page 2T9 Cong. Globe.
