50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 13;
35th Cong....1st Sess. Nicaraguan Affairs and the Lecompion Constitution Mr. Lamar.
Ho. or Reps.
South, standing upon this high ground, has ever
commanded the respect of her friends, and defied
the assaults of her enemies. When ruthless ma-
jorities have threatened wrong and injustice, their
hands have been stayed only by the deference
which the worst spirits unconsciously pay to the
cause of justice. In the long and bitter contests
which have marked our internal struggles, the
.South has made but one demand—the Constitu-
tion of our common country, the claims of justice,
and the obligations of States; and it is our boast
to-day, that we can present a record unstained
with a single evidence of violated faith or at-
tempted wrong. The same regard for truth, jus-
tice, and honor, which characterizes our inter-
course with the various sections of our own
'■ountry, furnishes the safest rules for our deal-
ings with other countries. As the Constitution
is the law of our conduct at home, so let good
faith be the rule of our conduct abroad.
If I could do so consistently with the honor of
my country, I would plant American liberty, with
southern institutions, upon every inch of Amer-
ican soil. I believe that they give to us the high-
est type of civilization known to modern times,
except in those particulars dwelt upon so elabo-
rately and complacently by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Thayer.] In that particu-
lar form of civilization which causes the population
of a country to emigrate to other lands for the
means of subsistence, I concede to the North great
superiority over our section. [Laughter.] There
can be no doubt that New England, and especi-
ally Massachusetts, is a splendid country to emi-
grate from, and, in this respect, stands unrivaled,
with ^crimps the single exception of Ireland.
[Laughter.] And right here I desire to express
my acknowledgments to the gentleman for the
very apt and classical comparison which he insti-
tuted between his section and the officinagentium.
It never occurred to me before; but since he has
mentioned it, I must confess to the resemblance,
in many respects, between the recent emigration
from New England and the irruption of the Goths
and Vandals. [Laughter.] It is also due to can-
dor that I should say that the gentleman's vindi-
cation of the emigrant aid societies places the
objects and motives of that enterprise upon more
defensible grounds than we of the South supposed
to exist. For one, I am perfectly satisfied that
the thing was demanded by necessity, and has re-
sulted in benefit to all the parties concerned; that
the country was benefited by getting rid of the
population, and the population greatly benefited
by leaving the country. [Laughter.]
To return from this digression: while I am a
southern man, thoroughly imbued with the spirit
nf my section, I will never consent to submit the
late of our noble institutions to the hands of
marauding bands, or violate their sanctity by
identifying their progress with the success of un-
lawful expeditions; and most especially, when
1 see thorn receiving the countenance and sanc-
tion of a distinguished Senator, whose course
on the Kansas question is so fresh in our recollec-
tion.
Before I consent to any new schemes of terri-
torial acquisition, to be effected, as usual, by the
prowess of southern arms, and the contribution
of southern blood and treasure, I desire the ques-
tion of the South's right to extend her institutions
into territory already within the Union, practically
and satisfactorily settled by the legislation of this
Congress. These territorial acquisitions, so far,
have been to the South like the far-famed fruit
which grows upon the shores of the accursed sea,
beautiful to sight, but dust and ashes to the lips.
We learn from the President's message, that the
people of Kansas, having reached the number
that would justify her admission into the Union as
a State, she has, by her duly constituted author-
ities, taken all the steps necessary to the attain-
ment of this object, and will, in a short time,
demand the redemption of the pledge of the Gov-
ernment, that she "shall be admitted, with or
without slavery, as her constitution may prescribe
at thc^ime of such admission." But in advance
of her application, we are informed by the distin-
guished author of the Kansas bill, and gentlemen
upon this floor, that her case has been prejudged,
and her claims rejected. This presents a question
before whose colossal magnitude the wrongs of
Walker and the criminality of Paulding sink into
insignificance. ,
I propose to examine into the grounds upon
which this violation of plighted faith is attempted
to be justified. The ground principally relied
upon is, that the constitution which she presents
was framed by a convention not called in pursu-
ance of an enabling or authorizing act of Con-
gress, but on the mere motion of the Territorial
Legislature. Now, sir, apart from the practice
of the Government, which has not been uniform
on this subject, I, for one, admit, to the fullest
extent, the propriety and importance of such an
act of Congress. I have always held that the
sovereignty over these Territories was vested in
the people of the United States; that the power
of legislation in reference to them belonged to
Congress, and that this power was limited only
by the Constitution and the nature of the trust;
and that before the inhabitants of the Territory
are competent to form a constitution and a State
government, it is necessary that Congress should
first withdraw its authority over the Territories.
The necessity of an enabling act I concede to the
fullest extent. Whenever individuals in a Terri-
tory undertake to form a State government, with-
out the previous assent of Congress, they are, in
my opinion, guilty of gross usurpation and fla-
grant disregard of the rights of the United States
and the authority of Congress. Under such cir-
cumstances, it becomes a question purely of dis-
cretion with Congress, whether to remand them
to their territorial condition, or to waive the want
of authority, and to ratify the proceedings as reg-
ular and lawful. The question nowpresents itself,
do the circumstanccs attending the application of
Kansas for admission into the Union present such
a case ?
Was the convention at Lecompton an unau-
thorized and revolutionary assemblage, usurping
the sovereignty of the State, and throwing off,
unlawfully, the authority of the United States?
I hold that it was a convention of the people
called by the regularly constituted authority, and
with the previous assent of Congress. I hold that
the Kansas bill was an enabling act, vesting the
Territorial Legislature with power to call such a
convention. In analyzing the provisions of that
noble law, we find that it looks to higher objects
and more enduring results than the mere organ-
ization of temporary territorial governments for
Kansas and Nebraska. It looks beyond the ter-
ritorial sttttus; it provides fur its admission as a Slate;
and in express terms pledges the faith of Govern-
ment that it shall be received into the Union " with
or without slavery, as its constitution may pre-
scribe at the time of such admission." It also
declares the " intent and meaning of this act" to
be, " not to legislate slavery into any Territory
or State, nor to exclude it therefrom; but to leave
the people thereof perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States, and
the provisions of this act."
Now, had the bill stopped here—had it gone
no further—there might be some ground for the
objection that additional legislation by Congress
is necessary. For the bill might guaranty to the
people admission as a State, and the right of form-
ing their constitution, and yet reserve to Congress
the all-important power of determining when the
people had attained a sufficient maturity and
growth to fit them for the enjoyment and exercise
of this highest and most glorious right of self-
government. It might reserve to itself the power j
of determining who should constitute such a peo- i
pie—who should be the qualified voters—and in j
short, of prescribing all the steps preliminary to
a call of the convention of the people. I say Con-
gress might well have reserved all these high and
delicate discretionary powers to herself, ana there
might be some ground for claiming them in be-
half of Congress, had the hill stopped with the
clause which I have quoted.
^ But, unfortunately for the enemies of Kansas,
the bill does not stop here. It goes on to confer
the most ample powers on the Territorial Legis-
lature. In section twenty-two, after providing
for the first election, it says:
" But thereafter times, places, and manner of holding
and conducting all elections by the people, shall be prescribed
by law "
Again, after providing for qualifications of
voters for the first election, it says:
  But the qualification of voters, and of holding office, at
all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall he presented
by the Territorial Legislature."
In section twenty-four, it is further enacted
that the legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation consist-
ent with the constitution.
These clauses, taken together, embrace the
entire subject m dispute, and vest all powers con-
nected therewith in the Territorial Legislature.
What can be a more clear and rightful subject of
legislation than to determine the time when a
people shall emerge from their condition of terri-
torial pupilage into that of State sovereignty, of
calling a convention of the people, prescribing the
qualification of voters, and arranging the usual
details preparatory to the application for admis-
sion as a State. Indeed, sir, according to the
well-settled maxims of civil law, no people can
undertake to form or abolish a constitution, ex-
cept in obedience to the summons or invitation of
the existing legislative authority. It was in this
view that Congress has delegated these high and
important matters of legislative discretion to the
territorial government. You may take up any
enabling act passed by Congress, and you cannot
find a provision in it which is not involved either
in the specific grants or general delegation of
powers contained in the Kansas bill.
The conclusion which the language of the bill
authorizes is strengthened and sustained by its
history. When this bill was first reported, it
contained the usual power, which you find in all
territorial bills, of congressional veto, revocation,
or repeal of the territorial laws; but it was stricken ,
out, and the bill became a law, with no reserva-
tion of power to Congress touching this point,
limiting the broad grant of jurisdiction to the
Territorial Legislature " over all rightful subjects
of legislation." If the language of the bill and
its history could leave any doubt as to the correct-
ness of this construction, it would at once be re-
moved by a recurrence to the debates when the
bill was pending in Congress. The speeches of
both friends and foes are replete with tlie proof
of what I say. I could quote from the author of
the bill, and from its supporters in this House,
to show that their object was to transfer to the
people of Kansas the entire control over her in-
ternal affairs, including slavery, untrammeled by
any congressional legislation. BuJ, sir, it is not
necessary.
It may be said that, if this construction be true,
the bill embraced two entirely distinct and dis-
similar subjects: one organizing a Territory, and
the other providing for the admission of a State.
Well, sir, if I am not mistaken, this very objec-
tion was made, to wit: that the bill was against
all regular parliamentary procedure. And a dis-
tinguished gentleman from Missouri, after ex-
hausting his powers of invective, like a man in a
fight, reserving his most potent weapon for the last
blow, threw at the bill an immense word, which
sent our venerable Secretary of State, stunned and
reeling, to the dictionaries. He said it was " am-
phibological." But the framers of that bill wete
not after parliamentary symmetry or harmony of
outline. Their object was to settle great questions
of strife which threatened the integrity of the
Union; to bind in one compact and durable struc-
ture, the equality of the States, the authority of
Congress, and the glorious right of self-govern-
ment; to build a platform on which the rights of
every section in the Union might rise above the
turbulent waters of sectional strife, and proudly
defy all the attacks of fanaticism. In confirma-
tion of the view I have taken, I desire to invoke
the authority of the distinguished publicist and
jurist who is now lending his influence to the
enemies of the South and of Kansas. Mr. Robert
J. Walker, in his inaugural address, as Governor
of Kansas, speaking of the Lecompton conven-
tion, says:
''That convention is now about to be elected by von,
under the call of the Territorial Legislature created, and still
recognized by the authority of Congress, and clothed by it,
in the comprehensive language of the organic law, with fail
power to make such an enactment. The Territorial Legis-
