1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lias assembled; that James L. Orr, one of the Repre-
sentatives of the State of South Carolina, has been chosen
Speaker; and that the House is now ready to proceed to
business; and that the Clerk do go with the said message.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. CLINGMAN offered the following reso-
lution:
jResolved, That the rules of the last House of Represent-
atives be adopted as the rules of this House until otherwise
ordered, with an amendment as follows, viz: that there oe
added tothe23d rule the following words: Provided, That
whenever any committee shall have occupied the morning
hour ori two daj s, it shall not be in order for such commit-
tee to report further until The other committees shall have
been called in their turn."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.* I call for
the reading of the 23d rule, that we may see what
it is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. While the Clerk is look-
ing for it, I will take the opportunity of saying
this, so that gentlemen who are not conversant
with the rules may see the object of my proposi-
tion: By the existing rule a committee is called
in the morning hour. If it does not get through
its business that day it is entitled to be called a
second day, and a third, and so on; it is entitled
to the floor until it voluntarily resigns it. The
consequence is, that, at the long session of 1852,
one of the committees—the Committee on Public
Lands, of which I believe the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] has been some time a
member—got the floor and held it during the
whole of the long session, and during the whole
of the next short session; and no other committee
got an opportunity to report, in order, duringthat
Congress. At the next Congress, in 1854, that
same committee attempted the same thing. They
held the floor for two or three months, till finally
we succeeded in laying on the table several of
their bills, and then they abandoned it. At the
last Congress the same committee got the floor,
at an early stage of the long session, and held it
throughout the whole of that session and through-
out the whole of the short session. Any other
committees that accidentally got in their reports,
only succeeded in doing so by the courtesy of the
Committee on Public Lands.
If my proposition be adopted, the result will
be that, if a committee be callcd to-day, and do
not get through with their reports, they can con-
tinue them to-morrow; but after that they must
give way, and allow other committees to report
in their turn. By this means every committee
of the House will have an opportunity of report-
ing once or twice in each month, instead of
having the business blocked up in the way it has
been. I hope the resolution will be adopted. I
call the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, that I may offer a suggestion with
a view of having his proposition modified.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With pleasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman to append to his resolution, instead of
the proviso he proposes, a proviso raising a spe-
cial committee to revise the rules, with power to
report whenever they get ready to do so 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear the gentle-
man's suggestion with great pleasure, but I would
remind the gentleman that we had such a com-
mittee raised, but they never reported.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I
object now, in the beginning of the session, to
gentlemen farming out the floor in this way.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There are no rules which
the gentleman can call me to order for violating.
I was about to say that we have had a committee
on rules at every Congress of which I have been
a member, and that that committee has never
altered the rules. The gentleman himself, [Mr.
Campbell,] at the last Congress, or the Congress
before, had such a committee raised on his own
motion, and that committee never reported. I
made many appeals to it to come forward and
report; but it never did so, and the rules have
not been amended.
I have no doubt that we could get a committee
on rules, and that that committee would, as its
predecessors did, give some attention to the sub-
ject; but it would either not report, or the House
would not aet.
I desire to get this amendment adopted at this
time, for unless it is done now, a single objection
will defeat the motion throughout the whole Con-
gress. I hope, therefore, that gentlemen will be
content to take this amendment at this time; and
then, if there be a motion made to give us a com-
mittee on rules, I will support that likewise. I
now move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to suggest an amend-
ment to his proviso?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will, if I do not lose the
floor by it.
Mr. HOUSTON. My suggestion is this: the
proviso which the gentleman proposes 
Mr. SEWARD. If there are no rules, I should
like to know how the gentleman can put the pre-
vious question on his resolution.
The SPEAKER. We are acting under general
parliamentary law.
Mr. SEWARD. That is what I understand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question is
in order under parliamentary law.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment I would
suggest is this, and the gentleman will see the
force of it at once. It is to omit his proviso, and
instead thereof, insert a proviso that all bills re-
ported by the committees of the House shall be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
| state of the Union, or to the Committee of the
Whole House, unless the rules be suspended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have thought of that;
but it sometimes happens that committees report
bills and matters of such importance that they
ought to be acted on at once. My proposition
will answer every purpose, while the other would
produce embarrassment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Two thirds can always sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes; but the motion to
suspend the rules is in order only on Mondays.
I move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us vote down the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main-question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only six
members voting in favor thereof.
The main question was then ordered; and,un-
der the operation thereof, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble; which latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of 1
the House, to join such committee as maybe appointed on [
the paitof the Senate, to wait upon the President of the j
United States, and inform him that a quorum of tlie two j
Houses of CongreS* has assembled, and that Congress is j
ready to receive any communication lie may be pleased to j
make. j
Messrs. Florence, Q,i*itma\t, and Campbell
were appointed such committee on the part of the
House.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House
now proceed to vote for Clerk vim voce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I nominate for
Clerk of the House of Representatives, James C.
Allen, of the State of Illinois.
Mr. STANTON. I nominate for Clerk of the
House of Representatives, B. Gratz Brown, of
St. Louis, Missouri.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, Stanton, Bennett, and Ruffin
tellers to count the votes for Clerk.
The House then preceeded to vote vira voce for
Clerk, with the following result: Whole number
of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice, 110; of
which—
James C. Alien received    ...128
B. Gratz Brown   • ^
William Cullom    4
J.M.Sullivan  2
James C. Allen having received a majority of
all the votes cast, was declared duly elected Clerk
of the House. •
The following is the vote in detail:
For James C. Allen—Messrs. Adram, Aht, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocoek, Bonham,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman,
Horace P. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Chngman,
Cobb, John Cochrane,Coekerill, Corning, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige,Crawford,Curry,Davidson,Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Dewart,Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fotey, Garnett,
Gartreli, Gillis, Goode,Green wood,Gregg,Groesbeek, Law-
rence W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hick-
man, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huytey, Jackson,
Jenkins. Jewett,George W.Jones. J.GlancyJones, Owen
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Land^,
Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Orr, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Reilly, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, War-
ren, Watkins, White, Whitely, Wmslow, Wortendyke,
Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright.
For B. Gratz Brown—Messrs. Abbott. Andrews, Banks,
Bennett, Billinsrhurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton,
Butfinton, Burhngame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin,
Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Iowa, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawe«, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Fenton, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Gihnan, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Ivelsey,
Kilgore, Knapp, Leech, Leiter, Lovejoy, Matteson, Mor-
gan, Morrill. Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols. Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ritchie, ltobbins,
Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
aderC. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, and Wood.
For William Cullom—Messrs. Campbell, Ezra Clark,
Gilmer, and Maynard.
For J. AT. Sullivan—Messrs. Edie and Purviance.
Mr. Allen then presented himself at the
Speaker's desk, and was duly qualified by taking
the oath of office.
ELECTION OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. In orderto facil-
itate business, I submit the following resolution,
to which I presume there will be no objection:
Resolved, That Adam J. Glossbrenner be, and he there-
by, appointed Sergcanl-at-Arms for the Houst of Represent-
atives of the Thnty-Fifth Congress.
It is in order, Mr. Speaker, under the 67th
rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the resolution, and trust that the ordinary course
in such cases will be pursued.
Mr SMITH, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
resolution.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the election of a Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, for the present Congress.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I nominate Adam
J. Glossbrenner, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WALDRON. I nominate Charles B.
Babcock, of Michigan.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Sergeant-at-Arms, with the following result:
Whole number of votes, 213; necessary to a
choice, 107; of which—
Adam J. Glossbrenner received 133
Charles B. Babcock   80
The following is the vote in detail:
For JidamJ. Glossbrenner.—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Ander-
son, Arnold. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock,
- Bowie, Bovce, Branch. Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman,
| Horace F.Clark. John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, Clingraan,
I Cobb, John Cochiane, Coekerill, Corning, Cox, James
i Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of
I Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Devvart, Dimmick, Dowdell,
; Edmundson. Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
■ Foley, Garnett, Gaitrell.Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood,
| Gregs, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin,
! Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, HuyJer,
I Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
! Jones, Owen Jones, Kent. Kelly, Jacob M.
i Landv, Lawrence, Leidy, Letchei, Maclay.McKibbm, Mc
i Queen, Humphrey Marshall, SainupJ S. Marshall* Mason,
, I Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson,Montgomery. Moore, Isaac
' N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pmips, I hillips,
i Powell. Quitman, Readv, Reagan, Ricaud, Kuflin,
: ■ Russell. Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Seott, bearing, Reward,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shortoi, fickle*, femgleton,
Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William fermth. Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. frtewart, Talbot,
Georee Taylor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, \\ aid. Warren,
Watkins White, Whitelv, Window. U'oiiumiykc, Augns-
; tus R. Wright, John V. Wright, Zulheoffor, and Mr.
^For^Charlcs B. Babcock. — Me:«r<. Abbott, Andrews,
Banks, Bennett, Bilhnghmst, Bingham, Blait, Bliss, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cur-
