THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
tis, Damrell, Davis of Iowa, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Bdie, Fenton, Foster, Gid-
dlngs, Gilman, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert I>. Hall,
Harlan, Hoard, IIorton,IIoward, Kellogg, Keisey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leech, Leiter, Lovejoy, Matteson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mou, Murray,
Olirij Palmer, Parker, rettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvi-
ance,Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wil-
soh, and Wood.
Adam J. Glossbrenner having received a ma-
jority of the votes cast, was declared duly elected
£s Sergeant-at-Arms of the House for the Thirty-
Fifth Congress; and was accordingly sworn in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that a quorum of that body had as-
sembled, and were ready to proceed to business;
also .that it had, in the absence of the Vice Pres-
ident, elected Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick, of
Alabama, President pro tempore.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
George S. Hawkins, Representative from the
State of Florida, appeared, and qualified by taking
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
BINDING OF THE ESTIMATES.
Mr. HOUSTON. The estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury have been printed, and
are ready to be laid on the desks of members. I
desire to move that before they are so disposed
of, the Clerk be directed to have one copy Bound
for each member. I submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair has no informa-
tion to the effect that the estimates have been
delivered.
Mr. HOUSTON. They have not been laid
upon our desks yet; but they are in print. I
have a copy mysulf. I propose, for the conve-
nience of members, that before they are laid upon
our desks, one copy for each member shall be
bound.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF DOORKEEPER.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the House
do now proceed to the election for Doorkeeper of
the House for the Thirty-Fifth Congress by a
viva voce vote.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T nominate for
that office Robert B. Hackney, of Virginia.
Mr. FAULKNER. If there be no opposition
to Mr. Hackney's election, I move that he be
declared Doorkeeper.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall have no objection to
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia if he
will make a very slight modification in it—a change
of a word only. If the gentleman will substitute
the name of Mr. Darling for that of Mr. Hack-
ney, I shall bo perfectly satisfied. [Laughter.]
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman wishes
^o nominate any one, I will not press tho motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I nominate Nathan Darling,
of New York.
The SPEAKER appointed the following named
fentlemen as tellers to count the votes: Messrs.
'aulkneii, Cox, Morgan, and Grow.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Doorkeeper, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 206; necessary to a choice,
104; of which—■
Robert J«. Hackney leeeived 128
Nathan Darling    78
R. B. Hackney having received a majority of
all the votes cast, was declared duly elected Door-
keeper of the House for the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, and appeared and took the oath of office.
The following is the vote in detail:
For R. B. Hackney.—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Anderson,
Arnold, Atkiito, Avery, IJ.uk.-drilc, Bi>hop, Bocock, Bon-
bam, Bowie, Boyee, Bianeh, Burnett, Hiirn«, Oaskie, Chap-
ipan, Horace F. CUuk, John B. CUuk, Clay, Clemens,
Clingman, Cobb, John Cochiane, Coekenii, Coming. Cox.
James Craig. Burton Ciaice, (Jrawfoid, Curiy. Davidson,
Davis ot Indiana, Davi^ of Mis-M^ipju. Dew ait. Dimmick,
Dowdcll, Edmundson, Elliott, Erigh>h,Faulknei, Floience,
Foley, Garuett, Gartreil, Gtllis, Goode, Gioemvood, Giegg,
Groesbeek, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L. liarns, Ilaslan,
J4atch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, Houston, Ilnghos,
Huyier, Jackson, Jenkins, Jcwett. Gconre XV. Jones, J.
Clancy JpRfis, Owen Jones, Kent, Kelly, JacobM. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Lcidy, Letcher, Maclay, Me-
Kibbin,McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynaid,
Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Isaac N .Morris,
Nibiack,Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quit-
man, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stallvvorth, Stephens, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Warren, Watkins, White, Whifely, Wirislow, Wort-
endyke, Ward, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Mr. Speaker.
For N. Darling.—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Banks, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlin-
game, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cragin, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Iowa, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Foster, Gid-
dings, Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Hailan, Horton,Howard, Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp,
Leech, Letter, Lovejoy, Malteson, Morgan, Edward Joy
Morris, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn, Pal-
mer, Paiker, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, Bobbins,
Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Spinnor, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wilson, and
Wood.
APPOINTMENT OF POSTMASTER.
Mr. STEPHENS. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That Michael W. Cluskcy be, and is hereby, ap-
pointed Postmaster to the House of Representatives tor the
Thirty-Fifth Congress.
My objcct in offering the resolution is to save
time. I want to get through the organization of
the House, and then to adjourn.
The question was put; and the resolution was
agreed to.
The Speaker administered the oath of office to
Mr. Cluskey.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now move that the
House adjourn till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wish to suggest,
before that motion is put, the propriety of adopt-
ing a resolution that twelve o'clock be the hour
of meeting of the House daily till it be otherwise
ordered. The rules do not specify any hour of
meeting.
Mr. STEPHENS. The motion I made was
to adjourn till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WARREN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Georgia to withdraw his motion till
we draw for seats.
Mr. STEPHENS declined to withdraw his
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
thirty-five minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,
the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 8, 1857.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. David S. Retd, of North Carolina, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
ORGANIZATION OF CONGRESS.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. James C.
Allen, its Clerk:
Mi. PitnsnjrNT : I am directed, by tho House of Repre-
sentatives, to mfoim the Senate that a quorum of the House
has assembled, that Jamfs L. Orr, one of the Represent-
atives Iiom the State of South Carolina, lia>< been chosen
Spenker, and that the Ifon<e is ready to pioeeed to bn«ine^s.
The House of Uepiesentatives has passed an order for
the appointment ol a committee, on in pait, to join such
committee an may be appointed by tho Senate, to wait on
the President of the United States and inform him that a
(juoium of each Hou^c has a-^emblcd, and that Congics>&
is icady to leeeive any communication he may he pleased
to make, and has appointed Messrs. Florence of Pennsyl-
vania, tiurr.man ot Mi!>«i-?!>ippj, and Lewis D. Campbell
ol' Ohio, the committee on its pait.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of three members
be appointed, to ,|om such committee as may be appointed
by the House of Kepiesentativos, to wait on the President
of the United States and inform him that a quoium of each
Hou.--e ha  assembled, and that Congre^is icady to receive
any communication he may be pleaded to make.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
OrdereiU Tliat t!ip oommmee be appointed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
Messrs. Bright, Bigler, and Collamer, were
appointed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been requested to ask
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate
the papers relating to the claim of Carlisle and
Coxe, administrators of C. P. Van Ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire whether there has been an adverse
report in that case.
v Mr. PEARCE. The papers are asked to be
withdrawn for the purpose of reference to the
Court of Claims. I do not know whether there
has been an adverse report or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule, if there has been an adverse report in the
case, some explanation must be made, or some
additional testimony presented, before the papers
can be withdrawn.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether that
rule relates to the withdrawal of papers for the
purpose of^presentation to the Court of Claims.
I am aware of such a rule where the purpose is
to have them re-referred to a committee of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
inclined to think the establishment of the Court
of Claims varies the rule to that extent. The
Chair will regard the sense of the Senate as in
favor of withdrawing the papers, unless objected
to.
There being no objection, the papers were
withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the docu-
ments in relation to the claims of Chailes Reeder, Walter
R. Johnson, and the legal lepre&entatives of Thomas P.
Jones.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial and papers of Nathan Tow^on and others, members of
" Towson's aitilleiy," in the war of 1814.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That Mary Petery, widow ot Peter Pelery,have
leave to withdiaw hei petition and papers.
coast survey.
Mr. EVANS presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, in favor of the vigorous prosecution of the
coast survey; which were laid upon the table
until the standing committees shall have been
appointed.
binding of a report.
Mr. HALE. Estimates of the appropriations
required for the next fiscal year have been laid
upon the tables of Senators. The hook will be
frequently required for use, and it is not now in
a condition to be used. I therefore move that the
Secretary of the Senate be directed to procure one
copy of it to be bound for each member of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
notices of bills.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to detach the port of Selma, Alabama,
from the collection district of New Orleans, and
attach it to the collection district of Mobile,
Alabama.
A bill repealing all laws or parts of laws allow-
ing bounties to vessels employed in the bank or
other cod fisheries.
Mr. REID gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making an appropriation
for the removal of obstructions at the mouth of
Cape Pear liver, near Wilmington, North Caro-
lina.
RECESS.
Mr. MASON. It has been suggested by one
or two Senators that no business will or can be
done until we hear from the committee that has
gone to wait on the President of the United States.
In the mean time I suggest, at their instance, that
the chair be informally vacated, to allow Sena-
tors to leave the Chamber.
Thu PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard that as the sense of the Senate, un-
less objected to. The Chair hears no objection.
On the return of the committee, the President
pro tempore resumed the chair.
president's message.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the committee appointed
to wait upon the President of the United States,
appeared and said: Mr. President, the commit-
tee appointed on the part of the Senate to meet
a similar committee on the part of the House of
Representatives, for the purpose of informing the
President of the United States that the two Houses
were organized and ready to rcceive any commu-
