1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1§91
were in favor of submitting the constitution, when i
it should be framed, to a vote of the people. So j
you see, sir, that from the beginning to the end j
the free-State men were led to believe, and did i
believe, that, in any event, this constitution must ,
and would be submitted to the people, or that it
would be rejected by Congress. It was admitted
on all hands that the convention did not represent
the people of Kansas. No man pretended that
it represented the people of Kansas; and its mem-
bers did not pretend it themselves. They only
represented a very small fraction of the people ot
Kansas. Neither does the constitution now upon
our table represent the wishes of one in ten of
the people of Kansas. The people are opposed
to it, and they have resolved, by an emphatic vote
of more than ten thousand against it, that they
will have nothing to do with it. I trust the at-
tempt may never be made to force them to touch
the unclean thing.
•The nexft step in this programme was the elec-
tion of the Legislature last fall. Again the free-
State men were urged and implored by Governor
Walker to go to the polls and vote under the code
of laws. The more objectionable test oaths were
repealed, or decided to be null and void; they were
not operative. Through the influence of Gov-
ernor Walker, and by the advice, I believe, of
the Administration here, or of the President and
Secretary of State, perhaps, it was decided that
those test oaths should not be enforced, and that
the people, the bona fide residents of Kansas, who
had been there three months, should be entitled
to vote. Under these pledges, and believing that
Governor Walker was sinccrc and in earnest, and
that they would have a foir chance to express
their views through the ballot-box, they did goto
the polls and vote; they elected their Legislature
overwhelmingly; but the moment this was dis-
covered, new returns began to come in, and at last
up came a return from Oxford precinct, of John-
son county, with sixteen hundred fraudulent votes"
attached to that return list; and those sixteen
hundred fraudulent votes, if allowed, secured a
pro-slavery majority in the Legislature. I am in-
formed that the Cincinnati Directory was copicd
alphabetically until they had taken sixteen hun-
dred names, and returned them as having voted
at that election—Governor Chase voting the pro-
slavery ticket!
When Mr. Walker and Mr. Stanton learned
these facts, they said," we will go down to John-
son county and see whether this can be so."
They went down to Johnson county, and brought
up a report that there were some six houses in
that voting precinct; that there was a small village
across the street in Missouri; and they were in-
formed by the people there that not one'tenth of
the number returned as having voted there were
in the town during the two days the poll books
were open. They ascertained that there was not
one tenth of the number on the poll books in the
voting precinct; and ascertained that even the
Missourians had not come over in those numbers
and voted. Not because of the fraud, but because
these returns were not put in legal form, the Gov-
ernor rejected them. He did not claim that he
had a right to look into fraudulent returns; but
because they were returned to him illegally, he
threw thcuv out. Even the provisions of the law
under which they were acting were not complied
with; and therefore, for that reason, as he informs
us, he went behind the record. Up to this time
Governor Walker had done everything that had
been demanded of him; but for this one honest
act, for redeeming this one pledge, Mr. Walker's
head was dropped at the block. This alone was
his unpardonable sin. He had taken the respons-
ibility of throwing out these fraudulent returns,
when they had not even the color of law to thrust
them in; but for that act, and for that act alone,
his head was brought to the block. After he left
the Territory, Secretary Stanton saw fit to call the
Legislature together, as he assures us, to prevent
civil war or bloodshed, and he, too, lost his place.
But before I come to that, I will touch upon the
submission of this constitution to the people. Mr.
Buchanan, in his special message transmitting the
Lecompton constitution, says:
The question of slavery was submitted to an election
of the people of Kansas, on the 21st December last, in ohe-
diencc to the mandate of the constitution. Here aqrun a
fyir opportunity was presented to the adherents of the To*
noka constitution, if they were the majority, to decide this
exciting question 'in their own way,' and tans restore
peace to the distracted Territory: hut they again refused to
exercise their right of popular sovereignty, and again suf-
fered Hie election to pa« by default." * * * *
They now ask admission into the Union under this con-
stitution, winch is republican in inform. It is for Congress
to decide whether they wil) admit or leject the State which
has thus been created. For my own part, I am decidedly
in favor of it« admission, and thus terminating the Kansas
question. This will carry out the great principle of non-
intervention recognized and sanctioned by the organic act,
which declare^,511 expie s language, in favor of •' non in-
tervention by Congress witn slavery m the fc>tate<* orTeiri-
tones,'leaving 4 the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way,,
subject only to the Constitution of the United States.*"
Thus, you see, the President informs us that a
j fair submission of the slavery clause has been
I made to the people of Kansas. Now, sir, in the
I instructions of the President, and in the pledges
S given by Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
| ton, has there been one word said about submit-
; ting the slavery question to the people of Kansas ?
1 No,sir; notaword. It was the constitution, and
! the whole constitution, of Kansas, that was to be
, submitted to a fair vote of the people. But, sup-
, pose I admit, for the sake of the argument, that
i the greatimportant clause was that on the subject
of slavery ? I acknowledge no such thing, for it
was not the only one, still it was a very important
matter. But admitting, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that that was the all-important thing to be
submitted: was it fairly done? Was even that
! clause fairly submitted to a vote of the people?
j Section nine of the Lecompton schedule provides:
j "Any person offering to vote at the aforesaid election
; upon said con-utution. shall, it challenged, take an oath to
I suppoit the Constitution of the United States, and to &«m -
l poit this constitution, uuder the penalties of perjuiy under
: the territorial laws."
I The voter was required to take an oath to sup-
j port a constitution which he in his heart meant to
j subvert the very moment he could obtain power
j to do so. Would any honest man vote under j
such a test oath as that? No, sir; no honesf man j
could vote, for there was not a free-State man in j
that Terutory but what utterly abhorred, and j
would never support, that constitution, if it was j
in his power to resist it; and yet Mr. Buchanan |
! informs us that this was a fair submission of the j
I slavery clause to the people of Kansas! Let us j
! see whether it was a fair submission of even the j
i slavery clause. In case they voted out the slav- j
i- ery clause itself— '
't "Then the article providing for slavery shall be stricken !
' 1 from tln> constitution by the p;e<ident oi t'ni- convention, !
jt and slavery i-hall no longer exi=t in tire Stat<* of Kao^is, i
j; except that the ujiht of pioncrty in slaves shall m no man- i
j I ner be mteifered with." 1
!j So if they voted ooithe slavery clause, still the
;i right of property in slave4? could not be affected;
][ and there is another provision that any consfitu-
j! tional convention which nviy meet to amend this
j! constitution shall not interfere with slavery.
!; Thtre was no submission of the slavery clause;
I' and President Buchanan,if he had read this con-
stitution, must have known it. The right of prop-
erty in slaves, it was said, shaU never be inter-
fered with m this Territory, if they vote out the
; slavery clause. It was a fraud from beginning to
1 end. I have shown you how these laws were
i' enacted; and now, for fear some of those laws
ji might be repealed, they settle that point in this
constitution itself, by declaring:
■! " All tows now of force m th  ToiritoryofKansas which
! are not icpugnant to this corit-tituuon, shall continue to be
,! of foi ee until* altered, amended, or repealed, by a legislature
■' assembled under the provisions of this constitution."
! It must be remembered that the present Legis-
; lature of the Territory of Kansas'is a free-State
! Leffislature. The first act, of course, of that
; free-Stale Legislature would be to repeal the in-
k famous code; but to perpetuate their power they
: put into the constitution a bar to any action of the
!• Legislature on that code; and yet any man voting:
j' for that constitution swore to support that code,
|i swore that the present free-State Legislature
i1 should not alter those laws. There was 110 sub-
!i mission of this constitution to the people. It was
I'a fraud from the beginning to the end.
! I Besides, there was no punishment at that time (
J for illegal returns. Mr. Stanton says on this sub-
j ject:
I " I have alieady expiessed tliejrave doubts r entertain as
! to the pem-et of the Legislature in any manner to interfere
!' with tho proceeding of the convention. But there can be
K no question as to jour authomv to piovide, bv a suitab.e
i, law, for a fair expression of the will of the people upon the
'' vital question of approving the constitution."
This is in his message to the free-State Legis-
lature. Again he says:
"The laws now prevailing in this Territory provide for
the pioper punishment of illegal arid fraudulent voting, but
there is no provision which will reach the case of fraudulent
returns The case of the late Oxford precinct in Jamison
county was an enormity so gieat that it has nowhere b£en
defended or justified. Yet the evil'cotfsequences of it are
peon «n the fact that even the late convention lias be£n-e©
far imposed upon that in its apportionment for the State
Legislature, under the constitution, it lias assigned to John-
son county four representatives, which must necessarily be
based on the notoriously false returns from that county. In
Older to meet the apprehensions naturally growing out of
these ciieumstance-i. I recommend the adoption of a pro-
vision making  t felony, with suitable punishment, for any
judge or clerk of election knowingly to place on the poll
books the names of persons not actuallv present and voting,
or otherwise corruptly to make false returns, either of the
election held by order of me convention, or of any other
election to be held in this Territory."
Here, sir, is what was recommended by Sec-
retary Stanton to the Legislature, to prevent
frauds. The constitution was submitted to the
people, to a fair vote of the people, under the au-
thority of law, by the present Legislature of Kan-
sas; and it was rejected by the people, by a ma-
jority of more than ten thousand votes; while it
is proven that at the former submission, on the
21st of December, of the six thousand pro-sla-
very votes cast, not exceeding two thousand were
actual voters in the Territory of Kansas. They
were fraudulently made up. We have returns
again from Oxford precinct as outrageous as the
first. We have almost the whole vote of John-
son county a fraudulent vote; arid upon that vote
are based four members of the Assembly and one
or two of the other branch.
I deny, then, that this constitution has been
!| submitted to the people of Kansas in any proper
H form but once, and thea it was rejected by an
'i overwhelming vote of more than ten thousand.
|j Then the returning of fraudulent votes could be
! punished. It was made felony. No man dared
j bring in a fraudulent return, for he would go to
| prison for so doing; but at the fraudulent election
j of December21st, when fraudulent returns might
be received, accepted, and counted, it was done.
Complaint was made here the other day, th#
some of the officers of Kansas had fled for fear of
their lives. I should think they-would flee for
fear of their lives. They have come to the only
city of refuge that can afford them any protection.
They have committed crimes in Kansas against
the law, and if they go there they will be pun-
ished according to lav/,and if they ever get their
deserts it will be at tho pnd of a halter. I should
think they would dread the Territory of Kansas,
and the climate there as unhealthy for their par-
ticular complaints.
Mr. President, we have upon our table a very
singular document. I do not know what business
it has here, but it is here. I should not consider
mvseif entitled to quote from it, or talk about it,
if It had not been laid upon our table in an official
manner. In accordance with resolutions of the
Senate of the 16th and 18th of December last, re-
quiring the President to furnish certain informa-
tion concerning the government of Kansas, he has
transmitted to us a letter from some gentlemen in
New Haven and his reply to them. I do not know
what business that has here, but being laid on our
table I suppose it is a fair subject for comment. In
this Senate Document No. o, at page 74, Presi-
dent Buchanan says:
" Slavery existed at that period and still exists in Kansas,
under the Constitution of the United States. This point has
ar i i-t been finally decided by the lushest tribunal known
to our laws. How itcould ever have been seriously doubted
is a mystery."
How that assertion ever could have been made
is to me a mystery. We have very distinguished
authority for entertaining doubts. In a letter of
Mr. James Buchanan, dated Washington, August
25, 1847, directed to a Harvest Home of the De-
mocracy of Berks county, Pennsylvania, I find
this language:
" After Louisiana wa? acquired from France by Mr. Jef-
ferson. and when the State of Mis^oun, winch constituted
a part of it. \v<k about to be admitted into the Union, the
M1—nun qut-Mion aiose, and. in it? progtesp, threatened the
dissolution of the Union. This was  settled by the men of
tue la-t generation, as other iuipoi tarit and dangerous ques-
tions have been settled, m a spirit of mutual concession.
Under the Missouri compromise, slavery was « forever mo-
hihit"d5 north ot the parallel of 3o5 30': and south of this
pnaiiel the question \va* left to be decidcd by Uepeoplc.
mV admi.-,ion of Tex.u>, follow!!.* !  *•«* 
of their prwlocewn™. adopted tho same ™lo
m; opinion j the harmony of tin* bt.ites, and eun f'3e *
