1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
the validity of the titles by which they hold their j
lands? Is the Government of the United States I
doing1 it? Not at oil. Arc private parties doing j
it ? Suppose they are: why not let them go into !
the courts and adjust their difficulties there? And
besides that, I am reminded that it is expressly
provided in this bill that all that you do is to re-
linquish the claims of the Federal Government,
and you then turn the parties over—the squatters
and others—to contesttheir rights before the courts
of theTei ritory. Now, it seems to me that if there
is nobody controverting the rights of the parties,
the best thing We can do is t<i dispose of tins bili
by rejecti'ng it, and go on with something about
which there is need of legislation.
Mr. BLAIR. If the gentleman will allow me,
I wish to say a word.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman says there is no
controversy about these 'and titles.
Mr. LETChlER. .None at ail.
Mr. BLAIR. And that we are making a con-
troversy.
Mr. Letcher. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, I wish to say that, under
the decision of the Supremo Court, the people of
New Mexico have really no titles to their lands at
all.
Mr. LETCHER, \yhat does that matter, if
they have possession, use, and enjoyment of the
lands, and nobody is contesting iheir rights?
Mr. BLAIR. "They cannot drive trespassers
off the lands, because they have no titles to go
into court with. They cannot sell the land, be-
cause they have no title fiom tin- Government of
the United States, and the Supreme Court does
not recognize the Spanish tides.
Mr. LETCHER. The treaty expressly rec-
ognizes th^m. If I undeistand language, the
treaty expressly recognizes the titles in so many
words. And suppose any parties should under-
take to eject them from their lands: those parties
would have to show a better title in themselves
than the titles of the parties whom they are seek-
ing to eject.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. LETCIIER. Well, then, how can there
be any controversy?
Mi. BLAIR. I will say to the gentleman from
Virginia that the Supreme Court, which is the final
interpreter of all our laws and tieaties, have in-
terpreted pi«t such a treaty as this as conferring
no title upon any peison, without legislation of
this kind bv the Government, and confirmation.
Mr. LETCHER. I have a single remark to
make m reply to the genth man from M.ssourt. If
they have no titles, how do they hold the lands
now } How is it that they are in possession of the
lands at a!! ?
Mr. IjLATR. Under theMexioau Government.
Mr. LETCIIER. Very well; did the treaty
desfioy that possession1
Mr. CLAIR.. No, sir, it did not desfioy it.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly not. Then, if it
did not, they aie now in exactly the same posi-
tion in relation to the possession and enjoyment
of the land that they were before the treaty was
made—exactly the same. They are no worse olf.
I think, therefore, that there is no need of any
legislation upon this subject.
"Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquire of my col-
league if he has made any estimate of what would
be the cost to the national Treasury under this
bill? And, m that connection, i ask^Mm to per-
mit me to have read a very extraordinary para-
graph from the. report of the Secretary of War,
made in 185v2—remarking, however, that I dojiut
concur in his idea of the abandonment of New
Mexico.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the cost
of this board of commissioners will be oetv/een
sixteen or twenty thousand doiiais.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upwards of twenty
thousand dollars.
Mi. LETCIIER. And we have never derived
a dollar from the ?:\!e of lands in New Mexi-rn yet.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask ior the reading of
the extract from the report of the Secretary of
War, winch I have sent to tne Clerk's uesk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Hy the la-i ceiiMi«. the total population of New Mexico,
ev:c!u -ive of wild 1 ethane, w.e  (.in i mind uuittbei*-) vixtj -
one tliou-an.i soul*, and it-- whole real c*s>t«Uc vy. s e$tn iate(,
at {in lound numbois) $*2,700,000.
" To protect tins small population, vfe are compelled to
maintain alarsre military foice at an annual expense nearly
equal to half the value of the whole real estate of the Ten i-
toiy. Would it not be better to induce the inhabitants to
abandon a country which seems hardly fit iorthe habitation
of civilized men, by remunerating them for then property in
nionev, or in lands situated in inoie favoied regions? liven
if the Government paid 'or the property quintuple its value,
it would still, merelv on the score ol'economy, be largeh the
gainer by the transaction; and the troops nmv stationed in
New Mexico would be available for the protection ofothei
poitions of our own and of the Mexican territory "
Mr. SANDIDGE. I withdraw the first branch
of the amendment.
The second branch of the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. OTERO. I should like to know whether
I may reply to the report of the Secretary of War
which has "been referred to? He knows nothing
of the condition of things in New Mexico, and
does that people great injustice.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
now.
Air. SANDIDGE. I move to amend by adding
the following as an additional section:
ftFc. —. Thar ten yeat-.' peaceable possession, with con-
tinuous jesulcnee puor to the aequi>iuon of the Territory
by thetieaty ot Guadalupe Uulahro, bhail entitle the settlor
to ^:x bundled and foitj acres of land, embiacingtho home-
stead.
I am entirely opposed to the substitute of the
gentleman from Kentucky; but thinking the House
may possibly adopt it, I have offered this amend-
ment with a view of making it as perfect as I can.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op-
posed to the amendmentoffered by the gentleman
from Louisiana. The object of thatamendmeutis
to confer upon early settlers who have been upon
a piece of land, whether with or without title, for
a period of ten years, the means of obtaining six
hundied and fortv acres of land, whether it was
i included in any concession or not. I am opposed
to that. Ineverwasa homestead man. Itamounts
to nothing more nor less than giving to every man
theie six hundred and forty acres of land for
nothing. Now, I am willing to give these people
of New Mexico their titles to the land which they
are entitled to; but I am not willing to give them
six hundred and forty acrcs apiece by settling
there for ten years.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I will just say that this
provision is precisely such as was made in respect
to Louisiana.
Mr. GREEXWOOD. It seems that we are at
a perfect stand still. This bill was discussed all
day yesterday', and is i'kely to take up the re-
mainder of the time set npart for territorial busi-
ness. If it be in order, for the purpose of bring-
ing this matter to a close, I will ni ae to strike
!' out the enacting clause. It may then go to the
! House, and if the House see £t to pass it, let them
; | pass it.
Several Members. Do not make that motion.
Mi. GREENWOOD. Very well; I will not
| make the motion ]ust now.
I: The amendment to the substitute was then
agreed to; and the substitute, as amended, was
agreed to.
!j "The hill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
; reported to the House with Hie. leeommendation
that it do pass.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON
The bill (H. R. No. 56) making an appropria-
tion for the completion of the military road from
Astoria to Salem, in Oregon Territory, was next
taken up for consideration.
The bill provides that the sum of $.30,000 be
appropriated for the completion of the miliLuy
roau ft om Astoria to Salem, to be completed under
the direction of the Secretory of War.
Mr. FAULKNER moved that the bill he laid
aside to be reported to the lions.' with a iveom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must obicct to
that bill being laid a<'ide, unles-: u 'or* with the
recommendation that it do not pass: and i *u. mit
that motion. I have not heard one word why we
should build these roads; not on.'.
Mr. QUITMAN. I unuei&icuid tin.-; bill has
passed through the Military Cornm'ttee. The
principle which I have laid down for myself, in
regard to the construction of these m'htsry loads,
has been m-ver to lend my assistance to the con-
struction of any of these roads unless they were
military roads, and would subserve the military
Tuuposes of the Government; and I wish to ask
ueiiucutuii
.V
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
who has acted as chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs during my absence, whether
there is any report of the Quartermaster General
showing the propriety or necessity of construct-
ing these roads for military purposes, temporary
or permanent ?
Mr. FAULKNER. The Committee on Mil-
, itary Affairs have in no instance made a report to
I this House of an appropriation for any road, as
1 an original appropriation. In notasingleinstance,
where a proposition has been presented to the
, committeeasan original appropriation to construct
P a military road, have they granted it. The only
j reports which have come from the Committee on
!1 Military Affairs for military roads have been for
; the completion of such roads as have been here-
tofore recognized by Congress, and for which
 ! small sums are now a^ked for their completion.
Mr. QUITMAN. The gentleman has not fully
answered my question. I would like to know
whether the War Department now regards a fur-
ther addition in the way of appropriation as ne-
cessary for military purposes? It may be that
this year a road may be indispensable for the trans-
poi tation of troops and munitions of war, and the
next year the necessity for it may have entirely
i ceased. Therefore, I have been in the habit of
; 'acting on these questions with reference to the
i continued necessity of the proposed roads for mil-
itary purposes. 1 have propounded the interrog-
atory in good faith.
*Mr. FAULKNER. I will remark to my friend
from Mississippi that in no single case have the
Committee on Military Affairs leported a bill for
completion of any of these military roads except
j' under recommendations from the War Depart-
'! ment.
j' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the War
i; Department recommend this.
|i Mr. FAULKNER. It does. It will be seen
j: that the report from the topographical bureau ac-
j; companymg the report of the Secretary of War
\ \ asks for $30,000 to complete this road from As-
N toria to Salem. No, sir, [in reply to some mem-
i; her,] we have not cut down this appropriation.
i1 In not a single instance has theCommittee on Mil-
, • itary AlYdirs sanctioned an original application.
; They arc all cases heretofore recognized by Con-
; gross as military roads, and where money has
been asked for their completion. The sums ap-
j pronriated were in all instances asked for by the
I proper Department to complete'these roads,
i * Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask my friend
if the recommendation of which he speaks is to
|l the pomtthat this appropriation isnow necessary,
: in order to the construction or completion of a
I road, which is requited at this time in order to
j carry on the military operations of theGovern-
■] ment3 Or is it simply a declaration that some
: thnty thousand dollars will be necessary to com-
|' plete" that road, without reference to the fact
whether the road be necessary or not?
,'i Mr. FAULKNER, It is recognized as a mil-
i itary road in the law of Congress, which passed
j! in 3S55, when an appropriation was first made
for it. It was again recognized as such at a sub-
j sequent penod,byan additional appropriation,
i The communications from the War Department
! do not. in their last report, indicate any military
'■ advantages winch may arise from them; but they
'■ recommend $*30,000 to complete the road, accord-
ing to the original design and intention of Con-
gress.
Mr. LANE. Mi. Cliaiimnn, I will say that
this, i oud war, recommended by the late Secretary
■ of \V:.r essential for mihrarv purposes, and
absoin\ ly i in port ant m a military point of view.
Tii-< G.-iVci-ibViif, 1 will rematk, has not ex-
pended one dollar for the defense of the Oregon
coast—not a dollar. Yet, sir, it is known that the
montii of the Columbia river was accessible to an
enemy at any moment, while it was inaccessible
ftoia "tne settled portions of the Territory m tho
winter season, for the reason that the Columbia
i:ver is often froz.cn uo for months. The Secre-
tai y of War ascertained that, for the protection and
defense of Astoria, there should be some eomrmi-_
nscatiou onened through the Willamette valley;
and he recommended to Confess to make an ap-
nroDriation for that purpose. An officer of the
engineer department has been placed m charge of
this work for which this appropriation is asked
now. Some forty thousand dollars have been
