2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
expended in it, and the report shows that it is
opened so that it can be traveled by horses and
pack males. Thirty thousand dollars is neces-
sary to complete it so that military trains can pass
overit. It is for military purposes alone that the
road is asked.
The question was taken on the motion that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do not pass; and it
was disagreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
WAGON ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
The next bill on the Calendar was taken up,
being a bill (H.* R. No. 479) making £in appropri-
ation for the construction of a wagon and emigrant
road in the Territory of New Mcxico.
The bill was reported back to the House with
an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside lo be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 58) for the completion of military roads
in the Territory of Washington, reported back
with an amendment.
The first section of the bill appropriates $10,000
for the purpose of completing the military road
from Fort Steilacoom across the Cascade mount-
ains to Fort Walla-Walla, in the Teiiitory o*f
Washington; the road to be constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of War; and the pend-
ing amendment was as follows:
Strike out the following:
" Sec. 2. And be it fuitkcr enacted, That the Secietary
of Waraseeitam and pay the amount actually expended by
the citizens of the Territory of Washington, in 1850, on so
much of tho-said road from Fort Steilacoom to the mount-
ain as was cut by them, and adopted a* a part of the road
provided lor in this hill by the United .States officer in eliaige
of the same ; and that Mich amount is hereby appiopnated
out of any moneys in the Treasiuynot otheiwise appiopn-
ated.
"■ Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the following
sums he, and the same are hereby, appropriated out of any
moneys m the Treasury not othei wU p appropuated, for the
completion of mtlitaiy roads in the Territoiy of Washing-
ton ; tor the completion of the military ioud fioni Foi t Van-
couver to Fort Steilacoom, including bridges ovei the rivets
and sticmnson the worked poition of the load, Ss'20,000.
For the completion of the mihtaty toad fiom Foit Vancou-
ver to the I)alle«, $80,(100; the said sums to he expended
under the direction of ihe tfecretaiy of Wai."
And 111 hen thereof insert:
And he it further enacted, That the sum of #15,000 is ap-
propriated for the eompleiion of the military road nom Foit
Vancouver to Fort Steilacoom, in the Toiritoiy of Wash-
ington.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Can there
be a division on striking out those sections ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clniir (htnks not.
Mr. vSTICVENSjOf Washington. I have a sin-
gle word lo say. The second section proposes to
reimburse to the people of Washington for work
done in 1853. The appropriation for the road
was made in 185'2, with the provision that the
work should be done b.y contract, to be approved
by the Secretary of War. The citizens of the
Territory, learning that the appropriation had
been made, went to work and cut a portion of
ihe road, and when the officer having charge of
the road arrived there, he continued the same
force, making a contract with them. Had it not
been for the provision of law making a contract
imperative, he would have approved of the work
done, and paid for it. The road was essential to
the coming in of emigrants during that season.
11 has been essential since to the military defense.
There were no settlers at all on that road, and the
work was done by subscription, a few dollars
being raised from cach man in all sections of
the Sound counties. It inured to the benefit of
no single man, but to the benefit of all. It inured
to the benefit of the military defenses of the coun-
try, and the benefit of the emigrants coming that
" season. And for these reasons, sir, I trust the
section will not be stricken out.
I will furthermore say that this reimbursement j
has been recommended by the officer in charge, j
It has been recommended by Captain McClelland 1
and Lieutenant Arnold, and by the Secretary of;
War. It has also been recommended by the Com- :
mittee on Military Affairs of the House at the i
last session. j
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that the amendment will i
not pass. It seems to me that the condition of the
settlers there is similar to what it is in every other
new Territory; and it may be that in retaining
that section we may establish a dangerous pre-
cedent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I propose
to offer an amendment to the amendment, so as
to limit the expenditure of the $15,000 between
the Cowlitz plains and Monticello, on the road
from Fort Vancouver to Steilacoom. The object
of my amendment is this: they have a road which
has partially progressed from Fort Steilacoom to
the Columbia river, but not in the direction ex-
actly of Fort Vancouver. As I understand it,
when you reach the head of the Cowlitz river, the
proposed road follows down that river to Monti-
cello, on the Columbia river. Then you will have
to go thirty or forty miles up the river to reach
Fort Vancouver.
The idea I have in offering this amendment is
to open a military road from Fort Steilacoom
across to the Columbia river. It is not proposed
—at least I have not heard it proposed—that we
shall build the road up the Columbia river to Fort
Vancouver. I want to connect the Columbia
river by a good military road with the waters of
Puget sound. By stopping at Monticello you put
yourself in the condition of having a road con-
nection with Salem. I want to confine the appro-
priation between Monticello and Cowlitz plains.
Mr. FAULKNER,. I do not think the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky
altogether judicious, although I do not attach
much importance to it. This road, which is now
the subject of an appropriation, is a road that has
always been characterized, in all previous appro-
priations, as a road from Fort Steilacoom to Fort
Vancouver. It has been completed from Fort Steil-
acoom to the Cowlitz plains, and it is estimated
by the engineer in charge that it will take $15,000
to complete it to Monticello, and $25,000 to com-
plete it to Fort Vancouver. We have thought
proper, however, only to make the appropriation
recommended by the engineer ($15,000) between
the Cowlitz plains and Monticello.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, That is
what I want to confine it to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I see no necessity to con-
fining it to that point, if the $15,000 will extend
the road beyond Monticello, in the direction ori-
ginally designed. If the road can be extended
to Fort Vancouver, why not let it be extended >
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The com-
mittee, as the gentleman states, design to give
the appropriation of $15,000, that the officer in
charge may complete the road to Monticello.
There it is the intention of the committee that he
stop. Whether ho shall go on with the $25,000
is another thing. My own judgment is that he
should not. But it is plain, as the amendment
of the committee stands without limitation, the
money may be spent, and not a dollar of it spent
between the Cowlitz plains and Monticello. You
may commence at Fort Vancouver and make a
road down the river. You may spend twenty-five
or fifteen thousand dollars, and leave us with a
road partially made from Fort Steilacoom to the
Columbia river, and partially from Fort Vancou-
ver d&wn the river.
Mr. FAULKNER. I did not know that it was
the idea of the committee that this road should
terminate at Monticello, or that it was the pur-
pose of the committee, m any degree, to depart
from the original design to make that road from
Fort Steilacoom to Fort Vancouver. The appro-
priation of §15,000 recommended by the engi neer,
it is true, is, as the gentleman from Kentucky
- states, designed to be used for the completion of
! the road between the Cowlitz plains and Monti-
cello; but I see no particular reason for confining
it to those two points. If, by the appropriation,
it can be extended further, I was not aware that :
it was the purpose of the committee to depart from I
' the original design of Congress to complete the j
i road from Fort Steilacoom to Fort Vancouver. I
However, I sec no great objection to the amend- '
' mentof the gentleman from Kentucky. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is peace in j
Washington Territory; and, while peace exists, :
is it wise and proper in the time of pcace to make
these expenditures for military purposes?
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must recollect that the condition of affairs in :
Washington Territory is still unsettled and very I
precarious. There is no moment of time when
there may not be a condition of war between that
people and the Indians. But that is hardly a
proper inquiry now. The policy of this road be-
tween these two points has, upon full investiga-
tion, been recognized by Congress. So far as the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
concerned, I feel no particular objection to it. In
preparing the bill, I did not suppose that it was the
intention of the committee to terminate the road
at Monticello.
Mr. Marshall's amendment was adopted.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs was also adopted.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
WAGON ROAD TO THE SOUTH PASS.
A bill (II. R. No. 3G9) making an appropria-
tion for the completion of the Fort Ridgeley and
South Pass wagon road was next taken up.
It appropriates $50,000, or as much thereof as
may be necessary, for the completion of the wagon
road already authorized from Fort Ridgely, in
the State of Minnesota, to the South Pass of the
Rocky Mountains, in the Territory of Nebraska;
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the. Interior, pursuant to contracts to be
made by him.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an
amendment to the bill to reduce the amountof the
appropriation to £30,000.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
then laid aside to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
a bill (H. R. No. 178) for the construction of mil-
itary roads in the Teintory of Washington, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill proposes to appropriate the following
sums of money for the construction of military
roads in the Territory of Washington:
Fiom some eligible point at or near the mouth of Colum-
bia t ivei, via Shoal water bay and Gi egg's harbor, to Olym-
pia, $"00,000. From Seattle, on the eastern shore of Puget
sound, to Fort Oolville, ,v>)0,000. Fiom Oiympia to the
lmhtaiy po^t near Port Towns-end, $'50,000; the said sums
to be expended under the direction oi the Secretary of War.
Mr. FAULKNER. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs reported against the expediency of
constructing those roads.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend the bill by increasing the appropriations
one dollar. I simply desire to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that the construction
of these roads has been very strongly urged by
the War Department. The following is the re-
port of the officers of the bureau of topograpical
engineers m reference to them:
Bureau of Topographical ILnoineers,
Washington, May 4, 1858.
Sir: In addition to the infoimation furnished by tins bu-
reau on the 13th of February ia t. m an&wei to alettei from
the Hon. Mr. Faulkvhr, ot tne Mihtmy Committee of the
House of Repiest ntatives, in ielation to the constiuction of
certain militaty loads in Oicgoti and Washington Temto-
nes, f have the honor ol tran^mtttinir heiewith a copy of a
icpoit tiom LieurenantG. II Mendell, coips topogiaphical
engineer*, the officer in the immediate chaige of the con-
struction of roads m these Teiiitone<, giving his views m
regard to those refenui to in the letter of Mr. Faulkner.
Respectfully, tir, your obedient servant,
J. O. WOODRUFF,
Captain Topographical Engineers, Assistant in Charge.
Hon. John 13. Floyd, Secretary of \Var.
San Francisco, California, Jlpril 2, 1858.
Major: In accordance witn jour injunctions, J submit
the following lupoit on bills Nos 5( , 58, and ITS :
1. Bill No. 5(5, in relation lo the Astona and Salem mili-
tary load.
In refeience to this subject, i have nothing to add to my
recommendation m my last annual leporr which, on pre-
count of the unevenne^of the con any, as ai^oof the dense
timbei with winch it is covered, lecommends an additional
appropi lation ot £'*0.000.
2. Bill No. 5S. mihtarv road from Fort Steilacoom to Foit
Walla-Walla, Washington Terntoiy.
Fiom what I have been able to learn by inquiry from the
most leltable somces within my reacft, I am quite of the
opinion that the sum contemplated would not be sufficient
at the pre?.ent time to give the road that permanence which
id durable. It is rnv belief that no waron ha^ ever passed
over tilts route ftorn thewe=t; and that fifty miles of the
road ea«t of Poitei's piairie (which is at the lowei cios=ing
of White river) will requne a larri* expenditure in irunimg,
cuffing, and bridging, to make it practicable. Fi^e hundied
dollars per mile I should regard as a low estimate—in all,
§-25,000.
In a military point of view, all roads crossing the Cascadc
