6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A division of
the motion is in order.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have nothing
to say on the particular branch of the motion
under consideration; but I wish to address a word
or" two to the general question. Perhaps I owe
an apology to the Senate for saying a word, be-
cause the question that has arisen seems to be a
sort of family matter in which an outsider ought
not to interfere. If it were not that I supposed
there was some responsibility attached to all of
us here, I should not say a word.
When I address myself to this subject, I am
not at all embarrassed by having to say that I ap-
prove of any part of the message, or that I was
one of the friends of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
and am very desirous to see the principles of that
act carried out. I do not exactly understand what
the principles of that act were; but I believe the
President is carrying them out pretty fairly. I
do not mean to say that he is carrying out the in-
teption that existed m the heart of the patriotic
fentleman who framed it and brought it in here;
ut as a matter of public policy, and as a matter
of the politics of the country, I believe that the
act has been pretty fairly carried out ever since
it was adopted, and that it is proposed to be so
carried out now.
But there is a single assertion made by the Pres-
ident of the United States in his message, upon
which I wish to make an issue—not an issue of
veracity, of course—but of history, and of fair
construction of language. As I understand his
message from the hurried reading I have given it,
the President labors very hard to explain away
some little inadvertencies which he may have
committed in deference to this principle of pop-
ular sovereignty in his instructions to Governor
"Walker. He says—honest, simple-hearted man
as he is!—lie never had a doubt that this question
was to be fairly submitted to the people of that
Territory. It was in the exercise of this com-
fortable assurance, this Christian faith, that it
would be so carried out that he penned those lines
in Governor Walker's instructions. After hav-
ing done this, he goes on to argue that on the
whole it has been carried out, and at last comes
to the conclusion, that—
" In the fcohodule providing for the transition from a ter-
ritorial to a Btute Kovernment, the question has been fairly
and explicitly reloired to the people, wiiethei they will have
a conslituuun with or without slavciy.1'
Wow, sir, [ deny this entirely; and when I deny
it I do so in the manner I have stated. I make
no question of veracity with any one, but I base
the denial upon the construction of words, the
meaning of language. I have read a paper which
purports to bo the constitution and the schedule,
and I take it for granted, until the contrary ap-
pears, that it is a true copy. Instead of that con-
stitution and schedule submitting to the people
of Kansas the question whether they will have
a constitution with or without slavery, it submits
to them the question whether they will have the
constitution—the difference between the definite
and indefinite article—with slavery in the consti-
tution, and in the schedule too, or whether they
will simply have slavery in the schedule so tied
up that it can never bo abolished. That is the
question submitted; because, tf I have read the
constitution aright, if the people vote to have the
constitution without, slavery, then the article pro-
viding for slavery in the constitution is to be
stricken out, but the schedule remains, which
makes slavery perpetual, and gives a monopoly to
those who own slaves now in the Territory, keep-
ing off outsiders, and thus enhancing their price.
The people of Kansas go to the polls, the Pres-
ident says, to vote upon what has been '' fairly
andexplicitly"submitted to them. Suppose they
vote for the constitution without slavery. What
then? They only get the latter clause of slavery:
the article in the constitution tolerating slavery
is stricken out, but the schedule, which goes into
detail, which makes it binding, which ties up the
hands of the Legislature, and attempts to tie up
the hands of all future conventions, so that sla-
very can never be touched there, remains. This
is the perfect liberty which the people of Kansas
have.
I was rejoiced when I heard the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, who was the author of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, intimate that at some time
he would give his views upon the subject. I
should like to know whether this is the perfect
freedom which he understood the people of Kan-
sas were to have; but I believe he has indicated
that he does not think so. Now, I wish to tell
you what the President says. He declares that
"Thefriends and supporters of the Nebraska and Kan-
sas act, when struggling on a recent occasion to sustain its
wise provisions beiore the great tribunal of the American
people, never differed about its true meaning on this sub-
ject."
That struggle, that great struggle of which the
President speaks, occurred at the time when he
was a candidate for the Presidency of the United
States. He says that on that occasion " every-
where throughout the Union," the friends of that
bill—he means those who supported James Buch-
anan—
" Everywhere throughout the Union they publicly pledged
their faith and their honor that they would cheerfully sub-
mit the question of slavery to the decision of the dona fide
people of Kan&as, without any restriction or qualification
whatever."
Well, sir, the President says they have done
this. He says they have submitted the ques-
tion, " without any restriction or qualification
whatever," to the people of Kansas. Upon that
point I desire to speak. I am not embarrassed
by any of the other questions which have been
referred to, but upon this question I desire, at
some suitable time, when it will be most conve-
nient to the Senate, to be heard;and I give notice
now to those who care anything about what I
may say upon this question, I take issue with
the President. I deny in whole and in part, in
general and in detail, that the pledge spoken of
by the President has, in any manner, been re-
deemed; but, on the contrary, I assert that, in no
sense, general or special, have the people of Kan-
sas, by this constitution, the right of deciding
upon the institutions under which they may live.
It is no apology for the President to say that after
they come into the Union as a State they may
amend the constitution, and blot out whatever is
obnoxious; because, by the constitution which
he recommends, and desires us to adopt, the men
who have framed it have done everything they
could to tie up the hands of the bona fids people
of Kansas. If they have this liberty left, if a
liberty of any sort remains to them to judge and
determine as to their institutions, they will not
have it in virtue of this constitution, nor in vir-
tue of the proceedings of the Lecompton conven-
tion; but they will have it in spite and in defiance
of this constitution, by riding over it, and tramp-
ling its authority under foot, in virtue of the great
principle of popular sovereignty, of which this
is but a mockery. Having said this much, I do
not wish any longer to detain the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. If I thought it was expe-
dient, Mr. President, that this day should close
upon a debate on the President's message—a doc-
ument which surveys the condition of the whole
country, and presents to mankind the state of
every interest in it—or is intended to do so, while
only one question, and that the question con- !
corning Kansas and slavery in Kansas, was ex-'
amincd or considered or rcllectcd upon by the
Senate of the United States, I should not. think
it necessary to say anything. In regard to that,
I agree that the debate which has been indicated
is well postponed. I see that it enlists an affirm-
ative and a negative side. We have been prom-
ised, on the part of the friends of the President .
of the United States who approve of this message
and the principles contained in it, an explanation,
a defense of it. I am sure I feel for one that the
message is very lame and impotent in its argu-
ment in this respect; and that something more
will be necessary to satisfy me with the position
assumed by the President than is contained in
the document itself. I am willing to wait until
we shall hear, as I think the country will require
to hear, the argument which is promised in sup-
port of this part of the message.
On the other hand, as the President and those
who differ from him stand on a common ground
ill the beginning of this debate, that of the accept-
ance of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, I feel that it
is due to those members of the Senate who, stand-
ing upon that ground, differ from the President
in the exposition he now gives of those prin-
ciples at this stage in the progress of Kansas
from a territorial to a State government, that they
should have an opportunity to be heard first. I
believe that their argument, standing upon that
ground, will have a greater effect than even an
argument of the same merit proceeding upon the
same ground from those who have always op-
posed the policy and principles of that bill. L
shall, therefore, cheerfully wait for that debate,
only saying that the circumstances of Kansasand
of the cause of freedom in Kansas are imminent,
and that I hope the debate will not be procrasti-
nated or delayed. Before we are aware of it there
may be civil war in Kansas, and I pray that the
debate, while it is conducted so as to give every
person an opportunity to be heard, will be brought
on and closed here as early as possible.
I will take this occasion to say that I congrat-
ulate the Senate and the country, and I thank the
President of the United States for the improved
spirit in which this difficult, in some respects
painful, and yet most important subject is pre-
sented—the great improvement on the messages
which have been received by Congress from his
predecessors, in the exalted station which he fills.
Now, in order that all the parts of this message
may be known to have had some consideration
here, I wish to notice that portion of the message
which relates to the commercial and financial
troubles of the country, and to say, that if the
President and his Administration shall be able to
suggest any measures which shall tend to fortify
the currency of the country and to save its in-
dustrial interests from the periodical convulsioes
to which they are subject, I hope those measures
will be communicated to Congress at an early
day. I apprehend there will be found a cheerful
response on the part of the representatives of the
States and people to any judicious and safe meas-
ures that may be adopted for that purpose; but
mere declamation on the subject will do little or
nothing. I must take occasion to add, that while
I think I shall make no objection, as at present
advised, to a general bankrupt law which shall
exercise a salutary control over the fiscal institu-
tions of the several States, yet I do not under-
stand a bankrupt law which is confined merely to
fiscal operations to be a "uniform" bankrupt
law within the meaning of the Constitution of the
United States. I regret to see that there is not
only no intimation of a desire on the part of the
Administration to extend the provisions of any
bankrupt law which may be passed to debtors
other than corporations, but that such purpose
seems to be excluded from the view of the Ad-
ministration in the message which has been pre-
sented to us.
The message treats of our foreign relations. I
think it may be regarded as a subject on which
we can congratulate the people of the country
that the disposition of the Administration is pacific
at the same time that it is firm and national; and
I am happy to be able to add, for myself, the
expression of great satisfaction with the course
which the Administration indicates,in regard es-
pecially to the subject of our relations with Great
Britain and the States on this continent, involving
Central America; I have felt mortified and hu-
miliated to learn—after the pains which had been
taken, and the concessions which had been made,
by the President and Senate of the United States
—that the just and liberal treaty offered them at
the last session has been rejected.
There is another disturbance, perhaps more
seriously painful and more immediately danger-
ous than any to which I have alluded, and that is
the troubles in the Territory of Utah. On that
subject I hope it may be understood that the
opinion of the American Congress is substantially
unanimous, and that the world may bo assured
that the Government of the United States will not
suffer its name to be tarnishgd, its power to be
insulted, the lives of its citizens to be destroyed
by an enemy, intrenched although he be in the
Rocky Mountains under the forms of the consti-
tution of a Territory of the United States. I do
not immediately commit myself to the project of
increasing the Army by the addition of four regi-
ments; but I do say that every measure which
shall be proposed, and be best calculated to estab-
lish peace and order in that Territory, shall have
my most cheerful support. I beg leave to suggest
to that portion of the Senate who may constitute
hereafter a Committee on Military Affairs, and
may have charge of this subject, whether it will
not be worth their while to consider whether the
Pacific coast will not furnish the proper scene for
the enlistment of men, and for the dispatch of
