1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
I wish to propound. I wish to know from some
friend of the Lecompton constitution how he pro-
poses to force a State into this Union against the
wishes of its government and its people? I wish
to know from what clause in the Constitution of
the United States you derive the right to force a
State into this Union ? I assert that should you
adopt this constitution for Kansas, you make a
dead letter. The government of Kansas, which
your own present Executive has admitted to be
legal is opposed to this constitution. The peo-
ple of Kansas are overwhelmingly opposed to it.
Now, sir, will some man teU me ho w,with agoyern-
ment and a people almost unanimously opposed
to a constitution, you are going to force it into this
Union? The, Government of the United States
has not bayonets enough, nor money enough to
pay for sufficient bayonets, to force a constitution
on the necks of any people. It cannot be done.
There is no constitutional right to attempt to do it.
I respect the President of the United States so long
as he obeys and stands by the Constitution of the
United States; but let him step one inch beyond
that Constitution; let one drop of blood flow in
Kansas, or anywhere else, and James Buchanan,
President of these United States, will be liable to
impeachment, and to be hanged for murder also.
James Buchanan, so long as-he stays within the
Constitution and within thelaws,isto be respected
by everybody; but let him step beyond the Con-
stitution and beyond the protection of the laws,
and he is no longer James Buchanan, President of
the United States, but James Buchanan, the crim-
inal. There is no power in this Government to
force a constitution on the necks of an unwilling
people. It cannot be done. If you adopt the Le-
compton constitution to-morrow, you cannot en-
force it; it will be a dead letter. Blood may flow—
blood will flow if you attempt to enforce it—but it
cannot be enforced.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] the other day stated that it was the pur-
pose of the opponents of the Army bill, in civil
war, to shed blood on the soil of these United
States. I am sorry that Senator is not in his
seat; I am sorry that he is unwell, for I intended
to commcnt on this remark. In answer to some
observations which I had the honor to submit on
the Army bill, he said:
" I do not think the United States Seriate can fail, under •
such an argument as has been offered by the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, to see that the opposition springs
from the purpose, m civil war, of shedding blood on the soil
of the United States."
The opposition to the Army bill sprung from
no such purpose. The opposition to that and to
the Lecompton usurpation springs from no such
purpose. It is our purpose to avoid the shedding
of blood upon the. soil of the United States by
civil war. While I will not charge 011 the sup-
porters of the Lecompton constitution the pur-
pose, in civil war, of shedding blood upon tfte soil
of the United States, I do charge that they, and
they alone, will be responsible for every drop of
blood that may be shed in consequence of the
adoption of that constitution. I trust in God
civil war will never come; but if it should come,
upon their heads, and theirs alone, will rest the
responsibility of every drop that may flow. I
trust in God, sir, that this question will never be
pushed to that extremity, for I should have less
respect for the people of Kansas than I now have,
.if 1 supposed they would tamely submit to have
a constitution thrust down Iheir throats without
authority of law, and against law, without their
making resistance. I would disown them as the
descendants of the men who fought our revolu-
tionary battles if 1 did not think they would re-
sist any such illegal attempt to force a constitu-
tion upon them. I believe they will resist it if
the attempt "be made, but I do not believe that the
attempt will be made. I trust it will not.
Mr. President, I have occupied more time than
I intended, and yet I am not quite through. I
shall be as brief as I possibly can, but I desire to
allude to some remarks of the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.] That
Senator said:
'• Tn all social systems there must be a class to do the
menial duties, to perform the drudgery of life. That is, a
eltij-s requiring but a low order of intellect, and but little
t-kili. Its requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a
c!a \ ou mubt have, or you would not have that other class
which loads progress, civilization, and refinement. It con-
f-tmniN the very mud-sill of aoeioiy and of political govern-
ment: and jou might ab well attempt to build a housse in
the air, as to build either the one or the other, except on
this mud-sill. Fortunately for the South, she found a race
adapted to that purpose to her hand. A race inferior to her
own, but eminently qualified in temper, m vigor, in docil-
ity, in capacity to stand the cUmate, to answer all her pur-
poses. We use them for our purpose, and call them slaves.
We found them sJaves by the ' common consent of man-
kind,' which", according to Cicero, ' lex natura est.1 The
highest proof of what is Nature's law. We are old-fash-
ioned at the South yet; it is a word discarded now by
'ears politeI will not characterize that class at the
North with that term; but you have it; it is there; it is
everywhere; it is eternal.
" The Senator from New York said yesterday that the
whole world had abolished slavery. Ay, the name, but not
the thin*; all the Powers of the earth cannot abolish that
God only can do it when he repeals the fiat, i the poor ye
always have with you;' for the man who lives by daily
labor, and scarcely lives at that, and who has to put out his
labor in the market, and take the best he can get for it; in
short, your whole hireling class of manual laborers andi op-
eratives,' as you call them, are essentially slaves. The dif-
ference between us is, that our slaves are hired for life and
well compensated; there is no starvation, no hogging, no
want of employment among our people, and not too much
employment either. Fours are hired by the day, not cared
for, and scantily compensated, which may be proved in the
most painful manner, at any hour, in any street in any of
your large towns."
After reading and reperusing that speech, I pro-
ceeded to consider the state of society where such
a happy population were found; and I began to
examine into the condition of the people of South
Carolina. I am not in the habit of saying, and
I will not now say, one word to disparage any
State, or the people of any State, in this Union;
but I think that attack requires a reply; and I
shall read from some distinguished southern au-
thorities in elucidation of this statement. I find
in an address of a late Chief Magistrate of South
Carolina, Governor Hammond, before the South
Carolina Institute, the following exposition:
"According to the best calculations which, in the ab-
sence of statistic facts, can be made, it is believed lhat, of
the three hundred thousand white inhabitants of South Car-
olina, there are notiess than fiftythousand whose industry,
such as it is, is not, in the present condition of things, and
does not promise, hereafter, to be, adequate to procure them,
honestly, such a support as? every white person in this coun-
try is, and feels himself entitled to.
"Some cannot be said to work at all. They obtain a
precarious subsistence by occasional jobs, by hunting, by
fishing, sometimes by plundering fields or folds, and, too
often, by what is, in its effects, far worse—trading with
slaves, and seducing them to plunder for their benefit.
Fifty thousand out of three hundred thousand,
I am told by this authority, are in that condition
in the State of South Carolina. I find other high
authority upon this same question. Mr. De Bow,
in his Review, says:
"It is too obvious to require extended illustration, that
the slow advance of our population mainly aris.es from the
impoverished condiuo.i of our lands. As lands become
exhausted, the returns are notonlj small and unremuncr-
ating, but crops become unceitam, from r.insualties and
vicissitudes of season, subsistence more precarious, and ob-
tained at greater cost. The striking fact that those districts
possessing naturally the best soils are almost stationary in
population, while districts of inferior soilt? naturally are fill-
ing up, show not only the exhausted state of the soil in the
former, but prove that the character of slave labor, and the
system of cultivation adopted, are unfriendly to density of
population.
"The exhaustion of our lands, above alluded to, is fur-
ther evinced by the fact that, in the Ust thirty years, they
have remained generally stationary in price; and, m many
instances, have actually declined. Another fact, very sig-
nificant of this truth, is the regularly increased amount of
lands cultivated m different crops per hand, particularly in
cotton, while the amount produced is proporuonabiy less."
And again, the business committee of the South
Carolina Agricultural Society reported, August9,
1855:
" Our old-fields are enlarging, our homesteads have been
decreasing fearfullv in number." * * * ''We
are not only losing some of our most cnergetic and useful
citizens to supply the bone and sinew of other States, but
we are losing our slave population, which is the true wealth
ot the State; our stocks ol hogs, horses, mules, and cattle,
are diminishing in size and decreasing m number: and our
purses are strained for the last cent to supply their places
from the northwestern States,"
That is not so flattering an account as I hope
to give of Michigan by-and-by. In the message
of Governor Seabrook, of South Carolina, to the
Legislature, I find:
"Education has been provided by thr* Legislature but for
one class of the citizens of the State, which is the wealthy
class. For the middle and poorer classes ot society it lias
done nothing, since no organized system lias bpen adopted
for that purpcisc. VTou hai e appropriated §75,000 annually
to the free schools; but, under your present mode ot ap-
plying it, that libeiality is really the profusion of the prod-
ical, lather than the judicious generosity which comers real
benefit. The few w'lio arc educated at public e\pense in
these excellent and truly useful institutions, the Arsenal and
Citadel academies [military schools] form almost the only
i exception to the truth of tins remark. Ten year^ ago. twenty
1 thousand adults, besides children, wcte unable to read 01
i wute. m South Carolina. Hi- our free school system dis-
pelled any of this ignorance? Are there not any reasonable
fears to he entertained that the number has increased since
that period !" * .
Again, writes a distinguished traveler ofthe
" saiid-hillers" of South Carolina: =;■
" Not yery essentially different is the condition of a class
of people living m the pine-barrens nearest the coast,
described to oie by a rice planter. They seldom have any
meat, he said, except they steal hogs which belong to the
planters or their negroes, and their ehiefdiet is rice and milk.
They are small, gaunt, and cadaverous, and their skin is
just the color of the sand-hills they live op. Theyztre Wile
incapable of applying themselves steadily to any labor, and
their habits are very much like those of the old Indians.'
" A northern gentleman, who had been spending a year
in South Carolina, said to me, after speaking respeetfuiiy of
the character of some of the wealthier class, ' but the poo/
whites, out in the country, are the meanest people I ever
saw: half of them would be considered objects of charity
in New York.'"
The picture is not so flattering when you come
to examine it closely. It is bne of those beautiful
paintings where " distance lends enchantment to
the view." I should nothavealluded to thissub-
ject but for the attack of the honorable Senator
upon my constituents, the laborers of the North.
Sir, under his version, under his exposition of
slavery, nine tenths of all the people of the North
are, or have been at some period of their lives,
slaves; for nine tenths of the people of the North
have, at some time, been hireling laborers. We
do not feel degraded by being hireling laborers.
We believe it to be respectable. You may travel
on any road in the State of Michigan you see fit
to select, and you will find flourishing farms on
almost every one hundred and sixty acres—nice
farm houses, comfortable dwellings, fine barns,
a very high state of improvement and cultiva-
tion; and you do not find the fifty-thousand class
that you find in South Carolina. Sir, we deny
that the laboring men of the North are, or can be,
construed into slaves. They are then. These
very laboring men are the foundations of society
there. Go through the agricultural portion of
Michigan, and you will find the farmer with four
or five of the sons of his neighboring farmers em-
ployed as hirelings by the day, by the month, or
by the year. A young man goes out to service—
to labor, if you please to cau it so—for compen-
sation until he acquires money enough to buy a
farm, and then he gets married and settles upon
his farm, and anon he becomes himself the em-
ployer of labor. He never feels himself degraded
by his labor. Some of those men who are at work
by the month, during the summer, on farms, are
in the Legislature making laws for us in the
winter.
We have an eminent example of the class of
which the Senator from South Carolina terms
slaves. The late Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, Mr. Banks,
now the Governor of Massachusetts, only fifteen
years ago "was working by the day, for his sup-
port, in a machine-shop. Fifteen years after-
%vardsyou find him occupying certainly the third
place within the gift of the people of this nation;
ten years hence, and you may see him in the ex-
ecutive chair. He never deemed himself degraded
by the labor that he performed in that machine-
shop; nor do our men admit that there is degra-
dation in such employment.
But, sir, I have already occupied too much time.
I have hurriedly passed over topics which I could
have desired more time to discuss. They teem
with interestand instruction. Nevertheless, with
thanks to the Senate for the courteous attention
with which it has heard me, I yield the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Virginia
permit me to make one remark ?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to remark that
I desire to prevent an adjournment over this even-
ing until Monday. We desire a session to-mor-
row especially. I give notice that I shall resist
any attempt to adjourn over, and shall insist on
holding a session to-morrow by all means.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the question
before us is undoubtedly attended_ with difficul-
ties. Some of these are inherent in the subject
itself, but most of them, in my opinion, have been
created in the heats and party division^of the day
and by the manner in which that subject has been
treated. I believe that if the case could be fairly
presented to any impartial mind, it would come
to the conclusion that the President had suggested
the best remedy for the difficulties by which we
