1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
35tii Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
within their own limits, and the Government that
has acquired the Territory by conquestorby pur-
chase have no authority to exercise control, and
preserve civil order among them ?
The use of troops in a Territory of the United
States does not stand in the same relation to con-
stitutional questions as the use of troops in a State
of the Union. I deny, as emphatically as any
one, the power of this Government to coerce a
State. That is a question which was discussed in
the convention that formed the Constitution, and
which was so powerfully stated by Mr. Hamilton
to be a proposition, not to form a Union and pre-
serve the States, but to provide the means for the
destruction of the States. A State may, through
its Legislature or its Governor, invoke the aid of
the Federal Government, and of the other States;
but the Federal Government has no power to in-
vade the limits of a State, there to attempt the
coercion of its people.
With this broad distinction I think the whole
argument falls, except in the minds of those who
still insist that the inhabitants of a Territory have
all the political rights of the people of a State. I
belong not to that school.
As a natural consequence of denying the right
to use the troops as heretofore, it is said that in
a period of profound peace, and of financial em-
barrassment, the startling proposition is made to
increase the military establishment of the United
States! Peace, it is true, exists between our coun-
try and all foreign countries, and I hope long may
continue; but, in the mean time, we are engaged
in frequent hostilities with Indian tubes. All
around that vast territory which lies between the
Pacific settlements and those of the Mississippi
valley, is a constant succession of conflicts with
roving bands. If this is our condition in profound
peace, when but eight hundred and sixty-nine
men, officers and enlisted soldiers, can be left to
garrison all the great fortifications on our sea-
board, what, I pray, would it be in war? That
proportion was left during the war with Mexico;
and is altogether inadequate for the purposes for
which those fortifications were built. It is not a
state of peace so far as the Army is concerned.
The financial embarrassments of the country,
the diminution of revenue because of a failure of
the usual supply from duties on imports, consti-
tutes no sufficient reason for not discharging any
of the duties that belong to this Government. I
wish your great army of retainers and your nu-
merous palaces for customs purposes were all dis-
banded,all evacuated, and that we would go back
to that simple process of collecting money from
the people themselves. Then would the people
look to the mode in which it was expended.
Proceeding to answer the objections in their
order, the next was, that the Indians, by removal
to the west of the Mississippi, had had their
strength broken; that they had no power to resist
us: and the next, in connection with it, was, that
by the improvement of communication twenty-
five thousand men had been made equal to what
one hundred thousand were twenty-five years ago
Is it true that the concentration of the Indians on
the west side of the Mississippi has diminished
their strength ? Is not the reverse true ? When
they were separate tribes, living surrounded by an
active, intelligent population, driven themselves,
by the small amount of territory they inhabited,
to agricultural pursuits, when they lived in towns
and villages where they could always be found,
when they were dependent on their crops, the
destruction of which must always bring them im-
mediately to submission, it was an easy matter
to control them, compared with the condition in
which they now exist. On a wide extent of ter-
ritory, brought into contiguity with each other, no
longer surrounded by white population, driven to
the chase for subsistence, returning every year
more and more to their roving and original habits,
these people have not only been made stronger,
but they have been made more disposed to hos-
tility than they were in their former position.
Again, by the acquisition of territory, and the
extension of our settlements into territory long
since acquired, we have been brought into con-
. tact with those tribes which, heretofore unac-
quainted with the white men, must go through the
same process which had rendered the eastern In-
dians, before their removal,harmless in their con-
tiguity to the whites. Not only this, but our pop-
ulation has poured over the mountains, and com-
menced extending from the Pacific as a front; our
people have pressed the Indians back from the
fertile valleys they inhabited, and from the soft
climate where they were reared in proximity to
the coast, and have driven them into the mount-
ains—into a country so arid that a large portion
of it can only be cultivated by irrigation. They
have thus again reduced them to the chase for
subsistence, and those Indians may well look on
the valleys, and, like the Gaels in the Highlands,
claim the right to redeem from the plain and the
valley the means of subsistance as long, as one
sheaf of grain shall stand, orherd shall stray along
the heritage from which they have been driven.
These forays have been and are to be perpetrated,
until a new state of things shall be brought into
existence. During that period of transition* when
the Indians may be gathered from these vast hunt-
ing grounds on reservations which they will and
can cultivate, it will be necessary to preserve a
military force sufficiently large to rule them by
coercion; and this is the opinion of every intelli-
gent sub-agent whose opinions I find recorded in
the volume which contains the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
These are facts on which the Senate might reach
the conclusion that the recommendations of the
President and the Secretary of War have not been
made without some due consideration. These vol-
umes have been but recently printed, and laid on
the tables of Senators. I trusted that as they pro-
gressed in the examination of them, many of those
objections and doubts which were expressed two
or three days ago would vanish. I believe the in-
crease which is proposed by the committee to be
the least which the present exigencies of the coun-
try will permit. If the Senate had indicated a pur-
pose to adopt the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War, the committee were ready at any
time to withdraw their bill and allow the Senate to
pass the other; but on the vote it was made appar-
ent that that was impossible; it was not within the
view of the Senate, getting but eight votes, and
some of them hostile to any increase of the mil-
itary force, and therefore,gtveii for parliamentary
advantage.
I know that the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] whose familiarity with Indian character I
do not doubt, has proposed to us a remedy which
every man's heart would respond to as much more
desirable, if it were attainable. He proposes an
Indian policy which is to substitute kindness, jus-
tice, and generosity; from which one might sup-
pose that the Government had pursued a different
policy; but his remarks put it out of the question
that he meant the Government had pursued any
other policy than this, except through the regular
Army. Now, sir, I believe that the argument of
the Senator from Texas is somewhat ansvvered by
the argument of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] The Senator from Georgia says that
the regular Army is entirely harmless as against
Indians; so that if the Senator from Texas thinks
they are dangerous, I must refer him to his friend
from Georgia, who assures him that the Army is
quite harmless in relation to the Indians.
He proposes to appeal to the high motives and
the generous character of the Indians to remove the
necessity for any military force. The efficacy of
the theory is answered by those who speak from
observation. In the first place, Indian agents do
not seem to entertain that idea. In the next place,
the officers of the Army, who are the frontier men,
and know more of the Indians than anybody else,
dissent; and much as the Senator himself has seen
of Indian tribes, I should say he had not seen as
many weeks of Indian service as every field officer
of the frontier regiments of the Army has seen
years. I do not think, therefore, his opinion is to
outweigh, when put in opposition to that of the,
sub-agents of Indian affairs, and that of military
officers who have served on the Indian frontier the
greater part of their lives.
I have no confidence in the high principles that
are ascribed to the Indians. They have a certain
sort of morality—a certain sort of religion, ifyou
may so call it; they are m some things good. Take
them as a mass, they are as deceptive, as blood-
thirsty, as treacherous, as cowardly a race of men
as are to be found on the globe. If our frontier in-
habitants have sometimes committed aggressions
on them, where is the frontier settlement that does
not record the most cold-blooded and cowardly
murders of women and children? Where is this
frontier settlement that does not bring with its tra-
ditions, tales'of torture at the stake of prisoners
when powerless in the hands of a hostile savage
band ? Are these the high principles to which tie
Senator appeals ? Are these the noble qualities that
are to make the Indian an exception, and lift him
at once out of barbarism to shine as an example
of those qualities which man is to possess when
the millennium shall come ? In the mean time I
rely, as everybody connected with the Indians, as
every frontier inhabitant whose wife and children
are exposed to be tomahawked by these Indians,
relies, on force of some kind as the'only means for
giving that protection which the Government owes
to its people.
Thus we proceed to inquire what the character
of the force should be; and, in this connection, the
regular troops of the Army have been pronounced
as ineffective. It is said they do not kill the In-
dians; but that the volunteers become excited, and
do kill them. The Senator from Texas says, that
if regulaptroops ever did pursue the Indians, they
might become excited and possibly do the same
thing. I am not to be put in the attitude of depre-
ciating the volunteer force of the country; nor shall
I engage in recrimination against the volunteers.
My relation to the volunteers and the regular
troops is the same. At one time or other, in the
course of my life, they have both been my com-
panions. My remembrance of both brings to mind
many associations, the dearest of my life. I have
seen all that adorns the American soldier in the
ranks of both regulars and volunteers. Why
should this unfriendly comparison be made be-
tween these forces ? Shoulder to shoulder they
stand upon the battle-field; together they bleed,
even exchanging men from one kind of force to
the other, when it is necessary. There, when the
flag of their country required them to do their ut-
most in the presence of a hostile foe, these jeal-
ousies and depreciations of one by the other did
notarise. They were leftforthedebateinthe Sen-
ate, and for a time of piping peace, and for places
remote from the battle-field where they fought for
a common cause, inspired by common sacrifices,
for a common country.
But the Senator from Texas says, surely with
entire sincerity, that he has not heard of any pur-
suit of Indians by regular troops; that all that has
been done, has been by volunteers. Well, sir, in
the volume which has been laid upon his desk,
the report of the Secretary of W^ir, ho will find
some cases cited—not all, but some which have
been cited because of their prominence. They
have been cited to show that the Army as it now
exists is not on a peace establishment; to show the.
constant active service on which it is engaged.
Not only is it to be found in this volume, but it
has been circulated over the country in general
orders from thehead-quarters of the Army as long
ago as November 13th last. Not only that, but
some of the brilliant acts of service, therein re-
cited, occurred within the limits of the Senator's
own State. Let me read some of these instances
from the general order to which I have referred:
" J. On the 17th of February, 1856, Captain James Oakes.
with a part of Iiss company 0, second cavalry, from Fort
Mason, Texas, after a pursuit of six days, and on the mntli
day from bis post, overtook a party of seven or more Indian?,
killed one and wounded several others ; capturing all tliei--
animals and other property; sergeant Ileis and private
Kuhn, severely wounded. The troops were exposed to verv
cold and wet weather, and for moie than seven days sub-
sisted on two days' allowance of bread and coffee, such
game as they could kill, and the flesh of horses they were
obliged to abandon."
That sounds to me something like pursuit; and
it was a pursuit of a party that invaded the Sen-
ator's own State. Again, the seventh case re-
cited in this order is:
a VII. On the 13th of April, 1856. a partv of fifty-fivfl
Indians weie overtaken on the head waters of the Nueces,
by detachments from companies B and D, mounted rifle-
men, and F. first artillery, from forts Mcintosh and Dun-
can, Texas, under the command, respectively, of Captain
Thomas Claiborne, junior, and Brevet-Captain George
Granger, mounted riflemen, and Second Lieutenant George
