1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
soldiers to quell this rebellion, and whether the
operations necessary cannot be more advantage-
ously instituted in California than on this side of
the mountains.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As there seems to be a dis-
position to debate this question before we can
have a vote on the motion to print, and as there
have been intimations on both sides of the Cham-
ber (for I seem to stand between the parties) that
they are waiting to hear what I may have to say
upon this point, if it be agreeable to the Senate I
will very briefly state my reasons of dissent to-
morrow when the Senate shall meet, in order not
to delay the vote on the motion to print the
message.
* Mr. HA.LE. I would suggest the course that
was taken last year in this very case. A debate
then arose on the President's message, and I
think, by a suggestion either of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] or the late Senator from
Texas, [Sir. Rusk,] the vote on printing the
message was taken, and'then a motion was made
to reconsider it, and the debate went on upon the
motion to reconsider, while the documents were
being printed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that course will be pur-
sued now.
Mr. HUNTER. The documents would have
to be printed by general consent while the debate
went on upon the motion to reconsider, because
a motion to reconsider suspends the operation
of the resolution which has been passed and is
proposed to be reconsidered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to propose that.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate is to act
now, I think it would be better to submit a motion
of another description, because my objection is
to voting to print these documents as they stand,
entire. I submit (and I think it will not lead to
delay) a motion to commit the whole subject of
printing the message and documents to the Com-
mittee on Printing. They can readily consider
what ought to be done,and the debate can go on
in the mean time.
Mr. GWIN. There is no such committee. If
there was, I would agree to the suggestion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committees will
probably be appointed within a day or two.
Mr. GWIN. Not until Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will take much longer
than Monday to print these documents. We
shall not get them for many weeks at any rate.
In the mean time, much expense will be saved
(if that is of any consequence in these days) by
having the matter properly investigated and re-
ported on. I therefore make a motion, if it is in
order, that the whole subject of printing the mes-
sage and documents be referred to the Committee
on Printing. Perhaps the Senators on the other
side can tell me when the committee will be ap-
pointed.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator that
such a motion either cannot be in order, or will
be of no avail, as there is no such committee. I
do not know how it is with other Senators, but
before this debate is gone into, [ should be very
much gratified to have an opportunity of exam-
ining those documents upon which the President
rests his judgment 111 the communication he has
sent us. Kansas isa very distant place from us;
and for one, I am free to declare that all the
information I have been enabled to obtain from
there for the last six months has come through
very questionable sources, upon every subject,
whether of incidents occurring there, or of their
laws or their action. We are to take itfor granted
that the President has sent to us a body of inform-
ation derived officially, on which he has rested
the judgment he has given in his message. 1
submit to honorable Senators, therefore, whether
we should not, for the propriety of the occasion,
as well as for our own information, allow these
documents to be printed as speedily as possible ?
Being on my feet, I will take the occasion to
declare that, if I understand by the President's
message he means that the action of the Kansas
convention, being a legitimate convention, be the
action of tlie convention what it may, is to be
respected by the Congress of the United States,
1 not only agree with him, but I here aver that
there is no jurist in the land who could not de-
monstrate, us a question of law, that the Federal
Government was bound to respect it under the
existing law—I mean the Kansas-Nebraska act.
That act gave to those people the whole political
power, without any reservation, submitting it
only in its exercise to the Constitution of the
United States. If we are now to criticise what
they have done, provided they pursued the forms
of their own laws—and I presume they did—far
less if we are to abrogate it, we cannot do so
unless we take back all that we have done, re-
peal the existing law organizing that Territory,
and bring those people back to a state of pupil-
age by declaring to them, "we have trusted you
with political power; you have shown yourselves
incapable of exercising it; and, therefore, we,
as your masters, will now govern you." I say
such are the impressions I derive from all the
information I have in relation to this subject. If
I construe the President's message correctly,
his position is entirely impregnable on that sub-
ject; but I should be exceedingly sorry to be
obliged to go into this debate—and I should be
very sorry if the honorable Senator from Illinois,
who has given the challenge—I mean a challenge
to public opinion—at the very first hop of the
ball, should find himself constrained to go into
this debate without having the benefit of all the
information upon which the President's message
rests. I hope, therefore, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine will not persist in his motion to
refer the proposition to print; but that, as has
been suggested for mutual convenience, the vote
to print will be taken, and that the printing may
go on while the debate continues, for it will take
along while, I presume, to print the voluminous
mass of documents before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had but a single object,
and I do not feel disposed to urge it against the
wish and feelings of Senators. My only desire
was to call the attention of the Senate to what
has been considered heretofore a matter of some
consequence. I have no interest in it other than
as one of the Senators.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to make a suggestion
which will, 1 think, obviate the difficulty. I
suppose we do not care about seeing very soon
the documents relative to foreign affairs. The
Senator from Maine does not doubt that it will
be important to print in full all the documents
relative to Kansas. I suggest, therefore, that we
make simply an order to print the ordinary num-
ber of the President's message and the docufrients
relating to Kansas. The rest of it we can look
after when we have a committee and printer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the message passes
| from the consideration of the Senate at this time,
I desire to say a word in regard to an assumption
which is made in it, which I think is not founded
in fact, and upon which the whole argument of
the President in regard to Kansas is based. I
believe it right and proper to combat error upon all
occasions, and to meet it at the threshold.
The President, in treating upon this Kansas
question, speaks of the convention which met at
Lecompton, and framed a constitution, as if it
were a legitimate convention. The honorable
Senator from Virginia has just spoken of it as a
legitimate convention. Now, sir, I deny in toto
that that convention possessed any authority
whatever; and I do not place my denial on the
ground that the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
was a fraudulent Legislature. I believe that to
be so. I believe that the Legislature had no au-
thority to act upon any subject; but, conceding
that it was the legitimate Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, properly convened under the
organicact, I deny that it had any authority what-
ever to initiate a convention to form a constitu-
tion for the people of Kansas, and destroy the
territorial government.
The Congress of the United States, at its last
session, refused repeatedly to authorize the peo-
ple of Kansas to form a State constitution. Bill
after bill was presented to give authority to the
people to hold a convention and form a constitu-
tion, preparatory to admission into the Union;
but all failed. Such an act was passed in regard
to Minnesota, and such has been the usual course
in regard to all the Territories. Now, I do not
undertake to say that Congress may not take up
and ratify the proceedings of a convention which
is called without legal authority. They have done
so in several instances, as in Michigan and Cali-
fornia. Congress has not always passed an ena-
bling act in the first instance, but usually it has.
I do say, however, that the convention which
met to form a constitution in Kansas, under the
authority of the Territorial Legislature, was not a
convention convened in pursuance of law, because
aTerritorial Legislature has no authority to doany
act destructive of the territorial organization, and
the authority granted in the Kansas act author-
izing the Territorial Legislature to legislate on all
rightful subjects, not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the organic
act, is not different from the authority which was
granted to Territories in previous instances. In
looking at the act for the organization of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, I find that its sixth sec-
tion declares, " that the legislative power of the
Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects of
legislation, consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of the" organic
act. So, also, the territorial act establishing the
Territory of Arkansas provided that its Legisla-
ture should have authority " to pass any law for
the administration of justice in said Territory,"
which should not be repugnant to the organic act,
or inconsistent with the Constitution of theXJnited
States. In regard to Michigan, the organicact
gave authority to the Legislature to make laws in
all cases for the good government of the district,
not repugnant to the ordinance of 1787, under
which it was organized.
Now, sir, I wish to call attention to a precedent
on this subject, for it is no new question. Some
years ago an attempt was about being made in
the then Territory of Arkansas to get up a con-
vention under the territorial act. The Governor
of Arkansas addressed the President of the Uni-
ted States, at that time General Jackson, to know
what course he should pursue, in case the Terri-
torial Legislature attempted to call a convention
to form a State constitution. General Jackson
referred the communication to the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, and here is his opinion:
u The Legislative power is vested m a General Assem-
bly, composed of two branches—the Legislative Council
and the House of Representatives; both of which are elected
by the people. The act providing for the government of
the Territory of Missouri, approved June 4,1812, and which
is adopted in the laws relating to Arkansas, as defining the
powers of the legislative department, declares 1 that the
Genera! Assembly shall have power to make laws in all
cases, both civil and criminal, for the good government of
the people of said Territory, not repugnant to, or inconsist-
ent with, the Constitution and laws of the United States.'
This part of the law is to be taken in connection with the
other provisions contained in it i and when so considered,
it will be seen that the whole law was designed to accom-
plish the single purpose of organizing a temporary territo-
rial government, winch was intended to remain subject at
all times to the' control of Congress, under the authority
conferred upon it by the Constitution of the United States.
In the exercise of this authority, Congress may, at pleasure,
repeal or modify the laws passed by the Territorial Legis-
lature, and raa>,at any time, abrogate and remodel the
Legislature itself, and all the other departments of the ter-
ritoiial government.
" To suppose that the legislative powers granted to the
General Assembly include the authority to abrogate, alter,
or modify the territorial government established by the act
of Congiess, and of which the Assembly is a constituent
part, would be manifestly absurd. The act of Congress,
so far as it is consistcntwith the Constitution of the United
State?, and with the treaty by which the territory, as apart
ot Louisiana, was ceded to the United States, is the su-
preme law of the Territory; it is paramount to the power
of the Territorial Legislature, and can only be revoked or
altered by the authority from which it emanated. The
General Assembly and the people of the Territory are as
much bound by its provisions, and as incapable of abro-
gating them, «ts the Legislatures and people of the Ameri-
can States are bound by and incapable of abrogating the
Constitution ofthe United States. It is also a maxim of
universal law, that when a particular thing is prohibited
by law, all means, attempts, or contrivances to effect such
thing are also prohibited. Consequently, it is not in the
power of the General Assembly of Arkansas to pass any
law for the puipose of electing members to form a consti-
tution and State government, nar to do any other act, di-
rectly or indirectly, to create suchnewgovernment. Every
, such law, even though it were approved by the Governor
[ of the Temtory, would be null and void. If passed by
' them, notwithstanding his veto, by a vote of two thirds of
each brandi, it would still be equally void."
This was the ground taken by the administra-
tion of General Jackson in regard to Arkansas;
and the position is an unanswerable one. Any
law passed by the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas—which possessed no greater authority than
the Territorial Legislature of Arkansas—initia-
ting a convention, is utterly null and void.
The Attorney General then goes on to discuss
the right of the people to petition, and to get up a
Government and present it to Congress, asking
