1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
Mr. LETCHER. Has not the gentleman from
Oregon a right tn speak on the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. He has.
Mr. LANE. I want to show how this bill for
the relief of Mr. Douglass comes up here, and I
desire to call the attention of the committee now
to the report of the Secretary of War on this sub-
ject. The Secretary of War examined the report
of tlus commission, and says as follows:
" By a hw passed ilie 18th day of Au;u*t, lBjS, a com-
mission was directed to bo appointed for the purpose of as-
ccitammg the sum of money fairly due to the volunteers of
Oregon and Washington Territories for their gervicesin the
Indian wars which thieatened to lav waste tho«e Teuito-
ries. In compliance with this law, Captain Smith, of the
first dragoons. Captain Rufu« [ngalls,of the quartermaster's
depat tment, and La Fayette Grover, Esq., of Salem, Oregon,
were appointed to examine the accounts and claims, and to
make n rcpoit in conformity with the law, and upon the
facts as thny e\isted, so far, at least, as it was possible to
a^csrtain them.
u These officers entered upon tlieir duties on the 10th day
of October, 1856. and st em to have labored with great a^si-
diiity and patience m discharge of them, until the 20th of
October la^t, when they were brought to a close. J have
examined this tepoii veiy carefully,and conclude that, fiom
the data they have adopted for their guide, as to the pi ices
for stores and subsistence, and tune o'fseivicc rendeied by
the men, it is not probable a more justoi accuiate result
could be attained than these gentlemen have amved at
The amount ascertained to be due is a veiy large one, and
Congress will have to make provision for its payment, if it
is intended they shall be liquidated, of winch I presume
there can be no doubt."
Now, out of these claims adjudicated by this
commission, wc find due to Governor Douglass
$7,000, and various other sums to various other
individuals, who had rendered services and fur-
nished supplies and transportation for the subsist-
ence of the troops in the field—the whole amount
reaching to between five and six million dollars.
These expenses were all necessarily incurred,and
the bill to pay Governor Douglass is right and
just. But it is not, more right and not more just
than every other portion of these claims allowed
by this commission. And why Governor Doug-
lass should be singled out from the Jot who have
incurred expenses in defending the country against
Indian hostilities,and the balance not mentioned,
is a matter which I do not understand. But, be
that as it may, I will let that matter rest with the
committee who has charge of it. I have great
confidence in that committee. I believe it will
ultimately report in favor of paying all the ex-
penses. But now is the proper time to do it—now
is the time when this committee and this Con-
gress.should pass such a law as will provide for
the payment of all the claims found due by that
commission.
Now, sir, I think every gentleman here knows,
(and I believe no gentleman will undertake to gain-
say the fact,) that when the people of Oregon and
Washington Territories were plunged into an
Indian war, it was not by their own act, but by a
combination of Indians, made so completely that
they were able to commence hostilities at the ex-
tremes of each of those Territories on the same
day. The progress of that war was so rapid, and
the scenes so bloody and terrible, that for a short j
time it was a matter of uncertainty m the minds ;
of the people of these Territories whether the ;
Indians would not he able to destroy the entire ;
settlements of the two Territories. :
In order that the committee may understand
more fully the facts of the case, I call attention to •
the report of the special agent sent out there by i
the Government to inquire into the circumstances i
of the war, and into the action of that commission j
while it was in session. I
Mr. J. Ross Browne, the special agent, spent ;
months in the country, visited many of the Indian !
tribes, talked with them, saw the farmers on their ;
plantations and at their homes, without letting !
the people there know the purpose for which he j
was among them. Ho dropped 111, at Vancouver,
on the commissioners, while they were adjusting >
this very claim of Mr. Douglass, and he saw the
manner in which they discharged their duty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to remind the j
gentleman that this is the last day for territorial |
business. ;
Mr. LANE. I am aware of that. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This bill is cutting
out other territorial business.
Mr. LANE. No, sir; I am the last man in the 1
world to cut off any of the territorial business. ;
This is the last hill but one or two upon the Cal- ;
endar. i
I will now read a portion of Mr. J. Ross
Browne's report. He says:
" 1 will not undertake to follow upthe history of the war
to a later-period. Its peculiar features have been repre-
sented officially on both bides, and its progress and termin-
ation are matters of public record.
" Upon a careful perusal of all the dispatches, I find
nothing to sustain the charge of speculation. No person
can viMtthe Territories of "Oregon and Washington, con-
verse with the people, see themon their farms and at their
daily labors, and consider their true interests, without
coming to the conclusion that such a chaige is absurd and
motisuous. What could they hope to gain ? Few of them
had anything to spare upon which to "base a speculation.
A farmer is well oft'who has his fields fenced m,afewliead
of oxen, and three 01 four cows. If he got treble price for
his stock, tlm sale, upon an unlimited credit, would have
been a sacrifice to him. [lisfaim must go to ruin. The
interests of the settlers of neaily every pursuit aie nearly
identical. Their future piospeets depend chiefly upon the I
prospenty of the country, the mciease of emigration, en- '
hancement in the value of property, security of life, open- [
ing of new facilities for the tiasportation of their products, i
All this was diametrically opposed to a war. No eompen- f
satior. that Government could make would atone for the j
murder of taimlie*, the stoppage of laboi everywheie, the I
loss of time, the sinpcnsion of emigration, and the numer- j
ous evils u^ultmg from tins disastrous conflict.
" The commissioneis at Vancouver have faithfully and j
impartially performed tbeirduty. Whntevet sum they may 1
have decided upon ui estimating this war debt. I hold that !
amount to be ju-tl v due, and tru>t that Congie&s will at once !
piovide fot its extinguishment."
That is signed by J. Ross Browne, special agent
of the Government, sent out there by the older of
the President, at the instance of the Secretary of
the Interior, to examine into the facts connected
with the war; to ascertain the causes of the war; j
the manner of the conduct of the war; and the j
extent of the expenses incurred m it. And, after j
a careful and impartial examination of the whole 1
matter, he came to the conclusion which I have |
just read. His whole report shows that the peo- j
pie of Oregon and Washington were driven into j
a bloody war, unavoidably on their part, that j
threatened to lay waste the whole country, and !
wipe out all the settlements. And I hazard noth- i
ing in saying that no portion of the American j
people has sulfcred so much in any Indian wars '
since our fathers landed on the American shores ,
as did the people of those Territories m that war.
Gentlemen wiil remember that, daring the prog- ,
ress of the war, I was here attending to my duties; :
but during the last summer I had an opportu- !
nity of traveling over the whole southern portion |
of Oregon, and of examining in person the extent I
of the Indian depredations. I found that every I
house for fifty miles on a road through a well-set- '
tied country had been laid in ashes. The houses
and barns had been burned, and every man,
woman, and child, killed m the most cruel and
barbarous manner, with the exception of one man,
one woman, and one child.
At the time tiiese depredations were committed
by the Indians there were large numbers of wag-
ons, loaded with the produce of Oregon and Wash-
ington, traveling over that road to seek a market
in California. They were met by the Indians,
and every man and every animal was killed and
the wagons were burned. The mangled and mu-
tilated remains of the men were taken up and jj
buried, but the way side was strewn for fifty miles ; i
with the bones of the animals. In a conversation j,
I had with the Indians, in the presence of their ;;
agent, in relation to it, their great war chief, John, 1
told me that he had labored for months to bring !'
about a combination of all the tribes, so that they "
might commence the war at the same time, and '
destroy the entire settlements in both Territories; ■
and so complete was theirplan of organization, so ■
complete was the combination, that, as I said m "
the opening of my remarks, they commenced the 1
war at Puget sound on the same day of the ',
month that they commenced it in the southern !
portion of Oregon Territory, six hundred miles
distant; and the chief told me that he had labored
hard to bnngaboutthe combination, and had sent 'j
his sons and his son-in-law to the Indians, in dif- 1
ferent portions of the country, for the purpose of ;
making the combination and securing that con- Ij
cert of action which would enable him to carry
out his purpose. He commenced his depredations
in Oregon and Washington, as you will find by :
these reports, a month before the general hostili-
ties broke out. Finally, he became uneasy him- :
self, after killmgagreat many of our people, about
his capacity to bring about a general war. lie
began to think that the whites would not resent
the outrages and murders which he had commit- ][
led, and that he could not bring about a general "
"war. He went to the agent, afterkilling eighteen
of our peopleatone time, and two men and a little
boy shortly afterwards, and said to him: "What
kind of warriors have you? They have nohearts;
they are like squaws*, we have killed your people
(mentioning the places where they had been mur-
dered) and yet no notice is taken of it*, there is
no war."
Well, on the 9th of October the Indians passed
along the road to which I have referred, and de-
stroyed every particle of property for fifty miles.
They then rushed into the settlements and burned
hundreds of houses and barns, and kiiled hun-
dreds of our cattle and many of our people. We
are not here asking pay for these depredations.
We have not asked a dollar of the Government
for these spoliations. We only ask the Govern-
ment to pay the troops who were forced into the
service to defend the settlements against those
outrages, and who, I may well say, suffered more
in the field than any troops who have ever been
engaged in any war in this country. My friend
who represents the Territory of Washington will
tell you that he felt in with a body of our troops
in the mountains, east of the Columbia river,
where they had been for weeks without tents, al-
though the thermometer stood at twenty-five de-
crees belowzero the greater partofthc time. They
had thrown themselves between the settlements
and the hostile Indians, and had subsisted upon
horsp-fiesh, without bread, coffee, or salt, for
weeks.
Mc. MAYNARD, I would inquire of the gen-
tleman what amount of money will probably be
necessary to supply the demands under his amend-
ment ?
Mr. LA.NE. I want to say to my friend that
the whole of the claim rendered, including com-
pensation for service and expenses incurred, as
settled by the commissioners under this law,
amounts to between five and six million dollars.
It is just; and I have no doubt Congress will pay it.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman what amount per day was allowed for the
volunteers who served in that war?
Mr. LANE. I will answer the gentleman with
a great dealof pleasure, though I am notgoingon
to discuss this matter in detail. The price allowed
by these commissioners was two dollars for each
day's scrvicc for each man, and two dollars in ad-
dition if he rode his own horse, making four dol-
lars per day for a man and horse. I will say,
further, that if the gentleman will look over the
letter of Colonel McMullin,now Governor of the
Territory of Washington, a gentleman who stood
in this House and watched the Treasury as care-
fully as any man did—I say, if the gentleman will
read that letter, he will find that Governor Mc-
Mulhn states that you cannot obtain the labor of
a man short of $2 50 per day, and that even women
get thirty dollars per month. And 1 will say that
no man can obtain labor for any such price as
these commissioners allowed to these volunteers.
I will say further, that no man can tell the suf-
ferings which these volunteers underwent. Take,
for instance," the conduct of the Polk county vol-
unteers, who, in response to a requisition of the
Governor of the Territory, marched to relieve
Major Haller, who was surrounded by hostile In-
dians. The requisition reached them on Monday
evening; and, on the next morning, one hundred
and two men were in the saddle, and on the march
to relieve this gallant officer and his little band of
brave soldiers, who had been for some time sur-
rounded by vastly superior numbers of blood-
thirsty savages. Out of the one hundred and
two Polk county men whom Major Armstrong
marched to the rciief of Major Haller, many never
returned home, and many came back with fingers
and toes frozen, maimed and crippled for life. Such
was the conduct and suffering of other volunteer
companies who responded to the call of our Gov-
ernor. Thus did the people of Oregon rush to the
rescue, not only of the settlements, but of the Uni-
ted States troops, surrounded by overwhelming
numbers of hostile Indians. Not a dollar have
they asked for spoliations; and the amount which
the'commissioners have allowed for the services
of the volunteers, and the expenses incurred by
them, will you refuse to pay ? Major Armstrong
has frequently informed me that his company was
composed of farmers, most of whom had families,
and were not only comfortable, but were worth,
on an average, live thousand dollars. The gallant
