1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Dams.
Senate.
cook their provisions; and in the next place, their
habits were suddenly changed, and this waste of
life was the result of the sudden change before the
animal economy had been accommoddtedto it. if j
vou were to take an Osage and put him on a sim- '
pie rice diet, you would as surely kill him as if,
you were to take a Hindoo and put him on a meat
diet alone. Either of the two extremes would
bring about the same result, and be destructive to
the efficiency of the Army.
Next I refer to the report of the Surgeon-Gen-
eral of the Army, of November 9, 1846, in which
he says:
"From the best information which has been received at
this office, it is believed that the extent of sickness among
4he volunteers on the Rio Grande has been fourfold to that
anion5 the soldier* of the regular Army, with a correspond-
*mg excess of'mortality m the ranks of the former. * *
" But this is not all; the piesence of a numerous body of
invalids senou-ly enibai lasses the &eivice; lor, besides eon-
Mitmruj the Mib-u-tence and other stores required for ihe
efhcie'nt men, they mu.-t have an additional number of sur-
geons and men to*take care of them, and a guard to protect
ihetn, which net ess.tuly lessens the di-po ai>le force, the
available foice, for aetive operations in tile field."
These are the two statements on which I would
rely as to the relative efficiency of the two species
of troops; and these reasons apply with fourfold
force to the circumstances of the expedition to
Utah. They will he there further removed from
civilization; they will be there more deprived of
the comforts to winch they have been before ac-
customed. The casualties resulting from the
employment of militia in such a service as that,
by their hcing disabled by disease, exposure,
and the vicissitudes of the camp, will greatly ex-
ceed anvthmg we have heretofoie encountered
in the cases from which these results have been
drawn.
There misrht, however, be circumstances which
would justify us in meeting; all these objections.
If I believed, with ihe Senator from Texas, that
the cavalry of the United States Atmy was- neces-
sarily wholly inefficient, a mere tax which never
did and never would do anything, certainly I
would say we must look out for some other char-
acter of troops; but some of the hard rides read to
lam to-day, some of the successful pursuits, de-
fying all privations of food, cold, and thnst, should
somewhat convince him that the Aimy may be
effective for the purpose for which he proposes to
employ a voluuteer force. He savs he wants
troops; but he wants a different kind of troops
than the Army can furnish; he wants men who are
able to take care of their horses; men who know
something about frontier service. Where will he
find them out of the Army, comparable to our dra-
goons ? W here will he find men who have so often
encamped under the blue vault of heaven, and relied
on grass to support their marching column, as hi
the Ai my of the United States? Where will he find
men who know so much of the topography of the
country? If his objection be that the recruits are
not sufficiently instructed, the remedy is to give
us more force; not to require that every man, the
instant he is enlisted, shall be thrown on to the
frontier for immediate service; butgive us enough
troops to keep some in camps of instruction and
in schools of practice, where they may be edu-
cated for those duties which the Senator desires
to have them perform.
But he makes the argument of economy in that
connection, and uses it in several other connec-4
tions; and among others, the Senator from Geor-
gia first asserts and the Senator from Texas in-
dorses it, that Texas used to be better protected
by four companies of rangers, than she is now by
five regular regiments. To that there are two
answers: First, there are not five regunents there;
and second, if Texas ever was protected l>y four
companies at the early period referred to, those
four companies might have been quite adequate
to protect the settlements which, at that time,
were not equal to one twentieth, or perhaps one
hundredth part of what they are now. Four com-
panies were, sufficient to protect a single ranch;
they were more than sufficient to protect a single
man; and they may have been sufficient to pro-
tect the whole amount of border settlements Texas
then had.
It is further to be remembered that the Indians
then lived upon fertile valleys with abundance of
game, and that the prosperity and progress, which
to me is most gratifying, of the people of Texas,
has now driven the Indians from the fertile pknns
into the arid tegion where but little game is to be
found ;and now, by necessity, they commit forays
for plunder in older that they may obtain food,
which is not to be found m the haunts to which
thev have been driven.
Then, again, it is to be remembered that Texas
did not occupy to the boundary of the Rio Grande.
I contended in 1850 that that was her territory.
I contended for it a great way up the stream; but
nevertheless it is true that she did not maintain
posts on the borders of that river overlooking the
territories of Mexico. A portion of the force in
Texas is to be accounted for by manning those
posts which maik the boundary oft he Rio Grande,
and which Texas never occupied with a regular
force.
Now, sir, the question of economy is to be an-
swered in several forms. As I understand the
argument, the basis of it, and it was so stated by
the Senator from Georgia, is, that the cost, whilst
in the service, of a militiaman and of a regular
is the same. He made some slighting remarks
about the skill of regulars in making out accounts,
to which I have no reply to make, but he said the
pay and allowances were the same; overlooking
the fact, that the more frequently you change the
force the greater its cost. lie has neglected the
law which gives to the militiaman fifty cents a
day for his own subsistence, and twenty-fivecents
for that of his horse, whilst he is goinsr to and
trotting back, and twenty-five cents for the use of
his horse while he ismseivice. It is a fact that
we have been able to get very few volunteers other-
wise than mounted. It has become steadily more
and more so with each year. The late Adjutant
Geneial Jones used to* say, that he recollected
the time when the song was, that a man was to
shoulder his musket and march away, but now it
was toget upon a horse and ride away. His com-
plaint was then that he could not get miUtia to
serve on foot. He cowld not get militia m Florida
to serve on foot. It was not so much that they
required to ride, as that they would not serve for
the poor pay given to the private soldier of the
United States; they required the pay of mounted
men, pay and allowances for their horses; and the
indemnity for their horses, which always follows,
in a heavy train, behind the allowance for peimis-
sion to use the hoi&e at all.
All these matters* have been reduced to calcula-
tion; we have had reports on them. It is hard 1 y ne-
cessary to ar^ue that the tiavehng allowances, the
clothing which is on the ratio of the first year's
services, and the pay for the use of the horses,
constitute the items that make up the very great
expense of the employment of volunteers. These
have all been stated in tables, which have hereto-
fore been prepared, presented, and published for
the use of the Government. The Senator from
Florida [Mr. Mallory] this morning referied to
the letter of Mr. Poinsett. That letter commu-
nicated a report of the Paymaster General, who
went beyond the limits of the then Secretary of
War. He refers to the disparity between the cost
of the two forces as nearly kix to one, because, he
says, the horses that are employed are merely to
carry the men from place to place, and really im-
pede the march of the column. Then he goes on
to state that—
"Thi« enormous disparity m the expend of the two
forces is not owing to the e\tiu"vagant aUo\vniie< -s made to
volunteers; ioi, except m the aihele of clothing, they aio
not bettei paid than regnlai tioop-, and altogethei nwil)i-
cienfly compensated to reimbut-e them for the pceiunaiy
sacrifices they make in leaving home and employment, to
«ay nothing of the danger and hardship-* they eneountei U
is caused principally bv expenses for tiavehng to and fiom
the place where tlie service-* ot the volunteer and mihtia
areiequired; to the hire, maintenance, and indemnify for
ho^es; and to fui niching them a fulls-uppij of clothitigas a
bounty, without jegard to length of service. The statement's
also show the expense of volunteer.-* frcrvmg on foot, and ot
mihua. The teiinof service oft lie latter never exceeds three
months, unless specially piovided lor.
"Tlieie i< one comparison Mat would plaeu the contiast
between the expenses of regular and megular troops in a
much stioircjei light, if I had the data to enable me to state
it in figutPs; and that i-, the eo-npaiative Io«s and deduc-
tion oi miiitaiy stoiesand public property by the two forces."
He presents his tabular statement in which he
shows, on the basis of the companies, that for six
months the cost of si company of United States
dragoons was 413,573, and for the mounted vol-
unteers $22,575. That is the ratio to which the
attention of the Senator from Georgia is-called
Before he again assumes the position that' the ex-
pense is the same.
The Senator announced, in the course of his
argument, that the cost per man of the Army, was
$1,000 per annum; but the Senator from Maine,
I think, says it is gl,500. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] says it is $1,000; and
thus it seems lobe a question between the gentle-
men whether it is $1,000 or $1,500. I am quite
at a loss to know by what process of calculation
they reach that result. Surely the Senator from
Georgia, when he states the cost per man during
the time Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of War, to
be $273, has not based his calculation on any dat$
which will lead him to decide that $I,000'isthe
cost of a man now. "Whatever process of calcu-
lation is adopted, it must be different fpr the one
case and the other to reach these results? It is
utterly impossible to obtain them by any one pro-'
cess of calculation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can refer the Senator to my
authority. In 1842, the Secretary of War, Mr.
Spencer, of New York, I think, was called upon
to compare the estimate of expenditures. He puts
it at that amount on the same basis by dividing
the expense by the number of men and officers.
The report I stated from recollection was that it
was $273. That is where my information is de-
rived from.
Mrr DAVIS. The report of 1620 is to be found
in the American State Papers, volume 2, pages
40-7; and in it is stated the strength of the Army
at dliferent dates,and the annual expense per man,
im lading officers; and this report states it to have
been, in 1809, 1810, and 3 SI I, $*383 60; in 1820,
$336 56,per man; and that the reduction of nearly
fifty dollars has been ascribed, and I think with
much justice, though I do not believe it is wholly
due to that causc, to the increase of the Army
which, in the mean time, had taken place. The
Army had been increased on the peace establish-
ment by six thousand men, and the expense per
man had sunk nearly fifty dollars.
Now, Kir, I have had a calculation .made on the
present basis to ascertain what a regiment of in-
fantry will cost; and I have asked that it shall be
; a regiment of infantry to be raised, including the
! whole expense for recruiting, the first years' cloth-
I iiig, all the camp and garrison equipage, so as to
j bring it as nearly as possible inlo a fair compar-
! ison or parallelism with a volunteer force raised
i for the same time. It is the same table which was
I furnished to the Senator from Texas, but which
could not have been in lus possession when
he made his remarks. The pay during tsvelve
i: months of a maximum infantry regiment, eight
i! hundred and seventy-eight strong, (that includes
I! all the field and staff, and includes the additional
' men granted by the act of 1850,) including ofii-
> cers' subsistence, clothing for their servants, and
i forage for the horses of the field and staff, subsist-
I ence of the enlisted men at the price which has been
| estimated for the Utah expedition, clothing for the
i! enlisted men, with camp and garrison equipage
: for the ofliceis and men, make the total amount
; of maintaining for one year such a regiment,
' $293,784 39. If to this be added the maximum
cost of raising such a regiment, §14,630, we shall
' have an aggregate of $308,414 39; and this divided
by eight hundred and seventy-eight would give
us the cost per man for the first year, $351 24.
: The cost of raising a regiment would ot course be
i excluded from all subsequent calculations. The
' estimate for clothing would be greatly lessened
J the second year; and the estimate for camp and
]; garrison equipage would disappear.
ji We have had an estimate lately sent in to us,
JI of $385,000 required by the pay department alone
for twenty companies of volunteers for six months.
I. That would be equal to ten companies for twelve
[| months; and taking it and comparing it with this
! [ estimate of a regiment for a year, adding thecost
1 of rations, which is $77,015, it would give a total
: of $462,015, (including merely the cost of rations
i and the pay,) or §526 21 per man. It follows,
then,thata liegiment of volunteers would, for one
year, cost $153,000 61 more thtyi a regular regi-
