2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Captains Hembree and Bennett, and other offi- stand upon the same footing, and ought to be cared '
cers wereamon°- the numberthat never returned. for alike. I say, while you provide for paying :
Their families and friends were left to mourn their him, will you neglect the people whoso nobly;
jogg , turned out to save the settlements of Oregon and '
But, Mr. Chairman, to proceed with the hor- |> Washington from the tomahawk and scalping- ^
rorsofthis war. While in Oregon last summer, |, knife of these savages?
I took occasion to inquire of the chief, who was ;
mainly instrumental in getting u|5 this war, to
learn the particulars of the fate of some of our
people who disappeared in that war of 1855, and
of whom we had been able to learn nothing.
When I suggested to the agent in the council that
I proposed to inquire the fate of Mrs. Wagner,
Mrs. Haynes, and others, he was inclined to think
that it would raise the bitter feelings of the In-
dians, but said that we could make the inquiry.
I told him that I had passed through the country
where these people had lived, and that their
friends were very anxious to learn their fate. I
inquired in relation to Mrs. Wagner, who was a
well-educatcd and handsome woman from New
York, who had lived long in the country, and
spoke the Indian tongue fluently. She kept a
public house by the roadside., and the good cheer
which she always furnished made it a place where
Travelers delighted to stop. The Indians toid me,
that on the morning of the 9th of October they came
m sight of the house, where they met some team-
sters and packers, a portion of whom they mur-
dered, destroying the wugonsand cargocs, as well
as theammals, while she wasstandmg in the door, j
If I had known that I would have had an op- !
portunity to make a speech here to-day, I would j
have brought with me, to read to the House, the ;
memorial of Mr. Besson. He happened to be in j
our Territory at the time the war broke out, and .
m the book which he published on his return to :
New York, he said many hard things of the peo- !
pie of Washington and Oregon. Since then, he j
has exercised liis better judgment, and over his .
own signature he has memorialized Congress to 1
pay the volunteers for service rendered and ex-
pense incurred in prosecuting the war against the j
Indians. None save General Wool, (and to him :
I do not carc row to refer,) who at lust were op- i
posed to the war, but have recanted that opinion.
They have changed front on the matter, and all
of them would now be glad to see the people of
Washington and Oregon reimbursed. It is just ,
that they should be paid; and in their name, and
in then-behalf, 1 beg thatwhile you arc providing
for the claim of Governor Douglass, you will also
provide for paying the people of Oregon and
Washington for services rendered and expenses i
incurred. They are as worthy as he, and their ,
claims as just and meritorious as his. His is a
As soon as they had murdered the poo pie outside, ;; good claim, but equally so is theirs.
they came towards the house, winch was strongly 11 There are many th i ngs to winch I could refer,
1 if I had time, to show why it was that the people
were compelled to take up arms against their sav-
age foe, to endure hardships, to incur expense,
and to peril their lives. The southern portion of
built of hewn logs, and had a heavy door, which
fastened with cross bars. When she saw them
running towards the house, she shut the doorand
dropped the bars, to prevent their breaking in.
They'came to the door, and ordered her to come
out, and bring out her little girl. She said " no."
Her husband was absent—and, by the way, he
was the only man on that road who escaped. They
said that if she did not come out they would shoot
her. She declined; and, after some deliberation,
they determined to set the hous« on fire. The
house was directly enveloped m /lames; and the
chief, who watched her through a little window,
told me that he saw her go tq the glass and ar-
range her hair, then take a seat in the middle of
the room, fold her little gill in her arms, and wait
calmly until the roof fell in,and they peiishcd m an unimportant or valueless Territory,
the flames together. And the statement was con " 1 1 -'  --1-*1
firmed by the people who found their remains
lying together in the middle of the house.
The account of the atrocities perpetrated upon
Mrs. Iiaynesare so horrible that! will not relate
them.
These volunteers, sir, are the men who defended
us against the Indians, who had declared their
intention of murdei ing every white man, woman,
and child, in th6 Territory.
Mr. Chairman, the settlers of Oregon were en-
couraged to go there by the Government of the
United States. Congress passed an act donating
land to all who would go and settle in Oregon.
Many responded to those inducements held out to
go and settle there. They went at grt'At saci ifioe
of comfort and at great hazard. Many of them
fell by the hand of the savage before they reached
that far-off country. But while the Government!
thus held out inducements to the people to go !
there and settle, they neglected io take, the pre- !
caution to extinguish the Indian title to the lands, j
That, however, was nor the fault of the settlers;:
it was the fault of the Government. The people ,
continued to be harassed by the Indians from the !
very commencement of the settlement up to that
great war.
These expenses, Mr. Chairman, were incurred
in good faun, and were necessary expenses in the
prosecution of that war. And I leave it to this
committee to say whether they shall be paid at the
same time this good man, Governor Douglass—
the wealthiest man in that section of country—is
being paid I have said that Mr. Douglass is the
wealthiest man m that section of the country; he
is, and has been for yeais, connected with the
Hudson's Bay Company, and was largely inter-
ested in having the property of that company lying
in Washington Territory protected. In that'fer-
ritory the company have stores, trading posts,
herds, and flocks, that were protected by our troops
as effectually as were those of any of the settlers
of Washington orOregon. He is to be paid, while
the citizens aie left unprovided for. Their claims
Oregon is rich in gold; and millions of gold that
comes to the Atlantic States as the product of Call- ,
fornm, is the yield of our Oregon mines. Our peo- ;
pie are law-abiding, industrious, generous, and
brave, and ought not to be neglected. The set-
tlements are sparse,consequently helpless, and to 1
a great extent dependent upon iho good will of
Congress for many tilings which they cannot af-
foid themselves. Millions and millions of dollars
which conies here as California gold, is, in reality,
gold from Oregon, for the benefit of our friends in
this portion of our country. It is not, therefore,
lueless Territory. Itisalso
ch in soil, and the climate is as salubrious and
as healthful as any in the world.
Now, sir, from the time the settlements were
commenced in the Rogue River valley, the In-
dians began their depredations upon the settlers;
and from that time to the end of the late war t hey
did not cease their course of rapine and murder.
I have a statement, compiled under direction of
the Legislative Assembly ofOregon, which shows
that, during the peace and before the breaking out,
of open war, the Indians had killed two hundred
and forty-four whites. The people made no war,
although there are some who will deny that it
was full cause for war. Could more be borne by
a Christian people5
I have noticed the action of Congress generally,
and especially on'uppropi lauon bills, for many
years, and find that whenever an appropriation
bill is up, based upon estimates of the Depart-
ments, it is sure to pass. Congressional legisla-
tion is generally for the few. Nine tenths of the
legislation here is not for the many; the great mass
of our citizens are not c\-ued for; but whenever
there is a bill for the regular Army, Navy, water-
works, or for a wealthy man, there is very little
difficulty in getting it through; but when the mass
of the people have a just claim upon the Govern-
ment they are held back, and justice is long de-
layed from them. Let an appropriation bill come
here with the sanction of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and members unite and pass it at
I once. The favorite argument is, '• do not stop
the wheels of Govei nmeut." "Put it through."
Not so with the bills for paying claims of the
people against the Government. Their claims, if
unpaid, will not stop the wheels of Government,
and they remain neglected. This character of
legislation seems not for the benefit of those who
need it, and to whom justice would seem to de-
mand that it should be given; but is extended to
the wealthy man. We here have for years turned
our faces against legislating upon just claims,
which ought to be considered and acted on. We
have allowed them to ^o over year after year; and
in this case, if the same course be pursued, when
these claimants shall get their four dollars a day,
it will not be worth, to them, as much as one dol-
lar would have been at the time the service was
rendered. Delay is to enable the speculator to
reap his harvest—to prey upon the vitals of our
suffering people.
These claims ought to be paid, and paid now.
They have been allowed by a board of sworn
commissioners. Many of these people who were
comfortable and well to do before the war, have
now, having lost their all, been compelled to go
out to work by the day, while their wives and
children have had to endure much hardship. It
is for this House to say whether justice shall he
meted out to them or be withheld; whether they
shall or shall not be paid for services rendered and
expenses incurred. Shall we provide for Governor
Douglass, and leave the people of Oregon and
Washington unprovided for ? Shall we send away
the needy and provide for the wealthy? I do not
object to Governor Douglass; I object to the prin-
ciple. His claim ought to be paid. I want now,
and for all time, to enter my protest against this
sort of legislation. I want one provided for as
well as the other. I will not make any rash prom-
ises; but if I had it in my power, there should be
no action upon any appropriation bill until this
matter was considered and allowed. If Congress
think the amount too small, let them increase it;
but I do not ask them to increase, and I trust that
they will not leduce the claims, but take them as
allowed by the commissioners, two of whom were
Army officers, who are notmore indulgent to the
citizens than Army officers ought to be. They
were just, and are honorable, high-toned men,
and what ought to be paid they have allowed,
and nothing more.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to say to
my friend from Oregon that I did not vote to ad-
journ this House on the 7th of June next. Now,
if membeis expect to get away on that day, they
must set apart some time for the consideration
and passage of the appropriation bills. If these
hills are not passed, I will stand by my friend from
Oregon to July or August next to transact the
public business if the resolution for the adjourn-
ment be rescinded.
Mr. COBB. 1 wish just here to give notice
that I intend, on Monday next, to move to re-
scind that resolution.
Mr. LANE. I only want to say to the com-
mittee that Congress ought not to adjourn* until
they have tiansacted the business for which they
have been sent here. I will not lecture the com-
mittee on that; it is not my duty to do so; but it
strikes me that Congress ought, before its ad-
journment, to transact the necessary business of
the country. IIow is it any more necessary to
pass appropriation bills than it is to do justice to
that portion of your defenseless fellow-citizens,
away out west of the Itocky Mountains, who aie
scattered over a distance oi country so large, and
so defenseless, that the savages can, at their pleas-
ure, run in and tomahawk them? Ought their
claim to be disregarded * Ought Congress to give
them the cold shoulder? Ought gentlemen to say
that the people of Oregon should not be paid for
their services and expenditure in the defense of
their settlements > If you continue to do so for a
series of years, can you expect that the people of
Oregon will always maintain their devotion to this
Union? I know that the people of Oregon place
themselves upon theConstitution,and are true to
the interests of every portion of the Union. I have
never seen the day—I shall never see it so long
as I am an active man—when, if the northern
portion of this country were invaded, I would not
rush quickly to the rescue, and help to expel the
enemy, although that enemy might be composed
of the combined forces of the world. And so I
would act if the southern portion of my country
were invaded. My affections, as also the affec-
tions of the people ofOregon, rest upon the whole
country, and will rest upon it for all time to come.
And I ask you, ought you not, in your justice
and wisdom, to take care of them as your people?
Among the entire population of that Territory, we
have none, save a very few, who are not Ameri-
can-born citizens—blood of your blood: and that
few, Mr. Chairman, have already become Amer-
ican citizens. The country is settled up with cit-
izens from every State in the Union—from Mas-
sachusetts, Now York, North Carolina, Georgia,
