10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
matters touching myself personally; and to that
end, since last evening when I retired from the
Democratic caucus, I have made it my purpose to
prosecute the necessary inquiries with reference to
the person referred to in the paper that has been
read. It will be remembered that the occurrence
took place on Saturday last. I intimated it to a
colleague, who is now in my eye, and to him alone.
I came to the Democratic caucus that evening,
fretting under the emotions which the proposi-
tion itself produced; and, actuated by the con-
victions of my heart, when the name of Mr. Wen-
dell was presented, I stated in the hearing of every
one who was then present, that Mr. Wendell was
at least most unfortunate in his friends; for, how-
ever it might be with him, corruption at least
attached to them. Is or is not that the statement
in substance which I made, at the time to which
I refer? I call on the gentleman from "Virginia—
my colleague—who sat by my side, to say whether
that is not the substance of what I said?
Mr. HOPKINS. I rccollcct that that was the
substance.
Mr. CLEMENS. After Saturday the events
are sufficiently explained in the correspondence.
I have conceived it my duty, acting in the p-ath
to which I have referred, to see whether the per-
son referred to in the inclosed statement would,
or would not, stand up to what he said. I am
satisfied that there is a disposition on his part to
skulk behind my body from the disgrace in which
he has voluntarily involved himself, and, although
he has forfeited all claim at my hands, there is
something due to his family and to his connec-
tions; and—unprincipled scoundrel as he is—I
profess that I am not here to stand as his pro-
tector, but to act as a shield for those who are
innocent, and to protect them from the effects of
his acts.
Under these circumstances, then, I conceive it
to be nothing more than a public duty to say,
weighing calmly and impartially everything con-
nected with this, the most disagreeable subject of
my life, I take this occasion to avow that, under
all the circumstances, and as my mind is atpresent
inclined, I take the statement of Mr. Wendell in
preference to that of the person referred to m so
far as Mr. Wendell denies all complicity in, or
knowledge of, the proposition which was made
to me.
I shall go no further than that; I conceive it to
be an act of simple duty; and I do this act of
justice to a man whom I never saw in my life,
simply because I do not desire hereafter, come
what may, to let the reflection rest on my con-
science of having, either knowingly or unknow-
ingly, done an act of injustice to a man who may
possibly be innocent.
Mr. SMITH, of Vir ginia. The question is on
proceeding to the election of Printer. I move to
amend the motion, by substituting the following
resolutions:
Revolved, That a committee be appointed by the Speaker
to examine into the Jaws in relation to the printing for tiie
Houf-e of Representatives, tlie pucew paid theiet'or, and the
duties of the Public Printer, whose duty it j-hallbe to repoit
thereon with the least practicable delay, together with such
change or improvement therein as they may deem advis-
able.
Rewired, further, That until such report and action
thereon by tins House, the election of Public Printer shall
be postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Is the resolution now before the House ? If not,
then I object to it, because there is a pending;
proposition, to which it cannot be offered, either
as an amendment by way of substitute, or other-
wise.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received as a substitute for the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama. The Chair thinks it js in
order as a substitute.
Mr.SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to assure
you, sir, and this House, that I have no purpose
to subserve, no interest to promote, no object to
effect, except that which is in harmony with the
duty that I owe to myself and to the country.
It is known to this House—for we are from the
people'—that there is a very profound complaint
existing in the pubkc mind as to the enormous
expense to the Treasury of this branch of the ;
public service. It is known, also, I presume, to j
every member of the House, that it is believed j
this enormous expenditure is connected more or i.
less with very large corruption. Under such cir- :!
cumstances as these, it is our duty as represent-
atives of the people, and as the guardians of the
public interests, to institute an investigation into
a subject connected so gravely and so seriously
with the well-being of the country. It is repre-
sented, and believed, that there was a profit real-
ized of forty per cent, upon the public printing
of this House for the last session. It is believed,
sir, that the printing ordered during the last Con-
gress, amounting to $2,000,000, will pay a profit
of $800,000. It is beliayed that the Public Printer
elected to-day could sell his rights and privileges
for a quarter of a million of dollars, the money
to be paid within thirty days after those rights
are vested.
Is it possible, under such circumstances, that
this House will hesitate to institute an inquiry
by which the truth of these allegations and rep-
resentations are to be ascertained ? Is it possible
that this House can pause for an instant in their
course in relation to a subject which involves so
heavy an expenditure, and one which pays so
heavy a profit to the person performing the duty
of Public Printer?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think, if the gentleman
will make one modification of his resolution, it
will not meet with opposition from any quarter.
Let us go on and elect a Printer, and then raise a
committee to investigate the matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I unders-tand that
suggestion, and I think that the gentleman who
makes the suggestion, and his friends, must know
that a suggestion of that sort amounts to nothing
as a measure of reform. We know perfectly well
that the Public Printer is not only an officer, but
an officer who acquires vested rights which cannot
be disturbed. Anticipating that this suggestion
would be made, I came here, not only with the
general principles familiar to every lawyer in this
Hall, but with the act providing for the appoint-
ment of a Public Printer, and prescribing his
rights and duties, in which this very point is pro-
vided for.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is not the gentleman's
proposition a proposition to keep in the present
Public Primer?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now, see how the
cat jumps! I will read the thirteenth section of
the act passed in 1852:
" Jlnit be it further enaclcd, That all acts or joint resolu-
tions conflicting wifh the piovisions of tins act aie hereby
repealed; und nothing herein contained shall be construed
to nuthonze file cancelment of any contract now or heie-
tofoie entered into with any printer under the law hereto-
fore in loree, or to abrogate tua rights in any way, without
Ins consent."
So, you observe, that the very question in-
volved—the vested rights of the Public Printer—
is guarded in the act passed in 1859. If, then,
we go into the election of a Public Printer now,
the Printer we may elect will acquire rights be-
yond our reach during the present Congress. He
will be able to reap this rich harvest, which has
been reaped heretofore by every man who has
filled the office of Public Printer. Every man,
within my recollection, who has occupied that
office, has grown suddenly rich. I say suddenly
rich, because he has realized a fortune in a year,
which is seldom acquired only by the labors of a
life time.
It is not my purpose to discuss this subject at
large,and I propose now only to answer a single
objection. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] says that the effect of the adop-
tion of this resolution will be to keep in office the
present Printer. Somebody must do the work.
The resolution I have had the honor to submit,
provides for theappointment of a committee whose
duty it shall be to malte a report without unne-
cessary delay. All parties will be interested to
bring the matter to a termination at the earliest
possible moment. In view of the heavy expend-
iture in printing, it becomes the duty of the ma-
jority of this House, as also it is the duty of the
minority, to concur in areform by which this bur-
den is to be taken, to some extent, from a Treas-
sury now almost exhausted.
I have submitted this view of the subject be-
cause I deemed it my duty. I shall be perfectly
content with the decision of the House. Each
member will give his vote upon his own respons-
ibility, and to that decision I am perfectly willing
to leave the subject. Thank God I have no per-
sonal feeling, and no purpose to subserve in the
matter.
Mr. KEITT. I suppose it is proper that I
should say I have no purpose to subserve; and I
may add, from the manifestations around me,
that the country will be admirably taken care of.
It seems that we are all for the country, and not
for ourselves, or the "rest of mankind."
The proposition now before the House is not
Mr. Wendell or anybody else-. It is whether we
shall proceed to the election of a Public Printer in
the usual and ordinary way. My friend from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] says:" I care nothing about
this matter; I rise to a question of public import-
ance, and I shall be satisfied with the decision of
the House." Very good. I understand, then,
that he cares nothing about Mr. Wendell or any-
body else, and that he knows no one in the matter.
But my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] said to him, " modify your resolution, and
provide for the election of a Public Printer, and
the appointment of a committee to inquire after-
wards." "Ay," says my friend from Virginia,
" your party is now in power, and you want your
man."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg leave to say
that I have no recollection of having referred to
" your party." You may say " your party."
Mr. KEITT. He referred to our friends upon
this side. "Well," said the gentleman from
North Carolina, "do not you want to keep in
the present Public Printer?" "Now, see how
it jumps," replied the gentleman from Virginia.
The other side wants—what? Not the present
Public Printer. What does the gentleman from
Virginia want? He wants the present Public
Printer—at least that is the inference from what
he says.
But my friend from Virginia says he would not
have voted for Wendell until after this attack.
What does this attack mean? What does the
gentleman say ? That men in two years have
grown suddenly rich. Did he not say that we
had run up our printing bill most extravagantly,
and that corruption stains it? If, then, corrup-
tion stains it, I ask whether corruption does not
stain the Public Printer?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
be good enough to remember what I said?
Mr. KEITT. I will try.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I said it was a
known fact that the expenses of the public print-
ing, for the last two years^were of the most
onerous and enormous character; and I said that
the impression on the public mind is, that this
expenditure is the cover of large corruption. That
is what I said. I expressed no opinion upon the
subject, for I know nothing about it.
Mr.KEITT. Exactly; but the gentleman from
Virginia, in embodying the rumors and impres-
sions of the community, gives his sanction to
them, more or less; and I say that by any ex-
pression, upon his part, of rumors of corruption,
he more or less discolors and stains the character
of the Printer. These charges of corruption, by
implication, come now from those who are de-
fending Mr. Wendell—not from those said to
have made the charges. The gentleman says he
.would not have voted for Mr. Wendell until the
charges were made. If the charges for the public
printing have been onerous—the gentleman did
not say unjust, but that is a necessary inference—
or if there has been an unusual and unnecessary
quantity of printing done, and in this way the bill
has been run up, then the error lies somewhere;
it lies either in this House, in the Committee on
Printing, or in the Public Printer. Bring it do wn
as you may, it must come to a charge against the
House, the Public Printer, or the Committee on
Printing. Well, sir, I am willing to investigate
the matter; but while we are investigating charges
here of extraordinary extravagance on the part
of the Printer, shall we continue him m office?
We are asked to postpone the election in order
that,we may examine into this matter. If it be of
sufficient magnitude to make us hold our hand, is
it not of sufficient magnitude for us to get some-
body else to carry on the printing ad interim ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to make
a statement to the gentleman just at this point;
and I desire to do it because it is known to all the
members of the House that I was one of the warm
friends of Mr. Wendell. I did not do him much
good, but I did all I could for him, because I
believe him to be an honest man, and a good
printer. I state here, by his authority, that he
