58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
ment of the same strength; or an individual vol-
unteer during" the same period,, #174 97 more
than ail individual regular soldier. It will be re-
membered, however, that these volunteers are
mounted .*
Mr. BENJAMIN. In my statement as to the
cost per man of the Army, I took from the esti-
mates submitted by-the War Department what
the Secretary of War himself states as to the ex-
penses of the Army proper. I find the estimates
as follows: First, expenses of recruiting, trans-
portation of recruits, &c., $110,000; next, pay,
commutation of officers' subsistence, commuta-
tion 6f forage,payments to discharged soldiers for
clothing not drawn, payments in lieu of clothing
for officers'servants, subsistence in kind, clothing
of the Army, supplies for the quartermaster's de-
partment, incidental expenses of that department,
■ barracks, transportation of officers' baggage,
transportation of troops and supplies, purchase
of horses, contingencies of the Army, medical
and hospital department, contingent expenses of
theadjutantgeneral's department, expenses of the
commanding general's office,—the whole making,
together, as the expenses of the Army proper,
$14,776,619 49.
Now, if we take, according to the statement of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, the cost
of raising a regiment, and count that only as added
to the pay and rations, undoubtedly he may bring
the expenses per man to four or five hundred dol-
lars; but have we any assurance that all the other
expenses and all those other branches of the Army
service are not to increase proportionately to the
Army, and consequently that the sum total of the
appropriations will still remain about a thousand
dollars perman ? I do notprofesstobe acquainted
with thesedetails, but I take the report of the Sec-
retary of War, and he says ho wants §15,000,000
for the Army proper, which now averages about
fifteen thousand men, making $1,000 per man.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to the Senator from
Louisiana for his explanation, and think it is easily
answered. It is a process of calculation which al-
ways leads tocrror. There are some methods of
computation which will occasionally be right, and
sometimes wrong; but that is a process which is
always wrong, and cannot be right. I will put
the two cases that result from that process. I
will suppose that fortifications cease; that the
manufacture of arms ceases; that your staff is dis-
banded; that you swell the companies to the max-
imum limit; that you have additional regiments;
that you raise an army to that magnitude which
mighteven frighten the Senatorswho have spoken
* Table furnished from the Jlrfjutant GcncrnTs Office,
Pay during twelve month*, of a maximum infamry regi-
ment (678 strong,) including olhcers's subsistence, cloth-
ing for their scivantb, and loi.ige tor horses of the field
arid ntnfT   $167,120 50
Subsistence of the enlisted men, at twenty-five
cents per man, (estimated rate for the Aimy
in Utah,)  77,015 00
Clothing lor the enlisted irion, with the camp
and garrison equipage, tor officers and men., 49,643 89
Leaving for the whole amount of maintaining,
for one year, a etationaiy mfantty regiment
(878 .strong)     $293,784 39
Add lo which the cost of raising the same  34,630 00
$303,411 39
It is to be observed, that the above sunn of $293,784 39
is a full and minutely exact estimate of the whole amount
jHquiied lor the pay, clothing, subsistence, and personal
equipment (exclusive only ofaims) oi a maximum infantry
regiment, supposed to be full, at the beginning of the year,
and to be kept lull throughout the whole succeeding twelve
months.
It is moreover to be observed, that the estimates for cloth-
ing is for a first year's supply, which is considerably greater
than that for cither of the rsiib^oqticnr four jears ; the pro-
portional cost of an mfantiy soldier's allowance for the
live years, beinsr, according to the last table published ro
the Aimy, in 18.35-. as follows: fast year, £'11 03; second
vear, $23 61; third year,§36 67 ; fourth year, $23 61; fifth
year, i§31 52.
The allowance of camp and gamson equipage, herein in-
cluded, is expected, beside, under ordinaly circumstances,
to last throughout the whole live years.
The estimated cost of raiding a regiment is not to be
counted in the same year with that above furnished for
maintaining it; not only, because, a5? already stated, the
latter completely covers the year, but for the reason that
many items, of eApensv included in the former, and which
cannot easily be separated from if, aie also included m the
latter.
of the dangers of a standing army; and yet, ac-
cording to this process of calculation you would
bring forward a beautiful sheet of economy. You
would havelopped offthe vastexpenditures which
do not depend on numbers; you would have mul-
tiplied the lower grades where the smallest pay is
received, and, per capita, you would bring up a
sheet demonstrating a most economical adminis-
tration. Now,let us take the other case: suppose
that, following in the footsteps of our fathers, and
profiting by the experience of the time which has
intervened from their day to this, wo think proper
to maintain, in time of peace, a large staff; w'
think proper to go 011 with fortifications for the
contingencies of war; we think proper to go on
with the manufacturing of arms, so that the whole
militia may be supplied at any moment; we think
proper to cut down the companies to the small
number necessary for duty in time of peace; we
think proper to maintain a large number of regi-
ments in proportion to the whole number of the
rank and file; and then, per capita, you have the
greatest expenditure you could possibly show,
yet you have the wisest economy, according to
the theory of our military system, which could
be adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the list of expenditures
to which I have just referred, I carefully excluded
everything having reference to the manufacture
of arms, and to fortifications. That list has no
reference to them at all. They are excluded. If
we include these and other, items, the expenses
would reach twenty millions.
Mr. DAVIS. But you include-all the vastly
expensive portions of the Army in your estimate.
You include the staff, which would not be in-
creased by adding to the number of men, and
which, 011 our theory, is maintained in time of
pomace because it is essential in time of war; be-
cause it is a part of that arrangement by which
you render effective, with the small nucleus pre-
served in time of peace, a large army in the field.
Besides, it will bo remembered that by special
legislation you have sometimes increased the pay
of particular officers, genera! and staff; you have
raised it to a magnitude which bears no relation
to that of the soldiers; and this is an argument ad-
duced against the increase of companies, against
the increase of privates in the Army; but it has
resulted from the pay which you have bestowed
with a liberal hand on some officers in the service.
I say such a process of calculation leads to error,
and cannot lead to any other result. It never can
evolve the truth. It may vary the one side or the
other, just in proportion as the Administration
multiply the troops and diminish the size of the
staff, or the reverse; but it is false, work it out as
you may.
In the argument of Mr. Calhoun, in his report
of 1820, in answering then the very same objec-
tions which are made now, as to the expensive
character of our peace establishment, he pointed
out the unfairness of including the staff m such
an argument, and running a parallel between the
staff of our Army and others. A nation of Europe
keeping 011 herpeace cstablishmentan army equal
to her war purposes, and having it concentrated,
and with a staff exactly commensurate to the size
of that army, forms no standard of measure for a
country like ours and an army like ours, where
we preserve, in time of peace, astaff suited to the
vast augmentation of our force, by bringing the
militia in to the field in time of war. The same argu-
ment which he made then is applicable now; but I
shall not detain the Senate longer on this point.
I am not arguing that the expense of our mili-
tary establishment is not great, or more properly
the expense of protecting our frontier; butarguing
rather that the whole theory on which the oppo-
sition rests is wrong. They contend that, in pro-
portion as you increase the number of men, you
will increase the expenses of the Army. It is not
so; because, if you use one regiment to perform
the duty of Jive, you add to the expense of that
I regiment the transportation to the places where
I five would be stationed, and you increase the ex-
, penses of that regiment just in proportion as you
I move it over great distances. Then the expense
| comes in, as this year, in the form of transporta*
j tion. It comes in exactly as that deficiency which
1 was cited by the Senator from Maine, and which
he argued should be included in the expense per
capita. That is an expense which is proportion-
ately great as you reduce the number of men.
The transportation increases from the want of
ability to station the men wherever they are; and
that is compensated for by taking the same man
and using him at a number of places. Never, in
the history of any nation, were such extensive
marches and movements made, and over plains
so desert and so totally destitute of all supplies by
the way, as those made by our Army in the last
two or three years.
This brings me to the argument of the Senator
from Georgia, that on account of-the improve-
ments which have been made, an army of twenty-
five thousand men is equal to what one hundred
thousand would have been twenty-five years ago.
Sir, twenty-five years ago we had none of these
long marches to make which arc reported by the
Secretary of War. Twenty-Jive years ago our
Indian frontier was within reach of supplies which
could be sent on navigable water. It has been
since that time that our Indian frontier has been
pressed outward, the settlements advancing from
navigable waters, throwing our military opera-
tions into a country where everything has to be
transported at avast expense, and where nothing
is to be obtained, either on the road or at the place
of destination. These are the elements of increas-
ing expense, and the expense is not to be dimin-
ished by making speeches about what has been
done in former times, and what might be done
now. It requires the cooperation of the legislative
and executive branches, to reduce the expenses
of the Army, 01- any other branch of the public
service. Reforms have been asked, from year
year, to improve the administration of the Army,
but they have not been granted. The last two
Administrations, as well as this, have recom-
mended to Congress changes in the organization
which would be conducive to economy and effi-
ciency. Congress has not heretofore responded.
Whilst it does not so respond, it seems as idle, as
it is easy, to make declamation against the ex-
penses of the military establishment.
We are told by the Senator from Georgia that
he takes the standard of Mr. Calhoun, and he
made the argument—which I am willing to pass
over—that Mr. Calhoun left ten companies to the
regiment, and therefore he was retaining the the-
ory of Mr. Calhoun, against the invasion of that
theory by the proposed bill. Sir, the theory of
Mr. Calhoun was not any certain number of of-
ficers to the regiment; it was not any certain num-
ber of men to the company; it was not even any
certain number of officers to the Army. He says,
in his report, that those were things which varied
with different countries, and must v&ry in the
same country, at different times. He presented
what heielieved to be a good organization of the
staff. What I claim respect for in relation to Mr.
Calhoun's theory of organization, is the great
principle on which it rested; notthe details, which
were to vary with circumstances, but the mighty
truth, which his mind,contracting all light like a
moral lens, brought on the subject. It was the
truth of this theory of a skeleton army, in time
of peace, for purposes of instruction and organi-
zation, with a stalf adequate to the vast number of
militia which would be called into the field when-
ever we should be engaged in a foreign war.
That theory he presented; that theory he de-
fended ; that theory has been justified by practice
and experience from that day to this. That theory
is not violated by changing the number of men in
a company, or the number of men in a regiment,
or the number of companies in a regiment. The
number of companies in a regiment varies from
twelve to eight. It is not violated by increasing
or reducing the Army. It would only be violated
by establishing, as a rule, that we would on our
peace establishment keep a certain number of core-
panies required for frontier service, and swell them
up to the war or maximum standard, and then,
1 when we get into war, be compelled to meet its
contingencies by raising new troops, .or, as Mr.
Calhoun said, introducing a new element,instead
of expanding the old one.
The Senator from Texas says there is a want
of respectability in the rank and file of the Army,
and he draws that want of respectability from
