1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
tlieir inability to obtain promotion. I answered |
him on that point this morning, and showed lum j
that, at least, recent legislation had removed his j
argument, had opened the door wider than ever j
before, and the rank and file were in a better con-
dition now than they were at the time to which ;
he referred, so far as promotion was concerned, j
I endeavored—I will not say successfully—to con- |
trovert his idea that the present object was to di- I
minish that opportunity, and sought to show, and
I believe did show, that the first section of this
bill was to increase the opportunities for the pro-
motion of the rank and file, both to commissioned
and non-commissioned ofliceis.
But he repeated, this morning, something like
the argument he made the other day, when he aver-
red that there was an impassable barrier between
the rank and file and the commissioned officers,
and he ascribes it all to the Military Academy as
the root of the evil. He says these are political ap-
pointments. He seems to have a very bad opinion
of a man because he has been instructed in a par-
ticular branch. He seems to reach the conclusion
that it follows, as a necessary consequence, that
if a man has been educated for a particular pro-
fession, he is utterly unfit for it. Theiefore, the
lawyer, who gets a license, must be unfit to go
into court;'the surgeon, who has walked the hos-
pitals, must be unable to perform an operation.
It seems to me that the test to which they are ap-
plied ought to bring anybody's mind to a different
conclusion.
I propose to notice that, in connection with his
argument, that this is political favoritism. I
claim that on the theory which at present exists,
we have the most democratic basis which could
be incorporated into the Army. {low are your
cadets appointed ? It is true the law leaves to the
Executive the power to appoint; but it is well
known that the practice is, and for many years
has been, for the member of the congressional
district in which a vacancy occuis, to nominate
whomsoever Jie pleases from that district, and the
Secretary of War always appoints the person so
nominated. Then these appointments are polit-
ical only in the sense that they represent every
shade of political opinion which is represented in
the House of Representatives, and that every
political party, which can have a voice in the
House of Representatives, has a representative in
the Military Academy. Is that objectionable?
If so, how is it proposed to be cured?
Then, again, the large number appointed, say
one hundred per annum, exceeds the number who
are commissioned, say forty or fifty, more than
two to one. Thus double, or more than double,
the chances are given to the youth of the country
to get into the Academy, that are offered to get
places in the Army. I say you multiply the
oppottunitics; and how is this brought to bear?
Prom each congressional district a nomination
may be made. The cadet so nominated enters the
Academy, and there it depends on himself whether
he shall go through and obtain a commission or
not. When he attains that commission, he feels
that he has something which he has won by his
own effort; something he does not owe to the fa-
vor of any one, save so far as he may run back to
the early favor he received from the member who
nominated him to an office, which was so small that
the membei had probably forgotten it. If, then, I
say, there is any mode by which you could leave
the officer of the Army without any political bias
of character; anymode by which you could leave
him independently to feel that he mightentertain
whatever opinions he pleased, it is that which
you have adopted,and which enables him to reach
a commission by his own ellort, in contact with
the struggling many by whom he is to bo sur-
rounded.
If you were to increase that Academy twofold
in number, you would but render its principles
more democratic; you would but increase the
chances to youth to get position; you would but
increase the struggle which would be required to
obtain a commission, and give him additionally
to feel that whatever he attained he owed to his
country, and not to man; to himself, and not to
mere political favoritism.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business, and then adjourned.
Thursday, February 11.
Mr. President, having already consumed the
time of the Senate to a greater extent than I bad
anticipated, I shall endeavor to close my/cmarks
very soon. Yesterday, in the progress of are-
view of the various objections made to the bill, I
noticed those points that, relate to efficiency and
economy. I undertook to show, at that time, that
it was better all the duties of our peace establish-
ment, as it is called, should be performed by reg-
ular troops, than by the frequent calling out of
the militia. I endeavored, also, to indicate at
that time the sources of the increase in the ex-
penditure of the Army, and to show that this was
the result of the remote points at which the Army
was serving; it was the result of the vast expense
of transportation to those icmote points; it was
the result of the increased cost of every thing which
entered into the consumption and the active em-
ployment of the Army.
I do not recollect whether or not I stated another
very essential difference: being that, whilst at the
time the comparison of which I spoke was insti-
tuted, we had no mounted force except a small
amount of light artillery, we now have nearly one
third of the amount of the Army mounted; and
that portion of the Army almost constantly in
active service. Horses which at that time were
worth sixty or seventy dollars, cost last year $176;
forage has risen in the same proportion; and, as
the loss of horses in the service of the United States
has been referred to, I invite attention to the cases
which I cited yesterday, and others of alike kind,
where Indians had been pursued by troops for
hundreds of miles without cessation, passing over
sixty, and sometimes even eighty miles, almost,
scarcely without drawing the rein, in'puisuit of an
enemy as wily, as brave, and, mounted on horses,
nearly as fleet as the Arabs of the desert, over a
country quite as inhospitable, and in which it is
equally difficult to obtain water or food necessa-
ry to sustain a horse. Undergoing this severe
fatigue under excessive heat, is it matter of sur-
j prise that horses, drawn immediately from the
j farms where they have been purchased, and forced
! into such service.as this, should sink tinder the
! trial—should require to be renewed, and that the
expenditure should be great, as they must be sup-
! plied not only at the high rates of the market, but
' at the accumulated value they have when trans-
ported to these remote points?
The distribution, winch is to be made of the gross
amount of expenditure according to the statement
read by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
j jamin,] is not a distribution upon the heads of the
soldiers. For a fair comparison, reference must
be had to the different character of troops; and it
will be readily seen that the simple division of a
gross sum to be applied to a variety of objects
cannot give a result which will express the cost
of the soldier truly. The sum he has stated is, I
believe, perhaps about that which a mounted sol-
dier costs in the Army. Taking the troops serv-
ing at these remote points, engaged in these ex-
peditions, and taking the cost of forage, and the
supplying of remount horses, 1 believe it will
amount to what he stated, $1,000 per capita; but
this surely is not to be taken as the average cost
of the Army, it being nut the man only, but the
horse also, and the cost of both depending on the
locality of service. Equally delusive is the com-
parison made between the cost of this date and
that selected, there being no cavalry at the former
period, and the posts being then convenient to the
great markets of the country, and contiguous to
productive settlements.
I have never, I believe, either in my former or
present service in the Senate, referred to any criti-
cism in a newspaper, or to a newspaper article,
and I do not intend to do so now in that charactcr;
but the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] yesterday, introduced a newspaper arti-
cle, which,at that time, 1 had not read. Since it
has been introduced by a Senator to the Senate,
I will notice it; but otherwise I would not have
done so. It is a flippant article contained in the
Union of yesterday, in which the writer under-
takes to arraign the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate, and presumptuously, also, to ar-
raign the Senate, and, committing the most egrc-
' gious blunders, to state what, under certain con-
tingencies, the Senate would have done. Ha
announces, after speaking of the wants, and delay
the Senate nad made in attending to them:
" Strange as this delay is,its causes are yet stranger. The
increase recommended was by rcgimentfi. That recom-
mendation came first from the Lieutenant Genera! com-
manding the Army, indorsed by the Secretary of War, and
finally appioved by the President. It can scarcely he
doubted, had the Military Committees, without delay j re-
ported a bill in conformity with these suggestions, it would -
at this moment have been the law of the land, the regiments
in a foiward state of lecrmting, and arrangements in pi og-
ress for their early march to their places of destination."
So far as that delay occurred in the committee,
it occurred during the period the committee were
collecting information and investigating the sub-
ject, to reach a result and bring that result to the
Senate. Then, sir, as to what the Senate would
have done, that is not a matter of speculation.
The substitute presented by theSenatorfrom Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Gwin,] the very proposition of the
War Department, was voted upon, and it received
but eight votes in the Senate; and of those eight
votes, some Senators voted for it because they felt
it was a proposition so easily killed that they had
better substitute it for the bill of the committee,
with no desire that it should pass, with no intent
to sustain it, but simply adopting it as a means of
readily disposing of the whole question.
This article proceeds to deal with militarymfit-
ters, and informs the Senate and the committee
that all the knowledge on military affairs is at the
other end of the avenue; and then the writer pro-
ceeds himself to launch out a little. Speakingof
the Army organization, he says:
" Indeed, on inquiry, we learn that two of each of the
twelve artillery companies are intended for light field artil-
lery, and are not integrals of the garrison organization,which
conforms to the oiher regiment, is of long standing, is the
basis of our system, State and Federal, and of the systems
of the Euiopean armies."
If he had happened to know a little about the
organization of the European armies, of which
he speaks so confidently, he would have under-
stood that the artillery organization there is for
a wholly different purpose—a purpose for which
ours should be—and conforms to the idea which
I once presented to the Senate, when in the War
Department, to make our artillery organization
for the use of large guns, and not as they are now
—infantry, merely wearing a different uniform.
The article proceeds:
" In fact, but a hasty glance at the books shows but one
established system of regimental organization in ali theve
different atm^, and we find the entire tactical system based
on battalion, squadron, legimental drill, and army evolu-
tions, contemplating ten companies to each regiment."
The " glance" must have been "hasty" indeed
—hastier"than a " plate of soup;" and it must have
been oblique as well as hasty; otherwise it cer-
tainly must have occurred to the writer of this
article, who, it is apparent, is not as ignorant as
he is inclined willfully to misrepresent, that so far
from this being a uniform organization, it is an
exception in every army of Europe; that so^far
from ten companies being the universal organiza-
tion, so far from the tactics depending on the
numbe^* of companies, he will not find in any sys-
tem of tactics the word "regiment" used. Ali
our tactical organization is on the basis of the
battalion; and a battalion in the European armies
usually consists of some fraction of a regiment.
A regiment may consist of one, two, three, four,
: or six battalions, and in some circumstances it
; does. There are, in some set vices, regiments
i running up from six to twenty-four companies.
1 The idea of ten companies being the basis recog-
nized all over the world as necessary for the tac-
tics, is an absurdity which a man who shows as*
! much knowledge of the affair of which he writes
as the writer of this article, cannot have com-
mitted with an honest purpose. Then he says:
"The mischief would not end in deianging the Jned
Army basis, but would result in fundamentally changing
the militia oig<mizations m all the States of the (Tnio .
tliev have adopted the Army plan, and must always look to
it for its system of drill and instruction. Here would be in-
calculable mischief and confusion."
Incalculable mischief and confusion by chang-
ing the number of companies in a regiment!—a.
change that has been frequently made in our own
histoiy, and which, m its reference to the tactics,
is not found to bear any relation at all, the whole
being intended for a certain number of companies
