1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21-21
and every other portion. The citizens of Oregon
ore emphatically your people, and entitled to your
protection. Will not this committee take care of
them, as this hill proposes to take care of my
worthy friend Mr. Douglass? Will the commit-
tee say we will pay the claim of this rich man,
the property of whose subjects was defended by
our troops, whose cattle and herds were defended,
whose stores were protected, and not pay the cit-
izens of the Territory, who hazarded everything
for the public defense?
1 will now yield the remainder of my time to
my friend from Washington Tertitory, to give a
history of that portion of the war that passed
under his immediate observation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. If is not my
intention, Mr. Chairman, at this time, to occupy
more than ten minutes in discussing this bill. I
will state first, jn repaid to it, t'iat it proposes to
reimburse Governor Douglass, of Vancouver Isl-
and, for supplies furnished by the Hudson's Bay
Company, at V ictoria, their post on that Hand. I
am glad that such a bill has been biou^ht before
tins committee to pay for supplies furnished by
the people of a foreign jut isdietion to the suffering
inhabitants of Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries, because 1 can,and every gentle mnn here can,
refer to them as witnesses of the condition of our
country at that timi*. I am glad to refer to the
fact that Governor Douglass and myself aie per-
sonal friends. We have often confened m per-
sonal interviews and by letter, in relation to the
measures requisite to defend the sparse population
of that coast. And it is to me a heai tfelt pleas-
ure, on this floor, that I, as the Executive of one
of those Territories, have his emphatic testimony
that the course taken in that Territory was the
only course wlneh could have protected those
settlements, or which could have prevented their
depopulation. And I thank God that this bill
now before the committee gives me the opportu-
nity to refer to this pulgment, coming, as it does,
froiyi anentiiely disinterested source.
Mr. Chairman, I will not trouble the committee
by going back to the old troubles, and uials,cind
conflicts of judgment that have taken place in re-
gard to this war. It is suflieu nt for m<* that I
stand here on the rock of truth, and I defy any
man to gainsay my statements. I go not now to
the reports which speak of outrages of whites
upon the Indians, which speak of that war hav-
ing been forced upon us by the had conduct of our
people, and which accuse us of getting up that
war for the purpose of speculation. When I went
to that country m 1853, Mr. Chairman, and trav-
eled across the plains, I visited, on my way to
Puget sound, nearly eveiy Indian tribe, from the
mouth of the Yellow Stone to the Pacific ocean.
When I saw the relations existing between the
white man and the Indians T was astonished.
I was astonished, for I was not a frontiei sman.
I had, up to that time, seen nothing of Indians,
and but little of our frontier population. Still I
had § prejudice that there was much of wrong in
the relations between the two people; but 1 found
that their relations were those of kindness and of
good offices. And here, in proof of that, I will
mention one fact. It is known to gentlemen that
I was the Indian superintendent, as well as the
Executive of Washington Territory. I had fre-
quent complaints made by Indians that white men
would not pay their debts; and the invariable
course I pursued was simply to address a note to
the settler, requesting hun to settle the account,
and it was done m every case brought to my no-
tice, except in the case of a single person, who
went off between two days, and who is not now
in our Territory. We have got rid of him; and
his acts, therefore, should not mure to the ill of
the Territories of Washington or Oregon.
Mr. Chairman, the horioiable gentleman from
Oregon, whom I am proud to refer to here as my
friend, has told you the simple facts m regard to
the origin of that war. I was not m the settle-
ments at the time, but was upon the head waters
of the Missouri. The war came upon the people
of the Territories like a thunderbolt. In our Ter-
ritory, there were not at that time two hundred
private arms; and we were only able to obtain
arms for three or four hundred men by borrow-
ing them from the Decatur, and from the arsenal
at Vancouver. I refer to tins fact as conclusive
proof, showing how utteily unprepared the peo-
ple weie for these Indian outbreaks.
I do not intend, sir, to go into any detailed ac-
count of this Indian war; but I propose to mention
one or two striking and significant facts. The
honorable gentleman from Oregon has referred to
me as a witness in relation to the arduous services
of the volunteers of Oregon in the interior. When
I heard of the breaking out of the war, I went over
to the settlements from the head waters of the
Missouri as fast as broken down animals, and the
difficulties of the road, would enable me to make
my way. Coming through, it became my duty,
m regard to the Indian tribes that had not broken
into war, to meet, them, and as their father, being
superintendent of*Indian affairs, to endeavor to
persuade them to continue peaceful. I met tribes
numbering some seven thousand souls, and having
nearly two thousand waniors, and those tribes
maintained their fidelity throughout the war.
From them I learned many of the causes of hos-
tility, and of the unmitigated hostility of many
of the 1 ndian chiefs. When I met the Oregon vol-
unteers on the field of the Walla-Walla, you may
be sure that there was a most cordial and hearty
welcome between us. Sir, to those volunteers,
under Heaven, I probably owe my life; for I had
but a party of twenty-five men with me, and I
had made up my mind to attempt to make my
way to the settlements. It was the action of these
Oregon volunteers in protecting the settlements
that opened the way for me.
What might have been inyfatein fighting seven
hundied Indians with a band of twenty-live men,
increased to fifty as I got near where the hostile
Indians wwe, I do not know. But I conceived that
it was my duty to get to my post and do my best
for the suffering people of whom 1 was the Exec-
utive. Sir, 1 learned nothing of these volunteers
till { was making a  rangements to fi«>ht the hostile
Indians. The volunteers met the Indians, de-
feated them m a signal battle that lasted tour days,
and drove the m across the Snake nver, thus open-
ing the way for my party. I was with them for
ten days. They consisted'of the very /lower of
the population of Otegon, men of family, men of
substance, who had taken arms m their hands in
older to protect the people of the two Terntones;
and theie they were on the cold ground, without
tents, living on horse-flesh, and without proper
clothing, the thermometer rnngmg as low as 270
below zero, and never, for five days, fretting above
zero. That is what the volunteers of Otegon did,
and I am thankful that I can say this for them as
a witness in this high presence.
There are one or two other points to which I
wish to allude briefly. During the whole of that
war in the Territory of Washington nota friendly
Indian, or an Indian prisoner, was evet maltreated
in the camp of the volunteers of Washington. I
say tins in the presence of all men; and if any
one will rife and gainsay it, I shall ask for the
proof. For six months the people of Washing-
ton had to live in block-houses; and yet, so obe-
dient were the people to law, so proud of their
country, doing such high homage to its spirit of
humanity and justice, that during ail that time the
life of the Indian was sacred m the camp of the
volunteers. Why, sir, theie were nearly five thou-
sand disaffected Indians, during all this time, on tiie
reservation lying along the waters of the sound,
and not a man ever went there to do them harm.
I rejoice m being able to give this testimony here
! in the presence of my countrymen, in regard to
the conduct of the people of Washington. Do
you wonder, sir, that it has caused to grow up in
my heart the deepest and most devoted attach-
j ment to that people who have held me up in their
I sustaining arms in my efforts to advance the pub-
' he service, and who have, by their conduct, illus-
trated its dignity and humanity, and thus given
a lesson to the country and to the world ?
Mr. Chairman, I have said nil that I desire to
say at this time. I trust that the same measure
of justice which the committee propose to deal
out to Governor Douglass will be dealt out to the
people of the Territories of Washington and Ore-
gon. The debt m all the cases rests upon the same
foundation. Our people furnished supplies and
animals and shipping, and reudeied their own
services on the faith of the Government. Every
obligation is made payable when an appropriation
is made by Congress.
Ii is germane to my purpose to give one or two
facts in reply to the gtave charts which have
been made against our people of furnishing sup-
plies at exorbitant prices. .Now, sir, I have a
friend living near Olympia who .sold a horse, to
be used for the volunteer seivice. When asked
the price of his horse, he replied, that his horse
was worth sixty dollars cash'; " but, "said he, " to
be used for the defense of our people, you shall
have the horse for forty-five dollars scrip." And
the horse was purchased for forty-five dollars.
And generally, for a considerable period on the
sound, horses were furnished the territorial au-
thorities, for scrip, twenty-five dollars cheaper
than they were sold to the garrison at FortSteii-
acoom for cash. At the close of tins service these
animals were sold at public sale, and brought from
ten to fifty per cent, above the original cost. [
recollectan instance of a mulecaptured,and which
was rode by Captain Henniss at the battle of
Grand Hondo. Captain Henniss rode the mule
home to Olympia, a distance of nearly five hun-
dred miles. He was desirous of owning the mule,
and so he bid for it when it was put up at auction.
But the animal was struck off at four hundred and
seventy-five dollars to another man, and placed to
the credit of the Government. Captain Henniss
had been a captain of a company of volunteers for
the whole war, a peuod of some ten months, and
was not able to bid in his own riding mule.
And now, sir, in reference to property captured
fiom the Indians; it was never taken and kept by
private individuals. Stringent orders were given
that all property taken from the Indians should
be accounted for as public property, and the or-
ders were strictly carried out; certainly in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, and, I believe, in Oregon.
Mr. Chit 11 man, you can, fi om facts of this kind,
leaui something of the character of the transac-
tions of our people in this war. It was, most em-
phatically, a war for our protection, and for the
existence of our settlements. And I am thank-
ful that it is a war which has left so little sting
behind between the Indians and the white settlers
of the country. They have nearly assumed their
old relations. It was not a work of supererroga-
tion. It was a work of toil and watchfulness, and
of constant exertion to bring about the old rela-
tions between the whites and Indians, so that all
animosity might die out, and a spirit of kindness
and confidence prevail.
Mr. BRANCH. The committee have passed
now some fifteen bills, and while I am willing that
the remaining bills may be disposed of, if it can
be done without debate, unless the question can
bo taken without further remark, I shall submit
the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to make one or
two remarks before this bill is disposed of. The
justice of this claim has not been controverted, nor
has the propriety of its prompt payment been
questioned by any gentleman who has so far ad-
dressed the committee. But the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] threw out a remark which
certainly ought to bo noticed by some member of
the Committee on Military Affairs. He would seem
to place us in the position of having singled out a
claim due to a British subject and to a man of
wealth, while we are represented as forgetful of
the demands of the humblei volunteers of Otegon
and Washington. This remark does great injus-
tice to the committee.
Now, sir, in reference to the claims of the vol-
unteers of Oregon and Washington: they are,
it is true, at this time before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and no report has yet been made
on the subject. They involve a very large amount
(in the aggregate some six million dollars,) for
a service in which it appears that of something
upwards of six thousand on the rolls, not more
than three thousand five hundred were ever at
any period in actual service—none of them in
service a year, and many of them not more than
a few months.
While we have had every disposition to do the
fullest justice to these claimants, it was deemed
proper by the Committee on Military Alfairs that
there should be a properinvestigaiion into all the
principles upon which the accounts were allowed
by the board; and we have taken the necessary
steps for securing to the subject that examination
wlneh its importance demands. That investigation
has not yet been completed; and oven if K had
been finished, we might not, have d-emed it proper
to press it upon the attention of the House in the
two days which have been specially set apart for
the transaction of mere tciTHoriul business.
