12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
or ten weeks. The expense would be very slight
indeed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is a depart-
ure from the general rule, and I do not wish it.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the House to vote down
the call for the previous question till the amend-
ment I have suggested be put in.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that twenty thousand
extra copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion would of neces-
sity go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BOYCE. No, not necessarily; not in
reference to the President's message.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to present an amend-
ment, providing that the message and reports of
the Secretaries shall be printed, one copy for
each member of the House, so that we can have
them in two or three days.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the gentleman
from Massachusetts seems to have some interest
in it, I have no objection to his proposition. I
accept it.
Mr. Banks's proposition, as accepted by Mr.
Jones, was read as follows:
That the President's message and the reports of the Sec-
retaries of the Departments be printed together—one copy
for each member of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
Mr. Jones's motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that twenty thousand
extra copies of the President's message and ac-
companying documents be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state
of the finances, equally important with anyother
document we shall have,! understand is upon
the Speaker's table. It is not necessary that it
should be read, and I ask that it be ordered to bo
printed.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will present the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury upon the state
of the finances.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that it be
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE, it has been the practice
to order an extra number of the President's mes-
sage and accompanying documents to be printed.
There is no Committee, as yet, upon Printing.
1 desire to expedite this work, and by a resolu-
tion of the House it can go immediately to the
Public Printer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
the law requires that a motion to print an extra
number of any document shall go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. As soon as the committee
is organized it must be taken up by them.
Mr. FLORENCE. It has been the practice to
print the message and accompanying documents
without referring the matter to the committee.
The SPEAKER. An order to print the usual
number has already been made.
Mr. FLORENCE. But not for extra numbers.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move that twenty
thousand copies of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury upon the finances be printed for the
use of the House, and one thousand copies for
the use of the Secretary.
The motion was referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. SMITH, o<f Virginia. T suppose it is the
duty of that committee to report a resolution for
printing extra numbers.
The SPEAKER. The subject-matter is brought
to the attention of the committee by motions made
in the House, which motions will be referred to
the Committee 011 Printing as soon as organ-
ized.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose when
the report comes in it will be time to make objec-
tion m reference to printing extra numbers. I
desire to break up the habit of printing extrava-
gant numbers of public documents.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe it is the
law, and not the rule of this House, which re-
quires all motions to print extra numbers to go to
the Committee on Printing. When the committee
reports, the subject is open for discussion, and the
House can determine what they will have.
The SPEAKER then, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communica-
tions; which were severally laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
A communication from the Department of State,
showing the expenditure of the contingent fund of
that Department, and other contingent expenses;
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting an abstract of returns of registered American
seamen for the year ending September 30, 1857;
and
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a statement of the contingent
expenses of that Department.
THE PUBLIC PRINTER.
The SPEAKER. The message and accom-
panying documents being disposed of, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. ICEITT. I wish it understood that I yield
the floor to the gentleman from Kentucky upon
one condition—that he renews the call for the
previous question after he closes his remarks.
Otherwise 1 do not yield the floor. The gentle-
man from Kentucky wants this discussion to go
on; I do not want it to proceed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
want any question with the gentleman as to
whether I am upon the floor; nor do I understand
that it is competent for him to say whetherl have
the floor or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the ques-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
whether lie yielded the, floor? The Chair under-
stood that he did, and upon that understanding
recognized the gentleman from Kentucky. The
objection of the gentleman from South Carolina
comes too late, the gentleman from Kentucky
being upon the floor unconditionally.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I obtained
the floor for the purpose of making a point of
order, and, therefore, I shall not discuss the pro-
priety of electing a Public Printer at this time.
The only object I have in view is to bring the
House to a proper conclusion on the amendment.
My point of order is framed upon the proposition
contained in the eighth section of the law of 1852,
which reads as follows:
"There shall be elected a Public Printer for each House
of Congress to do the public pnntinjjfoi Congress for winch
ho or they may be chosen, and such printing for the Exec-
utive Departments and bureaus of the Government of the
United Slates as may be delivered to him or them, to be
piintod by the Superintendent of the Public Printing. The
following rates of compensation shall be paid," &c.
The modification of the original proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia, and which the gen-
tleman from Alabama appears to have accepted,
proposes that this House shall go into the elec-
tion of a Public Printer, and that he shall take an
office, created by law, with a condition put upon
it by the House—all of which is clearly illegal
and improper; and, although it might sound one
way to the country, it will mean a different thing
under the construction which will be put upon it
by the courts. In other words, if the Chair shall
rule it in order, and the House adopt the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Virginia, as mod-
ified, it will be 110 more nor less than going into
the election of a Public Printer now; and I sug-
gest to the party having the power of the House,
that the resolution will read more gracefully and
more properly, if they will say that they intend
to elect a Public Printer, and that he shall have
what by law belongs to him.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My desire is to get
before the House the proposition as I designed to
modj/y it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is my proposition.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I modify my own
proposition. I propose to retain my proposition
as it originally stood.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Virginia withdrew his prop-
osition after I modified mine; and the previous
question having boon called, he has no right to
renew it now.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I only agreed to
withdraw one branch of it; and the previous ques-
tion has not been sustained, nor is it pending. I
ask, in all justice, to be allowed to modify my
own proposition. I believe members have that
right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, upon inquiring
of the Clerk, is informed that the gentleman from
Virginia was not understood to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly not.
Upon reflection, I conclude to modify my first
proposition. That is done every day. I hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I contend that I
have the right to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
whether the gentleman did withdraw his propo-
sition or not? If he did, of course there can be
no modification. If he did not, he can modify his
proposition.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not withdraw
my proposition, sir. I only agreed to a partial
modification of one of the resolutions which I
offered, and it was accepted by the gentleman
from Alabama. I propose now to modify my
resolution. My main resolution—the first one-
is still before the House. I never gave it up at
all, nor did I undertake to do it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I must claim the floor now;
but if, at the conclusion of my remarks, my col-
league appeals to me to yield him the floor, I will
do so. I want to go on now and say what I
have to say.
And, in the first place, in relation to the posi-
tion taken by thegcntlcman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] I wish to say that it is a question of
legal construction, and nota point of order. I do
not contend for a single moment, Mr. Speaker,
that a resolution of this House can repeal a law;
but the fact that a resolution of this House cannet
repeal a law of the land does not deprive us of the
parliamentary power to pass the resolution. I
say, then, it is not a question of order, but it is a
question of construction.
Having thus disposed of that matter, I wish to
state furthermore, that in relation to many of the
positions taken by my colleague [Mr.Smith] in the
remarks which he made this morning, and in the
objects to the accomplishment of which his reso-
lutions look, I entirely and cordially sympathize.
But I must confess that I have my doubts if the
extraordinary amounts are paid for the public
printing which my colleague says. I have my
doubts whether my colleague could find a man
willing, as soon as the election of a Printer is
made, to pay §250,000 for the contract for print-
ing. He may think so; he may have been told
so; but when the money came to be raised he
would find that he was mistaken.
But what I wish to say m relation to this matter
is, that I do not understand the Jaw to which my
colleague has referred, and to which the gentle-
man from Kentucky has referred, as depriving
this House of the power, at any time it chooses,
of altering, mod ifying, and reducing the rates paid
to,the Public Printer. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
attention of gentlemen to the language of the law.
The law provides that a Public Printer shall be
elected for the Congress, but it does not say that
the rates of pay for the Congress shall be so and
so. The law provides that a Public Printer shall
be elected for the Congress, but it declares in gen-
eral terms that the prices of printing shall be so
and so, all the time leaving it at the power of
Congress. Suppose, sir, an office is created which
is to be held for life, and the rates of pay of that
office are fixed at a certain amount: does that, I
ask you, preclude the legislative authorities of the
country fore ver from reducing those rates of pay ?
Not at all, sir; not at all. We, Mr. Speaker, are
clected to the Congress of the United States for
two years. We come here at a certain rate of
pay . By our own action during the last Congress
we increased that rate of pay. I submit it to my
colleague, and to gentlemen upon this floor, if we
had a right to increase our regular pay, had not
we a right also to reduce that pay ? The law says,
in general terms, that the rates of pay shall be so
and so, and such and such, but it does not say
how long they shall be so; it does not say that
they shall remain the rates of pay during the
Congress, or even during a session. The law
