po
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senj
ate.
constituting a battalion; and it merely so happen-
ing that, when the tactics were prepared, ten'com-
panies did constitute a regiment; and, therefore,
in assigning the captains to their posts in line,
they are assigned numerically on the basis of ten
companies to a regiment.
1 wish is, to be understood, sir, that it is because
the Senator from New Hampshire has introduced
this subject in the Senate, that 1 have departed
from.what is the course I have heretofore pur-
sued, and strtp to notice newspaper criticism on
the action of the committee, or of the Senate, or
of myself. In times past I have defied such crit-
icism, and I expect to do it in the future. I rely
upon the intelligence of the people to discriminate
between the scribbler who arraigns a public man
for the manner in which he performs his duty,
and the justice that truth requires, as it is to be.
elaborated by their own intelligent minds.
* I pointed out, in my remarks yesterday, the
distinction between a State and a Territory in re-
lation to the power of this Government to use its
military force. This brings me to a brief notice
of a remark in the President's message which re-
fers to the withdrawal of the troops in Kansas in
case Kansas should be admitted as a State. The
President sees, 110 doubt, that troops are required
elsewhere; and I agree with him, that if Kansas
becomes a State, she ought then to provide for
the execution of her own laws; and that if she
requires extraneous aid, it ought to be sought
only in the manner provided in "the law3 made" in
conformity wirh the Constitution. I agree with
the President, that troops ought not ttfbe quar-
tered in the State of Kansas, or any other Stale,
with a view to preserve civil order, and that the
troops will be disposable when Km sas shall be
admitted as a State. Whether peace will follow,
1 do not know. That depends on whether the
people of Kansas are now fit to be a State. If
they .a re fit to form and maintain a Slate and take
their place as equals in this Union, then they do
not require troops to be quartered in their midst 111
order to preserve civil order. That is a question
which belongs to the future. In tlie mean tinw;, I
take it for granted that the President will with-
draw the two thousand men heretofore kept, under
the requisition of Governor Walker, to preserve
peace in Kansas, and to suppress insurrection in
the event of her admission into the Union.
That, then, renders two thousand men dispos-
able tor other service; but I submit to the Senate
whether it will justify, us in keeping our troops
down to the present establishment. The long lines
to be occupied, the numerous posts required, in
addition to those wo now have, demand an addi-
tional force. The committee have adopted a plan
which gives us an increase of the iniegial parts of
the Army. It was believed to be tlie most eco-
nomical which could be adopted for that purpose,
avoiding the very high expense that belongs to the
higher grades of otlicers in ihe regimental organ-
ization, preserving the piesent efficiency, and
opening in the future (when that future shall come
and which I do not pretend to toresee) a convenient
mode of reducing the Army by striking one bat-
talion off each regiment; and if then, the President
possess the power, on a declaration of a war, to
restore this third battalion, it will render cacli regi-
. nient one, third larger on the war tlmn-on the peace
establishment, ami they will go into the service
v.'iih that effii lency and reliability which beloii"
to discipline and instiaction. 0
Outing the time 1 was particulatly charged
with the administration of the War Department,
troops were kept in Kansas when I desired to
get them out, not that I did not believe occasions
were occurring where they might be useful—and
they proved more useful than I believed they
would be—but on account of the difficulties which
then existed on our frontier. Till1 campaign wh ich
had been projected against the Cheyennes was |
ptralyzed by the keeping of troops in Kansas.
Those troops were wanted on the frontier to pre-
sei ve peace; they were wanted on the frontier to
punish Indians who had committed acts of hos-
tility; but they were detained in Kansas from day
to day, fiom month to month, and year to year.
We looked to the time when peace in Kansas
would leheve the Government of the necessity of
keeping them there. Time rolled on, and the ne-
cessity still continued. When those necessities
are to cease, I am notable to foretell.
In the mean time you are aware that a small
army has been thrown forward to preserve order
and maintain the laws in the Territory of Utah.
I ul-.all not follow'Senators in a discussion of the
propriety of making that expedition against Utah.
I believe, and I will say so much now, that the
elements of disintegration were in the community
of Mormons established in Utah; I believe that
physical causes and moral causes were conjointly
working together to break up that peo. le. I be-
lieved, then,and I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion now, that if we had stood still they \vould
have separated; that it required the compressive
force of active movements against them to bring
them into submission to their great leaders, to
bring- in the colonies that had been thrown off
from the mother settlement at Salt Lake, back to
the grand church, and toijpite them under a bond
of fanaticism that now makes them effective
against any military force that you can probably
send there.
But these are questions which belong to the past,
and speculation upon which cannotguide our con-
duct at the future. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has thrown forward its troops on the
trail of the Salt Lake. They are in the mountains
now, a small body of men; perhaps sufficient, if
they bad started in time to have gone through to
Salt Lake, to discharge their duty; hut, checked
in the mountains, itis pro liable that before spring
arrives, their animals will have been soiedueed,
so many will have been lost, that they will be
without theabihty to move. Ifthe commander of
thatexpediiion,Colonel Johnston, has the trans-
portation which will enable him to move, he will
subdue resistance with the force he has. 1 speak
it with a confidence which grows out of a long ac-
quaintance, both in the garrison and in the field;
but my apprehension is that he will not have the
power to move, for the want of transportation; that
he niusi stand where he is until he is reinforced.
Now let us see what is necessai y to reinforce
him. The column with which he moved, was no
larger than was necessary for its own security and
the security of its supplies. Then the column that
goes to reinforce him, if it were only with pro-
visions and animals of draught, must be as large
as the original column, and it must be larger stiTl,
because the train will be increased; and thus you
will go 011 from year to year with every additional
train of supplies you send out; sending a detach-
ment ot.troops at least equal to, I believe it must
be larger than, the original column which went
forth under the command of Colonel Johnston.
Year by year, then, as you delay, you will con-
tinue to increase the expenditure and increase the
column that you are annually to send out. A col-
umn may come back, but the expense will not be
the less tor that reason. Your expenditure is to
grow annually until this matter is terminated in
one way or the other. If it is to be terminated by
bringing the Mormons to submission to the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates by force, clearly,
then, wisdom, both in relation to treasure and the
honor of the country, requires thatanelficientforce
should be thrown forward at once, and that the
act should be accomplished in the first months of
the ensuing summer.
On the other hand, it may be that they will make
no armed resistance; that they will fly to the
mountains, hang in the gorges to harass trains
and cut off emigrants. We then stand but in the
same category. This army of occupation still is
to be maintained; it 13 still to be supplied—sup-
plied by a column capable of covering its lengthy
tram over the long march it must make through
that arid, desert country, and thus annually you
incur the same expense, if the object be merely
to hold possession; whilst the rebels of the set-
tlemcnt at Salt Lake are scattered through the
mountain passes, and lying in wait to capture the
emigrant trains or the trams of Government sup-
plies. 1
What other means may be in the power of the
Administration to adopt to terminate this diffi-
culty, is not within my knowledge. It may be
that these people would be willing to withdraw
from the controversy with the United States, and
not being willing, on account of their religious
j oaths, to submit to the laws, and to surrendertheir
hierarchical government, yet might be willing to
leave the limits of the United States, and go to
some remote region, if they had the mcansso to
migrate;for I hold all speculation founded on the
supposition that they are to goaway in the spring
to parts unknown, must prove entirely deceptive.
, No community ever had the transportation that
! would carry the'whole body-politic to some re-
' mote country,and bear with them supplies to sus-
tain them until other supplies could be grown in
the country to which they had gone. They have
no people waiting with open arms to receive them.
Whereverthey go, they are probably to meet with
the hostility of the Government into whose country
they enter. Unless they seek some island in the
Pacific, I know of no place they can go where the
Government will open its gates to receive them.
Then they go not to find shelter, not to receive
supplies; but they go bearing with them the sup-
plies that are to support them, not merely during
the march, but for at least six months after they
have arrived at ihe place of destination. Is itnot,
then, apparent that they cannot go without the aid
of the United States ? If they wish to go, I would
not only acknowledge in them the right of expa-
triation, if, indeed, they bo citizens of the United
States, but I would willingly give as much money,
and more, too, than the campaign would cost, thus
to get rid of them. I would much rather pay
money to let them go peaceably than pay money
to drive them away by shedding the blood of
American inhabitants 011 American soil by Amer-
ican arms. Deluded fanatics—criminals they may
be—I want not their blood shed by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Passing to the next supposition, if they shall
retire, a force will be required to keep in check the
Indians who surround them, already stimulated
to hostility, holding a mountain reg'ion which can
never be possessed by an agricultural people; in-
deed it required such associated labor as fanati-
cism only could command ever to enable the Mor-
mons to support themselves in the valley of Salt
Lake. Through that country our emigrant routes
require constant military protection; and if the
Mormons were out of the United States, still a
force must be kept along those routes, or moving
at stated periods across the continent to give pro-
tection to our emigrants traveling from the valley
of the Mississippi to the slopes of the Pacific.
I do not see how we are to look forward, from
any possible conclusion of this Mormon difficulty,
to a reduction of the Army, and it was because
of these and other things, with which I will not
weary the Senate, (for I have already occupied
too much of their time,) that I stated, in a very
early period of this debate, that I did not propose
a temporary increase, and that I could not anti-
cipate the day when the reduction would come.
This was the honest avowal of opinions which
resulted from a somewhat careful examination of
the subject.
During the last year I was in the War Office,
an examination of the condition of that country
and of the emigrant routes, and of the probable
future, induced me to project a campaign which
was to have started last spring, and to have gone
across by the Salt Lake and through the Klamath
valley, which was known to be filled with hostile
Indians, to the slopes of the Pacific in the Terri-
tory of Oregon. That campaign was brokenup;
and the only reason I have ever known was, that
it was thought to be too late for it to start. Pro-
visions had been thrown forward as far as Fort
Laramie, and every disposition had been made to
render the campaign certain of success. When-
ever they start, they will have to start later than
the period when the order for that campaign was
countermanded.
Among the amendments to the bill which have
been suggested, one is to reduce the establishment
at the termination of this campaign. I will offer
110 objection to that, because that is merely refer-
ring the question to the wisdom of the future. I
have not, in any remarks that I have made, in-
tended to offer any objection to a proposed reduc-
tion further than this: I deemed it due to myself
to declare that I could not say that I believed, at
that time, we could agree to a reduction. If the
Senate decide it now, I have no objection to the
