1858.]'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
provision being made now; no more than post-
poning it to that time. Whenever the time comes
that the Army can be reduced,-1 shall be as ready-
to vote for its reduction in any form which may
be practicable, with our theory of a skeleton peace
establishment, as any one. I have no particular
objection to the amendment which the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] has proposed; though 1
will say to him, in relation to the additional sur-
geons, that that does not depend on the size of the
Army; it depends on t\\e number of posts. The
number of surgeons that may be required will de-
pend on the manner in which the Army is dis-
tributed and administered.
When the four regiments were asked by the
last Administration, noinciease of the medical
staff was asked, because the policy of that Ad-
ministration was to concentrate the troops into
larger bodies, relying for the control of the In-
dians more on campaigns than posts, and thus to
diminish the number of medical officers who would
be required, which does not depend on the num-
ber of troops, but on the number of parts into
which you divide your Army. We now have some
forty-two private physicians employed. They
are generally employed at remote points, without
any possibility of knowing whether they ai e com-
petent or not; and the soldier, prostrated by dis-
ease ata point where he cannot possibly get a phy-
sician on private account, is turned over to some-
body whom the Department cannot know. That
is the present condition. We ask or an increase
of fifteen assistant-surgeons, which is only a part
of the whole number of private physicians now
employed; but by employing those private phy-
sicians at recruiting stations and at posts near to
cities, it will be possible to avoid the evil which
is felt when the necessity occurs of employing a
private physician on the Army frontier, h will
be economy. You get not only persons of whose
competency you have the power to judge, but you
get them at a much lower rate than it is possible
to hire private physicians.
Looking hopefully forward to the end of all pres-
ent difficulties, Senators have proposed to fix a
time and manner of reducing our military estab-
lishment. There are many practicable methods
of reduction. 1 have mentioned one this morning
—cutting off a certain number of companies from
each legiment, and leaving the regimental organi-
zation entire, so as to give the readiest increase
in time of war. Reduce the numberof companies
to eight, which gives you the. battalion; our pi es-
entsystem being, in a regiment of ten, to call eight
• battalion companies, and two flank companies;
sometimes the two are called hght companies;
sometimes the two are calied one hght company
and one grenadier company; but the ninth and
tenth companies are flank companies; they are
not companies of the battalion at all. Oui organ-
ization is the battalion.
But we have been told that there is not the
power to reduce the Army; and why not? Tlie
Senator from Texas says it is on account of the
graduates of the Military Academy, and thdt it
is necessary even to increase the Army to make
places for them. That is a question of figures.
The number of graduates did not equal the num-
ber of casualties that occuned last year; a number
of appointments were made from civil life and one
from the ranks of iheAnny. There wcie vacan-
cies which occuned in the Army after absorbing
the brevets which had been attached to the Army
during the previous year, showing that the class
of the previous year did not equal the casualties
of the year. But have we not power to reduce
the Army,and have the youuggentlemen educated
in the Military Academy such political puissance
that the Senate dare not brave them ? The officers
of the Army, the class m the community that have
no vote, thrown out on the frontier so far that if
they were to speak their voice would not be heaid,
how are they to confrol the action of the Senate?
It, is a reflection on the Senate, more degrading to
it as a body than the depreciatory terms which
the Sena'or applied to the Anny. I belie\e we
can, and { believe we will, when we find the in-
terest of t he country justifies it, cut down this or
any other part of ourgovci omental establishment;
and 1 oniy wish that the same scrutiny could be
applied to other portions of the expenditures of
the Government of the United States.
In this connection I believe I did not allude to
one point, which I will not at this time press, for I
have already consumed too much time. The fact
that no small part of the expenditures incurred
in connection with our Indian troubles results
from the administration of the Indians being under
one Department, and the military affairs under
another. The InteriorDepartmentand the Army
are thus brought intoconflict on the frontier. The
Government pays both the contestants. The
Government, through the Interior Department,
sends arms and ammunition to the very Indian
tribe whom the next month the War Department
may send troops to subdue. Thus discontent and
distrust arise between the two branches of the
public set vice. The Interior Department sends
presents to the Indians, and those Indians receive
the presents after they have committed a foray on
a settlement, and been chased for hundreds of
miles by the troops; and thus they find their Great
Father sending them these tokens of peace and
good will, notwithstanding their misdeeds. It re-
sults from the organization, and. it will continue
until the control of the Indians is transferred back
to the War Department. Then you bring the whole
in connection; then a changefiom the peaceful to
the hostile relation does not change the Depart-
ment with which the Indians bear their connection.
Then they will understand, after they have been
subdued by force, that they are treating with the
same power that subdued them, and their very
narrow comprehension will then see that tbeGov-
ernment of the CJnitcd States is one, whereas now
it presents itself to their view as divided.
A few remarks now upon the general subject
will, I believe, enable me to relieve the Senate.
In'various phraseology, it has been charged that
the Army everywhere is the enemy of liberty, the
instrument of despotism. One Senator even ar-
raigned the Executive as wishing to use the Army
to subvert the liberty of the country. An old
man, who has attained the highest station his
country could confer, and that the highest station
in the world, rising to it through the beneficial
character of our institutions, which has enabled
an obscure boy to become the Chief Magistrate of
a great people, must now turn, according to this
idea of the Senator from New Hampshire, and
make war with the Army upon the liberty of the
country to which he owes whatever he is—identi-
fied with which has been the whole course of his
public life; assoented with which is his every
achievement; and the destruction of which would
only save him from oblivion by pteserving lnm
for ignominy. What object could he have? His
highest ambition, the Highest ambition which
earth offers, having been "attained, he must now
seek to crush the very steps by which he has
ascended ! Can it be so?
But, sit, suppose a Chief Magistrate to be so
wicked and so silly as this, how could he use the
Army for such purpose? Refugees, to some ex-
tent, from other countries, who have come here to
enjoy liberty, weary of the despotism of the land
in which they weie born, and natives of the Uni-
ted States, cradled by mothers who would, them-
selves, have met a despot if he had come to the
threshold of their houses, and with their own
feminine arms have repulsed tyranny from the
land of their birth—commanded by men who have
been selected in their boyhood from the various
conditions of the people and sections of our coun-
try, educated in the service of the Government,
accustomed to look up to it as not only a temple
beneath which they found shelter, but to uphold
which, in all its beauty and its strength, was the
great end and aim of all their earthly ambition—
trained to love, to respect, and to follow a flag
emblematic of that Union which makes us a con-
federation of sovereignties, following from year
to year, upon a poor pittance which barely sus-
tains life, a profession to which they have been
educated and to winch they are attached, looking
through it only to promotion and thfit reputation
which is to be gained by the peril of their life, if
an opportunity should offer, m the cause of their
country—educated gentlemen, drawn nom every
section of the Union, from every condition of life,
are suddenly, because they bear commissions and
have sworn to sustain the Constitution and to serve
their country against ail enemies whatsover, to be
converted into the mere instrument which a tyrant
may use for the overthrow of the country's lib-
erties. And yet further, sir, these men, such as
they are, segregated into little bodies of forty or
fifty, or two hundred at a place, thousands of
miles apart—he who was born in the South sta-
tioned in the North, and he who was born -in the
North stationed in the South, or he who was born
in the South stationed in the land of his birth, and
enjoying communion with the people who gave
to him his first impressions, and so of him of the
North—how are these men, in these little detached
handfuls, all over our wide-spread country, to
combine against the liberties of the Union ?
In tins connection, sir, I wish to read a single
remark of Mr. Calhoun, for this is not a new sub-
ject. I lead fiom a letter of his, addressed to the
House of Representatives, December 14, 1818, tp
be found at page 779 of the State Papers, Military
Affairs, volume 1:
" I have not overlooked the maxim that a large standing
army is dangerous to the liberty ot the countiy, and that our
ultimate reliance for defense duglit to be in the militia. Its
mo.n zealous advocate must, however, acknowledge that a
standing army, to a limited extent, is nfces-sarv ; and no
good reason can he assigned why any should exist but which
will equally prove that lie present is not too large. To con-
sider the present Army as dangerous to onrJiheity partakes,
it is conceived, more of timidity than wisdom."
He then goes on to speak of the condition and
character of the Army. We arc told, however,
and told truly, that republics have been over-
thrown by military organizations; but when did
such a Republic as ours exist? Is Rome to be
compared to this country? Rome is cited as an
example to point the future destinies of the United
States. Hers was an empire. When she had
the name of a republic she was yet but a consol-
idated empire, with dependent provinces won by
conquest, and governed by pro-consuls. Is this
to be assimilated to our great family of States,
each governing itself, each independent of all
others, but all connected together for thctfommon
welfare, the common glory, and the general good?
Then we are cited to cases in Europe, where
despotism is maintained by standing armies; but
suppose the despot had an American army to rely
upon, would they be faithless to their first im-
pressions, faithless to the free blood which funs
in their veins and which descends from the bold
barons of Runnymede? or would he not find
when he came to review the line of his army, on
every brow set the seal of inborn equality and in-
dependence, and would not some private in those
ranks thunder in the ear of the despot, like Pat-
rick Henry, the warning of the fate of Caesar and
of the fate of Charles ?
Is it to be inferred that a man who is a freeman
at his birth, who has all the spirit of republicanism
in his heart,* is to lose it by entering the military
pi ofession ? Is it true, as the Senator from Texas
has told us, that service in the Army stultifies
young men ? It cannot be. He is a bright ex-
ample of the reverse himself- It was his proud
fortune to i ise from the ranks by his own merit
to a commissioned officer, to serve in the Army,
and there to acquire many of those qualities, en-
dowments, and graces, which ^have adorned this
Chamber. He stands in himself a brilliant ex-
ample of how little the Army stultifies, and how
much it may exalt the youth contained in ita
ranks.
We have other and great examples. Did Wash-
ington become the fit instrument of a despotism ?
was he stultified because he entered the service of
the United States in his youth ? That great mind
which comprehended the whole condit.on of the
colonies; that heart which beat sympathetically
for every portion of his common country, feeling
equally for Massachusetts and South Carolina,
for New Yotk and Virginia; that great arm which
smoothed the thorny path of revolution, and led
the colonies from rational liberty up to national
independence,and laid thefoundation of that pros-
perity and greatness wliich have made us a people,
not only an example for the whole work!, but a
protection to liberal principles wherever liberty
asserts a right—was he stultified by service m the
Army? Jackson too, the indomitable Jackson,
who when a boy and a captive spurned the insult
of a despot, and for asserting ins personal dignity
received a wound, the scar of winch he carried to
his grave—was he by service in the Army when
yet a minor, by brilliant exploits in middle age.
