1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
constitution is not here in accordance with law.
AI' the steps leading to its formation were regular
and lawful. I regard that point as settled.
The next consideration is, is this constitution
republican in us foirn? I ha\e read it carefully,
and I can see nothing to foreo upon me the con-
clusion that it is not republican in its form and
character. Then, sir, being under no obligation
whatever to put a construction upon the Cincin-
nati platform or the Kansas-Nebraska bill as be-
tween the Administration and the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, I shall vote to admit Kan-
sas into the Union under the Lecompton consti-
tution. In doing so, I believe before God, that,
as an impartial and independent Senator, I am act-
ing in accordance with the requirements of duty,
and which I consider every honorable gentleman
placed in similar circumstances would be com-
pelled to adopt. There may be party obligations
upon some gentlemen influencing them to take a
different view of this question from myself; but
I have no embarrassment of that sort. If the
Administration comes upon the same great high-
way of right that I am following to maintain and
to preserve the guarantees of the Constitution, it
is no reason for me to turn from it, and to be fac-
tious in my opposition to the Administration. I
must vote on the one side or the other. I cannot
upon national questions vote with the party upon
the other side of the Chamber. I cannot vote
with them bccause they are sectional, and not
national; becausc I am the representative of a
Union State, one not allying itself to sectional
questions or sectional issues in any manner; and
because every principle advocated by that party,
in my humble judgment, is against the preserva-
tion of the Union,and in direct conflict with the
guarantees and the requirements of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I am aware, sir, that
I may bring down upon me the accumulated
wrath and denunciation of that whole phalanx;
hut I have a duty to discharge, and I will dis-
charge it in the utterance of this sentiment, fear-
lessly and regardless of all consequences.
Sir, it has been announced by the distinguished
Senator from New York, that the slavery ques-
tion is settled. I believe it is settled, because
the agitation of that question was only originally
raised for the purpose of creating sectional strife,
and uniting and banding together twenty millions
of white people in the North against the ten or
twelve millions to be found in the southern States,
for nothing more nor less than to obtain the bal-
ance of power in this country. The question is
settled upon the principle the gentleman himself
has stated; and, on this floor there will, in the
course of a very short time, be a majority of eight
Senators from the non-slavcholding States. It
was, in its incipiency, a question merely of sec-
tional agitation, and not one of national politics;
and I do not believe that the question of politics
has anything to do with it, further than to wrest
from the hands of those who have hcietofore held
it, the control of the Government, in order that
they may exercise it in their own way and for
their own purposes.
Mr. President, this agitation of slavery, upon
which so much has been said; this harp of a thou-
sand strings, which has vibrated from one ex-
treme of the country to the other, has no prac-
tical political bearing on the institution of slavery
in the South to-day. It is a matter of political
economy simply; and if gentlemen will turn to
the tables with which your Departments are filled,
they will find that, with your three million two
hundred thousand slaves, taking the very strongest
view you can possibly admit, you cannot get more
than half that number—some one million six hun-
dred thousand slaves—as laborers and producers
in this country. Gentlemen of the South talk to
me with much excitement as to whether Kansas
shall be a free State; but permit me to say that 1
regard it as useless agitation. Slavery will be
controlled by the immutable laws of political econ-
omy alone. If this body should declare to-day
that no more immigrants should go into the Ter-
ritories north of 35° without slaves, I do not believe
that you could retain it there five years.
My reasons for making this broad statement
are based upon the demand for slave labor in the
southern fields in the production of those staples
w hich form three fifths of the whole exports of the
United States. It is shown by the book before
nv>--nnr of the best compiled authorities I have
yet found—Andrews's colonial report,published
by order of thu Senate in 1852, that the production
of the cotton crop is some five or six hundred
thousand bales short of the absolute requirement.
Of the three million two hundred thousand slaves
which we have in the whole United States, there
are only two millions two hundred and twenty-four
thousand in the cotton-growing States. I deduct
from tins number two for every slaveholder for
domestic purpose. There being two hundred
and twenty-seven thousand slaveholders in those
States, there would be overfour hundred thousand
slaves abstracted by household duties from the
production of cotton and other southern products.
I find that in the production of sugar, seventy-nine
thousand nine hundred and eighty-four are em-
ployed; in the rice crop, sixty-six thousand six
hundred and fifty-three; and the urban slaves in
the towns are upwards of three hundred thousand.
Then you have in the nine cotton-growing States
only one million three hundred thousand slaves
adapted to field labor. When you subtract still
further, in accordance with the census, all the
slaves below ten and over sixty years of age, you
have, in fact, but eight hundred thousand to pro-
duce the cotton of the whole United States.
Now, I ask gentlemen here who arc engaged in
the cultivation of this crop, if four bales of cotton
to the hand is not an excessive average in the
production of the southern States? According to
the census, the average production is three and
one fifth bales; but I will say four bales. I judge
from the census tables, and from the document to
which I have already alluded, that this is a reason-
able estimate; though perhaps it may be too large.
This gives three million two hundred thousand
bales of cotton as the maximum crop that you
can cultivate with the slave labor that you have
now in the southern States. My friend from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown J told me the other day that
there were perhaps one hundred thousand other
hands, white laborers, in Texas and other States,
small holders who arc engaged also in the produc-
tion of cotton. That wid account for the cxcess
of production over three million two hundred
thousand bales, which would be the production
at four bales to the hand of the present slave
labor.
The crop of cotton last year fell short some five
or six hundred thousand bales of the absolute and
imperative demand. What was the consequence?
It rose to eighteen and nineteen cents a pound;
and but for the financial crisis that overtook this
country, breaking up all the avenues of trade and
of commerce, we should have this day bee<n com-
pelled to pay twenty or twenty-one cents apound
for cotton. Last year the exports of cotton, ac-
cording to Mr. Guthrie's report, amounted to
$130,000,000; the year before to $88,000,000.
In 1852, according to Mr. Andrews's report,
the total consumption of raw cotton in the United
States amounted to $46,340,000; and in this thelate
Secretary of the Treasury fully and entirely ac-
cords. Thatadded to the $130,000,000 of exports,
makes the cotton crop of this country in 1855. when
these tables were made, $ 180,000,000; and allow-
ing for the increased production, the crop of that
staple now is worth not less than $220,000,000—all
or the greater part of which you must grow with
slave labor, for the simple reason that the greater
part of the lands adapted to the cultivation of cot-
ton arc in an insalubrious climate. They are ex-
clusively adapted to slave or black labor; so situ-
ated that the white immigration to this country
will not and could not readily mix with it.
Without depopulating the whole of the fivo non-
cotton-growing States of the South, the produc-
tion of cotton in this country is limited for the
want of labor. According to the returns to which
I have alluded, and to Mr. Guthrie's report of
1855-56, six hundred and fifty thousand bales of
cotton were that year consumed at home, while
our exports amounted to two million nine hun-
dred thousand bales. I do not mean to say that
the six hundred and fifty thousand bales added
to the two million nine hundred thousand bales
was the production of that year; for there was
an accumulation of a portion of the crop of the
year before, which had been held back by low-
water and from other causes, and which had been
prevented from getting to market. Hence it was,
that last year we found cotton rising to eighteen,
nineteen, and twenty cents apound without a cor-
responding rise in the price of the manufactured
article; and we found half of the manufacturers
of this land suspending and turning off their la-
borers bccause they could not afford to buy it.
What was the picture presented last year in
Manchester? Meetings of the people were held
to form Cotton Leagues to grow cotton elsewhere.
I might read, for the edification of the Senate, if
they had not turned their attention to it before,
statements showing that, up to 1852, ail the cotton
that was produced in the world was 1,809,800,000
pounds, of which the United States produced
1,350,000,000—seven tenths almost of the whole
production of the world, notwithstanding all the
fostering care that the English and Trench Gov-
ernments have given to the cultivation of cotton,
in order to render themselves independent of us
and of the productions of slave labor. The time
was when the English Government, in endeavor-
ing to crush out a rising and successful competi-
tor, was willing to make large sacrifices, in order
to have the monopoly; but that day is passed.
With ev«ry exertion she has made—with all the
fostering care she has given to the cultivation of
cotton in every part of the world—in Egypt, the
East Indies, the West Indies, Demarara, Per-
nambuco, Brazil, China, and all other places, I
have given you the sum total of the cotton crop
of the world, the United States producing seven
tenths of the v. hole.
Well may England look to it when the peace,
the happiness, and the prosperity of her people;
when the strength, power, and glory of her own
country is dependent upon it; because without her
manufactures she is nothing. The two million
bates that she takes from us form a bond of peace,
aguarantee, a surety, not stronger, however, than
that bond we have upon our northern brethren,
who consume now as the basis of the whole man-
ufacturing system of this country, seven hundred
thousand bales of this same southern staple, upon
which all the manufacturing system of the north-
ern States is ramified and expanded. The man-
ufactures of cotton, according to the Secretary of
the Treasury, for the year 1855, are estimated at
$70,964,712; and the value of all manufactured
articles was $1,391,031,293. The whole value of
agricultural products was $1,211,322,000, making
in the aggregate the sum of $2,600,000,000 of pro-
ductions m this land. Allowing $1,000,000,000
of these productions to be consumed at the points
of production, where they were made by the plant-
ers and by the manufacturers themselves, wo
should have left for our internal and external trade
$1,600,000,000. Deducting $310,000,000 of ex-
ports, we should have $1,300,000,000 of products
sent from one section to another in this country
upon the basis of a legitimate free trade—the mere
exchange of equivalents.
Sir, is this not a question for my northern
friends to consider? Out of that $1,300,000,000,
of manufactured articles, I concede to the northern
States two thirds. My own little State of Mary-
land, with six hundred thousand people only, not
so many as the great city of New York, after de-
ducting ninety-two thousand slaves and seventy-
three thousand free colored people, produced
$45,000,000 of manufactures, and $20,000,000 of
agricultural produce. After giving to the north-
ern States two thirds of the whole manufacture,
I shall claim, then, two thirds of all the agricul-
tural products of this country for the southern
States, with ten millions of people altogether.
But 1 shall be told, perhaps, that slave-labor is
profitable in other pursuits than the cultivation of
cotton., Soitmaybe; so I grant youitis; but no
other crop in this country stands upon the same
footing as that crop—which is a monopoly, and
controls, not only the destiny of this country,
but, I may say, the destinies of the world. It
is the great bond of peace between us and the
strongest Government on the face of the earth. It
is a bond of peace which ought to be shared be-
tween the northern States and ourselves.
I merely throw out these views, not in any re-
proach to the northern people, but simply as a
consideration for them to regard the great interests,
of this country, to look to the permanency of this
Union, to the working of this system that imparts
to them greater benefits than they can derive under r,
any othersystemof government. You may talk,
sir,about this Union being in danger. I, asacon-
servative, middle man in this country, tell yon
that I believe in my heart of hearts that this Union
is in danger: and I believe that it is endangered
