1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
merely provides that the pay shall be so and so
until otherwise provided by law.
And not only so, Mr. Speaker, but I stand here
authorized to say in behalf of the gentleman who
has been nominated by the Democratic party as
its candidate for Public Printer, that that is his
. construction of the law, and that he will interpose
. no objection to any modification that may hei-e-
after be made.
Now, sir, if these things be so, why, I ask,
should not we proceed at once to an organization
of this House ? Why should we keep the House
agitated in relation to the subject? Why not
conclude our organization and go to work ? And,
as gentlemen have said frequently, why not show
to the country the great contrast between the ex-
ecutive power of the party to which we belong", and
that which controlled this House in the last Con-
gress of the United States > Instead of taking
weeks and weeks to organize, let us complete our
organization here on the second day of the ses-
sion, and then I pledge to my colleague my cor-
dial cooperation to ferret out corruption and ex-
travagance and everything hostile, as far as we
can find it out, to the public interests. I promised
to yield him the floor at the conclusion of my
remarks, if he desired it.
Messrs. SMITH of Virginia, and GROW,
simultaneously addressed the Speaker, who as-
signed the floor to the latter.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have not yet yielded the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman had done so.
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; but I will yield it
now for a moment or two to my colleague, [Mr.
Smith.]
Mr. GROW. I object to this farming out of
the floor on one side of the House all day. It is
not fair.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not want to
make a speech. Just let me get my resolutions
before the House in the form in which I desire
them to stand. My proposition, the House will
recollect, involved the postponement of this elec-
tion until a certain examination could be made.
The second resolution, partially carrying out that
design, was, atthe"suggestion made by the gentle-
pian from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] withdrawn
by me,or rather, I submitted to his modification;
but, upon reflection, I am satisfied that my views
cannot be carried out without the adoption of that
second resolution in a somewhat modified shape,
and I ask that it be now read as I have modified it.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the understanding that
my colleague's proposition shall be read, 1 now
call the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to Withdraw the call. I do not propose to
enter into a discussion with reference to the can-
didates for Printer, but I desire to say a word or
two upon the subject of the public printing.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am willing to withdraw the
call, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
renew it when he has concluded his remarks.
Mr. GROW. I do not like to do that. I shall
not take five minutes.
Several Members, (to Mr. Bocock.) Insist
on the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I will consent to do it, if it is
necessary to make a bargain to obtain the floor
of the House.
.Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
The resolutions offered by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginians modified by him, were then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That a committee of be appointed by the
Speaker to examine into the laws in relation to the printing
for ihe Hou*e of Representatives, the prices paid theiefor,
and the duties of the Public Printer, whose duty it shall be
to report thereon with the least practicable delay, together
with such change or improvement therein a« they may deem
advisable.
Jltul be it further resolved, That until such report and
action thereon bv this House, the election of Public Pi inter
shall be postponed ; and that, in the mean time, the Cleik
of the House shall have such printing executed 011 the best
terms practicable as may be lequired by the House.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
my point of order to the resolutions as modified.
Mr. GROW. It is not my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to prolong this debate, nor to enter into
any discussion in regard to the person who should
be selected as Printer of this House. I have only
sought the floor to say one word on the abuse
of pubiic printing that has been commented on
to-day. The abuse begins with the orders of
this House. You have brought up your cost of
printing—as has been alleged to-day by the gen-
tleman from Virginia—to |;2,000,000. And how
is the reform to begin? Not by making charges
of corruption and malfeasance against your offi-
cer acting under your orders. A person wants
a book printed; he comes to this House, and a
majority of this House order one, two, or three
hundred thousand copies of it printed. Thus
the Government printing office is converted into
a great book manufactory; and to-day we send
over this country book after book that is hardly
worth the paper on which it is printed.
It is the order of the House of Representatives,
and your Printer is entitled to his pay for the
books which you order. Then let the reform
begin here by curtailing this enormous expend-
iture, by ceasing your orders for publishing
books, and by discontinuing the plan of convert-
ing the Government printing office into a rival
establishment of the book manufactories of the
country. I am against all printing that is not in
the direct legitimate line of the Government busi-
ness.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a point of order. I
do not think that this discussion is at all perti-
nent to the question that we have got before us.
I have submitted to it a good while. I would
rather have the execution of the order than have
this discussion. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has said enough to
meet what has been said on this side. My point
of order is, that the discussion is irrelevant to the
question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
are in order. He thinks they are directly perti-
nent to the subject before the House.
Mr. GROW. I have no more remarks to
make. I have been seeking the floor to-day
simply to call the attention of members to the
origin of the abuses they are complaining of. I
promised the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] as the only way by which I could obtain
the floor, after trying for it all day, that I would
call the previous question. I therefore do so,
and leave it with the House to vote it down if
they like.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.) the
House adjourned till to-morrow attwelveo'clock,
m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 9, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretarjr of the
Treasury on the state of the finances; which was,
on motion of Mr. Biggs, ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate, a letter of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, an abstract of returns of American sea-
men; which was, 011 motion of Mr. Seward, or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, made in obedience to law,
showing the disbursements of that Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, in-
cluding disbursements for contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse; which was, oil motion of
Mr. Hamlin, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That W. G. Bncknor, executor of John J. Bu-
Iow, jr.3 have leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
RESOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN presented aresolution of the Legis-
lature of California in favor of the payment of the
claim of A. M. Winn, for money expended by
him for charitablc purposes in the city of Sacra-
mento, California, in 1849 and 1850; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. 1
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California in favor of the speedy construc-
tion of a national railroad from the valley of the
Mississippi to some point in California"; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California in favor of the establishment
of certain mail routes in that State; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PUGH gave notice of his intention to as1c
leave to introduce a bill for the improvement of
navigation at the falls of the Ohio river.
Also, a bill to provide for the survey of the
Ohio river, and its principal tributaries.
Also, a bill to authorize writs of error in all
cases prosecuted by indictment.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize and facilitate
the construction of a northern, a southern, and
a central Pacific railroad and magnetic telegraph
through the Territories of the United States.
Also, a bill to organize the Territory of Ari-
zonia, and to create the office of surveyor general
therein, to provide for the examination of certain
land claims, to grant donations to actual settlers,
to survey the public and private lands, and for
other purposes.
CHAPLAINS TO THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I submitted a resolution the
other day upon the subject of Chaplains to the
Senate, which, unless any gentleman wishes
further time to consider the subject, I ask to have
taken up for action.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
Mr. Mason on Monday last:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be author-
ized and requested to invite such clergymen as the office
may he aceeptableto, to officiate as Chaplains to theSenate
duiing the present session, and in such alternation as may
be agreeable to them.
Mr. COLLAMER. This resolution requests
the President to invite all clergymen to whom the
office may be acceptable to officiate as Chaplains.
It seems to me that it will be somewhat impracti-
cable to carry it out, and that it will give a great
deal of trouble to our President. The office might
be acceptable to clergymen from every part of the
Union visiting friends here, and that would be
constantly interfering with any arrangement
which might be made with the clergymen of the
city 011 whom we could rely. If we relied on the
clergymen of the city, they could arrange among
themselves the order in which they should offi-
ciate; whereas, if the invitation be extended to
all clergymen, we never can know when they are
to attend and when not. I therefore move that
the words " of the city of Washington" be in-
serted after the word " clergymen."
Mr. MASON. It would be better to insert the
words " of the District of Columbia."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. MASON. I accept the modification. I
have no choice in the matter one way or the other.
I offered the resolution m order that we might
dispose, in this general way, of the subject of a
Chaplain to the Senate. Every Senator, I have
no doubt, has had some experience (1 think it is
very unfortunate, but perhaps it is incident to the
subject-matter) that a sort of competition has
grown up by the usage of the Senate in electing
a Chaplain, which I have thought is not altogether
consistent with the office of a clergyman or a
pastor. I will not say, by any means, a compe-
tition so much among the clergymen themselves,
perhaps, as amongst Senators, who desire to_ pre-
fer particular persons; but the fact is that it has
become a matter of that kind, and it is not en-
tirely agreeable to me, certainly,and I dare say is
not to other Senators, to have that state of things
existing. .
My idea of the practice that will arise under
this resolution, especially now, since it is confined
to the cleigymen of the District of Columbia, is
that the Presidentof the Senate, at the commence-
ment of each session of Congress, will submit to
the clergymen of the District that those to whom
the office may he agreeable shall arrange among
themselves and prescribe the mode in which they
.shall alternate, m order that we may have their
services every morning as usual, and that the
