62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
35th Cong....Ist Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Burroughs.
Ho. of Reps.
rendered the fit instrument of despotism? If it be
said these were men drawn from the pursuits of
civil life and only occasionally employed in the
military service, what, then, shall lie said of the
great, the good,heroicTaylor? fora hero he was,
jiot in the mere vulgar sense of animal courage,
but by the higher and nobler attributes of gener-
osity and clemency. His was an eye that looked
unquailing when the messengers of death were
flying around him; but in the ward-room, over his
wounded comrade, was dimmed by the tear of a
soldier's love aVid compassion. His was a self-
reliant, resolute heart, which rose under accumu-
lated difficulties, and hardened by contact with
danger; but that lieart melted to a" woman's soft-
ness at the wail of the helpless or the appeal of
the vanquished. He was a hero, a moral hero.
His heart was his country's, and his life had been
his country's own through all its stages. Was
lie the fit instrument of a despot to be used for the
overthrow of the liberties of the United States?
Shall I prove my proposition by going 011 and
multiplying examples; or is it not apparent that
whatever may be true of the history of Rome,
whatever may be trus of the condition of Europe,
the United States stands out its own founder and
its own example? No other people like our own
ever founded a State. No other people like our
own have ever thus elevated a State to such great-
ness in so small a space of time. If there be evi-
dence of decay, that decay is not to be found in
the spirit of your little Aimy,butis to be hunted
for in the impurities of your politicians. It,there-
fore does not become the politician to point to our
little and gallant and devoted Army, as the incipi-
ent danger which is to overthrow the liberties of
this country.
If 1 have succeeded, Mr. President, in impress-
ing upon Senators the principal truths I have en-
deavored to advance, I have succeeded in showing
that theplan of increase which we propose is the
most csonomical and efficient within our reach.
If their judgment, however, shall decide other-
wise, 1 then have performed my duty. I have
argued this question earnestly because I am thor-
oughly convinced of the advantages of the bill
■which is before us. If I am in error it is fortu-
nate for me that the majority of the Senate will
correct it. If I am right, the future will sustain
my opinion, even though it be now overruled. 1
am, therefore, content with whatever fortune may
befall the bill. •
kansas affairs.
SPEECH OFI-IOiV.ITM. BURROUGHS,
OP NEW YORK.
In the House of Representatives,
February 'i'i, 1858.
[wmtttm out by himself.*]
The House being iu Committee of the Whole onthe state
of ihe Union-—
Mr. BURROUGHS said:
Mr. Chairman: It is with a good deal of diffi-
dence and embarrassment that I rise now to ad-
dress the committee, because I have seen a number
of gentlemen on my side of the House attempting
in vain, within the last twenty-five or thirty days,
to obtain the lloor—gentlemen who wouid have
discussed the question which I propose to con-
sider with much more ability than I can hope to
bring to the subject. Still, I entertain the hope
that some points pertinent to the question may be
found in the suggestions winch 1 have to make,
and will proceed to the question.
Sir, I have felt myself exceedingly mortified,
from time to time, in this House,at the remarks
that have been made on the left side of the Hall,
to the eflect that the Republican party was a sec-
tional party. We have not unfrequently been
charged with the grossest selfishness. We have
been repeatedly charged with having attempted
to carry measures which were calculated to break
the last tics which bind together the States of this
Union.
Thegentleman from Mississippi, (Mr, Lamar,]
inhis speech some days ago, gave utterance to
this sentiment, and several other speeches from
his side of the House have reiterated the senti-
*IV the original seport, see psg«. Sit Cong. Globe.
ment. It would seem that their love of the Union
is exhausted, and that their patriotic devotion
has tied forever.
Sir, from my earliest days I have learned to
love this Union. I have learned that it was my
first duty as an American and as acitizen, if need
be, to lay down my life for the Union and our
liberties, purchased at the cost of so much blood
and treasure; and I had hoped that the ties which
bound us together, and which taught us the great
doctnne of brotherly love and fraternity, would
not so soon have been forgotten by Americans. I
believe, sir, that the union of these States is de-
manded by every consideration of interest, patri-
otism, and historic renown; and if gentlemen,
who seem just now discontented with their posi-
tion in the Union, will consult our past history,
they will find abundant examples of high patriot-
ism and noble magnanimity 111 the conduct of the
northern portion of the Confederacy.
It is part of my purpose this morning to intro-
duce some few reasons here to satisfy those gen-
tlemen that they ought to take bacl&these unjust
charges of 11 sectionalism and injustice." I shall
endeavor to show that the country which we pos-
sess was purchased by the blood and treasure
of the whole people, and should be distributed
with reference to the wants, prosperity, and hap-
piness of all. Itis a cardinal doctrine of our Gov-
ernment, lying at its very foundation and consti-
tuting the soul of its vitality, that it shall be so
administered as to " promote the greatest good of
the greatest number." This, sir, is Democratic doc-
trine. Yes, sir, it is Democratic doctrine as our
fathers taught it. ,It is the doctrine for which our
fathers fought, and it is the doctrine by which,
I hope,, the Republic of America will ever stand.
Now, sir, let us look into this subject. We have
at the North a population of something over thir-
teen million, most of them white men; you have at
the South, gentlemen, but a little over six million
white men. I do not take slaves into account,
because they have been denominated property.
You have,in the: fifteen slave States, eight hundred
and thirty-eight thousand square miles of land;
we have, in fifteen free States, four hundred and
forty-seven thousand nine hundred and ninety
square miles of land. We have got more than
double your population, but we have gotless than
half the amount of land that you possess. I tell
gentlemen that this is not a sectional question. It
is simply a question whether we shall have homes
for our children; and I propose to address myself
to that view of it. You havein the South, or had
in 1850, a population of six'million four hundred
and twelve thousand six hundred and five; we have
in theNorth,or had in 1850,a population of thir-
teen million three hundred and forty-two thousand
and eighty-nine. I say nothing about the slaves.
You, gentlemen,have your negroes who till and
cultivate your soil; but we have our cattle upon a
thousand hills,and an industrious yeomanry. I
propose now to ask who paid for the land we
have, and how we came by it, and what would
be a fair, honest, and equitable division of it?
Why, sir, I recollect that that little strip of land
upon your southern coast, Florida, was bought
at an expense of something over three million
dollars, if not over five million. You recollect,
also, that we purchased Louisiana at a cost of
§15,000,000, besides what we have paid for the
extinction of Indian titles. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] who spoke the other
day, and who is one of those who made this
charge of sectionalism and injustice, lives in a
State upon which we have expended untold mil-
lions—yes, sir, and northern blood, too—111 her
j Indian wars. I hope the gentleman will be mag-
I nanimous enough, when he looks into the facts,
I to take hack the charge of sectionalism and bad
j faith. _ We profess to bo friends of the Union,
| and friends of every human being in the Union,
black as well as white;- and we do not like to be
charged with bad faith and iliiberality and injus-
tice.
But again; we got into a war about Texas. Do
gentlemen know how we got into that difficulty?
We admitted Texas into the Union, and took
upon ourselves the war with Mexico; and in car-
rying on that war we expended nearly t,wo hun-
dred million dollars, to say nothing of the precious
blood which men of the North and men of the
South shed upon the battle-fields of Mexico. All
the wars in which this country has been en-
gagedfor the last twenty-five years have been on
our southern frontier and in Mexico; and I beg
gentlemen to remember that it costs, in times of
peace, about twenty-five million dollars to sup-
port our Army, which is almost wholly occupied
m their defense and protection.
The Black Hawk war of 1832 was attended with
but trifling cost. Since that period, the expense
of sustaining our Army has been about six hun-
dred million dollars; and this enormous sum has
been expended almostexclusively for the protec-
tion of our southern frontier. If gentlemen will
take the pains to examine into the subject, they
will find that since the purchase of Florida we
have expended on the purchase of lands from for-
eign Governments, from Indians by treaty, and
in various other modes of expense, over eight
hundred million dollars—a sum which would pur-
chase some of the States of this Union, with all
the property within them, real and personal.
Now, sir, I propose, in a spirit of kindness,
to ask gentlemen who make this charge of sec-
tionalism against us, to tell us where this raouey
—this eight hundred millions—came from? Where
did the money come from? 1 have facts and fig-
ures here to satisfy any gentleman where it came
from. Look to the importing and tax-paying
States of this Confederacy. In the State of New
York we have a population of over three million,
nearly half as much as the population of the whole
southern States.
Sir, I have not time to-day to present the care-
ful calculations by which I arrive at the fact that
the northern fifteen States of this Confederacy
have paid three fourth's of the entire amount ex-
pended for the purchase of these lands, and in sus-
taining the Mexican, southern border, and Indian
wars. Six hundred million dollars have been paid
in the form of indirect taxes forthese purposes. I
make this now simply as a general statement; and
tell gentlemen that if they doubt the correctness
of the statement, I will, at a future time, present
the facts and estimates in careful detail.
Well, sir, I now come here with the complaint
that the northern States have not quite half the
territory you of the southern States have; and I
say further that our land is not as good as yours.
I know it, for I have been upon your southern
soil; I have been over most of the States of this
Union, and gathered the means of forming a cor-
rect opinion,and believe that, with the exception
of the mountain ranges of the South, you have
much better lands than we possess. You have a
genial climate—ten thousand fields of beauty,
surpassing the valley of the Mediterranean in
fiuitfulness, richer than the fabled gardens of
Hesperides or the Paradise of Sardis; and yet you
would deny to us Kansas, and call us sectional
and selfish and aggressive, if we do not yield to
your demands. This we can never do. Our in-
terest is against it. The voice of the rising gen-
eration against it demands our attention,and our
honor forbids that we should suffer a country to
be wrested from us, long since recognized as righ t-
fuliy ours, and decreed as our inheritance forever
by the most solemn compact which our fathers
could make.
But I do not propose just to dwell upon Kan-
sas, but will mention one other reason why we
cannot surrender it to slavery, and drive away
northern freemen from their own rightful country.
We have paid for it, and we claim Kansas as our
country upon high grounds of justice and equity
—upon the ground that the North is entitled to a
fair portion of the lands of the country, as the
separate inheritance of freemen; and this because
the white man must be paid for his labor, must
be rewarded for his toil, and cannot live in the
same community with the unpaid negro slave.
I need not make an argument to prove that
slave labor, being cheaper, crowds out the laborer
who has social and domestic wants to supply,
which cannot be attained at the costofnegro slave
labor.
It is the rightful ambition of northern men to
have homes of their own'—good homes—and to
be surrounded by all the institutions of religion,
learning, and moral elevation,which are possessed
at the North. A gentleman from Mississippi,
notnowin his seat, [Mj, Lamar,] afew days ago,
