2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
May 14,
I
jng ask the Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 180)
to amend the several acts now in force in relation
to the Patent Office; and I invite the attention of
Senators to the bill in advance.
Mr. BROWN. I want to give notice, too, that
to-morrow,- by a resolution of the Senate, has
been given to the District of Columbia business,
and if any portion of the day is to go to anything
else, it must be done by positive order of the
Senate, for I shall certainly insist on that resolu-
tion being carried out,
Mr. SLlDELL. I wish to give notice to the
Senator from Mississippi that a bill that I have
reported, which I think is quite as important to the
District of Columbia, is a special order on the
Calendar and one of the earliest special orders, and
if an opportunity is afforded, after the chairman
shall have got through with his business, I shall
move to take up that bill. It is a bill to regulate
the issue of bank notes in the District.
Mr. STUART. As the attention of the Senate
seems to be attracted to these subjects, at this
time, I deem it a very propitious moment to say
that I shall ask the Senate, on Tuesday next, to
take up the bill making grants of land to the sev-
eral States, for the purpose of aiding agricultural
colleges.
Mr. HUNTER. To-morrow I shall press the
appropriation bill. I give way for private bills
to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire whether the unfinished business is before
the Senate ?
The VICEPRES1DENT. Atthehouroftwclve j
o'clock the unfinished business of yesterday will
be the general appropriation bill. That is in ac-
cordance with the general rule of the Senate.
There has been a special order, though, passed by
the Senate, making Friday, of every week, the
day to take up the Private Calendar. As the Chair
considers it, he would feel obliged to call up the
Private Calendar after the morning business was
through with on Friday.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Chair decides that the
Private Calendar is in order, 1 shall not interfere;
but if the appropriation bill is in order, 1 shall in-
sist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time has not
yet arrived for the other special order, even if it
is proper.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to suggest that here-
tofore, when we have had Friday assigned for the
taking up of the Piivate Calendar, the rule was
always executed in tins way; that the Private
Calendar was taken up immediately after the lead-
ing of the Journal, and excluded all other busi-
ness. 1 think we may as well decide whether we
are going to take up the Private Calendar for the
day, and we may as weil decide it now, rather
than delay it for other things.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not be in
order, under the rules, to take up the Private Cal-
endar until the petitions and reports of standing
committers were called for.
Mr. SEWARD. The practice heretofore has
always been to excludc all t lie morning business,
and begin with the Private Calendar immediately
after the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that could not be done without a change of the
rules, which are very explicit; but, if the Senate
now take up the Private Calendar, the Chair will,
at the hour of twelve o'clock, not call up any other
business, unless a motion be made to postpone
this.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to express rny gratification on finding out that
there 19 something before the Senate of sufficient
importance to induce the Senator from Virginia
not to press an appropriation bill providing ap-
propriations of the people's money for botanic
gardens and green-houses. I am really gratified
to find that theie is something of importance
enough to make one of those bills give way.
The motion of Mr. Iyerson was agreed to.
INDIANA MEETING OF FRIENDS.
The first private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 4G) to grant the right of preemption
in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of
the Society of Friends, the consideration of which
was resumed by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. MASON. I examined this bill, not veiy
carefully, when it was before the Senate on a
former occasion, and the construction-I gave to it
was that it sought to give to this society the priv-
ileges of locating three hundred and twenty acres
of land, in addition to three hundred and twenty
acres which had been provided for them in the
Indian treaty. If I am right in that construction,
it is a donation to be made by Congress apart
from and independent of any treaty stipulation we
may have had with those Indians ata former time.
So far as there is any treaty stipulation by which
the United States are bound to set apart any part
of the public lands for such a society, however
much I might regret that such a provision existed,
I should nevertheless feel constrained to accede to
it by my vote; but so far as it is proposed to give
any additional donation to a religious society, I
should be entirely against it. The public lands,
in my judgment, are not intended in any way to
further any religious or philanthropic or moral
ends; they are intended for settlement and for
population. For this reason, with a number of
other objections that might be adduced, I should be
utterly opposed to making any religious society
land owners to any greater extent than might bo
necessary for a house of worship and a yard
around it for the purpose of interment and other
matters strictly pertinent to it; but I should be
utterly opposed to making any religious society,
Friends or otherwise, land owners generally in
the country to an unlimited extent.
Mr. STUART. This bill has been before the
Senate on several occasions, and I am very sorry
that the Senator from Virginia has not understood
its purport. It is not a proposition to give any
land at all; it is simply a proposition to allow
those who have the charge of this Indian school
to enter, for the benefit of that school, at $1 25 an
acre, this land—to pay $1 25 for it, which is the
minimum price of the public lands.
1 said, on a former occasion, that I was sur-
prised at the opposition to this bill, and I say it
again, with all respect to gentlemen. The treaty
that was made with these Indians secuied to this
school, for their benefit, not for the benefit of this
Society of Friends at all, butfor the benefit of the
Indians who wanted to educate their children at
the school, a given number of acres of land. That
they have got under the treaty, but they have no
timber land. The land that they desire to select
now is three hundred and twenty acres of timber
land, so that fuel can be furnished to sustain their
school. They propose to give $1 25 an acre for
it. The bill prohibits them from alienating it; they
cannot sell it for any purpose; and the bill is ne-
cessary, because these persons cannot get this land
by preemption under the existing laws.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to make
a suggestion to the Senator at this point. He says
the object is to get wood land. Of course it is for
the use of this school, that is upon the original
reservation. Well, sir, so far as I can see, they
are authorized to enter land anywhere within very
extensive boundaries. The language of the bill
is, " in Kansas Territory, between the Missouri
State line and a line west thci eof, thii ty miles dis-
tant and parallel thereto, as described m the treaty
with the Shawnee Indians, dated the 10th day of
May, in the year 1854."
Mr. STUART. 1 understand that; but I state
what the object is, what the papers show, what the
Indian bureau recommends, and what is wanted.
1 presume, that since the application was origin-
ally made, though I do not know the fact, the
land may have been surveyed. But I state the
facts, shown by the papers, that they desire to
enter three hundred and twenty acres for the pur-
pose of obtaining woodland to maintain their
school, and that is all.
Now, sir, I have no objection, if any gentleman
desires it, to amend the bill so thatitshall describe
three hundred and twenty acres of timber land
most convenient to that school, for there is no other
object in it m the world; but what I wish to im-
press 011 the Senate is, that this is no donation of
land to begin with—that it is no donation of land to
a religious society; m the next place, no grant of
land, no right to purchase by a religious society.
The Shawnee school was organized in the State
ofOhio before these Indians were removed, and the
teachers went with them from Ohio to Kansas. It
is conceded by the Indian bureau,which has charge
of this subject, that there is no other school among
the Indians which has been of such signal benefit,
and this will be seen from the very nature of the
organization of this society. The Quakers, from
the very characteristics of their mode of worship,
are most likely to carry out legitimately the pur-
pose of education and religion among the Indians.
They do not interfere with politics in any form;
They are a highly moral people; they do not
drink themselves, and therefore do not set any
bad examples to the Indians. Morality is an es-
sential element among them. Their example is
good; their persuasions are good; their teachings
are good. The sum and substance of the matter
is, that they have got a good prairie country for
purposes of cultivation around their school, but
they have not wood to build fires with, and they
want it; that is all there is of it.
It cannot be necessary for me to say that I feel
no personal interest in this question. Every one
of the parties is an utter stranger to me; but the
subject, in its morality, in its religious tendencies
and benefits, does address itself to me in the most
impressive form; and for these reasons I have a
deep solicitude that this bill shall pass. As I said
to the honorable Senator from Arkansas, if he
desires to limit it in its application, if he supposes
there is any speculation in it, 1 have not the slight-
est objection to an amendment which shall effect
his entire wishes on that point.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the Senator from
Michigan whether this school is in actual opera-
tion ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly it is; and I can as-
sure the honorable Senator, as the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs assured me, that it is one of the
best schools that has ever been among the Indians.
Mr. POLK. I asked the question, because in
1853 1 was at that place, and it was not in oper-
ation then.
Mr. STUART. I have not been there. I know
only what the Indian bureau tells me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I submit the
motion that this bill and report be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs,'that they may in-
vestigate the matter, and report the facts to the
Senate. The proposition is to grant thiee hun-
dred and twenty acres m aid of a reservation made
in an Indian treaty. A suggestion is now made
that, as late as 1853, no such school was in oper-
ation in that country. If I recollect aright—I will
not be positive—the report in this case speaks of
this society, and its operations in teaching these
Indians, as having been in existence for a number
of years. I move to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, so that they may inquire
and ascertain as to where the three hundred and
twenty acres of leservation already made by the
Indian treaty are to be found. If I am not mis-
taken, I judge from the characteristics and the
terms of this bill that that reservation has never
been located at all. If that be so, and in fact I
shall assert it unless contradicted 
Mr. STUART. What reservation ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The original
reservation, m aid of which the present grant is
to be made, has never yet been marked out.
Mr. STCJART. The Senator is mistaken. The
reservation made by the treaty has been marked
out. This is a different thing fiom that. They
have got the reservation which was made by the
treaty, and are occupying it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will read the
second section of the Senator's own bill. It is:
<4 That the said Yearly Meeting, by such committee or
aireiu as it may apoomt, is Hereby authorized to desmnate
to the proporlandolfkcTiu Kansas Territoiy, or to th« Co.rj-
rrusMoner of the General Land Office at YVavhm<*ton, ihc
tract of three hundred and twenty acres set apart by the
Lro.ity aforesaid, tor tne Friends'Shawnee Labor School or
Minion, and theieupon the same &lniJI not bo offered to
sale.**
From that language it would seem that the three
hundred and twenty acres reserved by the tieaty
are yet to be designated. The bill does not re-
quire that the grant we are now to make shall be
located contiguous to the original reservation.
Although the plea is that the object is to get wood
to support the school establishment this socicty
have put or are to put up, as the case may be,
they are not even compelled to have it where the
wood can be made serviceable or useful. That, 1
submit to the Senate, would show at least that the
bill is very loose in regard to the selection of the
land. It goes on:
But, upon pajment to the United States of ,<$1 25 per
acte. a patent sh til i«£uc to Mich nu>tce or tiu&tees as> the
said Yeaily Meelmg may nominate."
