1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
ular constitution of Kansas, how can you so read-
ily, in what manner can you so soon and so easily,
remedy the evil as by admitting the State? If
there be. a majority of ten thousand against it, that
majority can control it. Take it away from here,
ana let us get to the real business of the country.
Let us take away the exciting subject of dispute
and quarrel, for which this Congress has been
agitated now for three months, and give it to the
people of Kansas to settle.
For these reasons, sir, I shall vote for the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution.
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way ? I
suppose he does notdesire to speak to-night; and
'therefore I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. Say one o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. To-morrow will be Saturday,
and we shall wish to get through before it is very
late. Half an hour devoted to morning business
to-morrow will suffice.
The motion was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New
Jersey, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 12, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RUFFIN. I have sought the floor for the
purpose of asking to be excused from service on
iheCommitteeofAccounts. Iliave already stated
my reasons for making this request. I will state,
in addition, that the regular number of members
of that committee is five. There is a good deal
of work to be done by that committee; and it is
but just to the members of the committee who are
still acting that the full number should report at
the committee-room. I do not expect to go there
again. I have not been there since the action of
the House upon the bill reported from that com-
mittee; and I think it is but just and right that I
should be excused. I am already a member of
one of the most important committees of the
House—the Committee on Public Lands; and I
prefer to devote my attention to that committee.
The question was put; and Mr, Ruffin was
excused.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. HARLAN objected.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The bill of the House No. 6, making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1859, yesterday reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with amendments, was taken up, and the amend-
ments reported by the committee concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES mc ^ed to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications,
which were disposed of as indicated below:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Attorney Gen-
eral, and accompanying papers, dated March 1,
1858, detailing proceedings under the actapproved
March 3, 1855, entitled " An act to improve the
laws of the District of Columbia, and to codify the
same." The message and accompanying papers
were referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and the message ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a list of clerks and others em-
ployed in the Navy Department during the year
1857; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, containing a statement showing the num-
ber of clerks employed in the Treasury Depart-
ment during the year 1857, per the eleventh section
of the act of 20th of August, 1842; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the application of the Post-
master General for additional appropriations for
temporary clerk hire; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting copies of the Official Navy Register,
for the use of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives; which was laid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to resolutions of the House
of Representatives of February 9, calling for the
amounts appropriated and expended in each" of
the different Territories of the United States, for
roads, bridges, &c.; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a statement of the amount
paid from the Treasury, during the last fiscal year,
for the legislative expenses of the Territory of
Kansas—in answer to resolutions of the House
of Representatives of March 1,1858; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the PostmasterGeneral,
transmitting orders of the Postmaster General for
fines, deductions, &c., on contracts from July 5,
1856, to June 30,1857; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COJIMITTEES.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill granting a pension to Christine Bar-
nard, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN". I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is called for. Reports are in order from the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask unani-
mous consent to report a private bill from the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, that all the bills reported from
the Committee of the Whole House on Friday
last, be now taken from the Speaker's table and
reported to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I prefer the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
reports are first to be called for from the Commit-
tee of Claims, for such reports as refer to busi-
ness from the Court of Claims. Reports are there-
fore in order from the Committee of Claims.
No reports were made from that committee,
and the Chair then proceeded in order with the
call of committees.
R. L. B. CLARK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, reported a bill for the relief
R. L. B. (Mark; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
E. B. TALLCOT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill for the payment
of extra compensation to E. B. Tallcot, for his
services and expenses in recovering Government
funds, embezzled by Jacob Richardson; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
A. A. MILLARD.
Mr.WASHBURNE,of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made an adverse report on
the petition of A. A. Millard; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
LAWS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MORRILL. I would inquire if the order
to print, made in reference to the President's mes-
sage, laid before the House this morning, in re-
gard to the improvement of the la\frs of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, carried with it the printing of
the code of laws recently rejected by the citizens
of the District of Columbia ?
The SPEAKER. It does riot. The Chair
propounded the proposition that the message it-
self be printed, and not the a.ccompafryins: docu-
ments.
THOMAS YOUNG AND- NAHU® WARD.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims; made adverse reports on the petitions of
Thomas Young and Nahum Ward, respectively,
which reports were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Ely W.
Goff; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, House bill (No. 59) in
relation to courts, and the holding of the terms
thereof, in the Territory of Nebraska; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF CAPTAIN MILLER.
Mr. CLAWSON,from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Captain Samuel Miller; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM EDMUNDSON.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Edmundson; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed..
ROSWELt MINARD.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the reiief of Ros-
well Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the W hole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ABEL M. BUTLER.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Abel M. Butler;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HANNAH LITTEL.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Hannah Littei, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee off the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
NORWEGIAN BARK ELLEN.
Mr. CLINGMAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Duncan Robertson.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the House will pass
that bill now. It is a bill to refund to the Nor-
wegian consul the sum of $749 92, which he paid
for the repairs of the bark Ellen. It will be rec-
ollected, that when the Central America was lost,
this vessel brought a number of the passengers to
Norfolk. She was found to be in a very bad con-
dition, and had deviated from her course. The
commodore commanding at the navy-yard had no
authority to pay the money for the necessary re-
pairs, and it was advanced by the Norwegian
consul. The letter of the Secretary of State, and
the accompanying accounts, show how the money
was paid. I think it ought to be refunded at
once. I hope there will be no objection to the
passage of the bill. It will be remembered that
