1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
the captain of the bark was presented by the Pres-
ident with a handsome watch on that occasion. [
presume every gentleman is aware of the circum-
stances. I hope that the bill and report will be
rend, and that the House will then pass the bill.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if this vessel was a national one, or private prop-
erty?
jtlr. CLINGMAN. It was private property, I
think. The bark rescued the American passen-
gers from the Central America; it was repaired
at, our own navy-yard, and the consul, who hap-
pened to be there, advanced the money to pay for
those repairs. It appears from the letter of (jren-
eral Cass, that the commodore would have will-
ingly advanced the money if he had had author-
ity to do so. I hone the bill will pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 1) for the relief
of George P. Marsh; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN P. BROWN.
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John P. Brown; which was
mid a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the re-
port, ordered to be printed.
"WILLIAM RICH.
Mr. GROESBECK, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William Rich;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Commitfee on In-
valid Pensions, reported ihefollowing bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the respective reports, ordered to be printed.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary Anne Henry;
A bill giving an invalid pension to Henry Mil-
ler;
A bill giving a pension to Mary A. M. Jones;
A bill for the relief of Mary B. Dusenbery;
A bill giving a pension to Jeremiah Wright; and
A bill for the relief of John Duncan.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to ask that that com-
mittee be discharged from the farther considera-
tion of the case of John McGiniiis, and that he
iifM/e leave to withdraw his papers.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the latter part of
the proposition.
Mr. FLORENCE. Weil, I will qualify it by
a condition that he leave copies.
Mr. LETCHER. Let him take copies.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I ask that the com-
rv^Uee be discharged, and that the petitioner be
allowed to take copies of his papers.
it was so ordered.
On motion of Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered,That thp Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the case of Anne
W. Angus, and that the samp be lelerred to the Committee
o:' Claims.
Mr. FLORECNE. I am likewise directed to
report a bill to equalize the Army, Navy, and
marine pensions.
The SPEAKER. That is not a private bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, it struck me that it
was not exactly a private bill, although it is a bill
of a private nature. I had not concluded in my
own mind whether it was a private bill or not,
and i thought I would test the sense of the House
on the subject.
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAWS.
Mr STEWART, of Maryland I am instructed
by the Committee onPatents to make a general re-
1 port, embracing an amendment of the patentrlaws.
| It is a matter of general interest, and 1 hope there
! will be no objection to its being presented, ordered
| to be printed, and referred to the Committee t>f
1 the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. That is a general law. I want
no special privileges here. Let it take its place
i with other general laws.
| DEPREDATIONS OF CREEK INDIANS.
! Mr. WOODSON, from the Committee on In-
! dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ex-
1 amination and payment of certain claims of citi-
1 zens ofGeorgiaand Alabama, on accountoflosses
; sustained by depredations of the Creek Indians;
' which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, order to be printed.
SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the House
will now proceed to the consideration of bills upon
the Speaker's table.
- RHODE ISLAND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DURFEE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island, relative to the appropria-
tion of public lands by the Government of the
United States for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 136) for the relief of the heirs of
; John 13. Hand; and
I An act (No. 107) for the relief of Ephraim
j Hunt.
| Afeo, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
j House (No. 8) for the relief of John Hamilton.
! Also, that the President of the United States
I had notified the Senate that he had, on the 10th
' instant, approved and signed a joint resolution
, (S. No. 3) to extend and define the authority of
' the President, under the act approved January
!G, 1857, entitled "An a.cfr to promote the effi-
! ciency of the Navy in respect to dropped and re-
1 tired officers."
; SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
' Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. X move that the
i House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
■ table of a private nature.
i The motion was agreed to; and the following
' Senate bills on the Speaker's table were severally
! taken up, read a first and second time, and dis-
! posed of as indicated below:
; An act (No. 52) for the relief of William R.
Trotter. Referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
An act (No. 57) for the relief of James Beatty's
personal representative. Referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
An act (No. 59) for the relief of James G. Ben-
j ton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Lonerstreet, of the
United States Army. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
A resolution (No. 5) to authorize certain officers
l and men engaged in thesearch for Sir John Frank-
! lin to receive certain medals presented to them by
I the Government of Great Britain.
• Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that joint
resolution will pass some time, and perhaps it may
as well be passed at this time. I ask that it may
be road.
The joint resolution was read in extevso.
The resolution was ordered to a third read-
, ing"; and was accordingly read the third time, and
I passed.
I An act (No. 35) for the relief of Michael Kin-
; ny, late a private in company I, eighth regiment
] United States Army. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 61) for the relief of Frederick A.
Beeleri. Referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
A resolution (No. 9) for the compensation of
R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the United States
penitentiary, for his salary to June SO, 1857.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that that joint resolution
may be read; and I presume there will be no ob-
jection to its being put on its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that res-
olution had better go to the Committee of the
Whole House. 1 think, if 1 am not misinformed
in reference to it, it is based upon no principle of
justice which should be recognized by this Gov-
ernment.
The resolution was read at length.
Mr. GOODE. I would state to the gentleman
from Tennessee that the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia now have that subject under
consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will move
that the resolution be referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the consent of the House
to take up Senate bill No. 76, and put it on its
passage.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object, until the
bills on the Speaker's table shall have been dis-
posed of.
An act (No 60) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P. Kel-
ler. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 68) for the relief of Elias Hall, of
Rutland, Vermont. Referred to the Committee
of Claims.
An act (No. 69) for the relief of Dr. Charles
Maxwell, a surgeon in the United States Navy.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
An act (No. 70) for the relief of John Dick, of
Florida. Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
An act (No. 72) for the relief of Daniel Whit-
ney. Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
An act (No. 73) authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith
to enter certain lands in the State of Alabama.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 74) for the relief of J. Wilcox Jen-
kins. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Laurent Millau-
don. Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
An act (No. 83) to vest the title to certain war-
rants for land in George M. Gordon. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 94) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster United States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 95) explanatory of an act entitled
" An act for the relief of Dempsey Pieman," ap-
proved August 16, 1856. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 96) for the relief of Susanna T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Ma-
glenen, late of the city of Baltimore. Referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 100) releasing to the legal repre-
sentatives of Jvhn McNeil, deceased, the title of
the United States to a certain tract of land. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 71) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the relocation of land warrants
Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to General
La Fayette," approved February 26, 1845. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 123) for the relief of Henry Hub-
bard. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 91) to continue a pension to Chris-
tine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, United States Army. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affaus.
An act (No. 173) for the relief of Mary Petery.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 185) for the relief of Anna M. E.
Ring, Louisa M. Rino;, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy. Referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
An act (No. 12:3) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap CalcsbyJones. Referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 10?) for the relief of Ephriam
Hunt. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 136) for the relief of the heirs of
John E. Hand. Referred to the Committee 011
Indian Affaire.
