2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ment which I intended to offer. It is, ip the four-
teenth line of the first section, to strike outall after I
the word " upon" to the end of the sentence, and
insert:
Such of the lands covered by timber as are most contig-
uous to the present mission tract, and shall remain after the
Indians shall have made their selections, as provided by the
treaty aforesaid.
I presume this will covcr the point-: I move
this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The first question is on referring this
subject to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
amendment will be in order after that is disposed
of.
Mr. CLAY. I simply rise to call the attention
of the Senate to some facts which have not been
presented. Besides the grant of lands hitherto
made to this religious association, I understand
that other grants within this reservation, some of
larger and some of lesser quantities, have been
made to other religious denominations. I want
to show the Senate how much has already been
granted within the Territory of Kansas for the
purpose of Indian schools, ostensibly, under the
treaty. In the second article of the treaty of the
20th of May, Ib54, with the Shawnees, I find
these words:
" Of the lands lying east of the parallel line aforesaid,
there shall firat be set apart to the misMonaiy society of the
Methodist Episcopal 1 hureh South, to include the improve-
ments of the Indian Manual Labor School, thice sections
of land ; to the Friends' tih-uvnee Labor School, including
the impiovcmenrs there, three hundred and tvvent> aeirs
of land; and to the American Baptist Missionary Union, to
include the in) pro vemcnts whet e the superintendent of their
school i\o\v resides, one hundred and sixty acies of laud ;
also five acres of land to the Shawnee Methodist Church,
including the meeting-house and grave-yard; and two acres
of land to the Shawnee Baptist Church, including the meet-
ing-house and grave-yaid All the land selected, a«* herein
provided, west of said pataliel line, and that set apart to the
respective societies for schools, and to the churches before
named, shall be consideied as part of the two bundled thou-
sand acroa reserved by the Shawnees."
Now, it appears that within the lands reserved
for this tribe of Indians alone in the Territory of
Kansas, we have already granted to different
religious denominations upwards of twenty-four
thousand acres; and it is proposed now to give, in
addition, three hundred and twenty acres. As
objected by the Senator from Arkansas, I regard
tins as nothing more than a grant to these indi-
viduals. It does not appear that they are a cor-
poration. There is no guarantee that it wilt be
retained in perpetuity for the benefit of these In-
dians. There is no security to the Government
that if they fail to apply these lands for the pur-
pose ostensibly in view—the education of the Indi-
ans—they will revert to the Government. There
is no Senator, I think, who can seriously main-
tain, or who can believe, that the Government ever
will recover these lands. We give them upon
mere trust that they will be exerted for the im-
provement of the Indians, mid with a certainty
that, in the course of time, they may be sold, and
inure to the benefit of individuals.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator a question: I have understood from the
debate that here was nothing given, but that the
bill simply allowed certain individuals to enter a
tract of land and pay for it.
Mr. CLAY. That is true; and I suppose the
Senator would say it was no gift if they were al-
lowed to enter it at a cent an acre.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are to enter at the
proper price—$1 25.
Mr. CLAY. It is $1 25; and yet I am assured
that those lands will command from twenty to
thirty doluiis an acre. The Senators from Mis-
souri, who are acquainted with the value of the
lands, and especially the Senator on my right,
{Mr. Green,] who lives near the Territory of
Kansas, will substantiate the assertion that it
does never happen 
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator a question, based on the remark of the
honorable benator from Missouri. I see no ob-
jection to this bill except the one raised by the
honorable Senator from Missouii, that it may
disturb the rights of settlers; and although they
may have no legal rights, properly speaking, their
rights are as much respected in these matters as if
they were legal. If they are settlers, as he states,
or what are called squatters, and you give this
society the right to locate lands over them, you
would do them an injustice.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me a
moment. I have no objection to a restriction be-
ing- put in the bill to guard against that. The
fact is that this bill covers land that this school
had inclosed and occupied before the treaty was
made. It was so described in the report; but there
is no objection to its being limited so as to pre-
serve the rights of any adverse occupants.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would like to see such a
provision inserted, and then I think there can be
no reasonable objection to the bill.
Mr. CLAV. I have little else to say. I do not
suppose any one expects the Indians to remain
permanently on this reservation, or within the
limits of the State of Kansas, if it should ever be-
come a State. We all know that this people do
not^ive in the midst of civilization. We all know
that they recede before the approach of the white
man as does the horizon. We all know that their
destiny, according to our experience, is ultimate
and speedy destruction. In the course of a very
few years this people will all disappear from the
limits of the United States.
What, then, is to be done with these lands?
They belong to a corporation, if you choose; but to
a mere association of individuals, as I say. Wiio
is to enjoy the benefit ? It will ultimately redound
entirely to the individual interest of the society or
the persons who are associated in this enterprise.
As to its achieving any great amount of good
to the Indians, I know from observation—I know
from the experience among theCherokees in my
own State, that it is all an idle illusion; it amounts
to nothing whatever. Within forty miles of the
town where I have been raised and reside, such
an establishment had a school among the Cher-
okees; it continued there from my earliest recol-
lection until within the last fifteen or twenty years.
During all this period of time a good many In-
dians were assembled about the mission; but they
were occupied mainly in laboring for the associ-
ation; they were occupied in the early cultivation
of the fields and in waiting upon the families as-
sembled at this piission. They would remain
there a few years, go off, and resume their wild
uncivilized habits; and I do not know a dozen of
them who have ever retained the habits of civil-
ization, and who pursue agriculture or any of the
mechanic arts for a living at,this time. The so-
ciety ultimately broke up; the Indians were all
removed west; and I do not know what became
of the mission, but the land, I know, has passed
into the hands of other individuals or private per-
sons,'who are now on it, and hold it by some kind
of title. To whom the benefit of the moneys de-
rived from the sale of the lands went I can not say,
but 1 believe it went to the persons who foimed
the association. I have no faith in any of these
enterpuses. They have been tried time and again,
among the Cherokees and Choctaws within the
limits of my own State; and I do not think they
have achieved any good results whatever. They
have generally been schemes of private pecuni-
ary speculation ratherthan of religious and benev-
olent purposes. Inasmuch as this bill proposes
to give them now three hundred and twenty acres
of woodland, worth at the lowest, I suppose, ten
dollars an acre, and perhaps thirty dollars, I am
unwilling to Vote for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not understand the Sen-
ator exactly as to how many acres there were in
the first grant he read.
Mr. CLAY. I stated that the aggregate of the
whole grant was upwards of two thousand four
hundred acres.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much was there in the
first grant to the Methodist Episcopal Church
South ?
Mr. CLAY. The first grant was three sections
of land.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is one thousand nine
hundred and twenty acres ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. That went South; and I think
this might go to these Quakers.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator calls attention to the
fact that one thousand nine hundied and tv/enty
acres have been granted to the Methodist Episco-
pal Church South by the treaty with the Indians,
and the inference is, that this northern association
ought to have an equivalent; and thus it is sup-
posed that, in order to equalize these several re-
ligious associations, we ought to give that quan-
tity to each.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had no such purpose at all.
I thought there was a mistake in the quantity; I
thought it was quarter sections when he read the
treaty; but it happened to be sections.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator from Al-
abama is in error on one point. I understood him
to suggest, that in all probability, this land would
ultimately revert to private individuals. This
question came up in committee; and, in order to
guard against that contingency, a third section was
added to the bill, in these words:
" That the lands granted by this act, as well m the first
as the sccond section thereof, shall not be sold or otherwise
alienated by the said Yearly Meeting, or us trustee or trus-
tees, without the previous consent oi Congress thereto."
So that there is an impossibility, it seems to me,
of a reversion of this land to private individuals,
unless Congress shall hereafter pass a law confer-
ring that privilege on individuals. While up, I
will remark that has been the policy of the Gen-
eral Government to encourage the labors of reli-
gious societies among the Indians in all the Ter-
ritories. It has been so in my State. There are
very valuable lands now held by the Roman Cath-
olic Church near Council Bluffs, and some of
them are embraced at present within the corpo-
rate limits of the city, that were acquired by pre-
vious occupancy on their part as missionaries
among the Indians. They hold lands all over the
western States by virtue of this prior occupancy.
The same is true, too, I think, of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, as well as the Methodist Epis-
copal Church South, and of the Baptist Church,
and the Presbyterian Church. Whatever the
Senator from Alabama may suppose in relation
to the ultimate destiny of the Indians, these reli-
gious people believe that they may be reclaimed
from their savage habits and may be converted to
Christianity; and in doing this they doubtless
teach them the arts of civilization I have no
doubt that if the Senator was as familiar with the
results of the labors of these organizations as he
is with many subjects of State and national policy,
he would have a different opinion from that which
he has expressed. There are many thousands of
Indians who have been converted to habits of
civilization, and who are embraced within the
pale, so to speak, of the differentchurches. They
are church members, communicants in all the re-
ligious churches, 1 believe, that are organized in
this country; at least they are members of all the
leading societies, embracing the Catholics, the
Presbyterians, the Baptists, the different orders of
Methodists, and the Friends. In permitting this
society of Friends to enter this land to be held
for the use of the Indian.'?, and not to be perverted
to any other use without the consent of Congress,
I think we wrong nobody, and as Congress ap-
propriates money year after year, to aid these
missionaries, directly from the Treasury, it seems
to me there can be no well-grounded objection to
giving them a right to enter the land, at least
until this policy of the General Government is
changed.
The mtftion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Indian Affairs was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I propose an amendment to
strike out three hundred and twenty acres in the
first section, and insert eighty acres. I think that
is ample, according to the statement they them-
selves make; and then I shall move another
amendment afterwards.
Mr. PUGH. I offered ail amendment before
that, but I understood it was ruled out of order,
because there was a motion pending to refer the
bill. I hope we shall have a vote. I think the
Senate understand the bill without further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Chair will remark to the Senator from
Ohio that, at the time he offered his amendment,
it was not in order. Before he attempted t:> renew
it, the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
was offered.
Mr. GREEN. Mine is prior to his in the regu-
lar order of the bill, anyhow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to strike out *k three hundred and twenty,"
and insert " eighty."
Air. .TOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
| yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clay, Fitzpalrick, Oiecn, Ham-
mond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
