16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
the purpose of allowing them to call a convention
to form a constitution, preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union as a State. The Governor
stated that, in his opinion, the Legislature had
no power to call such a convention without the
assent of Congress first had and obtained; but he
asked instructions on that point. The President
referred the case to the Secretary of State, and he
asked for the advice of the Attorney General,
■whose opinion was given, and adopted as the
plan of action, and communicated to the Gov-
ernor of Arkansas for his instruction. I will read
some extracts from that opinion:
" Consequently, it is not in tho power of the General
Assembly of Arkansas to pass any law for the purpose of
electmg membeis to foim a constitution and State govern-
ment, or to do any other act. directly or indirectly, to create
such new government. Every such law, even though it
wore approved by the Governor of the Territory, would be
null and void. If passed by them, notwithstanding his veto,
by a vote of two thirds of each branch, it would still be
equally void.
" If I am right in the foregoing opinion, it will then fol-
low that the course of the Governor, 111 declining to call
together the Territoiial .Legislative for the purpose in ques-
tion, was such as his legal duties lequircd; and that the
views he has expressed in his public address, and also in
his official communication to yourseVf, so far as they indi-
cate an intention not to sanction or concur in any legisla-
tive or other proceedings towards the formation of a Slate
government until Congress shall have authorized it, are
also coirect."
That is what I have understood to be the set-
tled doctrine as to the authority of a Territorial
Legislature to call a convention without the con-
sent of Congress first had and obtained. The
reasoning is very clear and palpable. A Terri-
torial Legislature possesses whatever power its
organic act gives it, and no more. The organic act
of Arkansas provided that the legislative power
should be vested in the Territorial Legislature, the
same as the organic act of Kansas provides that
the legislative power and authority shall be vested
in the Legislature. But what is the extent of that
legislative power? It is to legislate for that Ter-
ritory under the organic act, and in obedience to
it. It docs not include any power to subvert the
organic act under which it was brought into ex-
istence. It has the power to protect it, the power
to execute it, the power to carry it into effect; but
it has no power to subvert, none to destroy; and
hence that power can only be obtained by apply-
ing to Congress, the same authority which created
the Territory itself. But while the Attorney
General decided, with the approbation of the
administration of General Jackson, that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature had no power to call a con-
vention, and that its action was void if it did, he
went further:
" No law lias yet been pa«sod by Congress which either
evpre^iy or impliedly gives to tho people of Arkansas the
authority to ioim a tate government."
USTor has there been any in regard to Kansas.
The two cases are alike thus far. They arc alike
in all particulars so far as the question involving
the legality and the validity of the Lecompton
convention is concerned. The opinion goes on
to say:
" For tho reasons above stared-1 am, therefoie, of opinion
that tho inhabitants of that Teiritorv have not at piosi'nt,
and that tliey eauuot acquire otherwise than by an act of
Congress, the light to form such a government."
General Jackson's administration took the
ground that the people of Arkansas, by the au-
thority of the Territorial Legislature, had not the
power to hold a convention to form a constitu-
tion, and could not acquire it from any source
■whatever except from Congress. While, there-
fore, the legislative act of Arkansas was held to
be void, so far as it assumed authority to authorize
the calling of a convention to form a constitution,
yet they did not hold, in those days, that the
people could not assemble and frame a constitu-
tion in tho form of a petition. I will read the
rest of the opinion, in order that the Senate may
understand precisely what was the doctrine on
this subject at that day, and what the Committee
on Territories understood to be the doctrine on
this subject in March, 1856, when we put forth
the Kansas report as embodying what we Ne-
braska men understood to be our doctrine at that
time. Here it is. This was copied into that
report:
But I am not prepared to say that all proceedings on
this subject, on the part of the citizens of Arkansas, will
be illegal. They undoubtedly possess the ordinary puvi-
ieges and immunities of citizens of the United States.
Among these is the right to assemble and to petition the
Government for the redress of grievances. In the exercise
of this right, the inhabitants of Arkansas may peaceably
meet together m primary assemblies, or in conventions
chosen by such assemblies, for the purpose of petitioning
Congress to abrogate the territorial government, and to ad-
mit them mto the Union as an independent State. The
particular form which they may give to their petition can-
not be material, so long as they confine themselves to the
mere right of petitioning, and conduct all their proceedings
in a peaceable manner. And as the power of Congress
over the whole subject is plenary and unlimited, THEY
MAY ACCEPT ANY CONSTITUTION, HOWEVER
FRAMED, WHICH IN THEIR JUDGMENT MEETS
THE SENSE OF THE PEOPLE TO BE AFFECTED
BY IT. If, therefore, the citizens of Arkansas think proper
to accompany their petition with a written constitution,
framed and agreed on by tlieir primary assemblies, or by a
convention of delegates chosen by such assemblies, I per-
ceive 110 legal objection to their power to do so, nor to any
measures which may be taken to collect the sense of the
people m respect to it; provided, always, that such meas-
ures be commenced and prosecuted in a peaceable manner,
in strict subordination to the existing territorial govern-
ment, AND IN ENTIRE SUBSERVIENCY TO THE
POWER OF CONGRESS TO ADOPT, RRJECT, OR
DISREGARD TIIEM, AT THEIR PLEASURE  
While the Legislature of Arkansas had _ no
power to create a convention to frame a constitu-
tion, as a legal constitutional body, yet, if the
people chose to assemble under such an act of
the Legislature for the purpose of petitioning for
redress of grievances, the assemblage was not
illegal; it was not an unlawful assemblage; it was
not such an assemblage as the military power
could be used to disperse, for they had a right
under the Constitution thus to assemble and peti-
tion. But if they assumed to themselves the right
or tho power to make a government, that assump-
tion was an act of rebellion which General Jack-
son said it was his duty to put down with the
military force of the country.
If you apply these principles to the Kansas
convention, you find that it had 110 power to do
any act as a convention forming a government;
you find that the act calling it was null and void
from the beginning; you find that the Legisla-
ture could confer no power whatever on the con-
vention. That convention was simply an assem-
blage of peaceable citizens, under the Constitution
of the United States, petitioning for the redress
of grievances, and, thus assembled, had the right
to put their petition in the form of a constitution
if they chose; but still it was only a petition—
having the force of a petition—which Congress
could accept or reject, or dispose of as it saw
proper. That is what I understand to be just the
extent of the power and authority of this conven-
tion assembled at Lecompton. It was not an un-
lawful assemblage like that held at Topeka; for
the Topeka constitution was made in opposition
to the territorial law, and, as I thought, intended
to subvert the government without the consent
of Congress, but, as contended by their friends,
not intended. If their object was to subvert
it without the consent of Congress, it was an
act of rebellion, which ought to have been put
down by force. If it was a peaceable assem-
blage simply to petition and abide the decision of
Congress on the petition, it was not an unlawful
assemblage. I hold, however, that it was an un-
lawful assemblage. I hold that this Lecompton
convention was not an unlawful assemblage; but,
011 the other hand, I hold that they had no legal
power and authority to establish a government.
They had a right to petition for a redress of griev-
ances. They had a right in that petition to ask
for the change of government from a territorial to
a State government. They had a right to ask
Congress to adopt the instrument which they sent
to us as their constitution; and Congress, if it
thought that paper embodied the will of the peo-
ple of the Territory, fairly expressed, might, in
itsdiscretion, accept itas a constitution, and admit
them into the Union as a State; or if Congress
thought it did not embody the will of the people
of Kansas, it might reject it; or if Congress
thought it was doubtful whether it did embody
the will of the people or not, then it should send
it back and submit it to the people to have that
doubt removed, in order that the popular voice,
whatever it might be, should prevail in the con-
stitution under which that people were to live.
So far as the act of the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas calling this convention was concerned,
I have always been under the impression that it
was fair and just in its provisions. I have always
thought the people should have gone together en
masse and voted for delegates, so that the voice
expressed by the convention should have been the
unquestioned and united voice of the people of
Kansas. I have always thought that those who
staid away from that election stood in their own
light, and should have gone and voted, and
should have furnished their names to be put on the
registered list, so as to be voters. I have always
held that it was their own fault that they did not
thus go and vote; but yet, if they chose, they had
a right to stay away. They had a right to say
that that convention, although not an unlawful
assemblage, is not a legal convention to make a
government,and hence we are under no obligation
to go and express any opinion about it. They
had a right to say, if they chose, " We will stay
away until we see the constitution they shall
frame, the petition they shall send to Congress;
and when they submit it to us for ratification we
will vote for it if we like it, or vote it down if we
do not like it." I say they had a right to do either,
though I thought, and think yet, as good citizens,
they ought to have gone and voted; but that was
their business and not mine.
Having thus shown that the convention at Le-
compton had no power, no authority, to form
and establish a government, but had power to
draft a petition, and that petition, if it embodied
the will of the people of Kansas, ought to be
taken as such an exposition of their will, yet, if
it did not embody their will, ought to be rejected
—having shown these facts, let me proceed and
inquire what was the understanding of the people
of Kansas, when the delegates were elected ? I
understand, from the history of the transaction,
that the people who voted for delegates to the
Lecompton convention, and those who refused to
vote—both parties—understood the territorial act
to mean that they were to be elected only to frame
a constitution, and submit it to the people for their
ratification or rejection. I say that both parties
in that Territory, at the time of the election of
delegates, so understood the object of the con-
vention. Those who voted for delegates did so
with the understanding that they had no power
to make a government, but only to frame one for
submission; and those who staid away did so
with the same understanding.
Now for the evidence. The President of the
United States tells us, in his message, that he had
unequivocally expressed his opinions, in the form
of instructions to Governor Walker, assuming
that the constitution was to be submitted to the
people for ratification. When we look into Gov-
ernor Walker's letter of acceptance of the office
of Governor, we find that he stated expressly
that he accepted it with the understanding that
the President and his whole Cabinet concurred
with him that the constitution, when formed, was
to be submitted to the people for ratification.
Then look into the instructions given by the
President of the United Slates, through General
Cass, the Secretary of State, to Governor Walker,
and you there find that the Governor is instructed
to use the military power to protect the polls when
the constitution shall be submitted to the people
of Kansas for their free acceptance or rejection.
Trace the history a little further, and you will
find that Governor Walker went to Kansas and
proclaimed, in his inaugural and in his speeches
at Topeka and elsewhere, that it was the distinct
understanding, not only of himself, but of those
higher in power than himself—meaning the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet—that the constitution was
to bo submitted to the people for their free ac-
ceptance or rejection, and that he would use all
the power at his command to defeat its acceptance
by Congress, if it were not thus submitted to the
vote of the people.
Mr. President, T am not going to stop and in-
quire how far the Nebraska bill, which said the
people should be left perfectly free to form their
constitution for themselves, authorized the Pres-
ident, or tho Cabinet, or Governor Walker, or
any other territorial officer, to interfere and fell
the convention of Kansas whether they should or
should not submit the question to the people. I
am not going to stop to inquire how far they were
authorized to do that, it being my opinion that the
spirit of the Nebraska bill required it to be done.
It is sufficient for my purpose that the Adminis-
tration of the Federal Governmentunanimously,
that the administration of the territorial govern-
ment, in all its parts, unanimously understood the
territorial law under which the convention was
assembled to mean that the constitution to be
