64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Burroughs.
Ho. of Reps.
Representatives in ihu Congress of the United States, are
requested to give notice of our intention to take the neces-
sary stejvuo prepare the Tree, independent} and soveru«n
State of Texa?> to resume the powers delegated by it to the
General Government, and u  withdraw from the Union, as
Ijeing no fonger productive of the great objects (or wlucl) it
was established; and we invite our sifter State*, attached
to the benign domestic institution of slavery, to join with us
in this important measure, so that we may present to the
enemas of our institutofms an unbioken and Uftiant ftont,
and thus secure our-safety, our liberties, and our independ-
ence, by prompt and united action.
uBe it further resolved* That the president and secretary
of this convention be instructed to communicate these reso-
lutions to the legislative and executive departments of each
of the States of the Ameii«*an Union, and to the President
find Congress of the United States.
"On motion, the convention adjourned until eighto'clock,
p. m."
I have not time to read these Texas resolutions;
but I wiU have them printed in connection with my
speech. If I had time, I would say something
about Kansas, as a justification for myself and for
every northern man who votes against and op-
poses the admission of Kansas into the Union as
a slave State.
A gentleman now in my eye has several times
asked members on my side of the House whether
they would vote to admit Kansas as a slave State,
if it was well ascertained that a majority of her
people were in favor of slave institutions. 1 can
answer that question without any difficulty. J
would not vote to admit Kansas as a slave Slate
under any possible circumstances; and I place my
justification on the ground that that country be-
longs to the North. {Slavery has got all the genial
climate of the United States, and by what right?
There is hardly a non-slaveholdmg State where
we can settle and find a genial climate. Will you
allow us no spot for our invalids, for our con-
sumptives? Perhaps you will point us to Cuba
for relief; but if it were ours you would insist
upon establishing your " institution" there also.
Now, I want to say here to gentlemen from Mis-
souri—and I want them to recollect it, and carry
the fact home to their constituents—(hat, if the
people of that State would give away every negro
thoy have got to-day, anil adopt a free constitu-
• tion, they would enhance the value of their lands
thirty per cent,, within two yeais. If you are suc-
cessful in making Kansas a slave Slate, we shall
look upon u as depriving us of the only country
which has a genial climate suitable for northern
labor.
Now, I need not loll you that northern men do
not like your sensitive property. They art; seri-
ously prejudiced against it, and cannot help it.
We cannot settle in a country where this 14 sen-
sitive property" is allowed to exist. And here
let me, in this rambling way, ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to lemember that some of
our people would like to settle in his State; but
not in that part where you may travel live, ten,
and fifteen miles, among the sand-lullers, and not
nd a man or a woman who can read and write.
Northern men do not like institutions productive
of such civilization.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. If the gentleman will allow
me i will say to him, that I would rather have
the lowest of them than the Mormons and many
others educated, probably, in the public schools
of which he boasts so .much in his own State.
Mr. BURROUGHS. The gentleman must
excuse me; but I cannot give him any portion of
my time. I have no doubt the gentleman has his
preference, but he must pay some respect to his
twin sister—that " twin relic."
But, sir, besides these grounds of justice and
equity upon which 1 put tins question, the man-
ner m winch this Kansas affair has been managed
from the start must be taken into consideration.
I think I might well chum and insist that, from
the beginning to the end of tins whole Kansas
matter, there has been committed a series of frauds
and violence such as have never been seen in any
civilized country upon the globe. This is a broad
assertion, sir; Gut I make the charge, f charge
it, because I believe it. I charge that Franklin
Pierce, from the commencementTof his adminis-
tration, tn connection with this Kansas matter,
acted upon a system of ftaud and villainy, and i
believe that James Buchanan is following up the
same track, and has '• out-lleioded Herod."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of order. I consider such language unworthy the
place that the gentleman occupies. To denounce
a coordinate branch of this Government I hold to 1
be out of order. [Cries of " Oh!" " Oh 1" and
laughter.]
Mr.' BURROUGHS. X hope I shall not be in-
terrupted in this way. Thegentleman and 1 differ
in opinion, no doubt, upon some subjects. Sir, it
would bea source of the highest pride and greatest
gratification to me if I could stand herein my place
to-day and say that I honored the President as the
President of the Union. 1 should beglad if I could
stand here to-day and say that I approved his acts.
1 should be glad if I could say, as I could at the
close of the eight years of General Juckson'sad-
ministration, that I honored and approved every-
thing that he had done. I feel humiliated before
God and my country that I am obliged on the floor
of Congress to denounce the President.
If my time would permit, I should introduce
facts known to all men, upon which to rest this
charge against the Government—facts which go
to prove the statement which 1 have made. They
will be presented in a few days, I doubt not, by
the committee appointed to investigate the sub-
ject; and I shall for a moment cull the attention of
northern Democrats to the fate of some noithern
men who occupied scats here in 1820—who voted
to admit Missouri as a slave State; though its way
into the Union was not strewn with murdered
victims and attended by civil war. She came not
by blood and carnage, as crimsoned Kansas, but
was led in her bridal-robe, in times of peace, to the
altar of the Union, by recreant men. To them her
touch was that of the leper; they fell; died—po-
litically died—and sank to a depth beyond the
power of a second resurrection. This was a de-
served fate, because they had disregarded the
interests and will of those they represented.
Let me call the attention of northern gentlemen
for a moment to theirposition as Representatives,
and to the true representative principle? Suppose
j that a gentleman from the Norih is elected by a
j constituency that is nearly equally divided, and
I takes his seat here by vntue of the Governor's
■ certificate: what is his position here? Is heat
' liberty to disregard the will of his constituents,
and vote against their inter rMs, because he has
been sent here by some accidental majority r No,
su ; [ deny it. I maintain—and I put it to the
consciences of gentlemen representing northern
constituencies—I maintain nnd insist that it is their
duty, when they record their votes here, to con-
sult the interests, the rights, and the future well-
being of every man, woman, and child m their
dist icts; and the man who falls short of this fails
to discharge his duty to the country.
1 know some of you gentlemen as lovers of jus-
tice, lovers of your country, lovers of your neigh-
bors. The gentleman who occupies a seat across
the aisle, [Mr Ward]—how will he justify him-
self to his neighbors, his friends, and jjis own pos-
terity, for u vote admitting Kansas into the Union
as a slave Stale? 1 counscl him that the day is
not far oiF when his own children will turn away
their (aces from the record, and would blot it out
with their tears.
1 see upon the other side of the House a neigh-
bor of mine, [Mr. Hatch,] whose vote, I know,
was counted upon in favor of freedom; and per-
mit me to addtcss to him a few observations. A
tew days ago, in this Hal I, the g< ntleman boasted
that he had a larger foreign constituency than per-
haps any man in Congress. What are your con-
stituents doing? You will tell me, perhaps, that
they are digging your wells and cellars, carrying
your hods, and building your stores. What will
their childien do, twenty-five or fifty years from
now? That is a pertinent question. There will
not be room and employment for them and their
children in your city'. Where will they go to find
homes ? if the gentleman permits slavery to spread
itself over the whole of the northern Territories,
they will find no homes there. I can point the gen-
tleman to hundreds in his district to-day, who, per-
haps, thirty years hence, will be walking over the
fields of Kansas, to see there probably the richest
soil in the woi Id, but to find, per bans, that country
occupied by an institution which crowds out
northern free labor. I can point the gentleman
to hundreds m his district who, fifty years hence,
m walking over those beautiful fields, will say,
" if my father had not voted for a Democratic
Representative from Buffalo, and given him a seat
' in Congress, these fields would have been mine;
! but here is no home for freemen; no home for my
cotfntrymen."
| Now, 1 ask of no man here anything which is
1 not entirely in keeping with justice, and in ac-
cordance with high equity. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] the other day, said
that we placed upon them, in 1820, the burning
mark of inferiority. That is not so. The posi-
tion of the South is every way equal in advant-
ages with us Our northern men will not settle
m a country where slaveiy exists. I need not
' make an argument to prove this. On the other
hand, gentlemen cannot prove to us that southern
men will not go into free territory. I remember
facts which I may safely address to you. Go to
the State of Illinois, and you will find not less than
thirty-five thousand of her inhabitants were origin-
ally from cither Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia,
South Carolina, or far off" Georgia. They will go
to free territory and settle there, if you will per-
mit them. As representatives of the South, if
you would consult the interests of a large portion
of your people, you will help to make Kansas a
free State, and thereby promote the greatest pos-
sible good of the citizens of the South who would
gladly find homes there.
I regret to have said anything in the course of
my remarks which should wound the sensibilities
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith:] but
I could not refrain from expressing the true senti-
ments 1 entertained in regard to the course of the
President of the United States. I know there
was a time when it was unlawful to say anything
against the King; I know there was a tune in Eng--
land when penalties and chains were visited upon
the man who dared to speak against the King—
the Tower of London has contained many such.
I know there was a time in America when a law was
proposed, makmgit an offense punishable by fine
and imprisonment to speak disrespectfully of the
President. Now, sir, if such a law was in force
at the present day, half our freemen would be in
prison or exile. I should be obliged to find refuge,
some secure spot in Canada, or in the southern
islands, because of the language I have used in
regard to the President, or become the tenant of
a Democratic jail. 1 would accord to every man
due respect. I yield to no man in the observance
of the amenities of social intercourse. But, sir,
some things are beyond the range of politeness—
beyond the reach of charity—standing out in
such huge, monstrous, and damning deformity,
that it would bo a crime to palliate. When I am
asked to call the President of the United States
an honest man, I must falter. When I am asked
to say that he has conducted himself before the
! people, with respect to this Kansas matter, as a
j prudent and candid man, I must decline,
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What I said when
! I rose to a question of order was, I trust, founded
I in proper sentiment of feeling. It is the policy of
I the Government for all of its branches to indulge
I in language of courtesy and respect towards each
other, and the rules of this House prescribe it in
icference to one branch. When I heard the gen-
tleman from New York—a traveled gentleman,
as he tells us—get up and denounce a coordinate
branch of the Government, 1 did feel a degree of
indignation for the moment which I could not re-
press. I may regret that I expressed myself so
strongly, but I more regret that tfie gentleman
should have used such bitter language towards the
President of the United States.
Mr. BURROUGHS. No doubt, sir, I might
learn much of the gentleman, who is my senior;
I shall give good attention to his suggestions upon
ail questions of courtesy and politeness; but, sir,
I had asserted a fact, and now under leave of the.
House, I will proceed to suggest the proofs upon
j which that assertion rests.
; Mr. GIDD1NGS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from New York whether he does not demand a
corresponding respect from other branches of the
Government towards this body, which they de-
mand from us?
[Here several voices were heard—" His time is
up!" 44 His time is up!" and from all parts of the
House numerous cries of" Go on !" " Go on !"J
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist upon the
rule  .
[And the hammer fell.]
