1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
RESOLUTIONS OP A LEGISLATURE.
Mr. GILMAN, by unanimous consent, pre- !
sented to the House the joint resolutions of the
State of Maine in reference to bounty on cod fish-
eries, and in relation to the distribution ofaportion
of the public lands belonging to the United States; j
which were referred, the resolution relating to I
fisheries to the Committee on Commerce, and the |
resolution referring to the distribution of lands to
the Committee on Public Lands. j
BILLS PASSED. |
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, the j
House then proceeded lo the consideration of the ■
bills reported from the Committee of the Whole
House 011 Friday last, \vhe  the following bills, i
reported without amendment, were ordered to be ;
engrossed and read a third time; and being en- ,|
grossed, they were accordingly read the third time !;
and passed. [;
A bill (E-I. R. No. 65) for the relief of Thomas ,|
Smithers; j|
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the heirs i
of Alexander Stevenson; lj
A bill (H. R. No. 210) for the relief of the legal .!
representatives or assignees of James Lawrence; I!
A bill (H. R. No. 212) for the relief of N. C. j!
"VVeems, of Louisiana; i|
A bill (H. R. No. 213) for the relief of Francis H
Wlodecki; I'
A bill (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of Dr. j
Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon of the United •
States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 218) for the benefit of the :
captors of the British brig Caledonia in the war .
of 1812; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of John
Richmond. i
RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE. j
Mr. POSTER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maine, relative to the bounties on the cod
fisheries; which were laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. ^
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays. '
Mr. WARREN" called for tellers on the yeas \
and nays. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Billing- |
nunsT and Haiviun's were appointed. ,
The House divided; and the tellers reported— j
ayes 20, nous 134. [
So (one fifth not voting in favor thereof) the i
yeas and nays v/eie not ordered. j
Mr. Florence's mouon was'then agreed to— j
ayes 151, noes 49. !
Mr. SICKLES. I ask leave to make a report ;
of a private bill that it may be referred to a Com- |
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen- 1
dar. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg- ,
ular order of business. j
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE. <
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the appeal of the gentle- j
man from Illinois [Mr. Harris] from the decision |
of the Chair. The Chair desires to call theatten-;
tion of the House to the appeal, and to the ground I
on which the decision of the Chair was made. |
The gentleman from Illinois rose in his place, and j
stated, in behalf of himself and Messrs. Adrain, j
Mon.RiLL, Wade, Bennett, Walbuidge, and ;
Bcffiwon, of the select committee appointed un- j
der the order of the House of the 8th of February j
last, to whom was referred the President's mes- >
sage concerning the Lecompton constitution, with j
instructions, that, in their opinion, said commit- j
tec had failed and refused to execute the order of ;
the House contained in the resolution of their
appointment, and had adjourned; and, as a proof
thereof, he proposes, as a question of privilege,
to road the journal and minutes of said commit- lj
tee, and a written statement relating thereto. j
The Speaker decided that the opinion merely of :
a minority of auommittecrcould liotpresenta case
imolvmg the privileges of the House; and that ■
inasmuch as it is not competent, except by the \
courtcsy of the House,,for a minority of a com- j
mittee to submit a report, the facts upon which ;
sueh opinion is based could not be ascertained in 1
the manner proposed. IntheopmionoftheChair,
the instructions in the present case having refer-
ence neither to the time nor the manner of makir>°-
the report, the House could not know whether
there had been a failure or refusal to execute its
order until the report of the committee had been
submitted. He therefore decided that no question
of privilege was presented by the gentleman from
Illinois.
The proposition of the gentleman from Illinois
was to read the journal, and to submit a written
statement. Tiie Chair decided that it was not in
order, and that it would not be in order even if
the committee had been called, if there was objec-
tion. The Chair refers to a precedent, exactly in
point, in the first session of the Twenty-Fourth
Congress, on page 562 of the Journal:
" Mr. Hall, of Vermont, a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post ltoad*, to whom was referred so
much of tiie message of the Pi evident of the United States
at the commencement of the session as relates4 to the report
of the Postmaster General, the condition and operations
of the Post Office I)epartment, and everything connected
therewith,'offered to submit to the House a paper in the
form of a report, which, he stated, contained the views of
the minority of the committee on that part of the said mes-
sage which suggests i the propriety of passing such a law as
will prohibit, under severe penalties, the circulation,in the
southern States, through the mail, of incendiary publica-
tions intended to instigate theslavesto insurrection y
'•The Speaker decided that when reports from commit-
tees are called for, a report cannot be made from a minority
of a committee, as a minority is not a committcc ; that the
paper offered was not a leport authorized to be made to the
House by authority of the committee, and could not be
received as a report from the minonty; and that, conse-
quently, it wab not in order to offer the same.
"Mr. 1Jai,l then asked the unanimous consent of the
Hou-jC to submit '.he paper containing the vi^ws of the
minority upon the subject aforesaid j which was objected
to," &c.
Not only do the precedents show that a report
from the minority of a committee is not in order,
but they go so far as to show that it is not com-
petent to refer, in debate in the House, to what
transpires before a committee, much less bring
the matter in the form in which it is proposed to
be brought here by a minority, before the major-
ity has reported. The Chair asks to refer to the
Journal of the first session of the Twenty-Sixth
Congress, page 418:
" Mr. Petriken submitted the following as a question of
Older:  
" That neither the. chairman of a committee, nor any other
member of the committee, or of the H.juse, can be permit-
ted to allude on the floor to anything which has taken place
in committcc, or in any way relate in debate what vva- done
by said committee, or bv the individual members of that
committee, cxcept it 13 done by a written repoit made to
the House by authority of a majority of the committee.
"The Chair decided, generally, in favor of the question
of older lawed by Mr. Petrikkn.
" Mr. Pill.morf, in debating the question before the
Hou>e. made allusions to the piocccdingsm the Committee
of Elections, and while leading1 a re>oluhon which had
been adopted m that committee, was called to order by the
Speaker, on the ground that a member had no right to read
papers containing the proceedings of the committee, (not
imported bythe committee,) although the amendment under
consideration proposed to punt their proceedings."
A question of order was made, and, after two
or three days' debate, the decision of the Speaker,
in ruling the remarks of the gentleman out of or-
der—although it was a proposition to print that
which had transpired in debate—was sustained by
a vote of 98 to 84.
In the Thirty-First Congress, in a similar ease,
there was pending a proposition to authorize the
taking of testimony in a contested-election case
from Iowa:
"During the debate, Mr. Ashmun and Mr. Ashe were
proceeding to discuss and refer to certain matters which
had transpired before the Committee of Elections, but winch
had not been repoucd upon to the House.
"Mr. I^redeiiick P. Stvxton raised the point of order
that Jt was not m oidcr, in the Mouse, to refer to matters
that had transpired before the committee, and not reported
upon to the House.
"The Speaker sustained the point of order; and de-
cided that such rcfeience was not in order. .
" From this decision of the Chair, Mr. Sciienck appealed.
" The question was stated, ''Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?'
" And, being put, it was decided in the affirmative."
So that, in the opinion of the Chair, the question
of privilege does not arise in the c.ise presented.
If the majority of the committee had submitted
the report, and it was proposed by the minority
to submit a report, it, as the Chair decided yester-
day, would be received as a matter of courtesy—
universally granted, I concede, because it was
with difficulty that I found the precedent which I
have already read. It is generally received, and
it is in this point of view that the Chair decided
that the House could not know whether the com-
mittee had or had not discharged its duty, until
the committee reported, and there was no time
fixed in the instructions, requiring the committee
to report at a particular time, or in a particular
way.
Mr, H ARRIS, of Illinois. It is not my purpose
to enter into a lengthy debateof the question pre-
sented to the House in the appeal that I have
taken from the decision of the Chair. The ques-
jj tion which I raised yesterday, connected with the
11 proceedings of the committee, was one which I
' thought it my duty to present as a member of this
committee, and as a member of the House. Noth-
ing but the most imperative sense of duty would
have caused me to come before the House, and to
make the statement which I have made, and the
proposition which I designed to connect with that
statement. Neither was it made rashly. *Itwas
made with a firm belief that, as a question of priv-
ilege, I had a right to make it. I believe still, as
I believed then, that, as a question of privilege, I
had a right to make it, and that, as a question of
privilege, it ought to be entertained and sustained
by the House.
The cases which the Chair has read in support
of the decision which it made yesterday, are, in
my judgment, not analogous to the one presented.
In the one case, there was a proposition made to
report, by a single member of a committee, a bill
for the action of the House. If I understand it,
the case cited was, that Mr. Hall, a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
proposed to report from that committee a bill for
the action of the House. Such being the case,
it was a proposition to report something for the
legislative action of the House; It did not relate
to any conduct in the committee, or anything
which had transpired in the committee room. It
was a proposition to report, under the"authority
of the committee, that which could only come
from a majority of its members.
"Mr. Hali,, of Vermont, a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Po^t Uoads, to whom was referred so
much of the message of the President of the United States
at the commencement of the session as relates to the report
of the Postmaster General, the condition and operations
of the Post Office Department, and everything connected
therewith, offered to submit to the House a paper, in the
form of a report, which he stated contained the viewi of a
minority of the committee on that part of said message,
which suggests the propriety of passing such a law as will
prohibit, under severe penalties, the circulation in the south-
ern States, through the mail, of incendiary publications, in-
tended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."
He proposed to make a formal report of a bill
upon which the House* should legislate for the
country. That has no analogy to the case pre-
sented here. We do not propose to present a case
i; for legislation at all. We, as individual members
1 j of the House, rise in our places, and call the atten-
!j tion of the House to the fact that We have every
lj reason to believe and assert that certain other
members charged with a particular duty have dis-
obeyed the order of the House; that certain mem-
bers, charged with the performance of certain
duties, have failed to perform those duties. We
report no bill. We report nothing calling for le-
gislative action. Suppose six of us should rise
in our places and charge that the other seven, a
majority of the committee, were in a state of mu-
tiny in committee; that they would allownoques-
tion to be put, and no business to be done; that
they would assemble when they were called, but
absolutely refused to do any business whatever
—I put it as an extreme case: could we not have
the right to rise in onr places and present that
fact for the consideration of the House, that it
might either discharge the committee, or recon-
struct the committee, or compel them to obey thfe
order of the House and proceed to the investi-
gation with which the committee was charged?
Would gentlemen rise in their places and say,
Sk wait, and see what the committee will report;
let us see whether the committee will report that
this state of disorder exists in committee or not,
and then we can tell whether we will hear you
or not?" I venture to say, an instance cannot be
found where a case like this has been presented,
which has not been considereda proper and legit-
imate subject for the consideration of the House.
The House, whenever a question is raised as a
question of privilege; whether it relates to the ac-
tion of one member or more; whether it relates to
their action as an organized committee, or to their
individual action; whether they are disorderly, or *
