18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
, ten commandments, yet we would not touch it
until it was submitted to and ratified by the peo-
ple of Kansas, in pursuance of the forms of law.
Perhaps that Topeka constitution, but for the
mode of making it, would have been unexception-
able. I do not know; I do not care. You have
no right to force an unexceptionable constitution
on a people. It does not mitigate the evil, it does
not diminish the insult, it does not ameliorate the
wrong, that you are forcing a good thing on them.
1 am not willing: to be forced to do that which I
would do if I were left free to judge and act for
myself. Hence I assert that there is no justifi-
cation to be made for this flagrant violation of
popular rights in Kansas, on the plea that the
constitution which they have made is not particu-
larly obnoxious.
But, sir, the President of the United States is
really and sincerely of the opinion that the sla-
very clause has been fairly and impartially sub-
mitted to the free acceptance or rejection of the
people of Kansas, and that, inasmuch as that was
the exciting and paramount question, if they get
the right to vote as they please on that subject
they ought to be satisfied; and possibly it might
be better if we would accept it, and put an end to
the question. Let me ask, sir, is the slavery
clausc fairly submitted, so that the people can
vote for or against it? Suppose I were a citizen
of Kansas, arid should go up to the polls and say,
" I desire to vote to make Kansas a slave State;
here is my ballot." They reply to me, ''Mr.
Douglas, just vote for that constitution first, if
you please." "Oh, no!" I answer, " I cannot
vote for that constitution conscientiously. I am
opposed to the clause by which you locate cer-
tain railroads in such a way as to sacrifice my
county and my part of the State. I am opposed
to that hanking system. I am opposed to this
Know Nothing or American clause in the consti-
tution about the qualification for office. I cannot
vote for it." Then they answer, "You shall not
vote on making it a slave State." 1 then say,
" I want to make it a free State." They reply,
44 Vote for that constitution first, and then you
can vote to make it a free State; otherwise you
cannot." Thus they disqualify every free-State
man who will not first vote for the constitution;
they disqualify every slave-State man who will
not first vote for the constitution. No matter
whether or not the voters state that they cannot
conscientiously vote for those provisions, they
reply, " You cannot vote for or against slavery
here. Take the constitution as we have made it,
take the elective franchise as we have established
it, take the banking system as we have dictated
it, take the railroad lines as we have located ihem,
take the judiciary system as we have formed it,
take it all as we have fixH it to suit ourselves,
and ask no questions, but vote for it, or you shall
not vote cither for a wlavo or fiee State." In other
words, the legal oiled of the schedule is this: all
those who are m favor of this constitution may
vote for or against slavery, as they please; but
all those who are against this constitution are dis-
franchised, and whail nor vote ai all. That is the
mode in which the slavery proposition is submit-
ted. Every man opposcu to the constitution is
disfranchised on the slavery clause. How many
cue they? They toil you Iheie is a majority, for
they say the constitution will be voted down
instantly, by an overwhelming majority, if you
allow a negative vote. This shows that a ma-
jority are against it. They disqualify and dis-
franchise every man who is against it, thus refer-
ring the slavei y clause, to a minority of the people
of Kansas, and leaving that minority fiee to vote
for or against the slavery clause, as they choose.
Let me ask you if that is a fair mode of sub-
mitting the slavery-clause ? Does that mode of
submitting that pai ticular clause leave the people
perfectly free to vote for or against slavery as
they choose? Am I free to vote as I choose on
the siavery question, if you tell me I shall not
vote on it unnl I vote for the Maine liquor law?
Am I free to vote on the slavery question, if you
tell gie that i shall not vote either way until I
vote for a bank? Is it freedom of election to make
your right to vote upon one question depend upon
the mode in which you are going to vote on some
other question which has no connection with it?
Is that fieedom of election? Is that the great fund-
amental principle of self-government, for which
we combined and struggled, in this body and
throughout the country, to establish as the rule
of action in oil time to ceme?
The President of the United States has made
some remarks in his message whicn it strikes me
it would be very appropriate to read in this con-
nection. He says*
<• The friends and supporters of the Nebraska and Kan-
sas wet, when struggling on a recent occasion to sustain its
wifee provisions belore the gieat tubunal of the American
people, never differed about its true meaning on this sub-
ject. Everywhere throughout the Union they publicly
pledged their faith and honor that they would cheerfully
submit the question of slavery to the decision of the bona
fide people of Kanbas, without anv rest) iction or qualifica-
tion whatever. All were cordially united upon the great
doctrine of popular sovereignty, which is the vital princi-
ple of our fren institutions."
Mark this:
u I-Iad it then been insinuated, from any quarter, that it
would have been a sufficient compliance with the requisi-
tions of the organic law for the members of a convention,
thereafter to be elected, to withhold the question of slavery
from the people, and to substitute their own will for that
of a legally asceitained majonty of their constituents, this
would have been instantly rejected."
Yes, sir, and 1 will add further, had it been
then intimated from any quarter, and believed by
the American people, that we would have sub-
mitted the slavery clausc in such a manner as to
compel a man to vote for that which his con-
science did not approve, in order to vote on the
slavery clause, not only would the idea have been
rejected, but the Democratic candidate for the
Presidency would have been rejected; and every
man who backed him would have been rejected
too.
The President tells us in his message that the
whole party pledged ourfaith and our honor that
the slavery question should be submitted to the
people, without any restriction or qualification
whatever. Does this schedule submit it without
qualification? It qualifies it by saying, " You
may vote on slavery if you will vote for the con-
stitution; but you shall not do so without doing
that." That is a very important qualification—
a qualification that controls a man's vote and his
action and his conscience, if he is an honest man
—a qualification confessedly in violation of our
platform. We are told by the President that our
faith and our honor are pledged that the slave) y
clause should be submitted without qualification
of any kind whatever; and now am 1 to be called
upon to forfeit my faith and my honor in order
to enable a small minority of the people, of Kan-
sas to defraud the majority of that people out of
their elective fi anohise ? Sir, my honor is pledged;
and before it shall be tarnished, I will take what-
ever consequences personal to myself may come;
but never ask me to do an act which the Presi-
dent, m bis message, has said is a forfeiture of
faith, a violation of honoi,and that merely for
the expediency of saving the party. I will go as
far as any of you to save the party. I have as
much heart in the great cause that binds us
together as a pavty as any man living. I will sac-
rifice anything short of principle and honor for
the peace of the party; but if the party will not
stand by its principles, its faith, its pledges, I
will stand there,and abide whateverconsequences
may result from the position.
llet me ask you, why force this constitution
down the throats of the people of Kansas, m op-
position to their wishes and in violation of our
pledges. W hat great object is to he attained?
Cuihono? What are you to gam by it? Will
you sustain thA party by violating its principles?
Do you propose to keep the party united by
forcing a division ? Stand by the doctrine that
leaves the people perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their institutions for themselves in their
own way, and your party will be united and irre-
sistible in power. Abandon that great principle,
and the party is not worth saving, and cannot be
saved, aftei it shall be violated. I trust we are
not to be lushed upon this question. Why shall
it be done? Who is to be benefited5 Is the
South to be the gainer ? Is the North to be the
gainer? Neither the North nor the South has
the righttogainascctional ad vantage by trickery
or fraud.
Cut I am beseeched to wait until I hear from
the election on the 21st of December. I am told
that perhaps that will put it all right, and will
save the whole difficulty. How can it? Perhaps
there may be a large vote. There may be a large
vote returned. [Laughter.] But I deny that it
is possible to have a fair vote on the slavery
clause; and I say that it is not possible to have
any vote on the constitution. Why wait for the
mockery of an election, when it is provided un-
alterably that the people cannot vote—when the
majority are disfranchised?
But I am told on all sides, " Oh, just wait; the
pro-slavery clause will be voted down." That
does not obviate any of my objections; it does
not diminish any of them. You have no more
right to force a free-State constitution on Kansas
than aslave-State constitution. If Kansas wants
a slave-State constitution she has a right to it; if
she wants a free-State constitution she has a right
to it. It is none of my business which way the
slavery clause is decided. I care not whether it
is voted down or voted up. Do you suppose,
after the pledges of my honor that I would go
for that principle and leave the people to vote as
they choose, that I would now degrade myself
by voting one way if the slavery clause be voted
down, and another way if it be voted up? I care
not how that vote may stand. I take it for
granted that it will be voted out. I think I have
seen enough in the last three days to make it
certain that it will be returned out, no matter
how the vote may stand. [Laughter.]
Sir, I am opposed to that concern because it
looks to me like a system of trickery and jugglery
to defeat the fair expression of the will of the
people. There is no necessity for crowding this
measure, so unfair, so unjust as it is in all its
aspects, upon us. Why can we not now do
what we proposed to do in the last Congress ?
We then voted through the Senate an enabling
act, called " the Toombs bill," believed to be just
and fair in all its provisions, pronounced to be
almost perfect by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] only he did not like the man,
then President of the United States, who would
have to make the appointments. Why can we
not take that bill, and, out of compliment to the
President, add to it a clause taken from the Min-
nesota act, which he thinks should be a general
rule, requiring the constitution to be submitted
to the people, and pass that? That unites the
party. You all voted, with me, for that bill, at
the last Congress. Why not stand by the same
bill now? Ignore Lecompton, ignore Topeka,
treat both those party movements as irregular and
void; pass a fair bill—the one that we framed
ourselves when we were acting as a unit; have
a fair election, and you will have peace in the
Democratic party, and peace throughout the
country, in ninety days. The people want a fair
vote. They will never be satisfied without it.
They never should be satisfied without a fair
vote on their constitution.
If the Toombs bill does not suit my friends,
take the Minnesota bill of the last session—the
one so much commended by the President in his
message as a model. Let us pass that as an en-
abling act, and allow the people of all parties to
come together and have a fair vote, and I will go
for it. Frame any other bill that secures a fair,
honest vote to men of all parties, and carries out
the pledge that the people shall be left free to de-
cide on their domestic institutions for themselves,
and I will go with you with pleasure, and with
all the energy I may possess. But if this consti-
tution is to be forced down our throats, in viola-
tion of the fundamental piinciple of free govern-
ment, under a mode of submission that is a
mockery and insult, I will resist it to the last.
I have no fear of any party associations being
severed. I should regret any social or political
estrangement, even temporarily, but if it must
be, if I cannot act with you and preserve my
faith and my honor, I will stand on the great
principle of popular sovereignty, which declares
the right of ail people to be left perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions m
their own way. t will follow that principle
wherever its logical consequences may take me,
and I will endeavor to defend it against assault
from any and all quarters No mortal man shall
be responsible for my action but myself. By
my action I will compromit no man.
At the conclusion of the honorable gentleman's
speech loud applause and clapping of hands re-
sounded through the crowded galleries.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the galleries may be
cleared. The offenders against the peace and de-
corum of the Senate should be expelled. I move
that the galleries be cleared.
