66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
35th Cong....1st Sess'. Conflict between Religious Truth and American Infidelity
-Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
if no such laws existed; that all who enact, and |
all who support such enactments, make them- i
selves accessory to the crimes committed under
them, are guilty as such, and ought to be sub-
jected to the same punishment with those who
murder their slaves.
But this power of the master over the life of the
slave constitutes the vital element of the institu-
tion, without which slavery could not exist. It
is exercised wherever slavery is maintained. Ev-
ery master exercises the privilege of driving his
slave, in sickness or in health, just so severely as
he thinks will best subserve his own interests. It
is on this principle that slaveholders openly de-
clare it profitable to work theirslaves so hard as to |
produce the death of the whole gang on an average
of five years upon sugar plantations, and of seven
upon cotton plantations; and to supply their places
by other victims imported from the slave-breed-
ing States. Prom official documents, it is esti-
mated that thirty thou sand human victims are thus
sacrificed annually within the United States and
Territories. I
In the slave States it is not uncommon to see j
advertisements in the public papeis offering a j
bounty for the head of a particular slave, who has !
absconded from his master. Even in Ohio, during
the past year, a Government olHcial deliberately j
murdered an absconding slave, and is yet pro- j
tected from the gallows by those who administer :
the State laws in the county were the murder was
perpetrated. Our Federal troops are often em-
ployed in the work of murdering those who arc
supposed to be fugitive slaves. A signal instance
of this character occurred many ycais since. In
a time of profound pi ace, General Jackson di-
rected our Army to invade Florida, at that time
a province of Spain, for the purpose of murdering
a people who were born free, but whose ancestors
had been slaves; and in one day nearly three hun-
dred men, women, and children, were barbarously '
and wantonly murdered by American troops.
This system of murder is encouraged and main-
tained by the present Kxecutive, and by all who
support his Administration. They insist that the
people of a State or Tei ntory may rightfully enact !
laws giving to one man power over the life of his
fellow-men who have committed no offense; that
opularsovereignty is not limited by Clod's higher '
aw; that it extends with propriety over the life,
the liberty, and the happiness of a portion of the :
human family; that the whites may, with moral
impunity, subject the colored people of a State
or Territory to degrading servitude, close up the
windows of their souls, shut out knowledge from 1
their understanding, hold them in ignorance, and
murder them if they assert the rights which God
has given them.
This infidelity, within the last half century, has
consigned more than a million of innocent and
unoffending victims to untimely graves. The
number is far greater than has perished under the
infidelity of France in all past time. But this com-
parison of American with French infidelity does
groat injustice to the latter. In France, the vic-
tims were sent to the guillotine under pretense
that it was necessary for the 'pv.hllc safety. They
Buffered hut little: there was no flogging, no tor- j
ture. Rut American infidelity consigns its vic-
tims to years of torture and suffering, and finally
to death, for no higher purpose than to gratify
the sordid passions of their individual oppressors.
These wholesale murders are but the outwork-
ings of that infidelity winch denies that God has
endowed all men wall the inalienable right to live.
The enactments referred to, and their results,
clearly demonstrate the views of those who sus-
tain them, and are laboring in this Hall, and else-
where, to extend them over our Territories, and
wherever Congress holds exclusive jurisdiction.
It is must obvious, that while the present Ad min-
istration openly lends its influence to such crimes,
eveiy intelligent man who sustains and upholds
its policy, or fails to oppose it so far as able, be-
comes involved m the guilt of the murders which
it sanctions.
But I shall be told that these enactments are
confined to the slave States, and that Congress
holds no power to repeal or modify them. I re-
ply that the people and statesmen of our southern
States insist that slaveholders may carry their
slaves, and all privileges which they hold of flog-
f*
Is
ging and murdering them under State laws, into
our'Territories; and the President, and those who
sustain him, declare that the Constitution extends
and protects these crimes wherever Federal author-
ity exists. They declare that this system of mur-
der is established by the Federal Constitution;
that neither Congress nor the people of the Ter-
ritories have the right to punish those who perpe-
trate such crimes. Not content with this avowal
of doctrine, however, we are at this time sustain-
ing a code of laws for the government of this Dis-
trict which holds to the blasphemy that men may
become the property of their fellow-men—may be
bought and sold like swine. In these, and in other
modes, is the transcendent question of Christian-
ity, or slaveholding heathenism, made the absorb-
ing political issue in the nation.
But I shall be told that the Supreme Court of
the United States have decided that our fathers
did not intend to avow those self-evident truths
which they solemnly proclaimed; that they really
held to the doctrines of slavery which they did
not avow. Our fathers could 110 more change
the Ictw of eternal right and wrong than we can.
The ordained will of Heaven has existed through
the eternity of the past, and will continue through
all the future. Men may conform to this law, but
they can never modify it or make it conform to
the human will. Our fathers sought to make 110
such modification of the Creator's law.
Had such infidelity characterized their action,
it would have imposed 110 obligation upon the
present generation to sustain this system of mur-
der. They have passed to that tribunal which
will do them justice. They must answer for their
conduct; we must account to God and posterity
for our own stewardship, and not for theirs. God,
through all his works, 111 all his laws, by every
revelation to man, lias prohibited in from mur-
dering our fellow-bemgs; and woe to the nation,
to the statesman, the legislator, the despot, the
oligarch, the murderer, who disregards this law
oftlie Most High! 1 feel humbled and morti-
fied when I see statesmen, ministers, teacheis of
lebgion, in this land of bibles and Sabbaths and
churches, maintain the doctrine that human au-
1 thority can repeal this law of Heaven. To me, it
is downright blasphemy; derogatory to the char-
acter of the Creator and offensive to the religious
sense of mankind. Vet, this absurdity is the le-
gitimate outworking of that infidelity which de-
| nies " that God has endowed nil men with inalien-
j able rights." If He has endowed our race with
1 any right whatever, it surely is the right to live.
If this right be denied, 110 other can be acknowl-
edged. I f there be exceptions to this central, this
universal proposition, that all men, without re-
spect to complexion or condition, hold from the
Creator the right to live, who shall determine
what portion of the community shall be slain ?
Anil who may perpetrate the murders? The Ex-
ecutive and his supporters say that white men
may murder black men. The'blacks deny this;
God and Christianity and nature, and all teli-
gious, all just, all moral men, deny it.
Yet this denial of the right of men to live, con-
stitutes the mildest and least offensive phase of
American infidelity. No intelligent person would
desire to have the life of his body prolonged for
the purpose of being subjected to physical torture,
while his intellect shall be paralyzed, his soul en-
shrouded in ignorance, and his moral nature bru-
talized. Therefore the right toenjoy liberty,phys-
ical, moral, civil, and religious, is regarded even
more important than life. Indeed, it is obvious
p that life itself cannot bo protected unless the ill-
dividual be permitted to support and defend the
'■ physical existence with which God has endowed
] him.
] Religious and reflecting men regard the body as
' j merely the temporary habitation of the spirit, the
' soul which constitutes the man; to be occupied dur-
1 ing its infant state of existence, and used for the
purpose of developing the mental faculties extend-
| ing the sphere of thought and elevating his moral
: nature, thereby preparing him for a higher and
! holier state of existence. And when thebody shall
1; have performed this service, it is laid aside to
; molder and return to its mother earth, while the
i spirit shall live on and on while God himself
j! exists. No injury to the body can, therefore,
! i bear any comparison to the enslavement of the
intellect, the degradation of the moral nature of
man.
By the established laws of our existence, the
body requires food, raiment, and habitation. To
each individual are given limbs to bear him forth
from place to place; hands to cultivate and gather
the fruits of the earth, to feed the body, provide
raiment and habitation for its protection; eyes to
guide him, and ears to detect danger. These are
all held in subjection to the mind, and are put in
operation only by the will of the individual. The
mind itself is constrained to action by an inflexible
law which God has ordained for its earl y unfolding.
Its first care is to nourish, and feed, and clothe
the body, to render it a comfortable and pleasant
habitation during occupancy. The spirit is con-
strained, in seeking food, to put the limbs, and
hands, and all the physical faculties into opera-
tion to satisfy the hunger and thirst of the body,
to provide raiment and habitation for its protec-
tion. That God has endowed each member of
, the human family with the inherent and inalien-
able right to use his own limbs and hands and
bodily faculties for these purposes is, literally, a
' " self-evident truth." Tt is a truth that cannot be
rendered more clear by argument; its force cannot
be increased by logic, or made more beautiful by
eloquence. But this care of the body constitutes
the first lesson, the lowest exercise of the intellect,
and is introductory to that eternal unfoldment
which was designed by the Creator as the means
of elevating man to higher and still higher happi-
ness; for I iay it down as a religious axiom that ill
degree as man becomes wise, just, pure, and truth-
ful, he approximates that happiness which c#nsti-
tutes the final design of his existence.
That God has endowed every human being with
the right thus to enlarge this sphere of thought,
and elevate his moral nature, is so obviously, so
self-evidently true, that he must indeed beamost
arrant infidel who denies it. It constitutes a part
of the fundamental proposition that " all men are
endowed by their Creator with inalienable rights."
' Its existence is, however, denied by "American
infidels;" and this constitutes the second collat-
eral issue between the religious and irreligious
portions of our people. This enslavement of the
soul presents infidelity in its most revolting fea-
tures. It paralyzes the moral nature of man; ren-
ders the soul sterile and unprepared for heaven.
We must wait the day of final retribution to dis-
close the extent of its enormities.
Yet the body can only be held in bondage by
enslaving the spirit, by surrounding it with mental
darkness. Permit a man to understand the duties
which he owes to himself, to mankind, and to
God,and he cannot beaslave. Hence, the whole
policy of slaveholding governments is arranged
: and adapted to the purpose of first enslaving the
minds of their bondmen. In most slaveholding
communities it is a statutory offense, punishable
by fine and imprisonment, to teach slaves to read
the gospel. They are not permitted to read the
words of " Him who spake as never man spake;"
who declared His mission on earth " to proclaim
liberty to the captive;" to raise up the bowed down;
enlighten the ignorant; who taught His disciples
and followers " to do unto others as they would
have others do unto them." A distinguished ju-
rist of North Carolina, while discharging official
duties, declared, " a slave is one doomed in his
own person and posterity to live vrilhov.l knowl-
edge." He is not permitted to understand the
object of human existence. He can have no con-
ception of justice, or wisdom, or purity, or truth.
Slaves can have no correct idea of the duties
i which children owe to their parents; nor of those
| which are due from parents to children. The
parent is not permitted to teach or govern his
child; nor is the child permitted to honor or obey
his parent.
It follows that the freedom of speech must be
restricted among the free people of slaveholding
communities. The public mind must be there
enslaved in order to maintain the institution, and
no man be permitted to assert the doctrines I have
s referred to. They are not permitted publicly to
; utter the truths which lie at the basis of our Gov-
; crnment. The policy of those communities is to
| circumscribe human thought, prevent a knowl-
edge of the duties which men owe to themselves
and to their fellow-men. This policy was for
