1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
35th Cong.... 1st Sess. Conflict between .Religious Truth and American Infidelity—Mr. Giddings. Ho. op Reps.
many years enforced in this body. Members
were prohibited from speaking of the crimes and
iniquilies of slavery, lest the people should under-
stand the subject, and refuse to sustain such infi-
del ity .
The right of legal marriage is unknown among
the slaves. They are not permitted to understand
the relation nor the duties of husband and wife.
The master sells him who is called husband, or
her who calls herself wife, while he retains the
other. He sells the parent, and retains the child;
or he sells the child, and retains tlie parent. These
separations are but the practical workings of that
infidelity which denies to parents and children
those inalienable rights which God and nature
have bestowed upon them.
Slaves can have no proper conception of the
rights of property. Robbed of their own earn-
ings, told they have no claims to the food which
they gather, it were impossible for them to con-
ceive of any such right in others. Nor is it pos-
sible thatsuch a state of society could exist among
our southern population without greatly affecting
the morals of the free people. Indeed, the exist-
ence of three millions of slaves among six mil-
lions of free people must, of necessity, character-
ize the morality of the entire population. One
of the prominent vices of slaveholding communi-
ties is the rapid amalgamation of races. The evi-
dence of this vice meets the eye of the traveler at
every step in his progress through our southern
States.
The legitimate heir of a plantation, on coming
into possession of his estate, often sells the chil-
dren of his father—his brothers and sisters of the
half blood—denying that they " have any rights
which white men are bound to respect." This
infidelity denies the right of six hundred thousand
females of our land to protect their own'virtue and
consigns them to practical prostitution. Thisstate
of society is but the outworking of that infidelity
which denies the existence of man's inalienable
right to liberty and to moral elevation.
It would be in vain for us to say to the Christ-
ians of Europe, or even the Mohammedans of
Turkey, that religious men of our country support
such a system of pollution. Yet thousands of
church members, m the slave States, impiously
charge Deity with authorizing these crimes, and
sacrilegiously endeavor to pervert the holy Scrip-
tures to the support of this infidelity. Newspapers
professedly religious lend a silent, and some an
active, support to these crimes; while others, even
in our free States, openly oppose and denounce
all who resist the extension, or expose the enor-
mities, of slavery.
The number of heart-broken mothers, and the
torture which tliey suffer on being sepaiated from
their children, the physical suffering from flog-
gings, thumbscrews, and all the various means of
torture practiced in slaveholding communities, are
matters of which we enn speak, but of which we
can form no estimate. This degradation and suf-
fering constitute the legitimate sequence of Amer-
ican infidelity. If these God-given prerogatives
of our race be abandoned, the mother can have no
right to the child of her body; no right to the food
which she gathers by her toil; no right to the in-
tellect which God has given her; no right to be
virtuous, pure, wise, and good; no right to live.
I repeat that the religious men of our nation insist
that these rights of human nature shall be held
sacred, and their enjoyment secured to every in-
dividual; while the supporters of American infi-
delity deny then-existence, and proclaim the duty
of human governments to disregard them; and
each party will, of course, carry their views into
their moral, social, and political conduct. Mr.
Jefferson well exclaimed: " Can the liberties of a
natioii be thought becure when we have destroyed their
only firm basisf a conviction in the minds of the
people that they are the gifts of God ''—that thev
are not to be violated but with hls wrath ?"
1 now pass to the third collateral issue—the
right of all men to enjoy happiness. I need not re-
peat that the ultimate beatitudQ of the race con-
stituted the evident design of Deity m creating
mankind. Such I understand to be the instinct-
ive conviction of all men. This purpose, this
hope, tins intuition, is found in every human
heart. Men in all ages, in all countries, of all
languages, have regarded this as the ultimate ob-
ject of their toils and labors, the great design of
their existence. This beatitude can only be at-
tained by moral culture; by extending the sphere
of thought; by understanding the laws of nature,
and of nature's God; by attaining a knowledge
of His attributes, and conforming to them. To
be wise, truthful, pure, and just, is to insure hap-
piness in this life, and in the life to come; and it
is a most beautiful feature in the law of our being,
that to attain this happiness ourselves, we must
respect the right of others to enjoy it; that, as
we elevate our own moral natures we necessarily
influence others; and as we labor for the welfare
and the happiness of others, we most rapidly
piomote our own. The religious man delights
in doing good; he seeks to instruct the ignorant,
to elevate the degraded, to relieve the oppressed,
to enlighten those wiio sit in moral darkness, to
give to all that elevation of soul which alone can
qualify them for happiness. For this purpose
schools and academies are established, colleges
are founded, tract and Bible and missionary so-
cieties are organized, teachers and ministers are
employed; indeed, this work of elevating our
race constitutes the highest and holiest employ-
ment of mankind. For success in this work,
prayer is daily made at every family altar; and on
the Sabbath our pulpits resound with the solemn,
fervent supplication, that God will aid this work;
that He will, by the irresistible power of His
grace, convert the irreligious, enlighten those
whose minds are enshrouded in the darkness of
infidelity; that He will relieve the oppressed, com-
fort the afflicted, and hasten the day when all shall
know His will, obey His law, and enjoy His
favor.
The infidelity which denies the right of men to
attain happiness, that dooms a portion of our race
to degradation and torture, to vice and crime and
misery, which shuts out hope from the human
soul, shocks the conscience and awakens the sen-
sibilities of all religious men.
While Government legislates for the protection
of these natural, these God-given rights, they
will receive the approval, the support, of all good
men, and their laws will be respected and obeyed;
but when they legislate for the invasion of these
rights, they call up the hostility, the resistance
of those whom they seek to oppress. The just
and wise and pure of all parties, sects, and de-
nominations, feel the outrage and sympat hize with
the down-trodden. The great heart of Christen-
dom now beats in sympathy with the enslaved of
our land. We feel that sympathy in this Hall;
and when we speak for justice and for freedom,
we utter the voice of nature; we proclaim the law
of Heaven, written in letters of living light upon
the tablet of the moral universe.
The difficulties respecting Kansas, which now
shake our Union to its very center, constitute the
legitimate outworlcings of this infidelity. The
right of all men in Kansas to live, to nourish and
proteet life, attain moral elevation and happiness,
had been asserted by congressional law; and un-
der this enactment peace blessed our nation. In-
fidels, however, said this was wrong; that such
rights did not pertain to man; that one portion of
the people there hold the power, and may if they
choose rightfully enslave another, rob them of their
toil, their intelligence, their hopes, their man-
hood, and murder them if they refuse to obey their
masteis. And this law of liberty was repealed,
and men were enslaved, brutalized, sold like
swine. The public conscience was outraged, and
all good men sympathized with the oppiessed.
Usurpation and brute foice were resorted to for
the purpose of extending and supporting slavery;
civil war, devastation and blood shed followed, and
will continue until justice be done, and the rights
of human nature enjoyed in that unfortunate Ter-
ritory.
This line of demarkation, which separates the
natural rights of all men from human legislation,
was clearly drawn by the founders of our Repub-
lic. They established the point at which the ap-
propriate, the just powers of all human govern-
ments commence, whatever may be their form.
They defined the boundaries of human authority;
they acknowledged God as the author of life, the
donor of liberty, the fountain from which human
happiness is derived. On the denial of these re-
ligious, these self-evident truths, Anglican sla-
very is founded. The slaveholder denies the right
of his slave to cherish and protect his own life,
to gain intelligence, to unfold his moral nature, to
understand God's attributes, and enjoy that hap-
piness for which he was created. To those primal
truths he is infidel. To the rights of his fellow-
mortal he is infidel. To God's higher law he is
infidel. Against these he wages unceasing war.
He seeks to rob Deity of His attributes, and man
of his God-given prerogatives. He claims for
human legislation that supreme sovereignty over
the life, the liberty, and the happiness of man-
kind, which belongs only to the Creator. He
thus places himself in hostility to Christianity, to
civilization.
This contest is not confined to the United States.
These truths are operating upon the hearts of the
Russian people. Their Government is in advance
of ours. Measures have already been taken for
the emancipation of the serfs of that vast Empire,
although their condition is far better than that of
American slaves. Holland is also moved by these
doctrines, and is giving freedom to her oppressed
people in her West India islands. England and
France have abolished slavery, regarding it as an
institution unsuited to the age in which we live.
We assert the rights of man wherever he exists.
Ours is the cause of Christian civilization through-
out the world. Our doctrines apply with equal
force to other Governments, to other nations and
people. The most illustrious monarch who sways
the scepter of human power is really as much
bound to respect the inalienable rights of every
individual as is the President of the United States.
Kings, potentates, and emperors,become despots
whenever they invade the rights of the most hum-
ble to life, liberty, property, or happiness.
The mere name of " republicanism" gives us
no claim to respect, so long as one sixth part of
our population is held in degrading bondage. I
assert, without fear of contradiction, that if the
liberty enjoyed by one portion of our people, and
the slavery suffered by the other, could be brought
into common stock, and each individual con-
strained to take his aliquot proportion of each,
ours would be regarded as the most perfect des-
potism among civilized nations. The only ad-
vantage which we possess over other nations con-
sists m that feature of our Government which
vests all political power in the people. They mav,
by use of the ballot-box, so modify and shape ttie
administration of Government as best to secure
the inalienable rights of each and of every indi-
vidual.
It is with emotions of gratitude to God, and
profound respect for the memory of those who
established our Republic, that we refer to the pe-
riod when, at the very font of our national bap-
tism, ourfathersvindicated theirclaimsto national
independence, solely upon the religious truths
which constitute the central proposition referred
to at the commencement of my remarks. They
claimed for themselves no special privileges. They
spoke, they fought, they bled to establish this
universal, this eternal principle of man's right
to live, to nourish his body, protcct his life, to
elevate his moral nature, and attain happiness.
This they proclaimed the basis, the corner stone,
not merely of our Republic, but of human Gov-
ernments generally. The Constitution wasframed
and adopted upon this then universally admit-
ted principle; but such was the anxious solici-
tude of our early patriots that, in two years after
its adoption, it was amended, by declaring in ex-
plicit language: " That no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, except by due process of
law;" that is, except on trial and conviction be-
fore some judicial tribunal. In accordance with
these truths one half of the States of our Union
proceeded to give liberty to all their people, to
protect the inalienable rights of all; but the other
States embraced and cherished this infidelity
which has at length infused itself into our Federal
Government. Our teachers, our politicians, our
statesmen, became unwilling to offend those who
had embraced this infidelity. They were received
I into churches, elected to civil office, and finally
j obtained control of the Government. _ All classes
| of men became affected by this disbelief in God's
; lav/ and in human rights. It was regarded fta
i disreputable to examine the Crimea which this
| system of sppreosiqn upheld; social and political
