THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY", MAY 15, J858.
New Series No. 134.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the gentleman did
not hear the Senator from Vermont, who stated
that that question was not put m issue.
Mr. PUGH. I know what I presume the Sen-
ator from Vermont means to say: that because
the plea was, "not guilty," therefore there was
not a formal issue made up, as in special plead-
ing.
Mr. SIMMONS. He said there was no issue
about the rightfulness of the seizure; but that the
decision wsb on the ground that the commodore
was doing his duty, and should not be held per-
sonally responsible.
Mr. PUGf-I. That could not be.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what the Senator
from Vermont said. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. PUGH. It could not be, for this obvious
reason: the Government of the United States has
never authorized any of its agents to do an illegal
act. The act was either legal or illegal. If it was
legal, it was the act of the principal through the
agent, and then the plaintiff has no claim. If it
was illegal, the proper remedy was against the
Commodore. Now, we often pass laws—in a
case which happened m New Mexico we passed
one—to indemnify a public officer for an illegal
seizure already made. It was thought, m consid-
eration of the circumstances, that we ought to as-
sume it; but that is a question of discretion for
the Government, m every instance We could
not have been bound to do it. I think it was done
for .Colonel Mitchell, in the case of Mitchell vs.
Harmony. We could or could not have done it.
We did it in that instance. In this case, if the
seizure was legal, it was the act of the United
States; if it was illegal, it was the act of the of-
ficer, and nobody else. The officer was prose-
cuted for doing an illegal act, and that question
was tried by the jury and by the court; and I do
not care what the form of the pleading was, the
point which was decided—the legal effect and
consequence of the verdict, and of the judgment
upon the verdict—was, that the seizuie was legal;
that it divested the title of the plaintiff; that he
had lost his title by violating the laws of the Uni-
ted States.
This being the case, by whntauthority does the
Court of Claims reverse the judgment of another
court—of a court which had jurisdiction, which
had the parties before it, which had the witnesses
before it, and which had a jury impanneled to
try the issue of fact? it is an assumption of power
which the Court of Claims has not. And when
gentlemen complain that we reverse the Couit of
Claims, I say that the Court of Claims has re-
versed another court, which had more thorough
jurisdiction; and I say that the verdict itself was
evidence of the fact—not only evidence in favor
of Commodore McDonough m any subsequent
prosecution, but was evidence in favor of the Uni-
ted States; for a verdict not only binds the parties,
but it binds the privies, as they are called in law;
and inasmuch as the United States could only act
through him, and not through any other instru-
ment, the moment the court decided that he was
not guilty, they decided that the United States
were not guilty.
Therefore, 1 think this man has no claim. I do
not know what the amount is; I do not care; but
1 know that there are no less than twenty or
thirty decisions of the Court of Claims, which i
have observed before the Senate and before the
House of Representatives during this Congress,
which involve the same incorrect proposition of
law, to wit: that where the United States act by
an agent, and can act m no other manner, although
the agent has been acquitted, or although the
agent is protected by law, it amounts to nothing;
thev can still come at the United States through
the'Court of Claims. I say that is not the law,
in my judgment. If other gentlemen of the legal
profession"think differently, and can convince me
of it, I shall be happy to change my opinion; but
that is not my present impression. I believe the
United States are not liable, and therefore, for
one, 1 shall vote against the bill.
134
.;s, King, I'
/
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and, on the question,
" shall the bill pass5 "
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
j yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodcrick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Crittenden, Dixon, Foot, Fostei, Ilaiian, Jverson, Polk,
Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuait, Ti umbull, and Wade—
17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. flavard, Benjamin, Brown, Clay.
Fossenden, Fitz,paluck, Giuen, Hammond, Henderson,
Houston. Hunter. Johnson of* Aikaii-as. Jones, King, .Pugh;
Shdell. Toombs, Wilson, and Wnght—*20.
So the bill was rejected.
JOHN ERICSSON.
The Senate, in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. C. C. No. 90) for
the relief of John Ericsson.
It provides for the payment to John Ericsson
of the sum of $13,930, m full for the balance due
him for services in planning the United States war
steamer Princeton, and planning and superintend-
ing the construction of her machinery.
"Mr. STUART. When this bill was up before
1 I called for the reading of the report in the case,
' and if I remember aright, it covered the opinion
i of the Court of Claims. The claim struck me as
I being wro«g, and I objected to it. I should like
1 to hear the report read again, as being perhaps
■ the best presentation of the case.
; The Secretary read the opinion of the Court of
; Claims as delivered by Judge Scarburgh, as fol-
; lows:
| " By an act of Congress approved March 3, 1839, it was
i made ' the duly of thu Secretaiy oi ihe Navy, undci the di-
! ieetmn of thu Pie-adent, to make prepai'itions foi, and to
j commence, the conduction ot three steam vessels ot war,
I on such models as shall he most apptoved, accoidiug to the
| best advice? they can obtain, oi to complete the eonsirue-
i tion of one such vessel of war. upon a model  o appio\cd as
; in the opinion of the President, shall be beet foi the pubkc
i interest, and mo^t coniounable to the demands of the public
I service ;s and to enable tnu Depaitment to cany into effect
this requueiaent, an appropriation of $300,000, subject to
ceitain restiietious, was made.—o Stat, ct Large, eh. !&,
9 p. 30 !•
u I'y an act of Congress, approved July 20, A D. 3 810, a
stmilai appiopnation of the further sum of .5310,000 wis
made, foi the puipose of completing the two steam vessels
which had been commenced.
" By an a"t of Congress approved Maieh 3, A. I) 1S11,
an appropriation of the furthei sum of §100,00') was made,
to he expended in building and equipping war steamers of
medium size
"On the lltli day of September, A. I). 1811, the Seere-
taty of the Navy, by a letter ol that date, addressed to the
piesidcntofthe Navy boaul. dnocted the board of Navy com-
missioner to cau-e to be built two steam vessels of war—
one on Captain Stockton's plan, not exceeding -ix hundred
tons ; and one on that of Lieu tenant Hunter, not to exceed
three hundred tons. Afterwards the acting Secretary of the
Navv, by a letter dated the day of September, A. D.
1341. addressed to Captain It. F. Stockton, United States
Navy, mfoimed him of the dueaton«s which had been given
to the boatd of Navy commissioners, and ordeied hun to
superintend the building of the steamer of six hundred tons,
under tne direction ot the commandant of the navv-vard
at Philadelphia. making to hun, from tine to time, duiing
the progre-s of the vvoik, such suggestions as he (Captain
Stockton') might think ptopcr.
" Capuni Stockton, in a Icttei addressed by lum to the
petitioner, uated October 2, A. 1). 18-11, evpies-ed a wi-h
to -ee and e inverse with him on the subject of the con-
-lnicfioii ot the steamship the building of which he had
leceued ordeis to juipcunti nd. An interview took place
between th> m. and ('aptam Stockton, in a letter to the pe-
tinonei.dat'd the bth day o! Oetobei. A. D. loMl, tequest-
ed the petUionei to make the dialings of a ship with the
dimoiit'ons they had previously spoken of !u -uh-.emi'nir
lett<us. mail.ed in the printed document (' Evlnbit A;) on
tile in tins case, £No. 16.' 'No. I"/.-1 *No. lb,' and 4 No.
10.: Captain Stockton cave the petitioner furthei and mote
pai tieniar n -mictions m repaid to the drawing-- whi<-h he
desued him to make. The petitioner complied with the
leqaestof Captain Stockton m all lespect-. and, m con-
formity thei-'to. made the dtawmgs and pcrform-d thet^ci-
vices apoeihed m k Schedule A,' to he found m the punted
document a'tove mentioned.
'• The ship Princeton w a- conducted accoidmg to thc^e
dt awmgs, and the result was entu elv satisfactory to Captain
Stockton, a*id highly advantageous to the United State-
Captain Stockton leported hei to the Secietaty of the Navy
as c a full-ri :ged ship of eieiu t-peed and power, able to pei
form anv sc-vic-e that can be exp'-cted from a ship of wai '
— See ' Sche lule M' of 4 Kiiubit -i *
v'* Un the 31th day of Match, A I) l>-44, the petitioner pre-
pentnd his claim (• Schedule A" of ' Exhibit for com-
pensation for his set vices to the Secretary of the Navy; and
oil the 11th day of May, A. D., 1&4 i, u was lejected, on the
ground that Captain Stockton, in a letter to the Secretary
of the Navy, had stated as follows : ' In regard to Captain
Ericsson's bill, which was sent to me at the same time, I
must say that, with all my desire to serve him, I cannot
appiove his bill; it is in direct violation of our agreement,
as far as it is to be considered a legal claim upon the De-
partment.'—See c Schedule of iExhibit  #.'
" In a subsequent letter from Captain Stockton to the
Seeretaiy of the Navy, he fuither stated:1 That it has given
nie great pleasure to acknowledge, upon all proper occa-
sions, the services of Captain Ericsson's mechanical skill
in carrying out my well-intended efforts for the benefit of
the count!}*.' ****** ' I have mvari
ably given him to understand, in the most distinct manner,
whenever the subject was alluded to, that f had no author-
ity A 0111 the Government to employ him ; and that if he re-
ceived anything, that it must be altogether gratuitous on the
pait of the Government; that, considering the preatoppor-
tunity that he, as an inventor, would have to introduce his
patents to the wot Id by the aid of the funds of the Govern-
ment, I did not think it propei for him to make a charge for
then application to the Princeton ; m all of which he lias
concuued, as far as f know, up to the time of the present-
ment ot this extiaoidmary bill.'—See ' JJB> of ' Exhibit
si.*
u In a lettei fiom Captain Stockton to the petitioner, writ-
ten in July, A. D. 1S41, he says : ' In making up the esti-
mate for the cost of the ship, it will be necessary to consider
what must be putdown foi the use of your patent light. It
will be necessary, theicfore, for you to write me a letter
stating youi views on that subject. As a great effort has
been made to get a ship built foi the experiment, I think you*
had better •say to me m yonr letter that your charge will
hereafter he (if the expenment should prove successful)
 ; but, as this is the first trial on so huge a scale, I am
at hbeity to use the patents, and after the ship is tried, Gov-
ernment may pav for then use m that ship whatever sum
they may deem proper.' In reply to this letter, the poti-
lionei. m a k-Uei to Captain Stockton, dated the 28th day
of July, A D 1841, said: * T have dulyieeeived your com-
munication on the subject of my patent right lot the ship
propellor and semi-eylindtical steam-engine; in reply to
winch [ beg to propose that, 111 ca^e these inventions should
be applied to your intended steam frigate, all considerations
relating to my charge for patent right bq deferred until after
the completion and inal of the said patent propeller and
steam machinery Should their success b" such as to induce
Government to continue the use of the patents for the Navy,
J submit that I am entitled to some remuneration ; but, con-
sidering the hbei ahty that thus enables me to have the utility
ol the patents tested on a veiy huge --cale, and the advant-
ages which cannot tail to be denved m consequence, [ beg
to state that wheuevei the efficiency of the intended ma-
chinery of your steam fngate shall have been duly tested,
I shall" be satisfied with whatever sum you may please to
iecommend,orthe Government sees ht to pa\ tor the patent
light.''—Sec ( No. 12' and 1 No. 13' of'- Exhibit
•' Fn a letter fiom Captain Stockton to the Secretary of
the Navy, dated Febiuarv?. A. D. 1853, he refers to this let-
tei ofiMayOO, A. D. 1&44, and, amongst other thing-, says :
* In that letter f stated the natuie of Captain Encs^nn'-s ser-
vices and the extent of the Department's obligation to him.
and admitted hHKlaim to such compensation from the Gov-
ern ment as, undci the cneumstances, be may be. entitled to.
l" - Time and reflection have not dnmni-hed, but lather
increased, in\ estimate of the natuie of Captain Ericsson's
sei vices, and I have now the honoi to reiterate my former
opinion, and fniiher to say, that the Government should
make him a fair and reasonable compensation for his time
ami expenses while engaged in supei intending the construc-
tion ot the Punceton's machtneiy,' &c.
iiThe ^eiviees lendeied by the petitioner were reason-
ably worth the amount chaiged by him, to wit: the sum of
$J.1,0b0.—See the deposition of Charles Jf~. Copelavd.
"The que-tion now presented for our consideration is,
whethei, under these circumstances, the petitioner is en-
titled to relief. He has shown that it had been determined
by the pioper auihouiy, in puisuanc° of law, to build the
steamer Piniceton. and that, to effect that object on the plan
proposed, and on which she was m fact constructed, the
very services rendered by the petitioner, to be peiformed
either bv him or f-ome other poison, weie indispensable. It
is tiwsted, however, that the set vices of the petitioner were
rendeied giatuitonsly. If this be true, then thu petitioner's
claim cannot he sustained. _ ^
'■ In f uppo;t of the proposition that the petittonei?s ser-
vices were rendeied giatuitoiislv. it is usged. fust, that he
was not employed by an\ peison dulj authonzed to employ
him ; and, second, that the teatimotiv of Captain Stockton
i-, direct and positive that they weie thus rendered. Nemo
pricmmitur dor,are: and this maxim applies with great foree
to a ease like the present, where the object on which the
bounty to b.-> bo.-to wed i-= a great and powerful Government,
in j;osse6 ioii of abundant means lor all us legitimate pur-
po-es.
•• That the determination to build the learner Pnnceton,
picet-sclv on the plan oil which she was built, was made by
the pioper autlionty, under an adequate appropriation, is
not ai-putcd. and is. in fact, indisputable. It is equally (dear
that it w.b not expected that her eon>nuc?Km cou.f. he ef-
fected without an outlay of mone>. In older to carry out
the oh|oei contemplated", u was necessaivtoemploy pioper
agent-, and to invest ihom with the authontv leqm-.te tor
the purpo-o Aeeord'tigiy we find the Secreta'v ot the
Na\ v I'lvm" older* to Captain Stockton to superintend the
buddul" of~the steamer under the dueeuou of the com-
mandant of the navv-yaid at Philadelphia, and to make to
him, from tune to time, during the progiess of the work,
such suggestions as he might think pioper. If, then, this
order was obeyed, bhe was lawlully built, and everything
