68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 4,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hammond.
Senate.
S:
ostracism awaited tho man who dared speak dis-
respectfully of its iniquities.
Eventually individuals appeared who were will-
ing to encounter odium m order to arouse the re-
ligious and moral sensibilities of the nation, and
in 1856, a national convention met at Philadelphia
to devise means for overcoming this moral and
political scourge. The members pledged them-
selves to each other and to the world, to maintain
the truths to which I have alluded, and they now
constitute the platform of a large and increasing
political party.
That day witnessed the dawning of a reforma-
tion more deep, more radical, more important in
its religious, its moral, its social and political ef-
fects upon mankind, than has occurred since the
sixteenth century. It is more deep and radical
than that commenced by Calvin and his colabor-
ers. It asserts the right of man to religious and
moral elevation as superior to the power of kings
or human Governments. The great reformers of
that age dared put forth no such doctrine. Their
lives would have constituted the price of such an
avowal. They were constrained to admit the
divine right of kings over the liberties of their
people, and many of the usurped powers of the
church.
The Philadelphia convention will be remem-
bered in coming time as first in the history of the
political parties of our nation to make religious
truths the basis of its political action, and first to
roclaim these rights of mankind as universal, to
e enjoyed equally, by princes and people, by
rulers and the most humble. [twasthe first to pro-
claim tho fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man. The result of the presidential election of
1856 allowed the advocates of oppression that
there was but one alternative for them to pursue.
They were constrained to take distinct issue with
the advocates of libertyby denyingthese religious
truths, or disband their party in every frecfState.
The Supreme Court was selected the instru-
ment for officially avowing this undisguised infi-
delity. That tribunal was favorably constituted
for such tj, purpose; a majority of its members
were slaveholders. Other members had been
appointed to ollice apparently on account of their
uniform servility to the slave power; and every
circumstance combined to render it the appropri-
ate instrument for performing this work. The
time, too, was a matter of importance. No sooner
had the Thirty-Fourth Congress adjourned, than
a majority of that tribunal, m violation of its own
declared rules, digressed from the question before
them, to utter its denial of those doctrines of the
republican fathers.
Hut this decision, opposed as it is to the self-
evident truths of our Declaration of Independence,
to the lellrr and spirit of the Constitution, to the
intelligence and conscience of the American peo-
ple, is emphatically repudiated by them. The
vanity and arrogance exhibited by a majoiity uf
the court in charging Hancock and Adams and
Jefferson and Franklin, and their illustrious com-
peers, with proclaiming doctrines winch they did
not intend to express, and of failing to utter prin-
ciples which they intended to avow, has called
forth from the popular mind indignant pity for the
court, rather than doubts as to the intelligence and
Christianity of those savans who founded our in-
stitutions.
I shall not argue the absurdity of this decision.
Its falsehood is us self-evident as the truths which
it denies. Arriving at tho conclusion that the
sages who signed our Declaration of Independence
meant precisely the opposite of that which they
solemnly proclaimed, the court proceeded to de-
clare—in contradiction to its letter and spirit, to
the history of the age, to the conscience and judg-
ment of all Christian people—that black men wore
regaidcd as having no rights which white men
wen.' bound to respect; and on this basis founded
their conclusion that Congress has no constitu-
tional authority to protect the lives, liberties, and
property of the people m our Territories where it
holds exclusive jurisdiction. This atrocious de-
cision attempts to outlaw one eighth part of the
human race; to place them without the pale of 1e°;a I
protection; it aliects to authorize any and every
crime u, ii'- perpetrated against them. Under this
decision tiny may be robbed and murdered; 111
shoi t, thi-i- dcoisiun would extend Amoican infi-
delity, with all itsattendantcrimes,wherever Fed-
eral jurisdiction exists. Thus has the issue been
made between the religious portion of the com-
munity and thos^ who maintain this heathenism.
This issue involves the entire American people.
All denominations of men aie now constrained to
cast their influence on one side or the other. To sit
silent, would merely aid the cause ofinfidclity and
despotism. He who refuses to act,by such refusal,
casts half his influence in favor of the crimes which
I have enumerated. The functions of our Gov-
ernment for the time being, are prostituted to
sustain and extend this infidelity. The Prophet
of Mecca, nor his followers, ever sanctioned doc-
trines so barbarous as those which now rule in the
Administration of our Government. The Turk
will be constrained to unite with the Christian in
the maintenance of those rights which are sanc-
tioned by the religion of Mohammed, as well as of
Chiist. Civilized and semi-civilized nations must
feel a common interest m the overthrow of this
infidelity, which aims a fatal blow at human rights,
wherever the image of God is found.
I greatly rejoice that Christians in Europe are
sensible of the existence of this war upon human
nature. American Christians, patriots, and phi-
lanthropists feel the warmest gratitude toward the
religious men of Scotland, of England, of France,
and Germany for the kind sympathy which they
expiess m this cause, for the veiy catholic re-
monstrances which they have addressed to our
American Christians against this infidelity. Every
lover of truth, every religious heart in our land,
must have glowed with gratitude to God and love
to man, as he read the eloquent and truthful ad-
dress of the Christians of Geneva, once the home
of Europe's great Reformer, to the Christians of
the United States on this subject. And whose
heart was not moved when noticing1 the action of
the Protestants of France in relation to it? Nor
is this Clni&tian feeling confined to Protestants.
Tho African Institute of Paris, formed for tho pur-
pose of maintaining the rights of the African race,
embraces anionic its members distinguished lay-
men. ministers,bishops, and archbishops, belong-
ing to the*Papal Church. My own humble efforts
in behalf of our common brotherhood, caused
my name to become known to its directors, who
placed it, on the 10II of its honoraiy membeis. I
take this occasion to thank them for this honor.
A Piotestant by education, by feeima, I j.;ieet
those Catholic Chiistums most cordially as good
and worthy laborers in this holy woik. Heartily
do I thank them for all that they have done, and
are doiiur, for the down-trodden of our race.
Could I hope that my remarks would meet the
eye of Uutisii ministers, I would 111 an especial
manner invoke their official influence against this
infidelity. 1 would beseech them no more to sanc-
tion, by their action, that blasphemy which seeks
to transionn the image of God into property.
I acknowledge tluu our Government was dis-
honored in the eyes of all Christians, when its
Executive became the «<.;uit and solicitor of those
pirates who claimed to own the fathers, the
motheis, and children on board contain slave
ships wrecked on jhutish inlands, where, thanks
to ChusUan civilization, no slavery exists. The
President, espousing the cause of men who de-
served the halter and the gallows, demanded com-
pensation fioia the ih'itish Government for th'ur
loss* of human i1' <) u repiebctitativo at the
court of Si. jatiu ^ appears to have misled and
deceived the lhiosh ministry", in one of his ofu-
na' communications he declared that, " our Gov-
ernment had determined more than once, in the
most solemn manner, that slaves killed in the pub-
lic service of the United States, even in a state of
war, were to be le^arded as propaly, and not as
pei sons, and the Government held responsible for
their value."
When lefen ing to this assei tion of our minister
fifteen yc-ais since, 1 pronounced it unfounded and
untrue. 1 said this in the presence of the delega-
tion from Virginia, the State of which our minis-
ter, Mr. Stevenson, was a citizen, and I called on
them, as his friends, to sustain ins assertion by
"bowing some one instance in which tins Govern-
ment had paid for slaves killed in the public ser-
vice. I declared the whole history of Congress
showed that we had m every instance refused such
paymentj and I defied them to show an exception
1 to such practice. No man met the challenge. I
' now repeat the assertion. I pronounce the state-
1 ment of Mr. Stevenson untrue, a libel upon our
Government, and a slander upon the American
! people. I not only declare his assertion untrue,
, but I declare the opposite to be true. The British
ministry, by complying with this demand, tacitly
I admitted that phase of American infidelity which
| seeks to degrade the human soul to the level of
| swine. More recently they paid the slave-dealers
; the estimated value of the fathers, mothers, and
■ children, on board the Creole, who obtained their
i own liberty by gallantly taking possession of the
! vessel and landing on British soil.
! The money—the dollars and cents—are of no
S importance; but concessions to this infidelity, at
• the present time, are important. It was an object
j with the slave power to obtain fiom the Bntish
| ministry ihe admission that men are property. I
j would entreat the British Government, and all
: other Governments, to maintain the dignity of
1 our common nature. In the language of one of
the most eloquent of England's orators, I would
say, " He who gave us the Jorms commands us
to maintain the rights of men.75 The Christians
of the United States and of other nations would
rejoice to learn that the British ministry now, as
in 1820, refuse even to correspond with our Ex-
ecutive on the subject of property m human flesh.
I would also warn the Spanish Crown and other
continental Powers, that our present Executive is
seeking, by all the various means and arts of di-
plomacy, to detach Cuba from its allegiance, to
annex it to the United States in order to increase
the influence of the slave power, and add strength
to this American infidelity.
I hope and trust that this conspiracy may be
defeated; that all Christian Governments may
exert their power against the further extension
of this scourge of our race. I would most earn-
estly invoke the Christians, philanthropists, and
patriots of this and of every nation and kindred
and language, to exert their moral influence, their
legitimate powers, for the overthrow, the final
eradication of this infidelity ftom the earth, for
upholding the natural, Heaven-endowed rights of
man, for the progress, the moral elevation of our
race, until all shall understand the will and obey
the laws of our common Father, and attain that
happiness which constitutes the ultimate object
of human existence.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. HAMMOND,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, March 4, 1858.
[n.cvisi:d by himself.*]
Tho Jennie having under consideration the bill fur the
aduiK&ion ot' Kansas mto the Union as a State—
Mr. HAMMOND said:
Mr. President : In the debate which occurred
in the early part of the last month, I understood
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to say
that the question of the reception of the Lecompton
constitution was narrowed down to a single point.
That point was, whether that constitution em-
bodied the wiil of the people of Kansas. Am I
correct ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is correct, with
this qualification: I could waive the irregularity
and agree to the reception of Kansas into the
(Jiuon under the Lecompton constitution, pro-
vided I was satisfied that it was the act and deed
of that people, and embodied their will. There
are other objections; but the others I could over-
come, if this point were disposed of.
Mr, HAMMOND. I so understood the Sen-
ator. I understood that if he could be satisfied
that tins constitution embodied the will of the peo-
ple of Kansas, all other defects and irregulauties
could be cured by the act of Congress, and that
he himself would be willing to permit such an act
to be passed.
Now, sir, the only question is, how is that will
to be ascertained ? And upon that point, and that
only, we shall dilFer. in my opinion, the will of
*For the oiiginal report, see page 959, Congressional
Clobu.
