1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
order. And when the presiding officer appoints
a committee, a majority of whom have declared
themselves against the proposition, it is a viola-
tion of parliamentary law, and we should be at a
loss to find a precedent to apply to such a case. I
presume, under the circumstances, the raising of
this committee has no precedent. The parlia-
mentary law is clear. There is 110 question on
eithersideof the Chamber 111 reference to it; that
when a special committee is raised, the friends of
the subject on which it is raised, are to compose
the majority of the committee. I need not read
the old phraseology of the rule in which it is pre-
scribed; as it is said by Grey, " that a child is
not to be put to a nurse that cares not for it."
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is out of order.
His remarks are foreign to the point before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels some deli-
cacy in ruling upon the question, inasmuch as the
gentleman is commenting upon the action of the
hair.
Mr. GROW. I am commenting on the subject
in this view of it, that if a majority of a commit-
tee are opposed to the order of the House, and
were known to be so opposed to it before they
were appointed, how are you to compel them to
obey the order of the House, except it be upon
the report of the minority ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will pardon the Chair for correcting him,
he is mistaken in the fact which he assumes.
The matter referred to the committee was the
President's message.
Mr. GROW. That is a difference of opinion
between the Chair and myself; and the difference
arises out of the construction of the resolution.
My construction is, that the only subject-matter
referred to the committee is an inquiry into all the
facts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a question
of order. I am very reluctant to interfere with
the gentleman's remarks, but the constitution of
this committee has nothing to do with the ques-
tion before the House. j
• Mr. GROW. I have no further remarks to j
make upon that point. If the majority of the 1
committee, then, choose to violate the order ofthe
House, and the minority of the committee have ;
not the right to bring the facts to the attention of |
the House, how is the House to take action on it |
at all, and compel the committee to obey the or-
der of the House ? For instance, if you refer a bill
to a committee, a majority of whom are against
it, and opposed to any legislation on the subject,
with instructions to make certain inquiries in re-
lation to it, and report it back to the House, the
majority of the committee being opposed to the
bill refuse to report it back at all; I ask you if it
would notbe a question of privilege for any mem-
ber to rise in his place and state that the order of
the House had not been obeyed; that the com-
mittee had refused to carry out the instructions
o{ the House in order to prevent legislation on
the subject? I take it, that would be a clear case.
We need no precedent for it. Common sense is
preeedentenough. This committee, a majority
of it, are opposed to making any investigation.
A mehlber rises-in his place and states that the
committee have refused to make the investigation
which the House has ordered, yet the gentleman
from Georgia says we must wait until the major-
ity of the committee have reported before we can
raise the question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to cor-
rect the gentleman. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says that the majority of this commit-
tee are opposed to investigation. Now, sir, so
far as I am concerned, I am in favor of investiga-
ting every material fact bearing upon the subject.
I think the committee has done it, and at the
• >proper time !-shall be ready to show it. I did
-not wish the remark should go into the gentle-
njan's speech that this majority ofthe committee
are opposed to investigation, withoutreply. The
Committee have investigated every material fact
having any bearing upon the propriety of admit-
ting Kansas as a State into the Union.
:'-i Mr. GROW. The resolution instructs the
ifiOBtmittee to inquire into all the facts connected
Swith the formation of that constitution, whether
-they are material or not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I riso to a
question of order. The gentleman is speaking
upon the report of the committee. When that
report is before the House will be the time to dis-
cuss that subject; and I shall then be prepared to
show that it does cover every fact.
Mr. GROW. I was just speaking upon the
point made bv the gentleman from Georgia, that
the report had not come in, when the gentleman
from Georgia interrupts me; and now when I
commence to answer tiie point of the gentleman's
interruption, I am interrupted by a question of
order. So it seems that there is great trouble
upon that side ofthe House. When no objection
was made to the gentleman's proceeding in his
own way, I hoped I should not be broken up in
my argument.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rose to in-
terrupt the gentleman after he had made a state-
ment of fact in regard to the committee. I cor-
rected that statement of fact. Then the gentleman
went on to make another statement which involves
a fact as to the report.
Mr. GROW. I made no such statement; but
I read from the Journals of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is getting beyond the lino of legitimate
debate.
Mr. GROW. I have no disposition to get out
of the line of debate; but I do not like to be in-
terrupted by the gentleman, after he has been
allowed to proceed in his own way.
The resolution provides:
" That said committee be instructed to inquire into ail the
facts connected with the formation of said constitution and
the laws under which the same was originated, and into all
such facts and proeeedings as have transpired since the
formation of said constitution, having relation to the ques-
tion or propriety of the admission of said Territory into tiie
Union under said constitution, and whether the same is ac-
ceptable and satisfactory to a majority of the legal voters of
Kansas."
That was the order of the House. No discre-
tion was left to the committee whether they were
to investigate as to what they conceived material
facts. They were to investigate all the facts re-
latins; and pertaining to the formation of the con-
stitution. Such being the order, how can it be
violated' By the committee refusing to investi-
gate the facts. And when they do that it is a ques-
tion of privilege, and the House have the right to
have their orders obeyed. How can they have
them obeyed ? The gentleman from Georgia says,
only by waiting until the majority make a report,
when the minority can come in and raise the ques-
tion that they have not obeyed the order of the
House.
Mr. Speaker, you read the law, and 1 need not
state to the House that the minority has no right
to make a report except by unanimous consent.
Then the majority can trample down the order
of the House; and will they come in and say that
they have violated it ? Of course not. They are
wrong-doers, and they will not report that they
are in the wrong. If a single member objects to
the minority stating the facts, it can be ruled out,
and thus you can prevent the House from ever
arriving at that point of privilege of compelling
its committee to obey the orders of the House.
It is only by courtesy, then, that it is to come in !
Are the privileges of the House to rest upon the
courtesy of members? They are rights higher
and above the rules of the House. They rest
upon no courtesy. The gentleman from Georgia
said you could compel your committee to obey
the order by offering a resolution on resolution
day. When is resolution day ? When you can
get two thirds to suspend the rules of the House,
you can offer your resolution, and in no other
case, unless the States be called; and when the
States are called a member can offer a resolution.
But you may go through a whole session without
ever reaching a call of the States. A large minority
of the House could prevent it for a whole ses-
sion, and thus again the privileges of this House
are made to rest upon courtesy.
After its rules and orders are violated, and the
majority refuse to obey them, it is the right of
any member upon this floor to present that fact to
the House, and they may determine what shall
be their action; and in this case, supposing it is
entertained as a question of privilege, the House
may determine the proceedings of the commit-
tee when they are presented, whether they have
complied with the order. Then we shall know
whether the rights of the House hare b«en in-
vaded, and what wrong has been done. In that
way the House has the means of knowing whether
its order has been obeyed. If they determine that
it has not been obeyed, they can issue new in-
structions, or they can discharge the committee
and raise another, or they can lay aside the whole
subject, as they please.
In the mode pointed out by the gentleman from
Georgia, the privileges of the House, so far as
compelling its committee to obey its order, rests
upon courtesy, and courtesy alone;for there is no
way of compelling them to obey, so long as there
is one single man to object.
The gentleman from Georgia read from parlia-
mentary law to show how the remissness of the
committee could be obviated. I agree with him
that it is to be obviated in the way pointed out.
But this is no case of remissness. It is where
there is a total disregard ofthe order of the House,
which is a contempt of the House. How are we
to reach such a case as that? We may read the
parliamentary books, and I presume we will find
no such case as this. We have an order of the
House upon a certain subject, and the committee
is formed with a majority against that subject.
They voted against it when it was on its passage.
That was the subject referred to them. No subject
or measure of legislation can be reported under the
order. They can only report these facts. The
majority of them voted against any investigation.
Mr. WINSLOW. Icail the gentleman to order.
He is discussing matters not before the House.
The gentleman cannot know what the committee
did, until they report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. GROW. I mean to say this; a majority
was placed upon that committee who votedagainst
the resolution. It was a violation of parliament-
ary law, then, in the beginning, in appointing that
committee; and the committee then violated tho
order of the House in their conduct if they re-
fused to investigate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
It is out of order to state that parliamentary law
was violated by the action of the Speaker. He
has no right to arraign the Speakerof the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair intimated as much
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and hoped
that he would not repeat it again.
Mr. GROW. I take it that the acts of the offi-
cers of this House, and the acts of members, are
proper subjects for consideration.
The SPEAKER. At the proper time it would
be so. In the discussion of this subject, the Chair
is of opinion that the action of the Speaker, in con-
stituting the committee, is not the proper subject
of debate.
Mr. GROW. Then the Chair rules that that
is not pertinent, and the subject of legitimate ar-
gument on the point before the House.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is
that it is not pcitinent.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the appointment of the commit-
tee was a violation of parliamentary law?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is hardly
in order for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
make a response to that question, as the Chair
has ruled that discussion in that connection is not
in order pending this question.
Mr. GROW. All I purpose to do in this dis-
cussion is to comment upon the acts of men.
With theirmotives I have nothing to do. I disa-
gree with men upon this floor in regard to matters
of legislation. I believe that some matters of legis-
lation now pending are as great outrages as were
ever attempted to be perpetrated by a legislative
body; but I charge no want of sincerity to those
who advocate them, because the human intellect
is so constituted that men hold all shades of opin-
ion on the same subject, owing to diversity of
education, or the stand point from which they
view the same subject. "
Bu11 pass that by. But before taking my seat
I wish to say one word upon a point to which I ■
should before have adverted had I not been inter-
rupted—that is, where a committee of this House
is raised, and a subject-matter of legislation is
referred to it, under an order of the House, and
that committee comes in and reports to the House
through its majority, and the minority of the com-
mittee are allowed to report only by the courtesy
of the House. There is no question about that.
