1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
est assertions of Captain Stockton himself that
lie had no authority; that he so told the claimant:
so that there can bo no pretense that the claimant
supposed he had authority. He told him that he
had not, and also told him expr'essly that what-
ever sum he should receive from the Government
if any, would be a mere gratuity.
It was for that purpose that I was about to re-
mark the pertinency of another portion of that
letter. It was the good fortune, the singular good
fortune, of this inventor to be able to use the funds
of the United States to place his invention in a
Government ship, which should publish it to the
world, which should be a full and thorough test
of it, without costing: him a dollar, except his own
time; and Captain Stockton was wise and judi-
cious when, in that letter, he presented to the Gov-
ernment the benefits he thought the claimant would
derive from such an experiment of his invention
at the expense of the Government.
That there is any legal*ilaim,such as this court
were authorized to give an opinion in favor of, I
think cannot be contended for. If there is any
claim at all upon the justice of the Government,
as compensation, every Senator here is as well
advised of that as I am; but I submit that the case
shows that he, having been paid $1,150 in money,
and having had this exhibition and test of his in-
vention at the expense of the Government, is in
no wise a loser. That part of the case I do not
propose to argue, because, as I said, every Sena-
tor is as competent to decide on that as I am. I
can only decide for myself on that question, that,
with the evidence shown, there is no such claim
upon the bounty, or upon the justice, or upon the
generosity of the Government, as would induce
me to vote for paying this $14,000. Upon legal
grounds, I am certainly very confident there is no
claim at all.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan is usually exceedingly fair and just
in his estimate of the services of others; and 1
think if he reviews this case, which he seems to
have taken up now for the first time, he will come
to the conclusion that he is in error as to the value
of this claimant's services. I took the view that
he did when I first looked at this case, and a ma-
jority of the Committee on Claims were opposed
to it; but on reexamination we came to a different
opinion. I will state the facts. In 1839, Congress
authorized the construction of three war ships.
In 1840, the Secretary of the Navy, in obedience
to that law, ordered two to be constructed. There
were two plans at that time. The question of
whether steam could or could not be successfully
applied to war vessels had not then been solved;
the fear of danger from ignition by fire prevailed
in the minds of all naval men, and the problem
was to be solved. Its solution was demanded by
every naval Power on earth. One of the officers
of our Navy, Captain William Hunter, submit-
ted a plan by which wheels were to be inserted in
the bilge of "the vessel oh each side—submeiged j
wheels. Ericsson had demonstrated his plan to |
be feasible, practicable, and just, already This j
was no experiment in the Princeton. The exper- j
iment had been made at great cost by Captain j
Ericsson. He had exhausted every dollar he had j
on earth in making that experiment. He was ■
here at the door of the Capitol, besieging the Con- j
gress of the United States to avail themselves of I
what his genius had brought about and wiiat his •
means had been expended in demonstrating, and ;
they refused to do it. I
The Secretary of the Navy, in authorizing the ;
construction of these two vessels, directed one to !
be constructed on Hunter's plan—not model, as j
the Senator from Michigan says; the model was j
not in question at all; our models were as good |
then as they are now; but the point was the ap- j
plication of steam to naval purposes. One was !
to be'buiit on Ericsson's plan, and one on Hun- ,
tor's plan. Hunter's plan proved a total failure.
Ericsson's plan laid the foundation of the present
steam marine. She was the first war propeller
ever built on the face of the earth. In the Ptmcc-
ton he brought forward not only his propeller in-
vented by himself, but a great many appliances
appurtenant to steam navigation which have since
been used in our service.
Now, to show the estimate in which this ship
was held, 1 will mention that the American Insti-
tute, hearing of it, sent a committee to investigate
the condition and success of what they deemed an
experiment. I will not read the whole report of j
the committee of the American Institute. My j
purpose here is to show the value of Captain Er- j
icsson's services to our country. The commit- ;
tee conclude by saying, after summing up the ]
speed of thirteen knots: j
" Among the generals and tactician? of Europe, the belief '
prevails that our superior discipline has been, heretofore, j
the cause ofour successes; and the unflinching conduct, tin- I
broken discipline, and calm contempt of danger, which dis- j
tinguished the crew and officers of the Missouri, burnt re- j
eenily at Gibraltar, have done more to elevate out national
character in tins respect than can be possibly computed by
any reckoning of cost of propcify destroyed.
" In conclusion, your committee bee leave to present the
Princeton a5* every way woithy of the highest honors of I Ins
institute. She is a sublime conception, nio&t successfully
realized, an effort of genius skillfully executed, a grand
unique combination, hoiioiable to the country as creditable
to all engaged upon her. Nothing, m the vhape of mechan-
ics, suipa^es the inventive genius of Captain Ericsson,
unless it be the moi.d daung of Captain Stockton, ni the
adaptation of so many novelties at one time."
This is signed by ten members of the Institute.
Further to illustrate : Captain Stockton, in 3844,
after describing the ship, her guns and her arma-
ment, says everything human language can to |
extol her in the eyes of the American people. As j
I said, the Princeton is the foundation of our prcs- !
ent steam marine. It is the foundation of the
steam marine of the whole world. She created
universal surprise wherever she was seen. She
revolutionized naval vessels; and hereafter in
maritime war, those who send sailing vessels to
sea, send them but to be captured.
In doing this, it is said Mr. Ericsson undertook
to give his service for nothing. The presumption
is against a private individual giving his services
to the Government; but it is presented by the Sen- 1
ator from Michigan that he received an equivalent
by the opportunity of thus testing his experiment.
Why, sir, his experiment had already been fully
tested, fully admitted; but our Government was
slow, and it is always justly slow in availing it-
self of every invention in its national vessels. The
Government had refused to avaii itself of it, and
Ericsson had not the means of introducing it into
foreign navies. It is pretended now that we have
availed ourselves of his brains and of his genius
and have actually conferred a benefit on Ericsson
instead of Ericsson conferring benefit on the coun-
try. That is the ground taken.
When Captain Stockton laid the plans before
the Secretary of the Navy for building this vessel,
they were not his plans; they were the plans of
Ericsson and Stockton combined. The plans sub-
mitted were submitted with reference to Encsson 's
engine, and Ericsson's peculiar machinery and the
adaptation of it to the size of the vessel and his
peculiar propeller, the shifting smoke-stack, and
all those appliances that distinguished the Prince-
ton, Why, sir, a single man on the deck of the
Princeton navigated her. Her crew weie out of
reach of the guns of an enemy entirely, and a
single man could not only run the steamer, but
absolutely fire one of Stockton's bio; guns at the
same time. She was a vessel which realized what
naval men had years before conceived. The per-
fection of a vessel of war, as a matter of course,
must be the combination of the greatest speed with
the greatest power; and the nearer you approxi-
mate to that pei faction, the better vessel you have.
It has never yet been reached. The speed of the Per-
sia with the battery of the Agamemnon of course
would be the perfection of a war ship, and the
Princeton realized it more nearly than ever had
been seen before. She acquired a speed on the ocean
which had never bem attained, and had a size of
gun that had never before been heard of. She had,
if I remember rightly, eight forty-twos carriage
guns, and two of Stockton's large guns. We
have gone on step by step since that, but we have
never excelled the Princeton, except m size. The
qualities which the Princeton had we have trans-
lated into other vessels, but in superiority we have
never excelled her.
How long was Mr. Ericsson engaged in this?
You will find; by the papers on your table* that
in September, 1841, the oid^r was issued for the
construction of the ship, and he was consulted at
once; and he left the service in September, lfc'13.
Two years of the life of such a man as Ericsson
, were devoted to this service, and he produced th-3
1 finest ship on the face of the earth: he produced
a marvel m the eyes of the world, and now we
; are told, in the American Senate, that we haveab-
1 solutely conlerred a benefit on this man, and gen-
tlemen seem unwilling to compensate him. I know
my friend from Michigan entertains no such ideas
abstractedly. If Commodore Stockton had never
employed him, if he had absolutely gone forward
and volunteered his services, is it just, isitright,
that we should accept them and deny him com-
pensation when he asks it? Ericsson, like all
men of genius, is pooi; and he must, necessarily,
be poor for the balance of his days. I never saw
a genius that was not, for he is eternally trying
experiments by which other men profit.
If he had volunteered his services, I ask, when
the country has reaped these great advantages by
them, is it just, is it generous, is it magnanimous,
in the American people, to refuse him this paltry
compensation of some fourteen thousand dollars?
But, sir, the Senator from Michigan says express-
ly that Captain Stockton denies that Mr. Erics-
son had any just grounds of complaint; in other
words the Senator from Michigan gives a con-
struction to Captain Stockton's letter which Cap-
tain Stocktonhimself repudiates. He undertakes
now, in 1858, to construe Captain Stockton's let-
ter differently from the construction given to it
by Captain Stockton himself in 1853. The Court
of Claims were unanimous in this case, and they
state Captain Stockton's construction thus:
" Tne letter fioin Captain Stockton to the Secretary of the
Navy, of the SOth Mav, A. D. 184-1, is explained by his letter
to the same otficei, of the 7th February, A. £>. 1&>3. If wo
take the loiniei accoiding to its strict literal interpretation.
Captain Stockton maybe understood not only as having
denied that he had au) aulhoiit.v to employ die petitionei,
hut nl«v> !"*•> having averted that the petitioner volunteered
hi"', sin viee<5, and rendered them gratuitously. But he did
not mean either the one or the other, as is apparent from
the eontidtMaUori tliatifhe did, the two letters would be m
conflict with each other. In Ins letter of the 7th February,
A. D. h'1 evpre^ly says, that m his letter of the 90th
Ma), A. I). 1644, he stated £ the nature of Captain Hrlcs«onN
services, and the extent of the Department's obligation to
him, and admitted his, claim to such compensation from the
Gov eminent as, under the circumstances, he maybe entitled
to.' He meant, therefore, m his letter of the 20th May, A.
I). 1844, not only to state an obligation of some kind on the
part of the Navy Depaitment to the petitioner, hut also to
state the cxtent'of that obligation, by admitting that lie la
entitled to a reasonable compensation for his scivices. But
this is whfcllv inconsistent with the idea that those services
were rendeied gratuitously."
I say, therefore, that the Senator from Michi-
gan undertakes to place upon Captain Stockton's
words a construction which Stockton has directly
repudiated. He comes forward and says, that
what he meant to say, originally, was, that no
legal contract had been entered into, arid I concede
that fact; but that he should accept such compen-
sation as the Government would be willing to give
him. That admits that he should have some com-
pensation ; but now we are told he is not entitled to
;; any. If he had been entirely unsuccessful, two
| years of labor for the benefit of the Government
|| would have entitled him to something, because it
/ is worth something to this Government to prove
: a prevalent idea to be a humbug, and get rid of it.
r If we, ten yeais ago, had by an appropriation of
ji $50,000 proved that the idea of defending ths har-
(; borof New York by a steam battery, was lrn-
!' practicable, we should have made money by the
J! operation. Take any other popular idea of the
! day upon which the Government experiments,
!' and if you can prove that it is impracticable and
|] desist from making appropriations, you make
ji money by it. But when he has successfully
achieved the result in view, as is acknowledged
I by all nations and by ourselves, with what grace
'j can we withhold compensation from him? No,
'■ sir, the case is peifectly patent.
/ Mr. BENJAMIN. Will my fiiend fiv,;m Flor-
!1 ida permit me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
: Mr. BRIVJAMIN. It is that he allow an
. amendment sinking out from the bill the words,
"for the balance due him." I cannot vote for
this bill, and 1 think a great many cannot vote for
it as a debt; but I can voiy well vote for it as a
j! gratuity. I cannot approve of the decision of the
1 Court of Claims. I presume the object of the
■ Senator is not to indorse the Couit of Claims so
1 much as to the money for Ericsson. Now,
suppose we Ptnke out the words " for the balance
due him," and sav, "in full forall his services."
Mr MALLORY. I accept the amendment, but
' I do not consider it a gratuity. I do not vote for
1 gratuities. I think we have received a very hand-
I some equivalent indeed
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the amendment to
strike out the words " for the balance due him.0
