1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
35ti-i Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hammond.
Senate.
the people of Kansas is to be sought in the act of j
her lawful convention electcd to form a consti- '
tution, and nowhere else; and that it is unconsti-
tutional and dangerous to seek it elsewhere. I
- think tftat the Senator fell into a fundamental
error in his report dissenting from the report of
the majority of the Territorial Committee, when
he Sflid that the convention which framed this
constitution was " the creature of the Territorial
Legislature;" and from that error has probably
arisen all his subsequent errors on this subject.
How can it be possible that a convention should
be the creature of a Territorial Legislature? The
convention was an assembly of the people in their
highest sovereign capacity, about to perform their
highest possible act of sovereignty. The Terri-
torial Legislature is a mere provisional govern-
ment; a petty corporation, appoihted and paid by
the Congress of the United States, without a parti-
clc of sovereign power. Shall that interfere with
a sovereignty—inchoate, but still a sovereignty?
Why, Congress cannot interfere-, Congress can-
not confer on the Territorial Legislature the power
to interfere. Congress is not"sovereign. Con-
gress has sovereign powers, but no sovereignty.
Congress has no power to act outside of the lim-
itations of the Constitution; no right to can y into \
effect the supreme will of any people; and, there- i
fore, Congress is not sovereign. Nor does Con- j
gress hold the sovereignty of Kansas. The sov- \
ereignty of Kansas resides, if itresidesanywhere, I
with the sovereign States of this Union. They j
have conferred upon Congress, among other pow- j
ers, the authority of administering such sover- [
oignty to their satisfaction. They have given i
Congress the power to make needful rules and
regulations regarding the Terriloiles, and they i
have given Congress power to admit a State— !
admit" not create. Under these two powers,
Congress may fhst establish a provisional terri- j
torial government merely for municipal purposes; i
and when a State has rriown into rightful sovcr- j
eignty, when that sovereignty which has been j
kept in abeyance demands recognition, when a j
community is formed there, a social compact ere- I
ated,a sovereignty born, as it were, upon the soil, '
then Congress is gifted with the power to ac-
knowledge it, and the Legislature, only by mere
usage, sometimes neglected, assists at the birth
of it by passing a precedent resolution assembling
a convention.
Rut when that convention assembles to form a
constitution, it assembles in-the highest known
capacity of a people, and has no superior in this
Government but a State sovereignty; or rather
the State sovereignties of all the States alone
can do anything with the act of that convention.
Then if that convention was lawful, if there is
210 objection to the convention itself, thcie can be
no objection to the action of the convention; and
there is no power on earth that has a right to in-
quire, outside of its acts, whether the convention
represented the will of the people of Kansas or
not, for a convention of the people is, according
to the theory of our Government, for all the pur-
poses for which the people elected it, The Peo-
ple, bona fide, being the only way m which all
the people can assemble andact together. I do not
doubt that there might be some cases of such gross
and palpable frauds committed m the formation of
a convention, as might authorize Congress to in-
vestigate them, but I can scarcely conceive of
any." And when a State knocks at the door for
admission, Congress can with propriety do little
more than inquire if her constitution is republican.
That it embodies the will of her people must ne-
cessarily be taken for granted, if it is their lawful
act. I am assuming, of course, that hei bound-
aries are settled, and her population sufficient.
If what I have said be correct, then the will of
the people of Kansas is to be found in the action
of her constitutional convention. It is immate-
rial whether it is the will of a majority of the peo-
ple of Kansas noic. or not. The convention was,
or might have been, elected by a majority of the
jvople of Kansas. A convention elected in April
may well frame a constitution that would not be
agreeable to a majority of the people of a new
State, rapidly filling up, in the succeeding Janu-
ary, and if Legislatures are to be allowed to put
to vote the acts of a convention, and have them
annulled by a subsequent influx of immigrants,
there is no finality. If you were to send back the
Lecompton constitution, and another was to be
framed, in the slow way in which we do public
business in this country, befoie it'would reach
Congress and be passed, perhaps the majority
would be turned the other way. Whenever you
go outside of the regular forms of law and con-
stitutions, to seek for the will of the people, you
are wandering in a wilderness—a wilderness of
thorns.
If this was a minority constitution I donotknow
that that would be an objection to it. Constitu-
tions are made for minorities. Perhaps minori-
ties ought to have the right to make constitutions,
for they are administered by majorities. The Con-
stitution of this Government was made by a mi-
nority, and as late as 1840 a minority had it in
their hands, and could have altered or abolished
it; for, in 1840, six out of the twenty-six States
of the Union held the numerical majority.
The Senator from Illinois has, upon his view
of the Lecompton constitution and the present sit-
uation of aliairs in Kansas, raised a cry of " pop-
ular sovereignty." The Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] yesterday made himself facetious
about it, and called it "squatter sovereignty."
There is a popular sovereignty which is the basis
of our Government, and I am unwilling that the
Senator should have the advantage of confound-
ing it with £{ squatter sovereignty." In all coun-
tries and in all time, it is well understood that the
numerical majority of the people could, if they
chose, exercise the sovereignty of the country;
but for want of intelligence, and for want of lead-
- ers, they have never yet been able successfully
; to combine and foim a stable, popular govern-
ment. They have often attempted it, but it has
.ahvnys turned out, instead of a popular sovei-
, eignty, a populace sovereignty; and demagogues,
| placing themselves upon the movement, have m-
i variably led them into military despotism.
: I think that the popular sovereignty which the
! Senator from Illinois would derive from the acts
of his Territorial Legislature, and from the in-
formation received from partisans and partisan
presses, would lead us directly into populace, and
not popular, sovereignty. Genuine popular sov-
ereignty never existed on a firm basis except in
this country. The first gun of the Revolution
announced a new organization of it, whieh was
embodied in the Declaration of Independence,
developed, elaborated, and inaugurated forever
in the Constitution of the United States. The
two pillars of it were representation and the bal-
lot-box. In distributing their sovereign powers
among the various departments of the Govcrn-
| ment, the people retained for themselves the sm-
> gle power of the ballot-box; and a great power it
j was. Through that they were able to control all
< the departments of the Government. It was not
• for the people to exercise political power in de-
I tail; if was not for them to be annoyed with the
, cares of Government; but, from time to time,
through the ballot-box. to exert their sovereign
j power and control the whole organization. This
! is popular sovereignty, the popular sovereignty
of a le^ral constitutional ballot-box; and when
' spoken through that box, the " voice of the peo-
i pie," for ail political piuposes, " is the voice of
• God;" but when it is hcaid outside of that, it is
j the voice heard of a demon, the tocsin of the reign
[ of ten oi.
i In passing I omitted to answer a question that
the Senator from Illinois has, I believe, repeat-
| cdly asked; and that is, what were the legal pow-
1 orc* of the Teintorial Legislature after the forma-
, tionand adoption of the Lecompton constitution?
' That had nothing to do wi;h the Teintorial Le-
gislature, which was a piovifjinji.il government
1 almost without ))-jh er, appointed and paid by this
Govern'.p'nf. The L"compton constitution was
theav.-' of a people, and the sovereign actofapeo-
: pie. Tht-y m«,v  d in difT-ivnt spheres andondif-
1 fere lit planes, and could iiot come in contact at all
! without usurpation on the one part or the other.
It was not competent for the Lecompton consti-
; tution to overturn the teintorial government and
1 setup a government in place of u, becuse that
; constitution, until acknowledged by Congress,
! was nothing; it was not in force anywhere. It
S could well inquire the people of Kansas to pass
i upon it or any portion of it; it could do whatever
was necessary to perfect that constitution, but
nothing beyond that, until Congress had agreed
to accept it. In the mean time the territorial gov-
ernment, always a government ad interim, was
entitled to exercise all the sway over the Terri-
tory that it ever had been entitled to. The error
of assuming, as the Senator did, that the conven-
tion was the creature of the territorial govern-
ment, has led him into the difficulty and confusion
of connecting these two governments together.
There is no power to govern in the convention
until after the adoption, by Congress, of its. con-
stitution.
If the Senator from Illinois, whom I regard as
the Ajax Telamon of this debate, does not press
the question of frauds, I shall have little or nothing
to say about that. The whole history of Kansas
is a disgusting one, from the beginning to the end.
I have avoided reading it tfs much as I could.
Had I been a Senator before, I should have felt it
my duty, perhaps, to have done so; but not ex-
pecting to be one, I am ignorant, fortunately, in
a greatmeasure, of details; and I was glad to hear
the acknowledgment of the Senator from Illinois,
since it excuses me from the duty of examining
them.
I hear, on the other side of the Chamber, a great
deal said about" gigantic and stupendousfrauds;"
and the Senator from New York, yesterday, in
portraying the character of his party and the op-
posite one, laid the whole of those frauds upon
the pro-slavery party. To listen to him, you
would have supposed that the regiments of immi-
grants recruited in the purlieus of the great cities
of the North, and sent out, armed and equipped
with Sharpe's rifles and bowie knives and revolv-
er, to conquer freedom for Kansas, stood by,
meek saints, innocent as doves, and harmless as
lambs brought up to the sacrifice. General Lane's
lambs! They remind one of the famous "lambs"
of Colonel Iurke, to whom they have a strong
family resemblance. I presume that there were
frauds; and that if there were frauds, they were
equally great on all sides; and that any investi-
gation" into them on this floor, or by a commis-
sion, would end in nothing but disgrace to the
United States.
But, sir, the true object of the discussion on the
other side of the Chamber is to agitato the ques-
tion of slavery. I have very great doubts whether
the, leadeis on the other side of the House really
wish to defeat this bill. I think they would con-
sider it a vastly greater victory to crush out the
Democratic paity in the North, and destroy the
authors of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and lam
not sure that they have not brought about this
imbroglio for the wry puipose. They tell us that
year after year the majority in Kansas was beaten
at the polls ! They have always had a majority,
but they always get beaten ! How could that be ?
If does seem, fiom the most reliable sources of
information, that they have a majority, and have
had a majoi iry for some time. Why has not this
majority come forward and token possession of
the government, and made a frce-Ktaie constitu-
tion," and in ought it here? We should all have
voted for its admission eh'-eifuily. There can be
but one reason: if they had bio ugh t. as was gener-
ally supposed at i he time the Kansas-Nebraska act
was passed would be the case.a free constitution
hero, there would have been no di'Ticnky among the
northern Democrats; tliev would have been sus-
tained by their people. The statement made by
some of them, as 1 understood, that that act was
a good free-State act, would have been verified,
and the noifhem Democratic party would have
been sustained. But Kansas coming here a slave
State, it is hoped, will kill that party, and that is
the leason they have refrained from going to the
polls; that is the reason they have lelraiuod from
making it a free State when they had the power.
They intend to make itafico State as soon as
they have effected their purpose of destroying the
Democratic party at the North, and now 'heir
chief object here is to agitate slavery. Tor one,
I am not disposed to disouss that question heie
in any abstract form. I think the time has gone
by for rhat. Our minds are all made up. I may
be \viii;o^ to discuss it—and that is the way it
should be, and must be, discussed—as a practical
thinQ-, as a thing that is, and is to and to dis-
cuss its effect upon our political institutions, and
