70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 4,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hammond.
Senate.
ascertain how long those institutions will hold
together with slavery ineradicable.
The Senator from New York entered very fairly
into this field yesterday. I waa surprised, the
other day, when he so openly said " the battle
had been fought and won." Although I knew,
and had long known it to be true, I was surprised
to hear him say so. I thought that he had been
entrapped into a hasty expression by the sharp
rebukes of the Senator from New Hampshire;
and I was glad to learn yesterday his words had
been well considered—that they meant all that I
thought they meant; that they meant that the
South is a conquered province, and that the North
intends to rule it. lie said that it was their in-
tention "to take this Government from unjust
and unfaithful hands, and place it in just and faith-
ful hands;" that it^was their intention to conse-
crate all the Territories of the Union to free labor;
and that, to effect their purposes, they intended
to reconstruct the Supreme Court.
Yesterday the Senator said,.suppose we admit
Kansas with the Lecompton constitution, what
guarantees are there that Congress will not again
interfere with the affairs of Ivansas? meaning, I
suppose, that if she abolished slavery, what guar-
antee there was that Congress would not force it
upon her again. So far as we of the South are
concerned, you have, at least, the guaiantee of
good faith that never hasbeen violated. But what ;
guarantee have we, when you have this Govern- '
ment in your possession, in all its departments,
even if we submit quietly to what the Senator
exhorts us to submit to—the limitation of slavery
to its present territory, and even to the reconstruc-
tion of the Supreme Court—that you will not
plunder us with tariffs; that you will not bank-
rupt us with internal improvements and bounties
on your exports; that you will not cramp us with
navigation laws, and other laws impeding the
facilities of transportation to southern produce?
What guarantee have we that you will not create
a new bank, and concentrate all the finances of
this country at the North, where already, for the
want of direct trade and a proper system of hank-
ing in the South, they aie ruinously concentrated ?
Nay, what guarantee have we that you will not
emancipate our slaves, or, at least, make the
attempt? We cannot rely on your faith when you
have the power, it has boon always broken
whenever pledged.
As I am disposed to see this question settled
as soon as possible, and am perfectly willing to
have a final and conclusive settlement now, after
what the Senator from New York has said, I
think it not improper that I should attempt to
bring the North anil South face to face, and see
what resources each of us might have m the con-
tingency of separate organizations.
If we never acquiio another foot of territory
for the South, look at her. Eight hundred and
fifty thousand square miles. Aa largo an Groat
Britain, France, Austria, Prussia, and Spam. Is
not that territory enough to make an empire that
shall rule the world? With the finest soil, the
most delightful climate, whose staple production*
none of (hose great, countries can grow, we have
three thousand miles of continent:)! shoie hue, ho
indented with bays and crowded with islands,
that, when their .shore linos ate added, we have
twelve thousand miles. Thiough the heait of
our country runs the great Misvuncupni, the father
of waters, into whose bosom are poured thiity-
six thousand miles of tributary sfivams; and be-
yond we have the desert prairie waste?, to pro-
tect us in our rear. Can you hem in pitch a
territory as that?' You talk of pulling up a wall
of fire around eight hundred and fifty thousand
square miles so situated ! How absurd.
But in this Territory lies the great valley of the
Mississippi, now the leal, and soon to be the ac-
knowledged scat of the empire of the woild. The
sway of that valley will be as great as ever the
Nile knew in thooarlieragesof mankind. We own
the most of it. The most valuable part of it be-
longs to us now; and although those who have set-
tled above us are now opposed to us, another gen-
eration will tell a different tale. They are ours by
all the laws of nature; slave labor will go over
every foot of this great valley where it will be
found piofitable to use it, and some of those who
may not use it are soon to be united with us by
such ties as will make us one and inseparable.
The iron horse will soon be clattering over the
sunny plains of the South to bear the products of
its upper tributaries to our Atlantic ports, as it
now does through the ice-bound North. There
is the great Mississippi, a bond of union made by
Nature herself. She will maintain it forever.
On this fine territory we have a population four
times as large as that with which these colonies
separated from the mother country, and a hun-
dred, I might say a thousand fold, stronger. Our
population is now sixty percent, greater than that
I of the whole United States when wo entered into
, the second war of independence. It is as large as
j the whole population of the United States was ten
: years after the conclusion of that war, and our ex-
ports are three times as great as those of the whole
United States then. Upon our muster-rolls we
hare a million of militia. In a defensive war, upon
an emergency, every one of them would be avail-
able. At any time, the South can raise, equip,
and maintain in the field, a larger army than any
Power of the earth can send against her, and an
army of soldiers—menbroughtup on horseback,
with guns m their hands.
If we take the North, oven when the two large
States of Kansas and Minnesota shall be admit-
ted, her territory will be one hundred thousand
square miles less than ours. I do not speak of
California and Oregon; there is no antagonism |
between the South and those countries, and never
will bo. The population of the North is fifty per
cent, greater than ours. I have nothing to say m
disparagement either of the soil of the North, or
the people of the North, who are a brave and an
energetic race, full of intellect, but they produce
no gieat staple that the South does not produce;
while we produce two or three, and those the very
greatest, that she can never produce. As to her
men, 1 may be allowed to say they have never
proved themselves to be superior to those of the
South, either in the field or in the Senate.
But the strength of a nation depends in a great
measure upon its wealth; and the wealth of a na-
tion, like that of a man, is to be estimated by its
surplus production. You may go to your trashy
census books, full of falsehood and nonsense.
They will U 11 you, for example, that in the State
of Tennessee, the whole number of house-servants
is not equal 10 that of those in my own house, and
such things as that. You may estimate what is
made throughout the country from these census
books, but it is no matter how much is made if it
is nil consumed. If a man possess millions of
dollars and consume his income, is he rich? Is
he competent to embark" in any new enterprise'
Can he build ships or rathoads' And could a
people in that condition build ships and roads, or
go to war? All the enterprises of peace and war
depend upon the surplus productions of a people.
They may be happy, they may be comfortable,
they may enjoy themselves m consuming what
they make; but they are not rich, they are not
strong. It appears, by goina; to the repoi ts of the
Secretary of the Tieusury, which are authentic,
that last year the United States exported in round
numbers y.279,000,000 worth of domestic produce,
excluding gold and foreign merchandise reex-
ported. Of this amount $j5d,000,000 worth is
the clear produce of the South; articles that are
not and < an not be made at the North. There are
then SO,000,000 worth of exports of products of
the forest, provisions, and breadstuffs. If wc as-
sume that the South made but one third of tho^c,
and i think that is a low calculation, our exports
were $1^5,000,000, leaving to the North less than
$95,000,000.
In addition to this, wc sent to the North
$30,000,000 worth of cotton, which is not counted
in the exports. Wc sent to her seven or eight
million dollars' worth of tobacco, which is not
counted in the exports. We sent naval stores, lum-
ber, nee, and many other minor articles. There
is no doubt that we sent to the North $40,000,000
in addition; hut suppose the amount to be £35,-
000,000; it will give us a surplus production of
$2*20,000,000. Tiie recorded exports of the South
i now are greater than the whole exports of theUni-
j ted States m any year before 1856. They are
greaterthan the whole average exports of the Uni-
ted States for the lost twelve years, including the
! two extraordmaiy yeius of lo5(5 and 1857. They
are nearly double the amount of the average ex-
ports of the twelve preceding years. If I am right
in my calculations as to $220,000,000 of surplus
produce, there is not a nation on the face of the
earth, with any numerous population, that can
compete with us in produce percapila. It amounts
to $16 66 per head, supposing that we have twelve
million people. England, with all her accumu-
lated wealth, with her concentrated and educated
energy, makes under $16 50 of surplus produc-
tion per head.
I have not made a calculation as to the North,
with her §95,000,000 surplus. Admitting that she
exports as much as we do, with her eighteen
millions of population it would be but little over
twelve dollars a head. But she cannot export to
us and abroad exceeding ten dollars ahead against
our sixteen dollars. I know well enough that the
North sends to the South a vast amount of the
productions of her industry. I take it for granted
that she, at least, pays us in that way for the thirty
or forty million dollarsT worth of cotton and other
articles we send her. I am willing to admit that
she pays us considerably more; but to bring her
up to our amount of surplus production, to bring
herup to $220,000,000, a year, the South must take
from her $125,000,000; and this, in addition to our
share of the consumption of the §333,000,000 worth
introduced into the country from abroad, and paid
for chiefly by our own exports. The thing is ab-
surd; it is impossible; it can never appear any-
where but in a book of statistics.
With an export of $220,000,000 underthe pres-
ent tariff, the South organized separately would
have $40,000,000 of revenue. With one fourth
the present tariff she would have a revenue ade-
quate to all her wants, for the South would never
go to war; she would never need an army or a
navy, beyond a few garrisons on the frontiers
end a few revenue cutters. It is commerce that
breeds war. It is manufactures that require to be
hawked about the world, and give rise to navies
and commerce. But wo have nothing to do but to
take off restrictions on foreign merchandise and
open our ports, and the whole world will come to
us to tiade. They will be too glad to bring and
carry for us, and we never shall dream of a war.
Why the South has never yet had a just cause of
war. Every time she has drawn her sword it has
been on the point of honor, and that point of honor
has been mainly loyalty to her sister colonies and
sister Slates, who-havc ever since plundered and
calumniated her.
But if there were no other reason why we should
never have war. would any sane nation make war
on cotton? Without firing a sun, without draw-
ing a sword, should they make war on us we can
bring the whole world to our feet. The South is
perfectly competent to go on, one, two, or three
years without planting a seed of cotton. I believe
that if she was to plant but half her cotton for
three years to come, it would be an immense ad-
vantage to her. I am not so sure but that after
three total years' abstinence she would come out
stronger than ever she was before and better pre-
pared to enter afresh upon her great career of en-
terprise. What would happen if no cotton was
furnished for three years? I will not stop to de-
pict what every one can imagine, but this is cer-
tain : England would topple headlong and carry the
whole civilized world with her, save the South.
No, you dare not make war on cotton. No power
on earth dares to make war upon it. Cotton is
king. Until lately the Bank of England was king,
but she t; led to put her screws as usual, the fall
before la.it, upon the- cotton crop, and was utterly
vanquished. The last power has been conquered.
Who can doubt, that has looked at recent events,
that cotton is supreme ? When the abuse of credit
had destroyed credit and annmilnted confidence,
when thousands of the strongest commercial
houses in the world were coming down, and hun-
dreds of tndhons of dollars of supposed property
evaporating in tlun air, when you came to a dead
lock, and revolutions were threatened, what
brought you np? Fortunately for you it was the
commencement of the cotton season, n d we have
poured m upon you one million six hundred
thousand bales of cotton just at the crisis to save
you from destruction. That cotton, but for the
bursting of your speculative bubbles in the North,
which produced the whole of this convulsion,
