2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. MALLORY. I give way for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I will not continue the de-
bate further. I think I have fully shown that
Captain Ericsson was employed by competent au-
thority, and rendered valuable service for which
he has not been paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GREEN afterwards moved to reconsider
the vote passing the bill, and the motion was en-
tered.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 26) to provide for the payment of certain
claims of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on ac-
count of losses sustained by depredations of the
Creek Indians.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That bill can lie over.
The bill was passed "over.
NAIIUM WARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 93) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Nahum Ward.
Mr. PUGH. That bill is adversely reported
upon by the committee. I do not wish it to be
acted on at present, but I move that the decision
of the Court of Claims be printed. The court de-
cided in favor of it, and the committee against it,
and I have not been able to get the decision of the
court. I ask simply that it may be printed. The
court have decided one way, and the committee
the other. I think it is proper wc should see both
sides.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senate can dispose of
the case without postponing it. I am pretty cer-
tain that there was a divided court on that case,
two judges for the claim, and one against it. I be-
lieve that the dissenting opinion was a strong one,
and a larger number of the members of the com-
mittee were against the court, than there were in
the court for tho claim. This case has been up
before the Senate heretofore, and I think we had
better dispose of it.
Mr. PUGH. This gentleman is a constituent
of mine, and feels aggrieved at the action of the
committee. 1 have formed no opinion on it, but
I have read the opinion of the Committee on
Claims, and I desire to read the decision of the
court. As my friend from Louisiana said, we
have fallen into the vicious practice of not print-
ing tho reports of the court, and we do not know
•what the ease is
M. 1 VisIiSON. The Senator fiom Ohio, like
other gentlemen, has fallen into a mistake on this
question of printing, These decisions have been
printed in every case reported to the Senate by
the Committee on Chums. In this very case of '
Ericsson, that has just been acted on, the opinion j
I have in my hand*came from the box of a Sen- j
ator. The Secretary consulted me, as chairman j
of the committee, at the very outwet of the ses- !
eion,as to what should be printed; and I said i
that the decisions of the court, according to law, 1
should be printed; and if the Senator has not got j
a printed report in this case, it is bus own fault; 1
he has not looked after one. If he will examine, !
he will find that there is a piinted report. !
Mr. PCTGII. The Senator is mistaken. I have j
the printed report of the committee, but none of J
the court; and I have sent for it twice at thisses- l;
sion. !;
Mr. IVERSON. Then it has been mislaid in 'j
some way. They have all been printed. j>
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Georgia j,
does not understand our point. It is very possi- j!
ble these reports may have been printed. We ;;
called the attention of the Secretary to the fact (i
that they are not put on our files. I cannot find ij
any of them. I have sent a pajje two or three
times, and J cannot get one. They are not put j
on our files; so that wc are unable to see what
they are.
Mr. IVERSON. They rrrny not be on the files,
but they are in the private boxes of gentlemen, m
the room where these reports arc kept, I presume.
^ Mr. BENJAMIN. I have sent two or three
times, and I cannot find any.
Mr. PUGH. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill; and I ask, by general
consent, m this case, where the committee and
court differ, that we may have the advantage of
seeing in print what the law requires to be re-
ported to Congress—the opinion of the court and
the dissenting opinion, if there be one, with a
brief of the solicitor and claimants. I am not
able to form an opinion on the case.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
The Senate* as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 30)
for the relief of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of
Hugh Montgomery, which provides for the pay-
ment of §5,000, as full compensation for the suc-
cessful efforts of Captain Hqgh Montgomery, in
saving the powder and munitions of war belong-
ing to the United States on board the ship Nancy,
j an\l for his interest in her value, which he blew
up to prevent her and her cargo from falling into
the hands of the enemy during the war of the
Revolution.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, with an amendment to
add:
And that the said sum be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of <uiy money m the Tieasuiy not otherwise
appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any report in
this case ? If so, I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Evans, January 28, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims to whom was
referred the petition ot Elizabeth Montgomeiy, daughter of
Captain Hugh Montgomery, ptaying relief, bug leave to
adopt their immer repoit, as heretofore made at tile last
Mission of (Jongies«? which is as follows, to wit:
The memoiml ot the petitioner, winch is very circum-
stantial in siibntancc, pi events these facts: She i-< the daugh-
ter of Captain Hush Montgomeiy, formerly of Wilmington,
in the State of Delaware, and employed a* captain of the
bii" Nancy ot that port, belonging io himself and others ;
tlnu, m tins la-ftor pait of the year 1775. the «aid brig, char-
tered by Robeit Moms, then a member of Congress, was
dispatched to the West Indies with a eaigo of Hour, to be
sold and tin* piocoeds to be icturned to the United States in
gunpowder and munitions of war. The carco was sold at
Potto Kico, and the Nancy then proceeded to St. Croix,
where she was privately loaded with her return cargo, con-
sisting of four bundled and s \ty haired ot gunpowder, fax
long four poundeis, four ehe-ts of small aim-, and other
munitions ot war, and with sundiy articles of merchandise
belonging to the said Montgomeiy. Afh-r the reception of
his eatgo, by mean-- of the cannon and some swivels, and
| other aims, Captain .Montgomeiy convened Ins ship into a
! vesMjI-of-war, and mailed lorthe Delawaie m otder that he
| might deliver his cargo at Philadelphia, according to Ins di-
I lections. When he apptcached the Delawaie capes, he was
j intoieeptecl by two l>iiti.-h >hip^-of-war. lie succeeded in
i beating ot! the boats sent to eaptuie hint, but, finding it un-
' possible to e -cape eaptuie, he lau in- -hip into ^hoai water
| and commenced removing the powder and munitions ot war
i to the shoie. and securing them tiom capture, leaving the
' pi ivate pmpei ty to it- late, lie kept oil the enenj) V boats !
whil-t he lauded two hundred and lotty-four bairels of the |
powdet.lhe cannon,-mall aim-, and other munitions of |
war, with the aid ot Captain Weeks, who commanded some
American vosteH-of-war within the capo-. j
When he had so far succeeded in saving the cargo, one I
ol the enemy's vessels appioaehcd within thtee hundred j
• yaid-, cast anehoi, and opemd a destiuetive inc. whilst !
I -eveiai boats, tilled with men, approached lor tho purpose I
1 of boaiding the Nancy. Finding it nnpo-Mble fo«<ave moie j
| of the powdei and the private piopeity, he left the vessel, ;
1 having laid a nam and match communicating with the |
I powder.preteuitig to destioy both his vessel and the ro*t of I
| her cargo, lather than it should fail mto the hands of the '
j enemy. Too boats' crewa had scarcely taken possession of ;
tho vessel, when she was blown up with all on boaid, and, i
I with the lemams of her cargo, was desttoj ed. That patt i
! of the caigo which had been saved wastmnsported to Plnl- j
j adeijihia, and safolv dehveied to the agent-' ot the Govern- ]
1 ment. Subsequently to tin.-, Captain .Montgomeiy went to :
| >ea in a private aimed ship, was captinc'd by a Buu-h i
! eiui-er, nnpii-<oned for a long tune, and ticated with gieat '
hai --bn ess on account of the de ,ti action ot :•<> many lii iti-ii ■
saiio.'s bv blowing up his vessel, as before stated. Dining j
his IcVig nnpii-onment his mind became disoideied, and !
dining ins voyage homewaid, after hi- ielea>(\ he leaped |
ovoiboai'i. in a fit of in-anitv. and was drowned, leaving a
widow, who has been long dead, and the petitioner, his '
onlv child, then a small cnl. ;
'/'he petitioner pia>  that Congress .should make her some |
compensation far the Jo-ses of h< r tathei. sustained in the |
desti notion of'hw vessel, a- before stated, and tor his pani- |
otic conduct in saving the public piopeity, then ko muiii |
needed, to tiie neglect of his own. winch he might have
&aved, instead ot that winch belonged to the public. j
A claim is set up tor the value ot this pnvate property, j
shipped on boatd the Nam. von Jus own account. Butofthn j
rfo swti-faetoivevidence lms> been given, and the committee ]
have been unable to lorm anv estimate or its value. As to j
the otlio** pait of the claim, the mam facts aie luliy proved i
by an athdavtr oi' Captain Mendfe uhali, who was one of the ,
ciewof the Nanev. and cognizant of all the facts of the ,
voyage, and the safe landing of the gi eater pait of the |
munitions of wai. The blowing up of the vessel, and the |
saving of the gunpowder, are stated man original letter, j
filed with the evidence^ from George k«ed,one of the sign- '
ers of the Declaration of Independence, to his wife, dated
the 6th of July, 1776, a few days after the occurrence. And,
on the whole, the committee are of opinion that the facts
hereinbefore set forth are satisfactorily proved.
If, as is alleged, the vessel was chartered for the purpose
set foith, it is presumed no doubt could exist that the Gov-
ernment ought to pay; the destruction being beneficial to it,
and inevitable under the circumstances, to preventthe ves-
sel and her cargo fjoin falling mto the hands of the enemy.
Many claims of this kind have been paid.
The great difficulty in allowing this claim is its antiquity;
but in this case the delay is satisfactory accounted foi.
On a review oi the whole case, the committee have come
to the conclusion that the petitioner ought to be hbeiallyre-
muneiated to the extent of any loss sustained m the de-
stitution of the vessel by her father.
But after such a length of time no evidence could be fur-
nished of the value of the vessel. Any estimate would be
conjectural; but as the claim is a just one, they have come
to the conclusion to give her $5,060, as a full and final sat-
isfaction of her claim, and report a bill for that purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, ami passed.
DB VISSER AND VILLARUBIA.
The bill (S. No. 103) for the relief of Simon
De Visser and Jose Viilarubia, of New Orleans,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to release De Visser and Viilarubia,
merchants, of New Orleans, from the payment of
all claims, penalties, and forfeitures which may
legally exist against them, in favor of the United
States arising out of frauds committed in the cus-
tom-house of New Orleans by one Charles Mot-
eye, they having been judicially declared to be
entirely innocent of those frauds, and especially
to release them from the penalties and forfeitures
claimed by reason of those frauds in two suits
now pending in  the district court of the United
States for the eastern district of Louisiana, in
which the United States are plaintiffs, and De
Visser and Viilarubia are defendants, with a pro-
viso that tho said defendants shall pay all costs
incurred in the suits, and that the rights of the
United States against Charles Meteye shall be
reserved.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. TOOMBS. Ttie petition of the party was
adopted by the committee after full investigation.
Mr, KING. I ask that it be read ifit be brief.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is long. The case has been
tried in the district court, and the parties exoner-
ated from all blame
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to lie engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
O. H. BERRYMAN.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
(S. No. 108) for the relief of O. H. Beiryman and
others, from the Court of Claims, winch was re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the adverse re-
port of the committee be agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 ask for the reading of the
report.
Mr. IVERSON. The report is a very lengthy
one from the Court of Claims. I do not remem-
ber whether there is a report from the committee.
I believe there is, however. The report of the
committee can be read.
The Secretary read the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest that that bill be post-
poned until to-morrow. It seems to be a fair case
of doubt, and 1 move that it be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DE VISSER AND VILLARUBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. While I was absent, acci-
dentally, a few moments ago, I find that a bill,
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, has
been passed. My friend from Virginia has been
kind enough to say that he would move a recon-
sideration. It is not with any view to delay the
bill; but if he will make the motion, I will state
my objections to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the vote
on the passage of the bill for the relief of Simon
De Visser and Jose Viilarubia, of New Orleans.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If my colleague desires to
oppose that bill, and he was not in his seat, I have
no objection to its being reopened.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurring on tho passage of the bill,
