1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
brought speedily to a vote, without debate; and I
rise for the purpose of suggesting to the gentle-
man-from Indiana, that he affix a proviso to hts
resolution,excludingany righton the part ofarvy
nujiTibcr, when that report is Mfldfi, to introduces
bill to admit Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, and to have it put to a vote, so long as
five members of the committee may desire further I
time to present the facts before the House and j
tiie country. With a proviso of that kind, 1 will i
support it. |
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask tliis question:
whether it would be in order to move to strike
out a resolution and to inserta bill; whether any
such proposition was ever made or entertained by
the House of Representatives?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order. The Chair never knew such a
proposition to be made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I recollect that a foreign
State was once admitted into the Union by a. joint
resolution. Why not admit another State in the
same way ?
The SPEAKER. Did not that joint resolution
originate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
Mr. COLFAX. I desire the ear of my col-
league for a suggestion to be made to him. He
must see that the objections on this side of the
House, to allowing unanimous consent for the in-
troduction of these reports out of their order, are
insuperable. Rut I have no doubt that if ho
would modify his proposition so as to call for the
official journal of this committee, it would be
heartily acceded to on this side. With the argu-
ments of the majority and minority of the com-
mittee before us, we can judge oy the official
record whether they have carried out the instruc-
tions of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man will allow me for a moment: it is not in
order, but I must do it in reply to the gentleman
in the latitude of debate he has taken... There was
no official journal kept by this committee. If there
•was any record kept of the proceedings of the
committee, (and I think there was,) it was unoffi-
cial. The committee had no clerk, and no journal
was ever read to the committee.
Mr. COLFAX. J am perfectly willing, then,
that the committee shall get together and agree
upon what shall be their official record. Those
fifteen gentlemen can certainly remember every
material proposition that was presented to them.
Mr. HARtUS, of Illinois. I desire to say a
word.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say a word inreply
to my colleague, [Mr. Colfax,] and then 1 will
yield to the gentleman from Illinois. There is no
necessity for the course suggested by my col-
league. A journal was kept by the gentleman
from Illinois, who is chairman of the committee,
and he now presents what purports to be a record
of the proceedings of the committee, in which is
embodied ihe identical paper which the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephen^] desires to report;
and I take it that if the gentleman from Georgia
reports a portion of the same facts embraced tn
the statement which the gentleman from Illinois
proposes to submit, it makes no material differ-
ence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to reply to
the statement of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] that there was no journal kept
of the proceedings of the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No official
journal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not know what
the gentleman calls an official journal. I do
know that it has been the uniform practice of the
committees of this House to keep a journal of
their proceedings, and that the chairman is charged
with that duty, unless the committee is allowed
a clerk by order of the House. As chairman of
that committee, I kept a careful record of every
proceeding of the committee, which was signed
by me, and is as regular and correct as if it had
been made out by forty clerks, and is the official
journal of the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. All I can say
is, mat as far as I know, if there was an official
journal kept, the majority of that committee never
lieurd it read. It could not be an oificml journal
of proceedings unless it was read and approved
by the committee, as the Journals of this House
are. read and approved by the House. It could
not be an official journal, unless it received the
sanction of the committee itself.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to understand the prop-
osition which is made, for there seems to be a di-
versity of opinion in reference to it on this side
of the House. It is, as 1 understand it, that the
journals of this committee, with the reports of
the majority and minority of the committee, are
to be submitted to the House, and postponed until
some day when the question of privilege will again
come before the House. Is that to be the record
upon which we are to act when the question of
privilege comes up ? Is that what the genleman
means ?
Mr. ENGLISH. What I propose is simply
this: that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Har-
ris] and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] shall have leave to present their state-
ments or reports, or whatever you please to call
them, that they shall be printed; and that all fur-
ther action on the subject be postponed until some
subsequent day—say until this day week. Then,
if I understand it, the question before the House
will stand precisely as it does now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
the proposition to be this: the gentleman from
Illinois withdraws his appeal from the decision of
the Chair. By unanimous consent, then, the re-
ports of the majority and minority of the com-
mittee shall be received, and that they shall then
be postponed until this day week. I will agree to
that.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope nobody will object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, Mr. DEAN,
and othei s, objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the rules will be ad-
ministered strictly and let us go on and vote.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States by J. B. Henry, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
had approved and signed the printing deficiency
bill.]
Mr. QUITMAN. I call the previous question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have not yielded the lhior.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I prefer to say what I have
to say, and tlim yield the floor altogether.
Mr. MORRILL. Being a member of that com-
mittee I d< sire to make a single suggestion.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. MORRILL. The suggestion I have to make
is, that the gentleman from Illinois shall submit
his proposition, and that the report of the commit-
tee shall be received informally and printed, and
then the whole subject shall be postponed for one
week.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to submit to the Chair
whether, if these majority and minority reports
are submitted now and ordered to be printed, the
matter will not then come up in precisely the
shape in which it now stands ?
The SPEAKER.. In the opinion of the Chair
the papers would be before the House for debate
and consideration.
Mr. ENGLISH!. In the same condition in
which we have them to-day?
The SPEAKER. The papers would be before
the House, and the question pending would be oil
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand, then, that the
questions will rorae up in the same order m which
we leave them to-day ?
■Tile SPEAKER. In the same.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then 1 hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object to this discus-
sion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to give
an explanation of my objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana. It is that when
the report of the committee comes before the
House, by unanimous consent or otherwise, it is
in the possession and under the control of the
House. Then, if a majority be opposed to the
recommitment of the report and these papers,
they can vote down that proposition. Then, if
there is a majority m favor of sustaining the pre-
vious question, they Cc'-n sustain the previous ques-
tion, and it will bring the House directly to a vote
upon the resolution reported by the committee;
and it will also be in order for the gentleman from
Georgia to move a joint resolution for the admis-
sion of Kansas, as a substitute for the resolution
reported by the committee; and then the majority
of the House will have it in their power to pass
that resolution. And I go one step further, and
say that even if there were no resolution appended
to the report, if the House accept that report, and
nothing more, there is no gentleman here at all
conversant with the views of gentlemen on the
other side of the House, and recently expressed
in the other branch of the Legislature, but would
hold that the adoption of a report like that of the
majority of the committee would be equivalent to
a vote on the part of the House to admit Kansas
as a State, and the adoption of such a report by
each of the two Houses ofCongress would amount
to a sufficient legislative admission of Kansas, or
recognition of it as a State. For these reasons,
and unless this report comes in merely upon a
question of privilege, and as ancillary and subor-
dinate to that, and not as the foundation of any
substantive legislative action, and in no contin-
gency to be construed to admit Kansas into the
Union, I object to it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would state
to the gentleman from Maine, and to that side of
the House—not, however, by way of concession
at all, but simply because I want them to know
it—that it is not my object, nor is it the object of
this side of the House to introduce anything, or
any joint resolution, or to take any action further
than the resolution itself, in reference to the ad-
mission of Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then the gen-
tleman will accomplish his object by allowing his
report to be introduced as a part of the record by
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No sir; I stand
by the rights of that committee.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have been requested to yield
the floor a moment to the gentleman from New
Jersey. I will do so, and then I will yield no
further.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am a member of the investi-
gating committee, and that is the only reason that
I have risen to say a word. I see we are approach-
ing a definite point in this matter. At that we
ought to be rejoiced. Itappeared here, this morn-
ing, as if we should be involved in a great excite-
ment; but it is passing away, and 1 hope it will
pass away with good feeling. The proposition
now made by the gentleman from Indiana is a
correct proposition, and one which ought to be
adopted by this House, on this side and on that.
It was said by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] that he hoped there was nothing un-
fair m this matter. I say to him that there is
nothing unfair, so far as my action is concerned.
I think it is fair to the House, and fair to the
country, that the reports should be received by
this House, and that they should be printed, so
that the House may know what they are, and
what the definite question is to be decided when
this matter comes up next week.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether it is in order to discuss
anything except the merits of the question of
privilege ?
Tlie SPEAKER. It is not strictly in order;
but other gentlemen have been allowed consider-
able latitude of debate.
Mr. ADRAIN. I know it is notin order; but
a great deal has been said out of order; but we
are on a sort of compromise this morning.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object to these compromises.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have listened to all the ob-
jections which have been urged against my prop-
osition, and it does not seem to rne that any of
them have sufficient weight; and 1 hope,upon fur-
ther consideration of the subject, that they will be
withdrawn. In order to accommodate the views
of some gentlemen who have interposed those ob-
jections I will modify my proposition still further
so that it shall be in this shape; that the gentleman
from Illinois, and the gentleman from Georgia, be
allowed by unanimous consent to submit their re-
ports; that an order be made to print them; but
that their reports shall not be accompanied by any
bill or joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to that
! for the same reasons that I objocted to the other
i proposition.
I Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
