1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0.133
alone: debate ensued, which was participated in
by Messrs. Sltdell, Toombs, Benjamin, Sim-
mons, CoLLAMER, 1\ 15rs0n, fessenden, hous-
ton, Clay, King, and Bayard. The bill was
passed with an amendment. [This debate will be
published in The Appendix.] i
Mr, STUART. I move that the Senate proceed |
to the consideration of executive business. j
Mr. SEWARD. It is nearly five o'clock, and '
I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 14, 1858.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. <
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury, I
in answer to a resolution of the 5th May, calling
for papeis relating to the claim of J. H. Wheeler,
late Minister to Nicaragua; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
He also laid before the House a communication
from the Commissioner of Patents, transmitting
the agricultural portion of the annual PatentOifice
report; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the report of
the Committee of-the Whole on the state of the
Union on the territorial bills made yesterday, be-
ginning with a bill (H. R. No. 5G) making an ap-
propriation for the completion of the military road
from Astoria to Salem, in Oregon Territory.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw my motion to re-
commit the bills to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and 1 move the previous
question on the engrossment of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded tell-
ers on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins,
and Davis of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS moved a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answei to their names:
Ahl. Bi-hop, Bonha.n, Bravton, Bur-
nett, Bum-, Buirouizhs, Campbell. Caiutliei-, Horace F.
Clark, Clark ft Cochrane. Comma, Cox, CraL'tn, Davis of
Maryland, Dcwart. Edie, Elliott, En^h-h, C11-41-, Garnett,
Guiding", GiNi--, Gieenwood, Grotabtck, Giow, Lawrence
W. Hall, H.ulan. Hatch, Hickman, Hoaul, Houston,
Hughes, ilu\jer, Jenkins Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Ke^ey,
Kil^ore, Jacob iU. fuiukel. Lawrence, Leidv, Letchei,
MacTay. >Llv:bbm, McUucen, Humph ley Marshall, M<won,
Mile«."Mo!itLronieiy, Fieciiian H Alotse, Muriay, NichoN,
Palmei, Powell. Finviance. Reilly. Ricaud, Ruheits, Sav-
age. Scales Scort, Scaring, Sewatd, Aaron Slniw, Henry
M. Shaw, JiuLon \V Sherman, Ssekle-. Singleton, Robert
Smith, Samuel A Smith, William Smith. StalltfOith, Stan-
ton, Stevenson. William Stewart. Tappai\ George Taylor,
Miles T.i\ior, Thavei, Thompson, Watd, YVairen, Wat-
km«. Whiteley, Wnhlow, Wortendjke, Augustas R,
Wright, and John V. Wngliu
Pending the call,
Mr. MOORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stallwortii, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. REAGAN stated that his colleague, Mr,
Bryan, had been detained at his room yesterday
by sickness, and he piesumed that his absence
to-day was owing to the same cause.
A quorum of members having answered to their
names,
Mr. ZOLLJCOFFER moved that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question on House bill No. 5G.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied; and under its operation
the bill was engrossed ami read a third time.
Mr. BRANCH moved the previous question on
the passage of the biU
Tho previous que^ion w^s seconded, and the
main question oniered.
Mr. JONES, of Tenim? orked for theyer-^
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weic not ordered,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the ,
bill on the table. ;
The motion was not agreed to. !
Thequestlon was taken,and the bid was passed. |
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote :
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to :
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. j
WAGON ROAD IN NEW MEXICO. i
The next bill taken up was a bill (H. R. No. j
47^) making an appropriation for the construc- j
tion of a wagon and emigrant load in the Terri- j
tory of New Mexico, reported back from the Com- t
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with !
the following amendment; j
Strike out alt after the enacting clause, and insert: 1
Thai the sum ot SI00.000 he, and is hereby, appiopuated, j
out of any money pi the Tiear^ury not otherwise appropn- |
ated. to lie expended in completing connected yertion-. of ,
the road extending riom Albuqueique, in the Tcrutoiyof|
New Mexico, westwaid. on the mute to the Colorado river,
on or near the thirty-fifth parallel oi north latitude. (
Mr. REAGAN. The official report says that j
emigrants can travel that road at the rate of forty !
miles a day, without doubling teams. j
The question was taken on the amendment; and '
it was agreed to. !
Mr. BRANCH moved the previous question on •
the engrossment of the bill. j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill. j
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in ]
the negative—yeas 64, nays 79; as follows; !
YEAS—Mo<rs. Adiam, Andei.-on, Arnold, Blan, Bh^, 1
Bowie. Bulhnton, Bailing.une, Chalk e, Eai i ri.uk, John ;
15. Clark. Claw -on, Clav, Jolin Cochrane, Collax. Connie, ;
Cragm. lani'^ Ciaig, Cuite*, Damiell, Dawc-. Dinunuk,
Ootid, (Mie, Florence, Fo-tei, (iilmaii, Gooch. Gieenwood,
Grow, llobeit B Hall, Hawkins Hill, Hoaul, llorroti, .
Hmler, Kei>ey, John <\ Kuukel, Leid\, Luveioy , Maelrn, 1
Uuinpiney Mai-hail, Samuel S. .Marshall. Maynaid. 3iui- j
gnu, Mouill, Edward Joy Morin, Niblack. Olin, Pettit, \
l'he(p>. I'tcatiu, Ritchie, Robhins, Aaron Siiaw, Spinnci, ■
Stanton, Stephen*, Walton, Lrael Washburn, White, Wil- .
son, and YVortendyke—04. j
NAYS — Abbott, Atkm«, Averv, Bennett, Bmjr- ■
ham, Boyee. Branch, Ca<=e. Caj-kie, Chapman, Clemen-, !
Covnde. Ciawtoid, Cuny, bavid-on. Davi-? ot Indiana, :
Paviv of MesMf—inpi, ot Iowa. Dick. Dndd. T)u!lvc, ,
Edmund^on, Fenton, Folev. Gditiell, Goode, Goodwin. '
Giang°i Giegg.Thoma-' L. Harris, llopkin-, Mowaid, l.iek- :
son, Jeuett. Geotgt; W. Jone<, .1. Glanev Jones Oven I
Knapp. Lea<'h. Leitei, Letcher. MeQnecn, Ma^on, :
Matt^on. Miller, Milhon, Moore, l^aac Moirit, Oliver !
A. Moi^e, Parket. I'endlefon, Peyton, I'luiii}!-, Pike, Poftei, .
Toitlc. Quifman. Reagan. Rovck, Rutfin. Ru !1. Sa-idu!g< , 1
Scales, Soanng, lohn Sherman. Siucleton, William Smith, 1
Steven-on, William Stewair, Talbot. Toinpkin-. I'iuIli- I
wood. Wade. Wa'Inidge, Waldion. Caitwaiader i'. Wa^li- ;
bain. Hllihu B. Wu-hbunie, Wood, and Zo!hcofi''i—T'J. |
So the bill was rejected.
Ponding the vote,
Mr. LEIDY stated that his eollengue, Mr.
Di:wart, was detained from the House by indis-
position. ! '
Mr. SHORTER stated that lie had paired off ||
with Mr. McMibbix: and that Mr. McKibbi.v
would have voted for, and lurnself against, the !
bill. ~ |
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the bill was n-jucted, and a!-o moved
to lav the motion to jecoivader on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ;
ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY. ;
The next bill taken up was a bill (H. R. No. ,
5Sj for the completion of military roads m th^
Teruto;y of V/a^hington, imported hack by the ;
Committee of the Whole on the state of t he Union, ,
with the following amendment to be added to the :
bill:
.5'i'1 la if fvrihir cr :t< ted. Tnai the si'in of ^lo 010 i- ap-
p'opnated ior the completion of the militar\ road nom r«nt 1
Vancouver to Fort Stcilacoom, ni mo Teuitoiy oi Wa-.li- ,
inyiun.
Mr, DRANCL1 called foi the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill. ,
The previous question was seconded, and tiie ;
main (question oiuered. ;
The amendment was agreed to.
A[r. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not think we
wont rmlif.ny mods to hunt Indians. I roll for
the W.b and n.iys on the: j ;;s-d:^e of the bill. :
The yejs a'ul nays Wit: ordered. :
The q'-ec.'ion was taken; and it w:t thnidod  n
the n'^ative—yee.s 51, nays 1)9; as follows: j
Vr„\;- -M'.-S'-. Abbott. Adinn.Ah!, Andivw?. Arnold;
Bennett, BilhnghurM, Bliss, Bowie, Buftmton, Burhngame,
Burnt:, Case, Ezra Clark. Clawson, Clay, Colfax, Cotnins,
James Craig, Dawes, Dimmick, Farnyworth, Florence,
Foster,Gilhs, Gilnnm,Goocl , Goodwin, Greenwood, Giow,
Hoiton, Hurler, Kilgore, JohnC. Knnkel. Leach, Lovejoy,
Hmnphiey Marshall, Edward Joy Morn?, Niblack, Phelps,
Ruchie, Aaron Shaw, John SliPrman, Robert Smith, Stan-
ton, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkmes, White, W.ilson.and Wortendyke—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Bm?Jiam.Biair, Boeock,
Boyce, Branch, Chaffee, Chapman, John B. Clark, C em-
en-j, Cobb, Cockcnll, Covode, CrawToid, Curry, Damrell,
Davidson, Davi-* of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Fowa, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmund-^on, English,
Fenton, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Goode, Grander,
Grejrir, Robcit B. Ilall, Thomas L. Hams, Hawkins, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W,
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Kel«ev, Knapp,
Leidy, Leirer, Macla.v, McQueen, Samuel S. 'Marsliali,
Mattobon, Maynaid, MilKon, Moore, Moigan, Isaac N.
Morn«. Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettil,
Peyton, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Quitman, Reagan, Ricaud,
Robbing Ptovce, Ituffin, Ru-sscll, S-mdidirc. Scales, Jud^oa
W Sherman, Shortei, Sincleton, Wjlhain Smith, Spinner,
Stcvei^on, Talbot,George Taylor, MilesTaylor, Tompkins,
Tuppe, Underwood, Cadwalader C. Wa.-hburn, Elhhu B,
Wa-hbunie, Winslovv, Wood, Wood&on, Augustus R.
Wnght, and Zollicoffei—9Q.
i So the bill was rejected.
j Mr. CHAFFEE. Has the morning hour ex-
! pired ?
| The SPEAKER. It has not commenced.
I Mr. CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
I to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
! Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Pri\atn Calendar.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope we shall
dispose of these territorial bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope they
will be postponed until some day next week,
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
| House has sufficiently indicated its purpose in ref-
i erence to these bills, and we might as wdl dispose
! of the whole of them at once.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Some of the
bills are of a different character from those on
which we have acted, and I hope the House will
pass them without the yeas and nays.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
| On motion of Mr. M AYXARD, by unanimous
' consent, the Committee of Claims was discharged
| from the further consideration of the petition and
I papers of B. Maillefert; and the same v/cre re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
KEPORT FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Court of
Claims, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Richard Fitzpatnck; which v/as read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and, with the report, ordered to be piinted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw his motion for
the present, and let the committees bo called for
the purpose of receiving reports of a private char-
3"Mr. CHAFFEE. Will that be the order of
business if I withdraw my motion?
The SPEAKER. Not except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Then, I must insist on my
motion.
Mi. Q/QTTMAN. I would ask the gentleman
to permit me to make some reports of a private
nature, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
for the purpose of having them placed upon the
(_\ih'nd;i.r.
Mr.WASHljURNE, of Illinois. I hope unan-
imous consent will he given. 1 drsire to repoit
some private bills from the Committee on Com-
merce, for the purpose of having them placed upon
the Private Calendar, and printed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to devote one hour to the cail of commit-
tees for reports of a private nature?
Mr. MORGAN". 1 object.
Several Members. Withdraw the objection.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I withdraw it.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
No further objection bein.r m.«dc, the Speaker
proceeded to call the commits s for i--poirs rf a
nnvate character, com in"ne<n^ with the call of the
Committee of Claims for bus-ncss reIotirg to the
Court of Cioim?.
