1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
35th Cong....1st Sess.
would have brought us $100,000,000. "VVe have
sold it for $65,000,000, and saved you. Thirty-
five million dollars we, the slaveholders of the
South, have put into the charity-box for your
magnificent financiers, your cotton lords, your
merchant princes.
Bat, sir, the greatest strength of thcSouth arises
from the harmony of her political and social in-
stitutions. This harmony gives her a frame of
society, the best in the world, and an extent of
political freedom, combined with entire security,
such as no other people ever enjoyed upon the facc
of the earth. Society precedesgovernment;creates
it, and ought to control it; but as far as we can look
back in historic times we find the case different;
for government is no sooner created than it be-
comes too strong for society, and shapes and
molds, as well as controls it. In later centuries
the progress of civilization and of intelligence has
made the divergence so great as to produce civil
wars and revolutions; and it is nothing now but
the want of harmony between governments and
societies which occasions all the uneasiness and
trouble and terror that we see abroad. It was this
that brought on the American Revolution. We
threw off a Government not adapted to our social
system, and made one for ourselves. The ques-
tion is, how far have we succecded ? The South,
bo far as that is concerned, is satisfied, harmoni-
ous, and prosperous.
In all social systems there must be a class to do
the menial duties, to perform the drudgery of life.
That is, a class requiring but alow order of intel-
lect and but little skill. Its requisites arc vigor,
docility, fidelity. Such a class you must have,
or you would not have that other class which leads
progress, civilization, and refinement. It consti-
tutes the very mud-sill of society and of political
government; and you might as" well attempt to
build a house in the air, as to bjuild either the one
or the other, except on this mud-sill. Fortu-
nately for the South, she found a race adapted to
that purpose to her hand—a race inferior to her
own, but eminently qualified in tempct,m vigor,
in docility, in capacity to stand the ohmate, to an-
swer all her purposes. We use them for our pur-
pose, and call them slaves. We found them slaves
by the " common consent of mankind," which,
according to Cicero, " lex naturaz est;,} the high-
est proof of what is Nature's law. We are old-
fashioned at the South yet; it is a word discarded
now by "ears polite. I will not characterize
that class at the North by that term; but you have
it; it is there; it is everywhere; it is eternal.
The Senator from New York said yesterday
that the whole world had abolished slavery. Ay,
the name, but not the thing; all the powers of the
earth cannot abolish it. God only ran do it when
he repeals the fiat," the poor ye always have with
you;" for the man who lives by daily labor, and
scarcely lives at that, and who has to put out his
labor in the market and take the best he can get
for it; in short, your whole hireling class of man-
ual laborers and " operatives," asj'ou call them,
arc essentially slaves. The difference between us
is, that our slaves are lured for life and well com-
pensated; theie is'no starvation, no begging, no
want of employment among our people, and not
too much employment either. Yours are hired
by the day, not cared for, and scantily compen-
sated, which may be proved m the most painful
manner, at any hour, in any street in any of your
large towns. Why, you meet more beggars in
one day, in any single street of the city or' New
York, than you would meet in a lifetime in the
whole South. We do not think that whites should
be slaves, either by law or necessity. Our slaves
are black, of another and inferior race. The status
in which we have placod them is an elevation. 1
They arc elevated from the condition m which
God fhst created them, by being made our slaves. ;
None of that race on the whole face of the globe 1
can be compared with the slaves of the South.
They are happy, content, unaspiring, and uttcily j
incapable, from intellectual weakness, ever to give ;
us any trouble by their aspirations. Yours aie j
white, of your own race; you are btoihery of one '
blood. They arc your equals in natural endow- ■
ment of intellect, and they fori galled by their
degradation. Oar slaves do not vote. We give
them no political power. Yours do vote; and be- !
ing the majority, they are the depositaries of all i
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Phillips. t
your political power. If they knew the tremen-
dous secret,, that the ballot-box is stronger than
"an army with banners," and could combine,
where %vould you be ? Your society would be re-
constructed, your government overthrown, your
property divided, not as they have mistakenly
attempted to initiate such proceedings by meeting
in parks, with arms in their hands, hut by the
quiet process of the ballot-box. You have been
making war upon us to our very hearth-stones.
How would you like for us to send lecturers and
agitators North, to teach these people this, to aid
in combining, and to lead them?
Mr. WILSON and others. Send them alons;.
Mr. HAMMOND. You say, send them along.
There is no need of that. Your people are awak-
ing. They are coming here. They are thunder-
ing at our doors for homesteads,one hundred and
sixty acres of land for nothing;, and southern Sen-
ators are supporting them. Nay, they are assem-
bling, as I have said, with arms in their hands,
and demanding work at SI,000 a year for six
hours a day. Have you heard that the ghosts
of Mendoza and Torquemada are stalking in the
streets of your great cities; that the inquisition
is at hand? There is afloat a fearful rumor that
there have been consultations for vigilance com-
mittees. You know what that means.
Transient and temporary causes have thus far
been your preservation. The great West has
been open to your surplus population, and your
hordes of semi-barbarian immigrants, who are
crowding in year by year. They make a great
movement, and you call it progress Whither?
It is progress; but it is progress towards vigilance
committees. The South have sustained you in a
great measure. You are our factors. You bring i
and carry for us. One hundred and fifty million j
dollars of our money passes annually through 1
your hands. Much of it sticks; all of it assists !
to keep your machinery together and in motion. !
Suppose we were to discharge you; suppose we ]
were to take our business out of your hands: wo
should consign you to anarchy and poverty. I
You complain of the rule of the South: that has ]
been another cause that has preserved you. We ;
have kept the Government conservative to the '
great purposes of government. We have placed
her, and kept her, upon the Constitution; and
that has been the cause of your peace and pros-
perity. The Senator from New York says that
that is about to be at an end; that you intend to
take the Government fjom us; that it will pass
from our hands. Perhaps what he says is true;
it may be; but do not forget—it can never be for-
gotten; it is written on the brightest page of hu-
man history—that we, the slaveholders of the
South, took ourcountry in her infancy; and,after
ruling her for sixty out of the seventy years of
her existence, we shall surrender her to you with-
out a stain upon her honor, boundless in pros-
perity, incalculable in her strength, the wonder
and the admiration of the world. Time will show
what you will make of her; but no time can ever
diminish our glory or your responsibility.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. M. PHILLIPS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 9, 1858.
[REVISED 15Y HIMSELF.M
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union—
Mr. PHILLIPS said:
Mr. Chairman: It was my intention, as it yet
would be ray preference, to have forborne the
expression of my views on this subject until the
question of the admission of Kansas into the
Union as a State was regularly brought to the
notice of this House. Hut, limited as has been
my experience in this House, it has sufneed to
show me that opportunities of obtaining the floor
are neither frequent nor certain, and that, if I re-
linquish it now, I may not again have the oppor-
tunity of proclaiming the sentiments which I en-
11 Fur the ongmal report* l*pc p ige 1017 Con?. 05ubt\
Ho. or Reps.
tertain, the knowledge of which there are many
who are entitled to have.
I look upon this question as one in which the
peace of the Union is involved. I do not speak of
its permanence, nor do I suppose that there is any
real danger of its early dissolution. But when its
peace is disturbed; w£en, from one extreme to die
othei, there is strife, there is contention, there is
violence and tumult, where there should be quiet;
it becomes, Mr. Chairman, an unwilling Union,
the value of which all begin to calculate, and what
may follow some day is much more easy to Be
anticipated than pleasant to be considered.
This subject of territorial legislation has been
at all times prolific of discord. It was at the time
of the attempt, and the successful attempt, at the
introduction of Louisiana into the Union as a
State, that an eminent gentleman from Massachu-
setts uttered in the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives what I have no doubt those who hear
me have read with deep regret that it was ever
uttered there:
" If this bill passes, it is my deliberate opinion that it is
virtually a dissolution of this Union; that it will free the
States from their moral obligation, and as it will be the right
of all, so it will be the duty of some, definitely to prepare
for a separation; amicably, if they can; violently, if they
must."
There are some here, too, Mr. Chairman, who
can well recollect the excitement and the painful
anxiety occasioned, in 1819 and 1820, by the ad-
mission of Missouri into the Union. And now,
when a similar boon is asked for her neighbor that
was then extended to Missouri herself, no man of
truth will deny that there exists, throughout the
length and breadth of this land,a feeling of solici-
tudeand excitement; and that there is amongst the
extremists an almost sacrilegious joy at the recur-
rence of events calculated to jar and disturb the
harmony of the Union, which a bold attack can
never pioduce.
Since her organization as a Territory, Kansas
has known no peace. Since the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, Kansas has been the theater
of strife and tumult. With everything to make
her people happy and comfortable, with a richness
of soil and purity of climate almost uncqualed,
it has been the scene of discord, of i'lot, of vio-
lence, and of bloodshed, and it is time now that
these things should be stopped; Kansas calls upon
us to stop them; the people of every State in the
Union expect as much from us; anu, Mr. Chair-
man, we must consider what is the effectual way
of stopping them, and when wefind that, we must
apply the effective means, if we can do so, con-
stitutionally, and in obedience to the recognized
law of the land. Shall peace be restored by the
Federal authorities, by the bayonets of the Uni-
ted States troops, by the more constant vigilance
and attention of the soldiers or Federal officers,
or shall it be restored by the people of Kansas
herself? Shall she not be thrown at once upon
her own resources, and shall not her citizens be
told: " You shall be the conservators of yourown
peace, and if you are a law-abiding people—if
you have a population, such as it has been boasted
here over and over again that you have, we appeal
to you to obey the law, to support the law, and
to restore peace to your people in the State of
Kansas?" Believing, as I do, that peace can be
reestablished there permanently only by her admis-
sion as a State into this Union, and that the prog-
ress and prosperity of Kansas must begin to date
from that act, I sincerely hope she will be admit-
ted so soon as it is ascertained that she is in a
condition entitling her to that privilege, and jus-
tifying us in according it.
I shall proceed, Mr. Chairman, to show that the
admission of Kansas into this Union under her
present application, and with the Lecompton con-
stitution, is regular, is according to established
principle, according to recognized precedent, and
according to what some gentlemen on this floor
dare not deny is good authority. If this he so,
and she has a republican constitution, I say we
hove no right, regarding the peace and interests of
our citizens, to hesitate for one moment to admit
her. I shall do little more, in the limited time
allowed me, than assert the principles that I main-
tain, using but little argument, but referring, per-
haps, to a good deal of authority that ought to bo
recognized here, in support of them.
Was this territorial convention regular, is oh-
