2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from theCom-
mittee*of Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass, the following bills
from the Court of Claims; which were severally
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill (S. C. C. No. 184) for the relief of John
Robb;
A bill from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Michael Nourse;
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John
Robb; and
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 12) for the relief of
Moses Noble.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill
(H. R. C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury Dick-
ins, which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House; and, with the accompanying re-
port, together with the views of the minority of
the committee, ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committon, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
a bill (H. R. C. C. No. 11) for the relief of Geoige
A. Magruder; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
SAN FRANCISCO MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Would it be
in order to report a bill not coming from the Com-
mittee of Claims?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time. The Com-
mittee of Claims will again be called in its order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Well, air, I ask
the consent of the House to report back a Senate
bill to authorize tho Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of the contractor for the erec-
tion of the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, and that it may be considered at this time.
It will take but a moment. It is a case of a pecu-
liar nature and hardship. I hope there will be no
objection.
There being no objection; the bill was reported
back, and taken up for consideration.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to audit and settle the accounts of tho con-
tractor for the erection of the United States ma-
rine hospital at San Francisco, California, upon
principles of equity and justice, and to pay what-
ever may be found due him.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. The account-
ing officers of the Treasury were unable to settle
the account of this contractor on account of the
appropriation having been exhausted. This bill
merely authorizes the Secictary of the Tieasuiy
to settle his accounts and to pay him the money
which may be found justly due him.
Mr. MORGAN. Is this discussion in order1
I have no objection to the bill, but 1 do object to
the time of the House being; taken up by its^bemg
discussed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I will not trou-
ble the House with any debate if there be no ob-
jection to the bill. If there be any objection, I
wish to explain it.
Several Members. No objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
c. C. CARLTON.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of C. C. Carl-
ton and others, of Cleveland, Ohio; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
LOOMIS L. LANGDON.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for tho relief of Loomis L. Langdon;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be punted.
DAVID n'CLURE.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of David McClure, ad-
ministrator of Joseph McClure,deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
HENRY HUBBARD.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 123) for the relief of
Henry Hubbard; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
ROBERT KTRKHAM.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the memorial of
Robert Kirkham; which was laid on the table,
and the report ordered to be printed.
LEWIS H, BROADWELL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Lewis H.
Broad well; which was read a first and second
; time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and,with the report, oidcrcd to be printed.
THOMAS HASAM AND B. 3. BREWSTER.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Hasam
and B. S. Brewster; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
LUTHER JEWETT.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 245) to settle the
accounts of Luther Jewett, late collector for the
district of P6rt!and and Falmouth, Maine.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask that that bill may be
put on its passage.
The bill was read extenso. It provides for
refunding to the said Jewett the sum of $1,000,
lost on its transit to the sub-collector at Boston.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed: and aiso moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUIETING LAND TITLES.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for quieting certain land
titles in the late disputed district m the State of
Maine, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second tune, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House; and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
THOMAS S. SPRAGUE.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the petition of
Thomas S. Sprague; which was laid upon the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
GEORGE A. O'BRIEN.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back Senate hill (No. 92) for the relief of
George A. OT.nen; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
RUFUS DWINEL.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back Senate bill
(No. 1S9) for the relief'of Rufus Dwinel; which
| was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
j and the bill and report ordered to be printed,
j ISAIAH WOODWARD,
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
i mittee of Claims, reported adversely on the peti-
j lion of Isaiah Woodward; which was laid upon
! tho table, and the report ordered to be printed.
j CAPTAIN JOHN W. M'CRABB.
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
| committee, reported back Senate bill (No. ] 64) to
provide for the settlement of the account of the
late Captain John W. McCrabb, with a recom-
mendation that the committee be discharged from
i its further consideration, and that the same be
i referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
' It was so ordered.
j JONAS P. KELLER.
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
I committee, reported back Senate bill (No. 67) for
the relief of Jonas P. Keller; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the
report ordered to be printed.
CHARLES H. VENABLE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the petition of
Charles H. Venable; which was laid upon the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
BAILY AND DELORD.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the petition of
Baily & Delord; which was laid upon the tabic,
and the report ordered to be printed.
R, A. DAVIDGE.
* Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of R. A.
Davidge; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JOHN S. ISAACS.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce bedischaiged
fmm t!)c lurther conauleiution of the petition of John
Issaac:!, and that the same belaid upon the tnblo.
CAPTAIN DOUGLAS OTTINGER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of Captain Douglas Ottmgcr; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
A. L. SHEARS.
On motion of Mr. WA3HBURNE, of Illinois,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be di-?chmsred
from the further eonsideiation of the petition of A. L. Shears,
of Omro, Wisconsin,, and that the same be laid upon the
tabic.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered, Thar the Committee on Public Lands be dif-
diai'r<'d t'torn the furlbei consideration of sundry petitions
in reference to bounty land wariams, and the same be laid
upon the table.
ANNA M. E- RING.
Mr. COBB. I ask that the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the case of Anna M. E. Ring, and that
it be laid upon the table. This case has been pro-
vided for by a law passed a few days ago. There
is a land warrant amongst the papers which I ask
be returned to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Miles,] who presented it with the
papers to the House.
It was so ordered.
MONROE D. DOWNES.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 426) for
tho relief of Monroe D. Downes, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. C. said: Mr. Speaker, I have lately made
many adverse reports on cases from Nebiaska,
1 and the Delegate from that Territory has, m con-
sequence, become much discouraged. This case
is that of one of his constituents, and I hope it
will be at once put on its passage.
I will make a brief statement. On the 30th of
March, 1857, Congress passed an act authorizing
persons living on the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
school sections, and who had settled there before
the survey of the lands, to perfect their preemp-
tions on making application within three months
from the passage of the act.
Mr. MORGAN. Is discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. COBB. The preemptor in this case has
lived upon the land for many years. Not know-
ing the law, however, he made his application a
j few days after the expiration of the time fixed m
j the law. The Department thinks that the bill is
i right, and the opinion of the Committee on Public
j Lands is, that it should pass. I ask that it be now
! put upon its passage. The amendment provides
that he shall have the land upon which he has set-
tled, if he makes application within three months
after the passage of this act; and also authorizes
other lands to be located for school purposes. The
Delegate from Nebraska is anxious that the bill
shall pass.
