72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
[March 9,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Phillips
Ho. of Reps.
viously the first question? Who disputes it?
Does it require an enabling act? If it does, it
has it. No man can read the Kansas-Nebraska
act without seeing that there is an enabling act
there. But does it require an enabling act ? I
tell the gentlemen upon this floor, who oppose
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, that I will appeal to those who have
on former occasions spoken for them, and by
whom I will judge whether it was regular or not.
1 will show the gentlemen who compose the ma-
jority of the Opposition that their views have
been expressed in such a manner that they can-
not now contradict thera; while to those who com-
pose its minority, I will cite the highest author-
ities recognized by any one of them.
Mr. Chairman, why must an enabling act be
passed ? Have the people the right to form a con-
stitution or not? And if they have not the right,
has Congress the fight to bestow it upon them?
I shall quote,upon this subjcct, my colleague from
the fourteenth district, [Mr. Oitoiv;] and I cite
him because, as the Republican e>im)idato for
Speaker, receiving more than eighty votes at the
commencement of this session, lie may be fairly
considered the representative of the views a nil prin-
ciples of that party, as he was formerly the expo-
nent of them. I cite him as good authority—as au-
thority from which those who indorsed him at the
commencement of the session cannot now dissent.
What said he when the application was made to
admit Kansas into the Union with a constitution
framed without an enabling act—framed, permit
me to say, by men in rebellion to the laws and
with arms in their hands, to be used against the
Federal authorities? When Kansas came here,
with the constitution thus made at Tdpeka, he
eloquently pleaded for her admission as a State,
as a measure of peace; and in support of the reg-
ularity of her action, he said:
" The mode and manner of acoompli:;hin« it in oi«ani/od
States properly belong to the foun- of law, to it" pu-.-i ihod
by the State government; but m i lie Ton slot k j, < \nit*re^s
ia the only powei that can ii>o tin* t'oniw; [or a irtn-
torial government cnmnaim : from Uoruro.-^can be changed,
modified, or abiogated. only by-in eminent. That eon-out,
however,can be evpio&soda-' wWlait'M a-; holme ilicaotion
of the peoplo. If Uomjnw, then, lias pio-enbod no tonn,
whatever action tho people think propi-i lo.idopt, in ntdei
to secure a change of government, piovided it beoonduotod
in a peaceable manner, it? lawful iunloonstuinion.il; law l til,
because it violates no valid l.uv — con timjiounl, beemw:
article first of the amendments to tho Constitution mtuios
to the people evcrywheio under its ,|iiji-dior.on (he n-iht,
paramount to nil law, patrcnh!)/ lo cmem/'/e. ami to petition
the Government Jar a retire %s of f*ricra<icc*.'s
I want no better authority than my friend and
colleague; and those who voted for htm for Speaker
of this House voted for him becnuse they saw in
him a proper representative of popular sover-
eignty, according to tin; doctrine he hud expressed
and they then nninittuned. But I have other nu-
thonty; and 1 shall do little else than cite author-
ities, to which I wish the attention of those Dem-
ocrats who, like the gentleman who linn just
spoken, [Mr. English,] have departed bom us
on this question. I have for tho.-io who, 1 am
afraid, will not have the same confidence m my
colleague that I have avowed, hi^h authorities.
I have theauthoiity ofGovernor Robert.]. Walker
and of Mr. Secretary Stanton. They have said,
in words and language not to he misunderstood,
that the Lecompton convention w.ts lawful. They
have said that the act of the Tentorial Legisla-
ture authorizing the conv-miioii was right; and
they have warned the people overand overagain,
that, if tiiey did not voir for del* g.itcs when they
had the oppoi tunity aUwd-'d them, on their ovvn
heads must he the consequence'-;.
Mr. Stanton, on arriving in the Territory, ad-
dressed the people, saying, among other things:
CkThe Government e.-pe.'i.iliv reeogm/.e^ the femroji.tl
act which provides toi a->o:iil>l,!ig a convention to fuii.: a
eom-litution with a \ lew to ma kmj: application to room >• -
for admk^ian as a State nno the Tint 'tot i- ir-
guided as pu'-en'ung tue nil} b". t ot oh* en.ii.hi'.'Mo'i of
voters foi delegates to the <«nnveunon. ana ;•'! [• 'eediii^
repusnant lc-iuettonrf die thou by iojk oi:\<. In il'<-i -rbt
the act mu>t he allowed to have ;uovi;jod lo> a toil en ] i,<.r
expie-sion of the will of the p?.>p!e ih--o<i".h (ho d>'!""
who may he chosen io ropio t n; ih-'iii in ibe con^UnHional
ron\entiun
Again, in the rne.^aire of the acting Gov-'Uior
in December last, ,md aftei what is now called tho
mischief had been done, lie fck.ys:
purposely refrained from voting, and left the whole pro-
ceeding, with all its important consequences, to the active
minority, under whose auspices the law had been enacted,
and also executed, so far as that could he done by the ex-
ecutive officers, without the concurrence of the majority
of the people.
" That the refusal of the majority to go into the election
for delegates was unfortunate, is now too apparent to be de-
nied. It has produced all the evils and dangers of the present
critical hour. It has enabled a body of men, not actually
representing the opinions of the people, though regularly
and legitimately clothed with their authority, to prepare for
them a form of government, and to withhold the greater
part of its most important provisions from the test of pop-
ular judgment and sanction."
Governor Walker says very much the same:
"The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authority known to the Constitution to participate freely
and fairly m the election of delegates to frame a constitution
and State government. The law has performed its entire
appropriate function when it extends to the people the right
ofsuffrage; but it cannot compel the performance of that
duty. Throughout our whole Union, however, and where-
over free government prevails, those who abstain from the
exercise of the right ot suffrage authorize those who do vote
to act lor them in that contingency; and the absentees are
as nmoh hound undei the law and constitution, where there
ii no fraud or violence, by the act of the majority of those
who do vote, as if all had pauicipatedmthe election. Other-
w^e. as voting must he voluntary, ^elf-government would
he impiaetioalilo. and monarchy or despotism would remain
as the only alternative."
In many places he uses similar language. He
says:
'•It laws have been enacted by the Territorial Legislature
whieh are di.-appioved of by a nmjonty o( the people ofthe
Toit;toiy, the mode in w inch they could elect a new Ter-
ntorial Legislature and repeal those laws, was ako desig-
nated. If iheie aie any grievances of which you have any
just light to complain, the lavviul, peaceful manner in which
you could remove them, in subouhnation to the Govern-
ment of youi countiy, was also pointed out."
Again:
u In the ca«e of Michigan, the Territorial Legislature were
clothed by Congress with no authotity to assemble a con-
stitutional convention and adopt a State constitution ; hut
j that, mulct Uie compioherwvc language of the Kansas and
| Nehia^ku bill, the Ten itonal Legitime was clothed with
j such authoiitvh} the law-, of (\mgiess, and that the au-
j i hoi if v ot t-'uch a convention to i-utiimt thy constitution to
, the vofi* of the people, was a* clear and eoitam as that of
i Congress iNeii', and that opnositum to such a pioceeding
was equivalent to opposing the lavv> oi Congre^."
Tints cursorily, Mr. Chairman, because it is
not very important, I have referred to the author-
ity of the leading men m the Opposition, to show
that the territorial convention was properly cre-
ated, and was a ivguiur and lawful body. Now,
what, was it to do? ft did net, submit its pro-
ceedings to the peoplo. It would have been bet-
ter, perhaps, that it had. It ix right on all such
occasions to do so. But is there any law re-
quiring it,? And if there is no law requiring it,
what guarantee have we that future legislation in
that Ternto! y will be better than the past? Shall
we be told that there is any obligation of law re-
quiring the constitution to be submitted to the
, j poop!.1? If so, L will again rcfei to the authority
i of (governor Walker, to show that he distinctly
j told thens, in advance of the election, that there
:■ was no su-'h obligation.
Governor Walker says:
i You should not oon-oicyoir-u'lvos.mv fellow-citizens,
1 with the i eliei'i ion that u>u may. by a subsequent vote,
i den at tho uuilicanou of the constitution. Although moht
an\iou-' to Mvtn'  to \ an the oviei.-v of t hat great conMitu-
. tional i .j'hf. a'.d b"heving that the convention is theseivaut,
; and not tl'o U'.'.-tci oi the pe<.ph>. >/t/ I utter no pofd lo
dn talc !hi p> t), Liit'i7i<rs of lh<r!
| " The onh t ►'},) ody  e^ts v, :t!i tiio enov^ntmn ;Ne!f. b\ ruh-
I mit(nr_\ ,j b^t. jh:> cnn-a>ltrion ior lafdicatiou or
. j rejcoium, to the vote oi tne pe*:ple, unnei Mi"h ju -t and ica-
!l souati!" qualnlcation.- a.-i they may pre.-*.:ihc."
! | \Ve find, then, that there was no recognized law
1 refjuiiing a submitsion of tlie co.istuution to the
.1 vote ofthe people: and the 'p^estion now is, Mr.
Chairman, what was done, and how far did thet
jj meet tli" nubile < xpeetation? Mr. Wjlk^r, as E
■ havewatd, ^ id them m advance that there was no
powu to ' iTtp-d the conveniion to submit their
! v.>u-'\ Jo the vote of the people. And yt, wuh
viii t in.' lx ib jo tli inn, those wl1
bedthi
1 majori! y in luar j •: i uo
■ front the po;'s .oid u'iV
1 ''u r< i mi :t dzd not so
tin: \ uio of tin* pf oph*. r
y. ohKent'->d themselves
:eo to p;u iieipact'm the
1.be eonventioji to dor
nmt the constitution to
ey were authonzed to
" It lhu« appeal 3 that m the ehri
f(<r delegates to :he cojjw iucik f.,u
ot the b'tih Juno last,
<u uia.: (1i the people
jonn a eon/utiuH^n, and they had the ntrht to do
so. The gentlem in who has piecedud me, j Mr.
K:;r.i.ibii ] has said that seme of the delegates to
the convention broke their party pledges; that
ih«.y pledged di:n;nieiv'es tua eertain eourse of con- 1 a slave 8ta;
duct and did not fulfill their promises. Agreed
for the purpose of argument, but does that vio-
late the law ? Does that prevent the organic law
going into effect in the manner prescribed in the
instrument? He will hardly assert that the dis-
honesty or treachery of a member of a legislative
body can affect its deciees, so that if the fact even
be as he states it, it cannot operate upon the va-
lidity of a law. If it would, where would safety
be found? The same thing might occur again,
and another election present a new set of men vio-
lating party and other promises. But what did
they do ? They submitted to the people, not the
constitution, but the question whether they should
have slavery among them; and 1 believe that if
the people had voted, under the circumstances to
which I shall by and by allude, the constitution
would not now contain that clause which to many
on the floor of the House is so obnoxious.
Now I propose to show, by the same author-
ities, that the slavery question was the only ques-
tion that was dividing the people of Kansas. I cite
again my colleague, [Mr. Grow,] to show that
the slavery question was then, as it always has
been, the only subject of division in that Terri-
ritory. He said 44 the existence of slavery was
the only question on which the people were di-
vided ; and the vote for delegates to the conven-
tion settled that by a majority of legal votes.99
Mr. GROW. Will my colleague give the date,
if he pleases5
! Mr.PHILLIPS. The3GthofJime,1856,when
the Topelca constitution was submitted; which
constitution, by the way, received, I believe, only
some seventeen hundred votes.
Mr. GROW. Twenty-three hundred.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am reminded that my col-
league was then chairman of the Committee on
Territories; and that gives additional weight and
emphasis to his statement. He spoke by author-
ity. He stated this opinion on that occasion, and
I do not believe he will deny it now. He has
changed once, but I do not believe he will change
in reference to this subjcct.
Mr. GROW. Whether I have changed or not
is a question of fact.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will raise no question of
fact between my colleague and myself. My col-
! league, on that occasion, further said, in reply to
!j the inquiry of an honorable gentleman from
1 Georgia, [Mr. Trippe:]
" I gave to the gentleman fiom New York the vote polled
at the election immediately preceding the formation of the
constitution. He know?, a$ well as any man, that the only
quebtion in Kansas on which the people are divided is,
whether slavery shall exi*t there oi not? That question
was involved in the election ot'Delegate. He know?, too,
that that is the only question to be settled."
Tthns not changed since then. If any other
: question has been raised since that time, I chal-
; lengc any gentleman upon this floor to tell me
| what it is. If there is any other question 021
i which the people of Kansas are divided, I ask any
ij gentleman on this floor to rise in his place and tell
, me what it is.* As itstood then, so u stands now.
! Mr. GKpW. If my colleague desires an an-
, swer, I will give it to him; though I do not like
I to interrupt him.
1 Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield the floor to my coi-
lea no for that purpose.
Mr. GROW. Tho gentleman inqnires if the; e
h any other question than that of slavery, of dif-
ference between the people of Kansas ? That was
at the first the great question of division between
■ them, as he has stated; but, sir, since the mva-
: sion on the 30th of March, another question has
| arisen. They believed that at that time a gov-
| crnment was forced upon then, which was illegal,
; by force; and since that time this question has,
to a great extent, taken the place of the slavery
question.
i Mr. PHILLIPS. The 30th of March of what
, year'
; Mr. GrROW", If v/ats in It was then that
, this invasion occurred, which forced upon tiicTer-
: ntory of Kansas a government which the people
held that they were under no moral obligation to
respect. This question has developed itself more
on(l more, as the question of slavery has subsided.
1 believe gentlemen will agree with me on all sides
that, after a certain time, it was generally con-
, ceded that Kansas could not be made permanently
ently
