1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
pay to Ross Wilkins, judge of the district court
for the State of Michigan, and to the legal repre-
sentatives of James Witherell and Solomon Sib-
ley, late judges of that court, such amount as may
be due to them for services performed in the ca-
pacity of a land board, at the bame rates as were
allowed to William Woodbridge and their asso-
ciates on the land board.
Mr. KING. There is a report, I suppose, in
this case. If there is, let it bo read.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the re-
port.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no report on this
bill, but there is a report on this subject made in
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and I send it to the
Chair that it may be read. The committee did
not deem it necessary this year to make another
report.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read it. It was a report made
by Mr. Simmons, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary of the House of Representatives, on the
26th of December, 1856, to accompany the bill
(H. R. No. 645) on the petitions of Ross Wil-
lonsand B. P. H. Witherell. Thpse applications
were from one of the judges of the Territory of
Michigan, and from the son and legal represent-
ative of another, to be allowed the benefits of the
act of the last session of Congress, entitled "An
act to provide compensation for the services of
George Morell, in adjusting titles to land in Mich-
igan." That act allowed compensation to Judges
Chipman and Woodbridge, as well as to Judge
Morell; and the same reasons which justified the
payment to them, as members of the " land
board," in virtue of their judicial tenures, would
seem to require that like compensation should be
allowed to the other judges; and the committee
reported a bill for that purpose. The facts and
arguments in that case are set forth in a report
made during the first session of the Thirty-Third
Congress. The case of Judges Woodbridge and
Henry Chipman was reported upon in 1848.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator, as
I do not want to oppose his bill, to let it lie over,
in order to give us some time to examine it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill for the relief of Duncan
Robinson.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I would gladly
forego the task that is now before me. especially
as the whole subject has been debated by those
much more able to enlighten the Senate and the
country upon it than I can claim to be. Indeed,
after the able report of my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Territories, the Senatorfrom Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] on all the points involved in the
controversy, which met with my entire appro-
bation, backed by that masterly speech which he
mode on the case, it would be arrogant m me to
suppose that I could add anything that would
tend to enlighten either the Senate or the coun-
try on the subjects therein discussed. I would
not speak at all, sir, if I did not know that the
people of the State which I in part represent are
more deeply moved with the consideration of this
question than they ever have been before. They
consideritaquestion of the first magnitude. They
are alarmed at the boldness with which a consti-
tution is urged upon a reluctant people against
their will. They are alarmed at the progress of
the principle of despotism which they think they
perceive connected with the administration of
this Government.
Tiie people whom I represent are not alone in
these gloomy apprehensions. If I can judge from
all I can see around me, and from all that I read
in the papers, the minds of the American people
are pondering on very little else than the great
question which we have before us for discussion.
1 regret, as much as any Senator upon this floor
can regret, that the great question of slavery di-
viding the different sections of our country should
be so often tluust upon us; but its enormous
magnitude seems to throw every other question
into the shade. Until it shall be settled oneway
or the other, I do not expect to hear much else
discussed.
Mr. President, I am aware that there are those
within my hearing who seem to underrate the im-
portance of this issue; but the President, in his
annual message, did not underrate it. He under- i
stood the importance of it, very much as I have j
now stated it to be; for hesaidin that message that, !
from the time of'the abrogation of the Missouri i
restriction, there had been no other question be- 1
fore Congress or the country of any considerable
importance. That declaration is the truth. We
cannot ignore the subject if we would. I know
that blame is frequently thrown on various indi-
viduals because superficial observers suppose that
a man can raise all this agitation, as they call it, or
that a man may allay it, at his pleasure. Sir, those
who take such a view of this great overruling ques-
tion are but very superficial observers of what is
passing. This controversy has its root deep in !
the institutions of our country—unfortunately so.
The fact is not to bo ignored; the agitation is not
to be put down by the will of any man, and not
by anysetof men. Ithasgrown with ourgrowth,
it has strengthened with our strength, and it has
become more dangerous and alarming now prob-
ably than at any other period in the existence of I
this nation. i
I know, sir, there are crimination and recrim- |
ination on both sides. It is said by southern gen- i
tlemen that the North are aggressive; that we are [
trespassing upon their rights under the Constitu- I
tion of the United States. I claim that the ag- ;
gression is and always has been on the other side, ;
and I shall endeavor briefly to specify of what it.
has consisted. I shall not deal in those general- j
ities in which gentlemen on the other side have
indulged. If the North feel keenly on this sub- j
ject, I think I can easily show that they have j
great reason to feel so. I will not go back to the !
foundation of the Government. I intend, as far j
as possible, in the remarks that I shall make, to ,
endeavor to strike out a new course, and avoid, 1
as much as I can, those topics which have been so [
ably and so thoroughly discussed by those who |
have preceded me. j
I arraign the South, then, first, (for I will go |
back no further than the annexation of Texas,)
with an enormous aggression upon northern rights
in seizing upon Texas, and bringing her into this
Union for no other purpose than to uphold,
strengthen, and render predominant in this Gov-
ernment the institution of slavery, and that in
I derogation of the political rights of the North. !
I Not only so, sir, but I stand here to arraiijn the I
S South, and their northern allies also, of having J
done it in flagrant violation of the Constitution of j
the United States. There was no warrant in that t
instrumentforthisgreatact of aggression. Espe- |
cially there can be no doubt that the manner in
which she came into this Union was a flagrant,
undeniable violation of the Constitution of the
United States. Did the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States make any provision whereby you could
make a treaty with a foreign Power, and bring her ;
into this Union as a StateI would ask the strict
constructionists, on the other side, wheie do you ,
find it? . . !
Is there any other provision m the Constitution ;
that warrants an act like this ? If Mr. Jefterson
could not find in the Constitution power to acquire ^
Louisiana, if he could not purchase a vacant ter- '
ritory, much less could he treat with a foreign
nation to merge her own Government and come
into this Union as an independent State ? I only
mention this, however, in passing, as an accusa-
tion that I bring against the ambition of the South
in trespassing on the rights of the North. I do
not propose to discuss it at large; for if we were i
to undertake it, it would exhaust our time, and j
furnish a topic, probably, as fruitful of argument j
as the one under consideration. But if gentlemen
claim to have constitutional authority to do such ;
an act, I say it belonged to the treaty-making i
power. . !
Texas, at the time we united our destinies with
hers, was an independent State, with a govern- !
ment and officers of her own, in the same way
that wc existed as an independent State. We ;
had recognized her independence; and we might ,
as well have taken into our Government any 1
Power 011 the faccof the earth, and embarked our
fortunes with them, as with Texas. Was there
any other way to treat with a foreign independent
State, except through the treaty-making power
mentioned in the Constitution of the United
States ? Could you, by a joint resolution of Con-
gress, do that which the Constitution had pro-
vided should be done by treaty? I know that
you tried to do it in a constitutional way. When
it was first proposed, there was no man so bold
or so reckless as to suppose it could be done in
any other way than by the exercise of the treaty-
making power by the President, by ary! with the
advice and consent of the Senate, it requiring
two thirds to ratify the act. It was found that
that would be impossible. It was found hard to
procure a majority here to assist in doing the
deed, much less could you muster two thirds;
and the darling project muBt have failed without
a violation of the Constitution of the United
States.
But, like every other attempt you make, Con-
stitution or no Constitution, your ambition must
be gratified; slavery must be upheld at all hazards;
and come what may, her will is law. Cotton is
king, and many of you are lords of cotton. You
brought into competition with the political power
of the free States a vast slaveholding region, with
the stipulation that you might make it into five
States, and thus bring ten Senators here to face
down and vote down the free Senators of the
North. It was a vast acquisition. It was in
derogation of our political rights, and we had a
right to complain of it. If it had been sought
for the general good of the nation, if it had been
contended that its object was to inure to the gen-
eral benefit, that would have done something to-
wards extenuating the iniquity of the deed; but
that was not even pretended. If you look at
Mr. Upshur's letter, you will find the object
stated; if you look at Mr. Calhoun's communi-
cation at the time, you will find that, with a bold-
ness and diiectness characteristic of the man, he
places it upon the ground that it is to extend and
strengthen the institution of slavery.
But I pass over that. Texas had been a free
country. Under the just rule of Mexico, recently
acquiring her own liberty, she could not, with a
hypocrisy characteristic of older Governments,
fail to accord liberty to all her people. She had,
by her decree, before this region was seized upon
by us, abrogated the institution of slavery through
all her borders. Texas was seized by our agents;
the seizure connived at by the Government*, she
was reenslaved; and then, in the language of the
time, reannexed to this Government.
The next great and flagrant aggression upon
the rights of the North, upon the honor of the
North, upon the pride of the North, was forcing
upon us your accursed fugitive bill, as a badge
of servitude and subjection. Following us into
every hole and corner of the North, you cannot
go where you may not find the fugitive hunted
within our own borders and to our own doors.
We cannot teach the great lessons of freedom to
our children without being in danger of having
this accursed act come in conflict with all our
teachings. If a northern man endeavors to im-
press his posterity with the glorious old doctrines
of the Revolution—if he undertakes to teach them
that all men are equal—the first thing he may
know is a marshal d ragging a man back to slavery,
for no crime that he has committed. Sir, those
that live in the slave regions know not, and can-
not appreciate, the feelings of outrage and indig-
nation consequent upon witnessing an act like
this. I do not claim that it comes in violent con-
flict with any of our pecuniary interests; but it is
a badge of inferiority, of servitude, in -violation
of our principles, that a free people cannot toler-
ate,and ought not to tolerate, for a moment. The
old law was bad enough; but the new one was not
only more rigid, but it transcended and violated
the Constitution of the United States in many
particulars that might easily be pointed out.
But you were not content with all this. The
tame and easy servility of the North, our ready ac-
quiescence in these aggressions, I have no doubt,
tended to invite the more serious aggressions of a
\ still later period. Now, sir, we approach another
j and greater aggression; for these incroachments
I upon northern rights are in direct proportion to
: oureasy forbearance towards injustice. They now
i bcin to come upon us thick and fast and more
i serious still, until the whole country is alarmed at
