1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act en-
titled 4<An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1849.
REPORTING OF THE DEBATES.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which lies over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on Printing inquire
and report whether any new provisions of law are neces-
sary to secure a faithful performance, on the part of Con-
gress, of the existing contracts which provide for accurate
reports of the debates of the two Houses.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
* On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some- time spent therein, the doors were I
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 10, 1857,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Hon. Guy M. Bryan, a Representative from
the State of Texas, appeared, and was duly qual-
ified by taking the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution.
OMISSION IN ENROLLMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, to the ef-
fect that, in the Army appropriation act of the
last Congress, approved 3d March, 1857, the
usual appropriation of $360,000, for the manufac-
ture of arms at the national armories, although
regularly estimated for by his Department, and
passed by both Houses, by a clerical error was
omitted in enrolling the bill; that attention was
Galled to this omission as soon as it was discov-
ered, and that it was acknowledged by the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to have occurred
through mistake, as stated. The Secretary of
War respectfully requests that it may be brought
to the notice of the House of Representatives at
the present session, and that a bill may be passed
to correct the omission as early as practicable.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to introduce a
bill for the correction of the error to which atten-
tion is called.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker lie authorized and requested
to appoint the standing committees ot tills- House.
The resolution was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BANKS. Til order that the Speaker may
have time to discharge the duty imposed upon
him, under the resolution just adopted, I move
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
THE NEW HALL.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is on
the following resolution submitted yesterday by
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren:]
Resolved, That a committee of he appointed to ex-
amine the new Hall, and repoit when it can be occupied
with safety.
Mr. WARREN. I will perfect the resolution
by filling the blank with the word "five." I will
call attention to the object I had in view in sub-
mitting this resolution. I do not move that we
adjourn immediately to the new Hall, but simply
that we appoint a committee to inquire into the
condition of that Hall, and report when, in their
opinion, it will be prudent for us to adjourn into it.
Almost every member feels the inconvenience of
the Hall in which we are now sitting, and cer-
tainly it is desirable that we should remove from
it into the new Hall as goon as practicable. I
should be as far from insisting that we shall go
into the new Hall when the health of myself or
any other gentleman upon this floor would be en-
dangered, as any other member; but it strikes me
that no danger can result to any member by the
passage of a resolution for an investigation into
the condition of the new Hall, for the purpose of
ascertaining when it is probable we can go there.
This is all I ask, and I hope it will not be ob-
jected to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by adding,.
" that the committee shall have power to report
at anytime."
Mr. WARREN. I accept the amendment as
a modification of my resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object. The
committee can report in a few days, and I do not
wish it to be privileged to override all other busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed; and the main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WARREN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that'that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF DISMISSED EMPLOYES.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I again sub-
mit the resolution which X presented yesterday.
It authorizes the Clerk of the House to pay the
clerks and other employes, who have been em-
ployed during the present session, and are dis-
missed, the amount to which they are entitled.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the resolution, if adopt-
ed, provide also for the payment of the extra com-
pensation voted at the last session by a resolution
of the House ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It certainly does not.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish that" distinctly un-
derstood.
Mr. HUGHES. I insist on the regular order
of business, and object to the resolution.
INVITATION TO CLERGYMEN.
Mr. DOWDELL. I submit the following res-
olutions:
Whereas, the people of these United States, from their
earliest history 10 the present time, have been led by ttie
hand uf a kind Providencc, and are indebted for all the
countl"^ foldings of the past and the present, and depend-
ent tor continued prospenty m the future, upon Almighty
Goil; and whereas, the gieat vital and conservative element
in our sv-T' iii is the belief of our people in the pure doc-
ti Hies and divine truths of the Gospel ol Jesus Christ, it ac-
eoidinyiy becomestnelleptesentatives ot a people so highly
favoredio acknowledge in the most public manner their rev-
cience sbr God : 'J'heiefore,
Be it i esolveil, Tnat the daily sessions of this body be
opened with prayer.
Rrsolocd. That the ministers of the Gospel in this city
aie heiehv requested to attend, and alternately perform this
solemn duty.
I do not desire to make any remarks, Mr.
Speaker, upon these resolutions. They speak
for themselves. The plan was tried for two
months during the last Congress, and operated :
well. It is no new plan. It avoids many objec-
tions to the old system. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would suggest
to the gentleman that he amend his resolutions ;
so as to provide that no compensation shall be i
paid to these gentlemen. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish the gen- !
tleman from Alabama would withdraw the de- j
mand for the previous question. I have had aj
good many remonstrances sent to me from differ- ;
ent States against the old practice of electing ,
Chaplains to the House. I wish to have one of i
them read. i
Mr. DOWDELL. My resolutions do not pro- !
pose to elect a Chaplain. They carry out the i
gentleman's plan. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to have j
one of the remonstrances read. That is all. i
Mr. DOWDELL. Will the gentleman renew j
the demand for the previous question ? ji
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will.
Mr. DOWDELL. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to be understood as
insisting upon the regular order of business. I
do not know but that this question belongs to the
organization of the House. I insist, however,
upon the regular order of business, and if that
would exclude these resolutions, I object to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is too late to
object now; the resolutions have been received.
Mr. HUGHES. The objection was made be-
fore the resolutions were received, but waa not
heard by the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolutions
have been received. A call for the previous ques-
tion was entertained, and has been withdrawn at
my request.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolutions are properly before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
detain the House for more than a few moments.
I have various remonstrances in my possession
from different States—from the States of Indi-
ana, Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Texas, Missouri,
Maine, Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, Connecticut, and
Illinois—remonstrating against the employment
of Chaplains by the United States, either for
Congress or for the Army and Navy. I believe-
they are all of the same purport, and I ask that
one of them maybe read, in order that the House
may see what are the grounds of these people's
objections.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the paper will be read.
Mr. SHORTER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will read
it myself. I have a right to read it as a part of
my remarks. It is as follows :
To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of
ike United States .*
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Arkansas, deem-
in? the employment of a large number of chaplains or
national clergy by Congress and through its authority, at the
expense of the Guvei mnont, a serious violation of our rights
of conscience, and of tho«e principles of religious and civil
equality and freedom sought to be protected by the pro-
visions of our national Constitution, respectfully call your
attention to some of their leasons for asking the immediate
abolition of the office of national Chaplain, m Congress, in
the Army and Navy, and elsewhere.
First.—By article ten of amendments, the Constitution
provides that •• the powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people;" and
the right of employ iug clergymen to preach'or pray for the
people, or any portion of them, not being delegated to Con-
gress, either duectly or constructively, we claim as a re-
served right, winch we deem sacred, inalienable, and abso-
lutely essential to our civil and religious freedom.
Sarond.—By aiticle one of amendments, the Constitution
provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religionand we deem the employment
of a clergyman of any sect an establishment, to a certain
extent, of the religion of that sect. Inasmuch as he is thereby
made an officer of Government, the doctrines preached by
him in his official capacity must be considered those of the
Government, whn<se .acknowledged agent he is, and by
whom he is paid for promulgating his sectarian views, with
money drawn from the whole people, nine tenths of whom,
peihaps, hold sentiments entirely at variance with those
they are thus by law compelled to support.
Third.—By article six, section three, the Constitution
declares that " No religious te&t shall ever be required as a
qualification to any office or puhhe trust under the United
States and from the very nature of the office of Chaplain
a religious test is an indispensable prerequisite to determ-
ine the qualification of a candidate therefor, as the employ-
mem of a non-professor of religion, or an avowed infidel,
to such office, would be an inevitable absurdity. Such an
office or public trust is most eleaily unconstitutional. It is
an office to which all citizens are not equally eligible with-
out a religious test, as contemplated by that instrument from
which alone Congress derives all its rightful powers.
Fourth.—The immense ineiease of the number of chap-
lains employed by the Government within the past few
years, has alarmed us to apprehend that an extension of the
system may ultimately subject us to all the onerous and op-
pressive features of the unholy union of Church and State,
with which the world has been so grievously burdened in
all ages, and from which we had hoped we were forever
del ivered by the glonous epoch of the American Revolution.
The report of the Judiciary Committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Tbirtv-Thircl Congress, at its first ses-
sion. oa the subject of the numerous petitions for the abo-
lition of the chaplaincy, shows that the number of national
clcigy which the citizens of our country are annually forced
to support, by direct taxation, as follows: Thirty in the
Army, twenty-four in the Navy, and two in Congress! be-
sides a luiift! number at the various naval and military
schools, stations, and outposts; and at various missionary
stations, ostensibly as teachers of Indian schools. 1 he ag-
gregate amount winch we are anuuaHy compelled to pay
roi the support of clergymen, as officers which the Consti-
tution gives Consress no power to create or impose upon
us, but on the contrary positively prohibits, cannot, there-
fore, vary far from a quarter of a million dollars anmtally I
Should the number of national chaplains continue to in-
crease in the ratio of the past few years, it will soon, equal
that of the national clergy m the despotisms of the Old
World, where the Church arid State are allies in corrup-
tion and oppression. Indeed, we know of no stopping place
or limit that can be set to arrest its progress, when prece-
dent has overthrown the protective barriers of the Consti-
tution.
