1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. 1
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, sir, my colleague's
speech was made fifteen months after the invasion;
and the question of slavery he then said was the
only question in issue. [Laughter.] He is good
authority in this particular, and I like to quote
him. But, sir, I have other authority, for I see
that he is not satisfied with himself as authority
on this question. I will back my colleague up
with so much that he will not be ashamed of the
position he then took. Governor Walker said:
i( The President asked me to undertake the settlement of
that momentous question [that means slavery] which has
introduced discoid and civil war throughout your borders,
and threatens to involve you and our country in the same
common ruin."
He tells them:
"I cannot too earnestly impress upon you the necessity
of removing the slavery agitation from the Halls of Congress
and presidential conflicts."
And again:
" That m no contingency will Congress admit Kansas as
a slave or free State, unless a majority of the people of Kan-
sas shall fir thave fairly and freely decided this question
for themselves.*'
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I would like to ask
my colleague whether the question of slavery was
ever submitted ?
Mr, PHILLIPS. If the gentleman wants to
know, I can tell him that it was submitted, and
surely ho will not deny it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I do deny itmost em-
phatically. The question of the importation of
slaves from other States was submitted, and was
the only one submitted. The question of the ex-
istence of slavery there was never submitted.
Slavery now exists in Kansas, and by that con-
stitution is fastened upon the people of Kansas
now and forever.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 am glad my colleague has
defined his position on that subject. We will
know where to find him hereafter.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There is no trouble in
finding me at any tune -
Mr PHILLIPS. I will show my colleague
that the question of slavery wiss submitted to the
people of Kansas. The constitution had been
made, and the slavery question was the only one
submitted. They were told that it would he sub-
mitted; butthey were told, they were warned, that
if they did not vote, they delegated their rights to
those who did vote. They were told by Gov-
ernor Walker, they were told by Secretary Stan-
ton, that such would be the effect of absenting
themselves and withholding their votes. They 1
were never told that the constitwion itself would
be submitted to the people; for the Legislature
had not undertaken to dnect the convention to do
U, but left it to the convention itself.
Why, sir, some years ac;o, in Pennsylvania,
when it was undertaken to change the constitu-
tion of that State, when the law was passed by
the Legislature for calling a convention, one of
the most distinguished lawyers living, one of
those who gave the fame and name of "a Phila-
delphia lawyer," which I am afraid those who
came after do not so well deserve, objected to the
law on the ground—and I trust I may be consid-
ered as readingit now, (Appendix A.)—because it
undertook to tell the convention in what form the
constitutionwouldbesubmittcdandadoptcd. The
law provided that, after the convention had fin-
ished their labors, they should adjourn for four
months, not to submit the question to the people,
but so that the members could learn the will of
their constituents, by familiar intercourse between
the representatives and constituents, and then act i
in accordance. William Lewis put upon record j
his dissent to this feature of the law, on the ground j
that the Legislature, an inferior body, had no right j
to undertake to control the convention, a supe- j
rior body, composed of delegates just fresh from j
the people—a direct emanation of the people. !
Will my colleague tell me why an inferior body 1
should prescribe rules for the government ofo su- i
perior body? Will he, with all his ideas of pop- j
ular sovereignty, tell me what body he recognizes j
higher than a convention of delegates selected by ,
the people to frame a constitution for them? j
I agree that the convention of Kansas ought to j
have submitted the constitution which they had '
framed to a vote of the people; it would have i
been better to do so, though I do not believe that!
it would have removed the difficulty, because, i
from the earliest moment, it seems to have been ;
determined by the professing majority that they
would have rule or ruin. Their absenting them-
selves from the polls was not accidental. It was
the result of deliberation and combination; and
now, forsooth, when things have been regularly
done, and the convention has given to the people
the decision of the only question which those high
in authority have pronounced as the only one upon
which the people differed, they turn round and
say that a majority did not vote, and ask you if
you will take that as an expression of the will of
the majority, when only a minority voted.
I have some instances, with which my col-
leagues are familiar, in which a minority have
made a constitution, and have amended it; and I
say to them that, on almost every occasion on
which the question of amending the constitution
has been before the people of Pennsylvania, a
majority of the people have not voted for it; but
still it has been carricd by the votes of a minority
of the voters. When there is a contest about men,
there is an anxiety of feeling; but when the contest
is one of principle, of establishing organic law—
men may talk as much as they please, but I put
facts against arguments—the minority seem to
control, for the majority do not vote. It may be
that they did not feel an interest in the question;
that they had no time, and perhaps no desire, to
look into the question involved; or they have had
confidence in those who prepared the constitution
or amendments; but certain it is, for some reason, i
be it what it may, they failed to vote. I
In 1835, the people of Pennsylvania were called i
upon to vote either for or against a constitutional i
convention, as they pleased. The same year, |
upon the same day, and at the same election, 1
there was a contest for Governor. The number ;
of people who voted for Governor was one hun- j
dred and ninety-nine thousand seven hundred and j
twenty-seven—within two hundred and seventy- ;
three of two hundred thousand. The votes m ;
favor of calling a convention to revise the consfi- '
tution were eighty-six thousand five hundred and l<
seventy. What w.ll gentlemen say to this. The i
convention was legally called. Nobody doubted j
the truth of the doctrine proclaimed by Governor j
Walker, that those who did vote controlled those j
who did not. Eighty-six thousand votes only, !
out of two hundred thousand voters, called that i
convention. We have another remarkable m- i
stance. When the new constitution was submit- i
ted And adopted by the people of Pennsylvania,
in 1836, two hundred and fifty thousand one hun-
dred and forty-six people votedforGovernor, and
yet the new constitution was adopted with only
one hundred and thirteen thousand nine huudred
and seventy-one voting for it. !
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Ilad all the people the j
right to vote in the case of Kansas ? j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I know of none who were i
excluded from voting. j
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There were nineteen ,
counties in Kansas that had not the right to vote. |
Mr. PHILLIPS. That is begging the question, i
My colleague knows thnt those who do not choose |
to exercise their rights have no rights. i
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They had no right, j
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is very well to find a pre-1
text when one wants to find fault. j
Another instance has occurred in Pcnnsylva-1
nia, since my colleague has been a membei of this ,
Congress. 'While there were thr^e hundred and
sixty thousand votes polled ut the election in 1857,
for Governor, the highest vote polled both forand ;
against the proposed amendments to the eonstitu- j
tion was less than forty percent, of that number. ;
For one of the amendments the highest vote r*ast.
was one hundred and seventeen thousand one i
hundred and forty-three, and twenty-one thou-
sand four hundred and twelve against it. One
bundled and thirty-eight thousand five hundred ;
and iifty-three out of three Hundred and sixty- ,
three thousand and eighty-one voters in Pennsyl- \
vaniaadopted those amendments; and under those j
circumstances I have no doubt my colleague will !
acknowledge that the amendments have been];
adopted and are a part of the organic law of Perm- •i
gylvania. s:
Now, in the case of Kansas, if the election was ;
a legal and a lawful election, those who stayed at
home,ac GovernorWaIkersays,authorized tho^e
who did go to the polls to act for them. The con-
vention having submitted to the people the only
question in issue, and the people having voted
upon it, it remains a part of the constitution.
I have thus shown, I trust, that there is no law
requiring the constitution to be submitted to a vote
of the people. If there is any such, I have not
been able to find it. All principle, precedent,and,
I was going to say, very much of practice is
against it.
Now, let us consider what the constitution is.
In the first place, is there a doubt that the peo-
ple may wipe away every provision of it as with
a breath? What is a constitution? A State con-
stitution differs very materially from the national
constitution. Gentlemen who cite the Federal
Constitution, though upon the side I am endeav-
oring to sustain, are in error. The Congress of
the United States can do nothing which the Con-
stitution does not authorize. Our powers are lim-
ited; our hands are tied; and for what we do wc
must find our authority in the Constitution. In
regard to a State constitution, exactly the reverse
is,the case. The members of a State Legislature
may do every act of legislation which the consti-
tution does not restrain nor prohibit. Theie can
be no doubt about that; and I need cite no prece-
dent for such a plain and recognized principle.
When we came to form a Federal Constitution, it
was accomplished by the surrender of certain pow-
ers by the States themselves. Distributed as the
powers of government usually are, the legislative
body of a State has the sovereign legislative power
of the State, controlled and limited only by the
constitution. The national Constitution is an en-
larging, a granting, instrument: not so, huwever,
with a State constitution; it is a restraining instru-
ment* and, if the constitution of Kansas has re-
strained either the people at any time, or the Le-
gislature until after 1864, I have been unable to
| discover it. I say, too, if the restraint does ap-
' ply, as the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] undertook to assert, the constitution would
not be rpj)ublican> according to my notions.
Mr. Chairman, this clause of the Constitution,
so much talked abo^U, it seems to me has not been
rightly applied. There ara two or three clauses in
the constitution of Kansas which we must look at
in this connection. The clause which prohibits
an alteration of the constitution until after the year
18G4, operates only upon the Legislature: and it
interferes in no manner with that other clause by
which the right of the people is expressly reserved
and recognized. I should contend for the right of
the people at all events; but when gentlemen stand
here and say thnt they are opposed to the admis-
sion of Kansas bccause the constitution is not a
good one; when they are willing that this strife
should continue in Kansas; I want to say to them
—not that I expectto convince anybody, for I fear
that we rush too blindly to conclusions on political
matters for that—that there is in this constitution
of Kansas an eatress recognition of the people's
right to change their constitution when thev please.
Those gentlemen who undertake to say that they
are restrained from doing so until 1864, fall into
an error in confounding the application of that
section with the section which applies solely and
exclusively to the people. This right of the people
is recognized everywhere. It is recognized in the
Declaration of Independence, which declares the
self-evident truth:
" That ail men fire created equal; that they are endowed
by then Creator wuh eeitatn ltiaUenai-le lights; Uiatamomj
tfiesd are lite, liberty, and the pursuit of happmc ? That
to secure these rights, governments aie instituted odhhi;'
men, dcuvtng their jusi powers fiom the consent ol the
{ioverned, that wnencver any foim ef government becomes
de-oruetive ofthe-c ends, it \a the right of the people to alter
or al-ohsh it. and to institute a new government, l.tyms* )U
foundation on such principles, and orgam/.ms: its power.- m
such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effcct their
safety and happiness."
The constitution of Kansas rceognizes it in the
fullest possible manner, and that clause which re-
lates to 1864 is operative only upon the Legisla-
ture, and in language so plain that no man can
doubt, except those who choose willfully to do so.
Now, sir, those two clauses are not inconsist-
ent. Tiit one applies to the people and the other
to the Legislature. This enumeiation of rights
says the constitution shall not be construed to
deny or disparage others retained by the people.
Mi. KUNKELj of Pennsylvania. I desire tu
