2136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the v,ote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Mar-
shall, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the Private Calendar.
This being, under the order of Monday last,
objection day, the Calendar was read over, and
the bills to which no objections were made were
laid aside to be reported to the House.
CYRUS H. M'CORMICK.
An adverse report (H. R. C. C. No. 11) tipon
the petition of Cyrus H. McCormick. [Objected
to by Mr. Letciier.]
Mr. GROW. 1 would sugiestthat this bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that the decision of the Court of
Claims be confirmed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The parties interest-
ed in this case prefer that it should remain on the
Calendar.
WILLIAM NEILt, AND OTHERS.
An adverse report (H. II. C. C. No. 30) upon
the petition of William Neill and others. [Objected
to by Mr. Greenwood.]
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
A bill (H. R. No. 197) for the relief of Charles
J. Ingersoll. [Objected to by Mr. Ivelsey.]
BARCLAY AND LIVINGSTON, AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 204) to refund to Barclay &
Li vingston, and others, duties on certain goods
destroyed by fire in the city of New York, on the
19th day of July, 1845. [Objected to by Mr.
Clemens.]
HENRY LEEK AND JOHN MJKEE.
A hill (£1. R. No. 2Q6) t.o indemnify Henry
Leef mid John Mclvee for illegal seizure of a
certain bark. [Objected to by Mr. Millson.]
WILLIAM IIEINE.
A bill (IT.R.No.219) for the relief of William
Heme, artist m the Japan expedition. [Objected
to by Mr. ErsTis.]
ELIPTIALET B ItOWN, JR.
A bill (II. R. No. 220) for the relief of Elipha-
lot Brown,jr. [Objected to by Mi. Eubiib.J
MAHV BAINBRIDGE.
A bill (H. R. JNo. 221) for the relief of Mary
Bamhridge.
The bill was read. It provides that the name
of Mary Cambridge, of Massachusetts, be placed
upon ihc pension list of the United States, ut the
rate of thirty dollars per month, commencing
Juno 1, 1857, and to continue during lier natural
life.
The report states that Colonel Henry Rain-
bridge entered the service of the United States as
a cadet of the Military Academy at West Point,
in 1817, graduate^ in 1821 as lieutenant of infantry,
and from that time to the 1st day of June, 1857,
a peiiod of thirty-six years, was constantly en-
gaged in the active duties of his profession, as an
officer of the Army of the United States; that the
records of the War Department furnish the most
gratifying testimony to Ins faithful services during
all this period of time, at the remote posts of the
western frontier, in the wars of Florida and Mex-
ico; that for his distinguished services in Mexico,
having taken part in the battles of Palo Alto, Re-
sara do la Palma, and being wounded in the storm-
ing of Monterey, whiie ehargingat tiie headofhis
command; with the division of General Scott at
VeraCruz, Cerro Gordo, (he headed the storm-
ing column,) Contreras, Churubusco, Molino del
Roy, and at the city of Mexico—for all these dis-
tinguished services he received two brevets in
i>ncees£ion; that this distinguished soldier met his
death on the steamer Louisiana, in Galveston bay,
on the morning of the 1st of June, 1857; and that
ius widow, after all these distinguished services
?nd this trr.gic act, is left in indigent circumstances.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ELIZABETH E. V. FIELD.
A bill (H. R. No. 222) for the relief of Eliza-
beth E. Y. Field.
The bill directs that the name of Elizabeth E.
V. Field, widow of the late George P. Field, then
a captain in the Army of the United States, be
placed on the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per month, commencing
September 21, 1851, to continue during her natu-
ral life.
From the report, it appears that Captain Field
was killed while serving with his regiment, oil the
21st September, 1846, at the battle of Monteiey,
in Mexico, leaving the petitioner, his widow, and
a son now eight years old, unprovided with any
suitable means of subsistence; that under the act
of Congress, approved 22d February, 1849, she
received a sum equal to his half pay, (twenty
dollars per month,) which enabled her to support
herself and son; but this rcsourcchas failed since
September last, by the expiiation of the law. It
also appears that her paternal grandfather was a
colonel in the revolutionary war, and at its close
breveted brigadier general; that her father entered
the Army in 1812, and remained in it until his
death, which occurred at New Orleans, July 15,
1845, a period of thirty-three years. His son, a
brother to the petitioner, was a lieutenant in the
third infantry, served in Florida, and died on his
way home, of disease contracted by exposure.
That the said Captain Field graduated at West
Point in 1834; was in Florida during the war, and
participated in the battles of Palo Alto, Resaca de
la Palma,and Monterey,and hadbutfeur months'
leave of absence while he held his commission.
Her petition states that in making this applica-
tion for a small stipend from the Government of
her country, she cannot feel that she is soliciting
individual charity; she feels that she is but urging
an equitable clai m for subsistence for herself and
child, after having surtendered to that country a
husband, father, and brother.
Mr. LETCHER. When does that pension
commence'
Mr. CHAFFEE. In 1851.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I would like to
hear some reason why this pension should date
back five years, when, if I understand the state-
ment of this report, she has been receiving half
pay until within a fesv months.
Mr. CHAFFEE. That will of course be de-
ducted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold that
no debate can be entertained in Committee of the
Whole. If there be no objection, the bill will be
laid aside to be reported to the House. If there
is objection, the committee will pass to the con-
sideration of the next case.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I shall object,
unless 1 can hear some reason why this pension
should date back.
A Mkmber. Move to amend.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Very well. I
move to amend by striking out that clause which
gives the bill a retroactive effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Ts it not in order
to inquire about the facts of the case, so that the
committee may act upon it understanding^ ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not enter-
tain that species of debate which springs from a
system of questions and answers. The commit-
tee is acting under a special order, which reads
thus:
" Thero shnli be no debate in Committee of the Whole;
but the bilk which air> not objected to shall be reported to
the House for final action."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know
the facts about the bill.
Mr. QUITMAN. It is with a great deal of re-
luctance that I feel myself compelled to interfere
with a bill of this kind, affecting as it does the
family of this deceased officer. But, s.r, I am de-
termined to act upon principle, and therefore I am
determined that no distinction shall be made be-
tween officers, or widows of officers of the same
grade. Now, sir, the utmost that is allowed to
widows of officers of this grade is twenty dollars
per month. Now, sir, if a distinction is to be made
between officers for service, let it be made by a
general bill, and do not make the distinction hi
this way. I move to amend the bill by striking
out " twenty-five dollars," where it occurs, and
to insert i( twenty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
KATHARINE I£. RUSSELL.
A bill (IT. R. No. 223) for the relief of Kath-
arine K. Russell. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
STEPHEN BUNNELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of Stephen
Bunnell.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs that the
name of Stephen Bunnell, of the State of Indiana,
a sergeant major of the war of 1812, be placed
upon the list of pensioners of the United States
for and during his natural life, at the rate of fif-
teen dollars per month, to commence and be com-
puted from and after January'l, 1855.
T^he report states that the Adjutant General
having certified that the said petitioner served
as quartermaster's sergeant in the artillery corps
of the United States Army for five years, from
March, 1812, to March, 1817, the committee have
examined into the merits of his claim, and find
them as follows:
Mr. Bunnell testifies, under oath, that he en-
tered the Army in robust health; that his physical
powers were broken down by arduous service and
exposure in his specially hazardous line of duty;
and that now, in his oid age, with his constitution
broken down, being unable, from his failure to
claim a discharge when sick,and, from the death
of his captain and comrades since, to furnish the
evidence required at the Pension bureau, he ap-
plies to Congress for its recognition. It appears
that he was the first who landed at the taking of
Fort George, shared in the capture of Glueens-
town Heights, participated in the battle of Stony
Creek, lying on the wet ground at nights with the
rest of the army on their march thither, which
caused him such a fit of sickness as to confine him
for many months in the hospital at Youngstown.
Although this sickness has impaired his system
ever since, he recovered sufficiently to again join
the army, and to man the gun under his charge
at the battle of Chippewa. At Lundy's Lane,
ins captain being slam and hislieutenant wounded,
he took command, under direction of General
Scott, of the lust gun left to his company, and
kept it in operation till he had but one man left,
and his ammunition was exhausted, when he suc-
ceeded in getting the gun from the field of battle.
At Fort Erie he was honored with a command
above his rank, namely, of a battery in a specially
exposed condition, in front of the gate of the fort;
and by its discharges, after the fort had been taken
by the enemy, blew it up, discomfiting the whole
British detachment, lie was wounded in the wrist
at Chippewa, and at Fort Shelby was badly in-
jured in the shoulder by a fall, occasioned by rot-
ten timber in a bridge; but had never claimed a
pension on account of those injuiies, not deem-
ing, at the time, that he would ever need it.
Such a record of faithful and important service to
his country certainly deserves the recognition, as
well as the relief, which the granting of a pension
would afford.
Corroborating this statement are affidavits of
Samuel Bunnell and Elizabeth Marsh, who de-
pose that the claimant entered the army in good
health, but has been in impaired health ever since;
another from S. M. Bishop, that since 1820 the
claimant has not been able to perform a full day's
work; the affidavits of eminent physicians, cor-
roborating his statement, and certifying that he
cannot perform one third of a day's work in a
day, and not even that without great pain; the
vouchers of Hon. N.Eddy and Hon. C. W. Cath-
cart, former members of Congress from his district;
and, finally, a strong recommendation in his be-
half from Lieutenant-General Wmfield Scott, his
old commander.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHARLOTTE BUTLER.
A bill (IT. R. No. 2:26) for the relief of Char-
lotte Butler. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
J. M. PLUMB1ER AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No, 227) for the relief of Joseph
