26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Fifth.—We cannot perceive why clergymen should be
sustained by Government in either House of Congress, at
oar miliUuy anil naval stations, on boiuvtoui vessels of war,
and hi taeti regiment of oar Army, any moie than in each
township, distijet, parish or village throughout the land;
and to sanction the former, could not be legarded otherwise
than as an assent to the extension of the same system, that
would place us ui>on a level with the pue>t ridden despot-
isms of the Old World. Our members of Congress,
tary and naval officers, soldiery and seamen, are, or should
be, paid a just compensation for their services, and be left,
like ait other citizens, to support any clergyman, or none, as
their conscience may direct them, without legal agency or
cocrcion. Neither Chris-tiamty nor the genius of our insti-
tutions contemplates any aristoeiacy predicated upon the
clerical profession, and no special provision, therefore, is
necessaiy by the Government to admit clergymen to our
Army and Navy, as they may enlist like other men, and labor
like Jesus himself and his Apostles among the poor fisher-
men, on the sea-side. If it be objected that few clergymen
would serve among the troops and marines upon such tenns,
we can only say, that if actuated by correct religious mo-
lives, no minister would wait for Government gold to lead
him to ins labors of love among them, and that none but
hypocrites would be debarred by the want of it. We think
the Government should notevinee moie religious zeal than
professed ministers of the gospel themselves, by bribing
them to perform religious service. If the cleigy m the
Army and Navy look lor other compensation than the vol-
untaiy conutbuuons of those among whom they labor, the
vaiious leligious societies of the eountiy might be more
appropiiateiy appealed to, as their funds are vohuitnuly eon-
tiibutcd lot siii-li purposes, while those of the G-overiiment
aie taken lot State purposes, by authority of law, equally
irom all classes of citizens, of whatever sects, and whether
piolo^oir- or non protcssorsof lfligion.
Sixth.—Hchevinj? that religion is a matter entirely be-
tween man ami his Maket, with which no human govern-
ment ha-j a right to meddle, and that Us true exeicise must
be voluntary, it t* equally humiliating and painful to u->, a«i
Chi i-Mi.iu.  and as citizens, to lind the hailurous system of
persecution, winch eli.ira^ten/.ed the dark ages, employed
at this day ut our Army and Navy, to compel attendance
upon the religious services of our national clergy. Among
the man}- eases of the kind, may lie instanced the recent one
of the puvate Duggan, who was sentenced by court-martial,
ut Koi t Columbia, New Yoik harbor, for neglecting to at-
tend the chaplain's religious services, after having been
frequently punished tor the samo ollense, to a fink of five
dollars pur mouth foi six months, the torture of the ball and
chain f r l-)ui months* and partial starvation upon bread and
water d,u the remaining tivo months of solitary imp is-
onmcnt. We rejoice that a portion ot tins s-cntenee was
lennt'Ofl by ih > elemeuey of the Department, but deeply re-
giet thai any lehgious persecution whatever is authorized
by (he Government, or rendeied necessaiy to miluary dis-
cipline, by tilt* employment of clergymen <is Government
olficeis to perform ifhuious services m the Ainiv and Navy.
Seie.ith. —WJule we reverence religion asaJhvme insti-
tution, only claiming the fiee exeieise of our own con-
seienetM eoneermug it, we fumly believe that all attempts
of hum in governments to io.ster a will ir-ult similaily to
that of ('on-auntute, in its eonuplion and gieat detriment,
and in ie.o iie^ an ecclesiastical aiiMoeiaev of hireling In po-
erites who v\ ill av^iimc the eleiienl character fiom unholy
motives, and ultimately lead to all ihe oppie-wve pro-c, tp-
Uon, impo-ition-., and peiM'cuhom whieh have le^ulted
fiom the came policy in the Roman and all other European
Govormuents.
We t hei eu>i e earnestly prav yotir honorable bodies to care-
fully < oil -iderthe nueou>-tiiutiotiali(3, injustice.and oppie^-
sion of the national ehaplauiey *j>.t< m, and to aboh-lithe
office of chaplain wheteverit may exist by join authouty,
thereby u>to:mg us the liberty of contributing our otm
money foi ^noh r< ligious ,mil charitable purposes only asoui
consciences may appiove.
Daring the reading of the foregoing remon-
strance—
Mr. ELLIOTT said: The reading of that paper
is objected to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hove the floor,
and hove a right to speak for at) hour. 1 am
reading the, paper as a part of my remarks.
Mr. ELLIOTT. 1 would like to know who is
the author of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must refer the
gentleman to the gentleman fiom Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am making it
my own; I am appropriating it.
Mr. .)ontes then resumed the reading of the i
paper, but was again interrupted by I
Mr. HUGHES, who said: I rise to a question
of order. The resolutions offered by the gentle- i
man from Alabama [Mr. Dowdell] propose to
invite the clergy of this city alternately to open
the sessions of this House with prayer, without
com pensation.
Mr KE1TT. The resolutions do not say that.
Mr. HUGHES. Yes; the gentleman agreed to
modify his resolutions. Now, my point of order j
is this: that the gentleman from Tennessee is i
arguing—because he reads this remonstrance as |
a part of his argument—against the election of a j
Chaplain, and against the enormous expenses '
which are entailed upon the public Treasury by ■
compensation to Chaplains le^uLuly elected, i ,
think the gentleman is out of order.
The SPEAKER The Chair must overrule the !
question of order raised by the gentleman from ;
Indiana, ihe Chair does not perceive but what'
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee are.
pertinent to the resolutions before the House.
At a subsequent point in the reading of the
resolutions—
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, (interrupting:,)
said: It appears to me that the reading of this
remonstrance in regard to the election of chap-
lains generally for the Government service, and
the Chaplain of this House in particular, is not
in order on these resolutions, inasmuch as they are
resolutions proposing that the meetings of this
House shall be opened by prayer by the various
clergymen of the city. They do not propose the
election of a Chaplain, properly so called.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions make pro-
vision for the selection of officers in lieu of a
Chaplain.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. But it is not
in order to discuss the question of chaplaincy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that question
of order is debatable, I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that it has been the
practice heretofore to clect a Chaplain. This is
a proposition to obtain the services in a different
way. My argument may be in favor of these res-
olutions.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. It appears to
me that this is altogether a different question—
that it is not a proposition to select certain per-
sons m lieu of a Chaplain, but a distinctive prop-
osition that the session shall be opened by prayer,
and that certain persons should perform that
service. I think there is not a vvoid in reference
to the chaplaincy in the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the gen-
tleman from Alabama wore intended to provide
for the opening of the daily sessions of the House
with prayer by clergymen of the city, in lieu of
a Chaplain, who has heretofore been elected.
They are a substitute for the policy heretofore
pursued by the House, and the Chair thinks that
the remarks the gentleman is making are in order.
Mr. EDIE. I would inquire if the point raised
by the gentleman fiom Massachusetts has not
already "been decided by the Chair?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. Well, I ob-
ject to the further reading of that memorial, be-
cause it relates to subjects other than the chap-
laincy of this House. It discusses the chaplaincy
of the Army and Navy and the constitutionality
of ail religious services in this House.
Mr. EDIE. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not stating his question of order, but argu-
ing it.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I am making
a statement to show what my point of order is.
The question before the House relates to open-
ing our daily sessions with prayer, but the gen-
tleman is lvadinga remonstrance which discusses
the question of chaplaincy in the Army and
Navy, and the propriety of any such officer under
the General Government. Such discussion is not
pertinent to this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sustain
the gentleman from Massachusetts upon the latter
question of order winch he raises, but the Chair's
attention was not called to any remark bearing
upon the particular point to winch the gentleman
has referred. The Chair will observe the remarks
of the gentleman from Tennessee a little more
attentively, and will enforce the rule when he
perceives any remarks out of order.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. Thegentleman
has already violated the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, then concluded the
reading of the remonstrance, and proceeded to
remark: All I have to say is, that the memorial
which I have lead to the House is but a copy of
remonstrances sent to me from the States of Illi-
nois, Connecticut, Towa, Virginia, Ohio, Maine,
Missouri, Georgia, Texas, Arkansas, Pennsyl-
vania, and Indiana, signed in all by upwards of
three thousand live hundred citizens.
The remonstrances received from the several
States, and the number of signatures to each re-
spectively, are as follows:
Illinois—Abram Highland and 31 others, and
William Hixon and 202 others.
Connecticut—D. P. Coon and 70 others.
Iowa—Joseph Armstrong and 102 others; T.
Miller and 32 others; and E. C. Eoag and 23
others.
Virginia—James D. Craft and 263 others.
Ohio—David Gander and 104 others; Samuel
Cleavinger and 34 others; Jonathan G. Ford and
5 others; John Snoddy and 50 others; George
W. Gander and 37 others; and John Gander, jr.,
and 50 others.
Maine—Joshua C. Hatch and 102 others.
Missouri—Davis S. Woody and 247 others;
and A. M. Keele and 170 others.
Georgia—John W. Bovvdoin and 149 others.
Texas—Charles H. Kinnard and 173 others.
Arkansas—J. M. Cartwright and 35 others;
Thomas J. Bates and 49 others; and William H.
Bates and 169 others.
Louisiana—Thomas Price and 50 others; and
H. L. Martin and 114 others.
Pennsylvania—Reuben Card and 49 others,; and
Burnell Lyman and 47 others.
Indiana—A. M. Westfall and 292 others; J oseph
Allen and 56 others; James T. Drake and 83
others; William Abner and 149 others; Abram
Chambers and 201 others; J. E. M. Swan and
136 others; W. A. Long and 124 others; R. M.
Beem and 55 others; and Charles Back and 24
others.
I believe that those who signed these memo-
rials, in the main belong to that denomination of
Christians who concur in my opinions, and come
nearer to primitive Christianity than any other.
I believe they are honest in their remonstrance
against what they consider an abuse, and that
they are entitled to be heard.
In accordance with my promise to the gentleman
from Alabama, I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee, with the consent of the gentleman
from Alabama, will, withdraw his demand for the
previous question, and allow me to suggest an
addition to the hist resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Alabama consents, I have no objection.
Mr. DOWDELL. I will withdraw it for 9.
moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I suggest that the gentle-
man add, at the end of the second resolution, the
words "without compensation."
Mr. DOWDELL. I accept the modification.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move that
the resolutions be laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is that motion debata-
ble ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FLOU.ENCE. I am for the old-fashioned
practice, and move that the resolutions be laid
upon the table. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was disagreed
to.
Mr. EDIE moved that the House adjourn-;
which motion was disagieed to.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
put.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask for a di-
vision of the question. I desire to vote for the
resolutions, but not for the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
on the resolutions and then on the preamble.
Mr. STANTON. There arc two resolutions*
and I want a separate vote on the one which asks
the clergy of this city to perform service here
every day for nothing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition is not divisible.
Mr. AVERY. I suggest that the second res-
olution be modified, so as to read,<s without com-
pensation out of the national Treasury."
The SPEAKER. Amendment is not in order,
the main question having been ordered to be put.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LEITER. I move that the resolutions be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. Does the Chair decide that a
separate vote cannot be taken on each resolution?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question being sustained, it would hardly be in
order to take a separate vote on each. A division
might operate as an amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have not heard any gentle-
man say that he was authorized to pledge the
