1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
clergy of this city to open the proceedings of this
House every day, without compensation; and I
would inquire whether, if we pass these resolu-
tions, and the clcrgy will not act under them, it
will not, nevertheless, be in order to proceed to
the election of a Chaplain for this House, for the
Thirty-Fifth Congress ? I think that it will, and
shall therefore vote for the resolutions, and give
the plan a trial.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that we
ought to pay the ministers who officiate for us;
and I move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered. If that motion be
agreed to, I shall then move to strike out the
words suggested by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. DOWDELL. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to—sixty-eight members only voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the motion to
reconsider be agreed to, in what condition will it
place the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it would bring the main question before the
House. That is according to the former practice
of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. The object of the motion to
reconsider, if T understand it, is to get at the
original proposition, so as to strike out that por- ;
tion which proposes to withhold compensation I
from the clergy who may officiate for us. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] has asked
if there is any one here who is authorized to
pledge the clergy of this city to render this ser-
vice without compensation. "
Mr. FLORENCE. I am compelled to rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. HUGHES. Is the motion to reconsider
not debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not while the House is
acting under the operation of the previous ques-
tion,
Mr. HUGHES. I hope I shall be permitted
to answer the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must object to debate,
unless it is to be general.
The question being on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was or- i
dered, !
Mr. LETCIIER demanded the yeas and nays. 1
The yeas and nays were not ordered. }
The vote was reconsidered; and the question 1
recurred on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move now
that the words "without compensation " be !
stricken out. '' The laborer is worthy of his
hire."
The SPEAKER. The pendingquestion, upon ;
which the House must act before any amend- ;
ment will bein order, is upon the demand for the I
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
House will not second it.
The SPEAKER. If the House vote down (
the demand for the previous question,'the amend- j
ment of the gentleman from Georgia will then be }
in order. i
The previous question was not seconded. ;
Mr." STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move
to strike out the words 44 without compensation;'' i
and I ask the previous question. !
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I intend, before re- I
suming my seat, to submit a motion to lay the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia upon
the table. But before doing so, I desmTto reply i
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from Vir- j
ginia, [Mr. Bocock.] He asked whether the I
clergymen of this city would be willing to ofR- i
ciate without compensation. ;
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. Then I object to it.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman will i
permit the proposition of the clergymen of this |
city to be read to the House, lliey propose i
themselves to perform this service without com- 1
pensation. j
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-1
ing been demanded, it is not in order to debate
the pending question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe I had the
floor before the previous question was demanded.
The SPEAKEPt. The Chair does not so un-
derstand it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask thegentleman
from Georgia, then, to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, that I may read a proposi-
tion which was made to the last Congress by the
clergy of this city. I will renew the demand.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. On that con-
dition I withdraw it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The proposition
is as follows:
" Gentlemen : The undersigned, ministers of the differ-
ent denominations of Christians in Washington, respectfully
submit to you the foilowingstatements and consequent pro-
posal :
" During the long delay in the organization of the present
Hou.se of Representatives, several of our number were in-
vited to officiate in piayer at the opening of the daily ses-
sions. The suggestion wa« then made that the various
clergymen of the city might discharge this duty perma-
nently, in the place of a single Chaplain ; but doubt was
expressed as to the readiness of the ministers of Washing-
ton to render such service.
"An expression on our part seeming, therefore, to be
called for, we be? leave to state to you our conviction, that
the established election of a Chaplain from abroad, by your
honorable bodies, had its ongm in a necessity now no
longer existing; that the pfan adopted by many of our State
Jjpgisiamres, of inviting: neighboring pastors to act as their
chaplains, thus removing all objection to the associating
religious devotion with their deliberations, would rcfiect .
moie credit on Christian ministers, would conduce more j
to their individual aceeptabieness and general usefulness
among members of Congiess and their families, and would '
in every way promote the end had m view in the election !
of Chaplains. I
We therefore respectfully tender our services, offering \
to alternate m the weekly service of opening the two Houses
with morning prayer, and m conducting Divine service on !
Sabbath morning, witli the distinct undemanding that we j
decline receiving any remuneration for these services. !
GEORGE 'XV.''SAMSON, j
Pastor of £ street Baptist Church.
BYRON" SUNDERLAND,
Pastor of First Presbyterian Church,
JAS. R. ECKAItD,
Pastor of Second. Presbyterian Church.
T. A. HASKELL,
Pallor of Western PresbyterUtn Church.
P. D. GURLEF,
Pastor of F street Presbyterian Church,
GEO. HILDT,
Pastor of McKendree Chapel, M. 23. Church.
GEO. D. CCMMIXS,
Rector Trinity Church.
J.GEORGE BUTLER,
S'. Paul's Lutheran Church,
J. MORSCLL,
Rector Christ Church.
SAMUEL D. FINICEL,
Pastor German E. Church.
V. LIGHT UTLSOX,
Paster Methodist Protestant Church.
<vThe above names represent eight denominations of
Christians." ;
As I remarked before, that proposition was i
made at the last Congress, and doubtless those ■
clergymen would be equally willing to do the same '
for this Congress. Indeed, I am just now in- !
formed that such a exposition has been made to '
the present Congress. The manner in which
Chaplains have heretofore been employed in this
House has not only attracted the attention of its
members, but that of the countiy at large. The 1
office has been sought for, and, indeed, I may say
it has been sought for for the money. It has ■
assumed a semi-political cast. The services per-:
formed under such circumstances will lose their
effect not only upon us, but upon the country ;
generally. I am, therefore, in favor of the propo- -
sition of the gentleman from Alabama. I think ■
his the best mode. Let us try the plan. If it
fails to work well we can resort to the old plan 1
again.
I will not now stop to discuss the question. I
have merely said what I have to justify my posi- i
tion. Having done so, and having pledged my- -
self to the honorable member from Georgia to |
renew the demand for the previous question upon ,
his amendment, I will do so, avowing at the same :
time that [ shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. Fearing that, from the remarks
of the geutleman from Indiana, the amendment |i
may bo defeated, I ask the gentleman from Geor- i|
gia to give me an opportunity to express my '
views. 'j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
to prolong the discussion. I trust the amendment j
will be adopted, and that if these gentlemen ten- j
der their services they will be received, and the [
question of compensation be determined after- j
wards. I adhere to the demand for the previous
question. .
Mr. LEITER. I have a substitute I desire
to offer, and I ask the gentleman from Georgia
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, that I may offer it, and then the call can be
renewed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will hear
the substitute read.
The substitute was read as &}Jows :
Resolved, That this House proceed to the election of a
Chaplain for the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this applying the
gag law, and then withdrawing it in favor of par-
ticular members.
Mr. LEITER. I offer the substitute for the
purpose of having the sense of the House upon
the question. I do not propose to discuss it, but
I deem it worthy the notice of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio cannot be entertained unless the
previous question be withdrawn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not withdraw
it. I move to lay the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia upon the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Will not the motion to lay upon
the table the amendment, carry with it the ori-
ginal proposition ?
- The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair, unquestionably, if the niotion prevails.
Mr. HUGHES. I will then withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table, and allow a vote to
be taken upon it directly.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the amend-
ment upon the table.
Mr. HUGHES. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know,
Mr. Speaker, what the particular question is?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to lay upon the table
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Georgia to the original proposition of the gentle-
man from Alabama.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the Chair
entertain that proposition ?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is, that I have never heard that motion made and
entertained by the House. I think it carries the
whole question with it, and that it is impossible
to lay the amendment upon the table without
carrying the original proposition with it.
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I think it
is not competent for the Chair to entertain the
motion. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that par-
liamentary law will justify it, and there is no
special rule to prohibit the Chair from entertain-
ing the motion. If it prevails, it carries the ori-
ginal proposition with it.
The motion to lay on the table was lost.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia—
Mr. LEITER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ad ram. Andrews, Banks, Barksdale,
Bingham. Blair, Bliss. Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Branch,
Brayton, Bryan, Builiuton, Buihngamc, Burns, Campbell,
Case, Chatfee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, John 8. Clark,
dawson, Clay. Clingman, Clark B. Cochrane. Cockeriil,
Colfax, Comin«, Covode.Ciagin, James Craig, Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes,
Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edtnundson,
Eusus, Fcnton, Florence, Foster, Gil lis,Giiman, Gilmer,
Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Robert B. Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Horton,
Howard, Huyler, J. Glancy Jones, Kelioeg, Kelsey, Knapp,
Leech, Leidv, Lovejoy, Maclay,McKibbin, Maynard, Mil-
ler. Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman
H."Morse, Murray, CHin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins,
Roberts, Royce, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Seward, John
Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, James A,
Stewart, George Tavlor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Warren, Eilinu B. Washburae,
Israel Washburn, Watkms, WniteU>y; Wilson, Wood, and
Wortendyke—119.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
