1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lllS
ever saw, where realand unadulterated democracy-
does not reign as a sentiment, but is lived out in
practicc by all the people; where there is no aris-
tocracy; where there is no man so hi?h that he
can claim a privilege beyond hiss most humble
fellow-citizen. This is the nature of the com-
munities of the North, and of none more so than
of that State which i have the honor in part to
represent here. That is the freest of the free. U
was there that the mind of that great patriot,
Thomas Jefferson, fixed his eye the moment we
had repelled the force of Great Britain. His
philanthropic eye saw that great and beautiful
wilderness lying open, soon to be peopled by the
citizens of the United States. It was a leading
object with him there to carry into practice those
beautiful theories of equality which had charmed
his great mind so long. He labored unceasingly
until he had fixed out a document fully to carry
out there his great idea that the people should rule
the governments of the earth. He found nothing
in the way of his theory; there was a blank sheet
of paper. There was a government to be laid,
unstained by any of the crimes of ancient Rome.
No institutions had grown up there inconsistent
with right; and he fixed upon that soil to carry
out the great theory of self-government for which
the world had labored and sighed for so many
generations; and there the work was completed.
In that region there is no aristocracy. In that
glorious region there is no slave. Whoever comes
there impressed with the image of God, is ac-
knowledged to have an inalienable right to liberty
that none but God can take away.
This is the character of the communities com-
posing more than one half the States of this Union.
How is it on the other side ? Why. sir, I under-
stood the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
in the beautiful speech that he made yesterday,
which would have challenged the admiration of
every one, except for some sentiments that were
scattered through it, to say—I have not had the
benefit of seeing his speech printed, but I think he
said—that these ideas of political equality which
were held up before our communities were Uto-
pian and fanciful, and never could be realized.
This probably was not his language, but ft was
his sentiment. Those principles of equality, as- :
serted in the great charter of human liberty, the |
Declaration of Independence, he believes to be !
Utopian, incapable of practicc; mere abstractions,
not to be lived out.
I wish southern gentlemen were better ac-
quainted than they seem to be with northern in-
stitutions. I tell the Senator from Virginia, you
are wrong in believing this to be an abstraction.
Itis, thank God,a truth,the realization of which
any man can witness who will cross over into my
State. I have heard these sentiments uttered so
often on the other side of the Chamber that I have
come to know that our views of government are
just as diverse as men's views possibly can be.
There is, as I said before, an antagonism exist-
ing between us which I know not how you are
to cover up. The Declaration of Independence
an abstraction ! Are the great rights which it
proclaimed, and which were the boast and glory
of our fathers, "glittering generalities,"having
no practical meaning? If so, I would ask any
man what did you gain by that boasted Revolu-
tion of yours? Wherein does your Government
differ from any despotism on the face of the earth?
Once break loose from the glorious doctrines of
that great charter of liberty, and you are in the
slough of despond; you have nothing to distin-
guish you from the most horrible despotism that
ever reigned over prostrate human nature. I ask
again, why do you boast of what your fathers
did, if they established a mere abstraction, or, as
it is sometimes called, a " glittering generality ?"
The Senator from South Carolina, carrying out
the same idea, said:
f£In all social sj stems there must be a class to do the
menial duties, to pertorm the drudgery of lift;. 7vhatis, a
class requhmg but a low order of inieilcset, and but little
skill. Its requisites are vi^or, docility, fidelity. Such a
clasK you must have, 01 you would not have that othei ciass
which leads progicss., civilization, and refinement."
Now, suppose you had not that class which
loads progress, civilization, and refinement: which
class can you dispense with best? Of what use
is your idle aristocracy? In God's name, have
they not been the curse, the blight ol every nation
of tfte earth ? You cannot have tins refined aris-
tocracy, says the gentleman, unless you have a
class to do your drudgery; and that is the senti- '
ment of the whole South. How diametrically I
opposed to it is the whole practical system of the '
North 1 Isir reasonable, is it right, that " a class"
shall do your drudgery—"a class" that shall
obey? Sir, labor should never be done by a class.
If you obeyed the mandate of the Almighty, and
labor were distributed among all the able-bodied
men, it would cease to be a task; it would become
a mere amusement, and it would tax no man's
physical powers above what would consist with
his health and his welfare. It was designed—for
God is just—that this drudgery of which the Sen-
ator speaks should be distributed among all the
able-bodied men so as to make it light, and then
it would not be inconsistent with the highest per-
fection of civilization and refinement; but, on the
other hand, would lead directly to it. Labor done
by a class ! That, sir, was the old curse of the
Old World. A class has been assigned to do the
drudgery, to do all that is valuable, to produce
everything that is beneficial; and the system
leaves aristocratical drones, useless, vicious idlers,
whom any community can well dispense with. I
say this class you can dispense with to the ad-
vantage of any community that I know of; but
the class who do your labor cannot be dispensed
with. The Senator says you must have a class
to do your degraded labor. I deny that labor is
degraded; and here is the point of difference be-
tween us, which 1 fear can never be overcome.
That is one grand reason why we resist yoursys-
tem coming into our Territories; it is because you
are determined to contaminate all labor by this
degraded class. Will the free, intelligent laborer
place himself upon a level with your mere abject
chattel, and toil there? Sir, he cannot doit,and
ought not to do it, and will not do it.
What an idea of labor! The Senator supposes
that the laboring class want but very little mind
and very little skill. Sir, there is nothing on earth
that puts the human intellect to all that it can at-
tain like the varied labor of man. What does your
drone, your refined aristocrat, do in his mind ?
What problems does he work out ? He consumes
the products of lalyir; he is idle, and ten to one he
is also vicious. He never invents. Go to your
Patent Office, and see what are the products of
your degraded labor and your refined aristocrat.
The latter never invents anything, unless it is a
new way of stuffing a chicken or mixing liquor.
[Laughter.] He invents nothing beneficial to man.
Degraded labor, with a low intellect, is all you
want! Sir, the machinery brought into operation
by intelligent labor is doing now more drudgery
than all the slaves upon the face of the earth. The
elements are yoked to the machines of human use-
fulness, and there they are doing the work of bone
and muscle, and your system cannot abide with
it. The doom of slavery would be fixed, if it was
by nothing else than the products of intelligent
labor. You drudge along ill the old way; you
invent no steam engine, because your labor is de-
graded. You do not want skill; you want but very
little mind; and the Senator thinks the more igno-
rant the laborers are the better, for he says they
are so degraded that they have no ambition, and
they never will endanger this refined class that
eats up the proceeds of their labor !
That is the idea of government that prevails all
through the slaveholding regions of the South.
Again, the Senator says of the degraded ciass that
do the drudgery:
£' rt constitutes tile very mud-Fill of society and of politi-
cal government; and you mii'ht as well attempt to build a
house m the air, as to build either the one or the otJiei, ex-
cept on this inud-siii."
And then lie goes on to say that we of the
North have white slaves; that we perform our
labor by whiteslaves. This class must exist every-
where, and they must be a mud-siil upon which
you must erect civil societies and political organ-
izations. How little that gentleman understood of
the spirit of our northern laborers ! I would like
to see him endeavoring to erect his political insti-
tutions upon their prostrate necks as mud-sills. I
think it would be a little troublesome. He might
as well make his bed in hell, or erect his building
over a volcano, as to undertake to build on his
northern " mud-sills." Then, with it simplicity
that shows he knows nothing of northern society,
he says we have sent our missionaries down to
their very hearthstones to endanger their system.
I do not know how that is; but he turns round
and asks how we would like them to send their
missionaries up to teach our laborers their power.
I was astonished at such an idea as that being pre-
sented to political men of the North, who know
and see and feel the power of the laboring class
of men. We are all laboring men, and the poli-
tician cannot live unless they breathe upon him;
he cannot move unless he moves with their appro-
bation. They are the soul, the strength, the body,
the virtue, the main stay of all our society. De-
prive our State of its laborers and what would it
be ? We have nothing else, and we have none of
your refined society that is spoken of. We all
labor, andare all disgraced, as the gentleman
would call it, in our community. Labor with us
is honorable; idleness is disreputable. That is
the state of things with us, and the laboring man
knows full well, and needs no missionary to tell
him, the potency of his vote.
We should 1 ike to have your missionaries come
up and endeavor to endanger our society 1 Good
heavens! One man has the same interest in up-
holding it as another. Suppose one man is richer
than another in Ohio. There is no very great
diversity, as a general thing; but suppose he is; "
take the child of the poorest man in our State;
and has he any temptation to overthrow our Gov-
ernment? No, sir; full of life, full of hope, full
of ambition to go beyond him who has gone
furthest, he wishes to avail himself of the same
securities which have ministered to the upbuild-
ing of others. He is a citizen, who holds all the
rights of citizenship as dear as the most wealthy.
His stake in society is the same; his hope is the
same; his interest in good government is the same.
He is none of your prostrate mud-si!ls, deprived
of those rights which God Almighty has given
him, trampled under foot, and made to minister
to the interests of another man. There is no such
system as that with us.
But the Senator spoke about a degraded class
in our great commercial cities. I have to confess
that there is some truth in that. We have a de-
graded class in the cities. They are the offscour-
ings generally of the Old World—men who come
here reduced to beggary by their ignorance; re-
duced to beggary by their vice; ignorant, vicious,
dangerous. 1 do not deny it. They are incident
to all large cities; but the Senator should not
complain of them. They are the chief corner-
stone of your political strength in the North.
Find me the vicious ward of any city that does
not uphold your system of slavery, vote for its
candidates, support its measures, and labor for
its men. Ho, sir, you should not complain of
this vicious population. In truth and in fact, they
are about the only stay and support you have
there now, and you ought not to traduce them.
Prom their very natures, they attach themselves
to you, and I do not think by any treatment ynu
will be able to drive them off. They are natur-
ally with you; they were slaves in their own
countries; "they do not know anything else than
to be the understrappers of somebody; and when
■ they hear that here are slaveholders contending
with freemen, you find them with the former all
the time.
Mr. President, I think this shows the antag-
onism between the institutions of the North and
the South. We have not made them so. No-
body here is particularly to blame for the state of
things that exists. It has grown imperceptibly
with our growth. Our lot has been cast either on
one side of the line or the other. Our habits and
our education have conformed to that state of
things existing where our lot has been cast. I
can appreciate and make allowances for that, but
I cannot be biased as to the right of the matter.
I know where that is.
Now, what is the remedy for this? If you
bring us into collision, your system of despotism
encountering our system of freedom here on this
floor, do you suppose there will be no excitement?
I Is any one so superficial as to believe that it will
! depend on the temper and disposition of a man,
how this great controversy shall be settled? Not
at all, sir. You may preach harmony, you may
preach forbearance till doomsday, but a violent
conflict will take place every time these principles
meet on this floor or elsewhere, because they are
naturally antagonistic. God Almighty has made
them so, and man cannot reconcile them. What,
then, is our safety' is to stand upon the pnnci-
