1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
M. Plummer andMaryR. Plummer,minor child-
ren of Captain Samuel M. Plummer. [Objected
to by Mr. Letcher.]
HENRY TAYLOR. j
A bill (H. R. No. 228) for the relief of Henry |
Taylor. [Objected to by Mr. Jewett.]
SAMUEL GOODRICH, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 229) for the relief of Samuel
Goodrich,jr. [Objected to by Mr. Reagan.]
MARY BENNETT.
A bill (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
Bennett. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes- j
see.] j
NANCY SERENA. '
I
A bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Nancy j
Serena. ;
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior '
to place the name of Nancy Serena, widow of Jo- j
seph Serena, deceased, on the pension roll, and ,
pay her at the rate of dollars per month, com- j
mencmg June 15,1854,and to continue during her j
natural life or widowhood. i
It appears from the report that the petitioner is \
the widow of Joseph Serena, who was a private j
in Captain Craig's company Pennsylvania militia ;
m the war of 1812. While in the seivice,and
from exposure therein, her husband became an
invalid, and as such was allowed a pension under
the laws of the United States. He died from the
disease thus contracted in 1854, about the 15th of j
June. It having been settled that the husband [
was an mvafid, and as such entitled to lelief, and
it being quite clear from the evidence that the same
disease which rendered him an invalid ultimately
caused his death, the committee are of opinion j
that his widow is entitled to relief, and they there- '
fore report the hill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. LEITER. 1 move to fill the blanks in the
bill with " eight" dollars per month.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I und> rstand there
is a general law now pending in the House which
will regulate that matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
A hill (H. R. No. 232) for the relief of Marga-
ret Whitehead.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior
to placc the name of Margaret Whitehead, widow
of William Whitehead, a boatswain in the Uni-
ted States Navy, on the pension roll, and cause
to be paid to her the sum of ten dollars per month,
from the 9th of April, 1854, and to continue during
her natural life or widowhood.
It appears from the report that the petitioner is
the widow of William Whitehead, deceased, who
was a boatswain in the United States Navy: while
engaged, underorders, in removing some cannon
and balls at Old Point, he received a strain in the
groin, resulting in hernia, and he died of stran-
gulated hernia and hydrocele, April 9,3854._ The
committee are of opinion that the petitioner is en-
titled to relief, and therefore leport the bill, and
recommend its passage..
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a reeommend.ition that it do pass.
SYLVANUSBURNHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of Sylva-
nus Burnham. [Objected to by Mr. Reagan.]
JOHN HOPPER.
A bill (H. R. No. 280) for the relief of John
Hopper. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN A. HOPPER.
A bill (H. R. No. 23'/) for the relief of the
hi lis of John A. Hopper. [Objected to by Mr.
Tavloii, of Louisiana.]
RICHARD TARVIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the
br-irfs of Richard Taivtn. ' [Objected to by Mr.
Ueagak- j
zrx* TVTT.LT AM 3.
V bill (H. R. No. 239) for the relief of Zina
WillMniR. roi>|ccted to by Mr. Curry }
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG. j
An adverse report (C. C. No. 149) upon the j
petition of the claimants of the brig General Arm- j
strong. j
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I move that this •
report be laid aside, to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
The report was passed over.
benjamin f. hall.
A bill (H. R. No. 244) for the relief of Benja-
min F. Hall. [Objected to by Mr. Russell.]
BAUDOUIN AND ROBERTS.
A bill (H.R. No. 245) for the relief of A. Bau-
douin and A. D. Roberts. [Objected to by Mr. j
Hawkins.] j
NANCY T>. HOLKAR. j
A bill (IT. R. No. 249) for the relief of Nancy 1
D. Holkar. |
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be reported !
back to the House, with a recommendation that it ,
do not pass. I have received information since 1
the report was presented which satisfies me that
the report was a mistake.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is it in order to object,
after a motion to report with a recommendation
that it do not pass ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so considers.
The motion indicates a final disposition of the
case, and theChairconsiders that the special order
of the House is, that a final disposition bhall not
be come to whoie there is objection.
Mr. STANTON. The motion itself is an ob-
jection, and the bill must be passed over.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
consider it. The rule is, that if there be any ob-
jection at all to the final disposition of a bill, it
shall not bn considered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. If the gentle-
man will allow me to state one word, I think he
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. LEITER. If tlieie is to be no discussion,
I withdraw my objection; if there is to be, I will
not withdraw it.
Mr. POTTLE. I renew the objection.
JOHN R- TEMPLE.
An act (S. No. 38) for the relief of John R.
Temple, of Louisiana.
The bill confirms John R. Temple in his title
to a tract of land, containing six hundred and
seventy arpents, lying and being within what is
known as the "Baron de Bastrop grant," on the
east side of Bayou Bartholomew, and more par-
ticularly described in a plat and survey executed
on the 19th and 20th of January, 1855, by Henry
Curtis, parish surveyor %r the parish of More-
house, in Louisiana; and being all that part of
I two certain tracts ofland, not heretofore confirmed
I to any other claimant, as follows, to wit: a tiact
| of land sold and conveyed by the heirs of Mose-
i house to George Hook, by deed dated Decem-
j ber 10, 1814; and a certain other tract conveyed
] by Abraham Morehouse to Jacob Stroop, son of
i George Stioop, by deed dated December 10,1812.
] The second section enacts that the Commis-
i sioner of the General Land Office, upon the re-
> ceipt of a plat and survey of the land hereby con-
j firmed, executed by the proper officer, shall cause
| a patent to be issued therefor to the said John
i Temple; provided, however, that such patent
shall only operate as a relinquishment of title on
the part of the United States,, and shall not affect
the lights of any thiid person.
. i The report was read. It appears therefrom that
!' the claim of John 11. Temple was not filed with
! the commissioners under the act of 1851, provid-
in'4 for the adjustment of private land claims in
'' the Baron de Bastrop grant, on the ground,as lie
, alleges in his memorial, that he believed his claim
i: was confirmed with the Bonaventureclaim, which
I it adjoins. The committee find a regular chain of
'' title "from Morehouse to John R. Temple. The
claimant and Lh^ persons under whom h^ hold-*,
have bee*; in unintei ruptcd possession of a part
1 of the lands since I£07, and the remainder since
1912 and 1814, and the same has ta^en inhabited
! and cultnated from those dares, respectively, up
' to this time. Two affidavits, accompanying the
papers, show that the lands have been inhabited
and cultivated for more than twenty years. The
committee are unanimously of the opinion that if
this claim had been presented to the commission-
ers under the act of 1851, with the proofs now
before the committee, such commissioners would
have recommended this claim for confirmation.
The omission of the memorialist to present his
claim to the commissioners ought not, m the opin-
ion of the committee, to defeat the rights of the
claimant under the act of 1851; they therefore re-
port a bill to confirm the memorialist in his title
to six hundred and seventy arpents of land, being
the tract which he holds by a regular chain of
title from Morehouse, and upon which he now
resides.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
PIERRE GAGNON.
A bill (IT. R. No. 250) for the relief of Pierre
Gagnon, of Natchitoches, Louisiana.
The bill allows Pierre Gagnon to enter and pay
for his preemption claim to the northeast and
southeast fractional quarters of section seven, in
township nine north, of range six west, contain-
ing about one hundred and eighty-nine acres, in
the land office of Natchitoches, Louisiana, and
that a patent issue therefor as in ordinary cases;
provided, however, that this right of entry, nor
any patent issued under it, shall prejudice any
valid adverse claim, should such exist.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
refeued the memorial of Pierre Gagnon, ol Louisiana, re-
pot t:
Tti.it, as per statement of the register of the land office at
Natr-lntoehf-., Louwnma, -Mr Gagnon tiled m that office on
the 28th ot' May, 1836, Ins proof of a preemption ciaun to
certain land*.
The memouah-H states "that lie has repeatedly offered
to pa\ for the s?aine, hut that payment has been relumed to
he received, on the ground that there was a claim theieto
hv one hf-wi-, Moreno; which claim, he allege, is entirely
fictitious and a fiaud.no Mich man having lived tn thatsee-
i tion of countrv, as can be piovcd by competent witnesses
| who have ie^ided m the viemny of >aid land foi more than
sixtv year-* "
I Tin* statement by Mr. Gagnon is indorsed and eorroh-
i orated by thirty-two of the best citizens of that neighbor-
, hood.
l The CommiPFionei of the Land Office, in his response to
i a ea'l made by the commiUeo lor any information to befur-
m.-hed by ins department touching the casein question, sajs,
" that nu ob|"cttoii i- peiceivcd to the parage of an act re-
• ! inquiring the title of! he (Tinted States in favor of the claim-
I ant. (Gagnon,) and specifying in -tich act that no preexist-
ing right or valid adverse claim which rnaj exist should be
picjudiced thereby
In view of thf^e facts, and that for more than twenty
years no attempt has been made to establish the claim stand-
ing m the name of Motcno, \our committee j-ee no reckon
why Gagnon. who has lived on and cultivated a portion of
the land dm mg all that time, should not noiv be allowed to
make pavment theretor, and icceive title as suggested by the
Commissioner ol the Laud Qffics. and herewith report a
bill.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN" HUERTAS.
A bill (FI. R. No. 203) to authorize the claim-
| ants in right of John Huertas to enter certain
! lands in Florida.
i The bill authorizes the claimants in right of
! John Huertns to a tract of six thousand acies m
Florida, confiimed by the Supreme Court of the
United States at the January term in 1834, to en-
ii ter, at any land office in Florida, three thousand
II three hundred and thirty-two acres and thirty
!| hundrethsof an acre of any of the public lands in
IJ that State offered or unoifercd, the same being in
;i addition to the area of two thousand six hundred
! and sixty-seven acres and seventy hundredths of
;! an acre surveyed for said _claim. and designated
'] as section forty-eight, m township nine south, of
■; range twenty-seven east, in the St. Augustine
! land district, Florida, and being the difference be-
i tween the quantity embraced by the survey and
j the six thousand acres confirmed for the claim;
!{ and the register and receiver of any of the land
|j offices shall receive the proper applications and
■; proofs, and shall issue the necessmy ceitifkate;
;> upon the return of which to the Geneial Land Of-
' fice, with baiisfactoiy proof of the riyhis of the
claimants, a patent shall issue L>r the uaids so
located.
: Mr. COBB I move to amend inserting a
! provision that thelamlsshall notb'j located wr.hm
I six miles of any railroad.
[ The amendment was agreed to.
