1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB*,.
75
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecomjiton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
mony of the country can be preserved. To me, it
is immaterial whether this act shall, or shall not,
be accompanied by a declaration or condition by
Congress that the people shall have, at all times,
the right of altering their constitution. You might
as well insert a declaration that the sun shines;
the two propositions are equally plain, without
the declaration of them. I will vote for such a
declaration, for it asserts expressly only what is
there by necessary implication; and because, if
there be any room for doubt, it will remove
that doubt. I will vote for it in any way; either
as a declaration, a proviso, or a condition; al-
though I believe it is there already. Recognizing
the right of the people of Kansas to alter their
constitution when they please; and recognizing
the right of the Legislature, at any time before
the year 1864, by the vote of a bare majority, to
propose amendments, if the people do not wish
to go through the form of having the entire con-
stitution changed, and if they are only dissatis-
fied on one clause; and entertaining the belief that
the admission of Kansas into the Union is a meas-
ure of national peace, anil that the strife which
would follow its rejection would envelop and af-
fect every man in the country, I most earnestly
trust that calm counsels will prevail, and that the
matter may be put in such a shape as the gentle-
man from Indiana has just hoped it might be, to
command the votes of himself and others. I hope
there may be no dissensions in a party on which
depend the success and quiet of the country; and
I promise gentlemen that, if that is done, there
will be no more disaffection nor disorder; because
I do not believe that the people of Kansas are so
suicidal or so fratricidal as to continue dissensions
and discords when the Federal Government shall
have removed its forces from the Territory, and
relieved it from territorial dependence. If that be
the result, Mr. Chairman, I am sure that all will be
satisfied who have contributed to bring it about.
[Here the hammer fell, the hour having expired.]
[APPENDIX.
(A.)
Resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
u Resolved, That in tiic opinion of this House, it is expe-
dient and proper for the good people of this Commonwealth
to choose a convention for the purpose of reviewing and, if
they see occasion, altering and amending, the constitution
of this State.
«Resolved, That in the opinion of this House, a conven-
tion being chosen and met, it would be expedient, just, and
reasonable, that the convention should pu bhsh their amend-
ments and alterations, for the consideration of the people,
and adjourn at least four months previous to confirmation."
Protest of William Lewis.
«I dissent, because, although I admit, in the fullest ex-
tent, that it will be proper tor the convention to submit to
the consideration of the people the plan of government
which may be formed, and, although I fervently wish that
sufficient time will be afforded them to deliberate thereon,
I am so far trom being satisfied of the right of this House to
enter into any resolution* respecting it, that I cannot but
consider them as unwarrantable assumptions of power. The
resolution agreed to must be intended to have some weight
and influence with the convention, or it would not have
been proposed ; and as that weight and influence, so far as
they operate, must tend to prevent the unbiased exercise of
their own minds, in a matter submitted to them b> the peo-
ple, and not by this House, they must be highly improper.
An adjournment by the convention is a tiling in itself so
desirable, that were its membeis to be appointed by tins
House, and to derive their authonty from it, I should not
only be for recommending, but directing the measure. But
the convention must be cho?en by the people, m whom alone
the authority is lodged, and will derive all their powers 1'iom
them. They will sit, and they ought to act, both as to ad-
jom-nments, and in all other respects, independent of this
House, and should not in the one case, any more than in
others, be influenced by it. Being to be chosen by the
same people with ourselves, it is lather assuming m us to
suppose that their wisdom, vntue, or discretion will be less
than our own, and unless we distrust their prudent exer-
cise thereof, it does not become us, to whom the business
does not appcitain, to dictate to those to whom it belongs.
They will doubtless receive from their constituents and du (y
respect such instructions and recommendations as they may
think proper to give, but ought not to rcceive any fioin us,
who, as a body, have no right to interfere, and who, as in-
dividuals, will have a voice with other members of the com-
munity.
k'The people may think that an adjournment ot lour
months is too long or too short, and may recommend as
they may think proper; but we have no light to think or
to act for them, tf we have a right to resolve that an ad-
journment is pioper, we must have an equal right to icsolve
that it is improper; or that any matter in the formation of
the government is right or wiong, accoiding to the pievail-
ing ideas in this House. In our resolution respecting the
election and the meeting of the convention, we are author-
ized by the wishes of the people, manifested to us; but wc
have no authouty of our own, and are not warranted by
them to proceed further. When the convention meet, they
will look to the source of their authority for instructions and
recommendations, both as to adjourning, and as to other
matters, and act with a prudent discretion therein; and as
that discretion ought not to be biased by any supposed in-
fluence of this House, I dissent from the resolution, as be-
ing calculated to intrench on the rights of the people and
on the free deliberations of their representatives in conven-
tion, and have recorded my reasons m justification of ray
conduct."
(B.) *
From the Constitution of Pennsylvania, 0/1776.
" In order that the freedom of this Commonwealth may
be preserved inviolate forever, there shall be chosen by bal-
lot, by the freemen in each city and county respectively on
the second Tuesday of October, in the year one thousand
seven hundred and eighty-three, and on the second Tues-
day in October, in every seventh year thereafter, two per-
sons in each city and county of this State, to be called the
Council of Censois, wiio shall meet together on the second
Monday of November next ensuing their election; the ma-
jority of whom shall be a quorum m every case, except as
to calling a convention, in which two thirds of the whole
number elected shall agree, and whose duty it shall be to
inquire whether the constitution has been preserved invio-
late m every part; and whether the legislative and execu-
tive branches of government have performed their duty, as
guardians of the people, or assumed to themselves,or exer-
cised, other or greater powers than thuy are entitled to hy
the constitution; they are also to inquire whether the public
taxes have been justly laid and collected m all parts of this
Commonwealth, m what manner the public moneys have
been disposed of, and whether the laws have bpen duly ex-
ecuted. For these purposes they shall have power to send
for persons, papers, and records; they shall have authority
to pass public censures, to order impeachments,and to rec-
ommend to the Legislature the repealing of such laws as
appear to them to have been enacted contrary to the prin-
ciples of the constitution.
" These powers they shall continue to have for and dur-
ing the space of one year from the day of their election,
and no longer. The said council of ceii-sors shall also have
power to call a contention, to meet within two years after
their sitting, if there appears to them an absolute necessity
of amending any amele of the constitution which may be
defective, explaining such as may be thought not clearly
expressed, and of adding such as are necessary for the pies-
ervation of the rights and happiness of the people; but
the articles to be amended, and the amendments proposed,
and such articles as are proposed to be added or abolished,
shall be promulgated at least six months before the day ap-
pointed for the election of such convention, for the previ-
ous consideration of the people, that they may have an op-
portunity of instructing their delegates on the subject."
(C.)
Reasons for dissenting from the call of a Convention.
" Because we are of opinion that this House is not com-
petent to the subject. We are delegated for the special
purposes of legislation, agreeably to the constitution. Our
authority is derived fiom it and hmitedbyit. Weare bound
by the sanction of our solemn oaths to do nothing injurious
to it, and the pood people of Pennsylvania have, in the con-
stitution, declaicd the only mode in which they will exei-
cise < the light of a community to reform, alter, or abolish
government,1 as being the manner most conducive to the
public weal.
Because this measure at once infringes the solemn
compact entered into by the people of this State with each
other, to be ruled by fixed principles; will render every form
of government precarious and unstable ; encourage factions,
in then beginning contemptible tor numbers, by a persever-
ing opposition to any administration, to hope for success;
and subject the lives" and liberties of the good people of this
Commonwealth, and all law and government, to uncer-
tainty ; render evervthmg that is dear subject to the caprice
of a factious and coi rupt majority m the legislature; destroy
all confidence in our government; and prevent foreigners
from giving that pieference to Pennsylvania as an asylum
from oppression which we hav* hitherto experienced."]
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Monday, March 15, 1858.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 161) for the admission of the State of Kan-
sas into the Union, and Mr. Wade having con-
cluded his speech in opposition to the bill, the
debate was continued as follows:
Mr. MASON. In the remaiks which I am to
submit on the subject before the Senate, I desire
to review as briefly as I may the history of the
events and causes which have brought trie ques-
tion of African bondage into discussion before the
American Congress, in connection with the ex-
pansion of the country in the addition of new
States.
The question of slavery, as it lias existed upon
this continent now for more_ than two hundred
years, was, before our colonial independence, a
subject of no contention whatever between the
colonies—none that I have been able, to trace. It
was found, after the Declaration of Independence,
when the colonics, before that time perfectly in-
dependent of each other, came together to form a
common Government, in a spirit of fraternity that
I wish could actuate States and statesmen now,
that the existence of African bondage was, to a
large extent, confined to the southern States; but
still it existed in all the States. The subject of
this form of servitude became a question of dis-
cussion in the Federal convention, upon the in-
quiry whether those subject to it should be treated,
in the formation of the Government, as an element
of political power. It constituted a part of their
population; it was their property, conceded on all
hands; and it became immediately a sine qm iton
to the formation of any common Government, on
the part of the southern colonies, that their Afri-
can slaves should constitute an element of polit-
ical power in the colonies where they were found.
It was a subject of great debate, as all Senators
know who have looked back into the history of
the country.
Many most disturbing questions arose in that
convention—questions naturally springing out of
the dissimilarity of interests and the dissimilarity
of their pursuits or labor—questions between the
planting States and the commercial and navigating
States, and other questions that arose upon the
demand of the smaller States to stand as equals
in the Confederacy, by an equality of represent-
ation in one branch of the national Councils; but
there lay at the bottom of all, as was conceded
by the patriots and statesmen of that day, this
question of domestic servitude in the population
of the southern States, as the most difficult to
adjust. Senators will find, in looking back to the
proceedings of that convention, that one of its
greatest minds, and most illustrious members—I
mean the la te James Madison—when there seemed
to be almost an irreconcilable rupture between
the large and the small States, on the question of
equal representation, told them, all that could be
overcome; should they go back and settle the po-
litical relations of African bondsmen in the Con-
federacy, they would find the rest of more easy
adjustment. It was done, and resulted in the stip-
ulations of the second section and first article of
the Constitution, by which three fifths of the
slaves were to be computed in fixing decennially
the ratio of representation, thus constituting the
slave population an element of political power.
Now, sir, statesmen may look at this subject
as they please, but they will be brought, of neces-
sity, back to this very question of representation
of the slaves as the true point of division between
the different sections of the country. Sir, if it
was fixed by the Constitution as an element of
political power in the South, the sickly sentiment
of the North, now so sedulously nursed by their
politicians, against African bondage, would find
little sympathy at their hands. Let us meet the
question, then, as men and as statesmen, and, I
trust, also as patriots.
When did it first arise since the Confederation
—I mean the question of political power in the
Confederacy resulting from this slave representa-
tion ? It was first agitated in the attempt made
in the year 18:20, upon a question exactly such
as agitates our councils now—the admission of
a new State into the Confederacy. What was
attempted then? To make it a condition of ad-
mission that the State should abolish slaveiy
within her limits; and, if I recollect aright the
history of that day, a distinguished Senator on
this floor, then icpiesenting the State of New
1 Yoik, (Rufus King,) frankly avowed that tiie
purpose of the condition was to impair the politi-
! cal power of the southern States. He honestly
j avowed it. Without subterfuge or evasion, it was
I then frankly avowed, that the condition sought
; to be imposed on Missouri, was to prevent the
| expansion of political power in the South, by the
I constitutional right of slave representation.
) What was the result? The State of Missouri,
: then constituting a part of that large country do-
lived by us from France us the Territory of Lou-
isiana, was admitted upen coudil-lon—a condition
! unknown to the Constitution. The State of Mis-
I souri was admitted unon condition that a parallel
■ of latitude should be drawn across the whole Ter-
j ritorv of Louisiana; and whilst slavery should be
j excluded noith of it, there was no guaiantee that
i it should be admitted south of it. The prohibi-
II tion was that north of the parallel of 3C°30',tliia
