76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
involuntary servitude, as it was termed, should
be forever excluded. And this unconstitutional
restriction became handed down, in the tradition-
ary history of the times, as the " Missouri com-
promise."
Mr. President, I have yet to see the southern
statesman, looking back to the history of that
day, and to the consequences which followed,
who does not deplore in his heart that a final
stand on the part of the southern States, based on
the securities of the Constitution, was not made
there and then, and no step taken backwards.
But the law passed, Missouri was admitted upon
condition that involuntary servitude, except for
crime, should be forever prohibited north of the
line prescribed; and that passed, as I have said,
in the traditionary history of the day, as a com-
promise.
Well, we have believed, on ourside, ever since
that, compromise or no compromise, it had no
warrant in constitutional law. Time ran by, and
it was acquiesced in. There was no express agree-
ment, but a sort of tacit understanding, for the
peace and repose of the country, that if, on one
side they would fairly commit themselves to that
line, we would assent that slavery should not ex-
tend north of it if they would assent thatit should
be extended south of it. How were we met?
This line honorable Senators from the North, and
those whom they represent, now speak of as a
line founded in sacred compact, that was intended
to give repose and peace to the country, and
did give it; and yet when in after years further
territory was acquired west of the territory of
Louisiana, and the proposition was made to carry
out the " compromise" by extending the line, it
was met by a decided lel'usal. Here, in 1848,
when we wore organizing the Territory of Ote-
gon, it was insisted that this interdict should be
placed on that Territory, far north as it was, and
the proposition was made-—not from me; 1 had
the honor then of a seat upon this floor, but no
such proposition overcame from me—but a prop-
osition was made from southern men, again, if
they could, to secure the repose and pence of the
country by extending that line to the Pacific; and
accoidmg to my recollection, almost every vote
from the northern States was against it.
So far to the contrary were they, indeed, from
adhering to any compromise, that on the very
first proposition to organize a territorial govern-
ment in one of the new Territories, public men,
representing the interests of the non-slaveholdmg
States, exhumed from the dust of a half century
the ordinance of ]7b7, and presented it to the
country as a chart of republican freedom from our
fathers, containing within it, as they alleged, a re-
pudiation of the condition of slavery, and recom-
mended it tor a like interdict in all the new Ter-
riiories, giving birth to what was called, fiom the
gentleman who first presented it, the " Wilmot
proviso." The oidmanee of iTvST, or thia clause
in the oulmance, has been resorted to fiom that
day to tins, as evidence that, even before the foun-
dation o( the. present Government, our fathers,
looked to a power in the United States tonfl'ect, i
by ennuicinntiun or otherwise, the condition of |
Afiiean bondage on the continent. \
Now, Mr. President, the people of that day
have ;ill passed from among us, but they have
lelt some memorials behind; and I have one here
from the same venerated man to whom I have \
befon'jiiluded, showing in what policy that clause j
in the ordinance of 1787 was founded. It was i
not intended in any manner to affect (he condition •
of Af'ncm bondage, as it then existed upon the :
continent. It was aimed as a blow against the 1
foiei^u African slave trade, and nothing more. 1 '
will n ad it. in a letter addressed by Mr. Mad-
ison, in 1&39, to iioinit Walsh, then, 1 think
the ediiot of an abolition newspaper in Philadel-
phia   |
Mr. vS ft WARD. He edited a newspaper. You;
said an abolition newspaper. !
Mr. MASON. 1 did. I
Mr. tSEWARD. 1 never knew that. !
Mr. MASOX. That is my recollection. I will '
say a newspaper.
   ;
* Mr. M ^on" is nor cci trim that Mr. Wa^hV newspaper . i
was established ui Philadelphia eaily as 1819. Hut fus ;!
recollection is distinct, tu.u, after Die slave question aio&e ;|
in 1820, he did cuuduei an abuliuon press in that City. i I
Mr. SEWARD. I am glad to know that he
was.
Mr. MASON. Unlike the honorable Senator,
I was a boy m thosu clays, and take it from his-
tory and tradition. In a letter to Robert Walsh
dated November 27, 1819, Mr. Madison said:
" With lespcrt to what has taken place in rhr* Northwest-
em Territory, it may bo observed, that the oidmanee giving
its distinctive character on the subject of slavehoidmg,
proceeded from the old acting with the best in-
tentions, but under a chartei which eoniain^ 110 r-hadow of
authority exeieised. And it remain* to be decided how far
the States foimcd withm that Teiritoiy, aid admitted into
the Union,, arc on a different tooting fiom its other mem-
bers a-5 to their legislative sovereignty.
" Whether the convention could have looked to the ex-
istence of slavfty at all in the new States, is a point on
whieh I can add little to what has been already stated.
The great object of the convention ^eemed to be to piohibit
the increase by the importation of slaves. A power to email •
eipate slaves was disclaimed; nor is anything lecollected
that denoted a view to control the liistubniion of those
within the country. The case of the Northwestern Tern-
tory was probably superseded by the provision against the
importation of slaves by South Carolina and Georgia, which
had not then passed laws prohibiting it. When the exist-
ence of slavery in that. Terutoiy was piecluded, the impor-
tation ol slave* was rapidly going on, and the only mode of
cheeking it was by nai lowing the space open to them, ft
is not an unfair inference, that the j>\pe<hent would not have
been undei taken if the power atterwaul given to terminate
the imposition everywhere had existed, or even been anti-
cipated It has appeared that the present Congie-s never
followed the example during the twenty yeais preceding
the prohibitory epoch."
I would say, then, to honorable Senators and to
the country, if any argument is to be derived from
this source, in favor of the doctrines of restrain-
ing the distiibution of slaves upon the continent,
that they would derive the true argument from the
policy known to belong to our fathers of that day,
and carried out as soon as they were permitted to
do it by the Federal Government, in the abolition
of the slave trade altogether. This was an attempt,
by limiting the area in which slavery could be used
in thus excluding it from the Northwest Teiri-
tory, so far to discourage or diminish importation
of slaves. And it clearly follows,if any argument
is to be derived from this manifestation of a policy
by tiie Continental Congress m regard to slavery,
its truth and its strength lies in the subsequent
prohibition of the foreign slave trade, as soon as
such power could be exercised by Congress.
Jt is a little curious, however, that, in all the
commendations which wo have heard from cer-
tain quarters upon this ever-memorable, able, and
truly republican paper, the ordinance of 1787,
honorable Senators have not connected with it
what is found in that same clause prohibiting in-
voluntary sei vitude, and afterwards incorporated
into the Constitution of the United States—a clause
providing for the rendition of fugitive slaves. In
the same sixth article of the ordinance the pro-
viso is:
"That any p^i^on escaping into the same from whom
lahoi or sei vice t> lawfully claimed in one of the original
Stales, such tugiiive maybe lawfully lechumed and con-
veyed to the pewjii claiming his or her labor or seivice, as
aforesaid."
If the public mind of America, which has been
thus violently drawn to this truly&reat republican
pnper of 1787, would look at it 111 all its provis-
ions, and alius tendencies, it would show to them
what really constituted at that day what I have
always claimed constitute now the true political
ligations subsisting between a Territory of this
Government and the Government itself, and that
would put an extinguisher forever upon the mis-
use or perverse use of the idea of popular sover-
eignty in Teiritoriea; not by dogma, but by tl\e
proofs to be drawn from that paper. What were
the relations between the Government of the
United States under the Continental Congress, and
this immense domain generously surrendered by
my own fckato for the purpose of cementing a Fed-
eral^ Union, and inviting the fraternity of the peo-
ple? What were its provisions ? Was there any-
thing like sovereignty recognized in the people
who went thete—anything like a right to govern
themselves independent of the Federal Govern-
ment? No; the very opposite. The ordinance
itself declares that the lawgivers of the people who
wentthere should he officers appointed by Federal
authority. The Governor and judges constituted
the legislative tribunal for that Territory. The
legislative power in the Territory is thus disposed
of by the ordinance of 1787:
u The Governor and judges, (appointed by Congiess,) or
a maionry of them, shall adopt and publish in me di-tnct
such laics of the original Stales, enmuiai and civii. as may
be necessary and best suited to the ciiruinstunee« of fl.t dis-
trict, and report them to Congiess from iimf to time, wb-eli
laws shall be in force in the disniet mini the oigamzation
of the General Assembly therein, unless di>nppioved of by
Congress; but afterwaids, the JLesi.-latme shall have au-
thority to alter them as they shall think fit."
With a further provision, that when the pop-
ulation should amount to live thousand they
should have power to elect representatives, &c.,
to a Territorial Legislature.
Such were the relations subsisting between a
Teiritory and the United States in the very first
Territory that was organized undei the old Con-
gress.
I would remark here, incidentally, that I do not
recollect, and have not made the research to as-
certain, whether Mr. Madison was a.member of
the Continental Congress at the time this ordi-
nance passed.
Mr. SIMMONS. He was, sir.
Mr. MASON. So I presumed; and he was a
member of the Federal Convention sitting* in Phil-
adelphia at the sai
the Constitution.
We all know how large a share Mr. Madison
had in perfecting and maturing the leading polit-
ical measures of that day; and there can, then, be
little doubt that he has given the true history and
object of this prohibitory clause in the ordinance
of 1787.
Mr. President, years after the pseudo-compro-
mise,made on the occasion of admitting the State
of iVlissouri, this sixth article of the ordinance of
1737 was exhumed, perverted, and successfully
applied, without warrant of constitutional law, by
the Congress of the United States, under the name
of the " Wilmot proviso," to the Territory of Or-
egon; thusshowingadetermination on thepartof
Congress, whatever result might follow, to carry
out that policy, in prohibiting the expansion of
slavery on the continent. We all know the deep
sensation produced at the South by the adoption
of this proviso: the interdict was denounced as
unconstitutional; and although applied to a Ter-
ritory far north of the Missouri line, it was looked
upon at the South as the manifestation of a fixed
policy to prevent the further extension of a slave
population, which if persevered in could only end
in dissolution.
In 1848, after the peace with Mexico, we ac-
quired a large territory from her, embracing Cal-
ifornia. It became necessary to provide gov-
ernments for the population actually there, not
in California alone, but in New Mexico; and in-
stantly upon the proposition to organize territorial
governments for these people, then living without
a government, this demand of interdiction was afc
once set up in both Houses of Congress. It was
successfully resisted so far as to prevent its being
done, but at the cost of leaving these people whom
we had acquired under the faith of treaty, with-
out a government for a period of some two years.
I want to trace the history frankly, and T hope
truthfully, that we may the better understand the
exact position of the question now presented on
the admission of Kansas. Under the auspices of
a very_iible and successful statesman of that day
from Kentucky, the late Mr. Clay, a new scheme
of adjustment was suggested to the American
people, by a series of what were called compro-
mise measures. I will not go over them here
further than to show the result to have been the
violent admission of an additional non-slavehold-
ing State, with an equivocal postponement of the
question of future prohibition of slavery m the
new Territories.
I was one of those who were opposed to this
new (so styled) compromise. I never knew a com-
promise made between a majority and a minority,
unless on a basis by which the majority succeeds
in establishing a position for further agression
at a future day; and 1 think the historyof all the
compromises on the institution of slavery, so far
as they have progressed, warrants that conclusion-
It was done. California was admitted into the
Union as a free State, not objected to by southern
men because it was a free State, but objected to
because of the machinery that was put in practice
to produce that \ery effect.
^ Governments were organized for the Territo-
ries of New Mexico and Utah as a part of this
system of compromise, and there, as 1 have said,
