28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Avery, Bennett, Bishop, Boyce, Burnett, Caskie, Chap-
man, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of towa, Dim-
raick, Dowdeil, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gar-
tfeil, Giddings, Greenwood, Greg^, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman, Hoard, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kiigore, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Leiter, ,Letc^er  McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Montgomery,
Moore, Isaac N. Morri3, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblack,
Nichols, Peyton, Phelps, Quitman, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin,
Russell, Savage, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Robert Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stevenson, William
Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Wade, Waldron,
Cadwaladcr C. Wasbburne, White, Wmslow, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—94.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the entire
proposition be laid upon the table. The propriety
of this motion will strike every gentleman. The
striking out of the words " without compensa-
tion," will impose upon this House an expense
probably of $10,000 per annum. I am not, for
one, disposed to encourage such extravagance.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to submit one or two
remarks.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
Indiana, and Comins were appointed.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, the
tellers having reported only twenty-five in the
affirmative.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolutions wore
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the preamble
be laid upon the table. It is totally unneces-
sary.
Mr. JONES, ofTcnnessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nnys were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The preamble was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I offer the fol-
lowing lesolutiou in relation to the new members
of the House:
Rcsolrc<l. That all public documents, of winch extra
copies were oideiod to be punted I or d i -tci iiunon, :uu) winch
have not been delivered 10 iho member** then repiesent-
ing the respective districts under resolution 01 the last House
of Representatives, shall now be delivered, by the olticer
having possession of the same, to the Represents lves of the
respective districts in tins House entitled to the same aecoid-
ing to the rates of dirtubutiun established.
Mr. QUITMAN. I suggest to my friend from
Georgia that that resolution needs amendment.
In some oases public documents consist of various
numbers or volumes, and it is possible they would
in some instances bo divided, and that new mem-
bers would receive the latter volumes of a docu-
ment of which the old members had distributed
the earlier volumes. It seems to me that that
ought, if possible, to be avoided.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The old mem-
bers have no franking privilege, and an arrange-
ment is generally made between them and the
new members.
Mr. QUITMAN. Suppose a document con-
sists of several volumes, some of which have
been published and distributed: the resolution of
the gentleman from Georgia, in its present shape,
would provide that the volumes not yet delivered
should go to the new members, thus separating
the parts of the same document from each other.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi propose an amendment?
Mr. QUITMAN. No, sir; I merely throw
out the suggestion. I do not care about the mat-
ter. I am not interested in it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The frank-
ing privilege of the old member being exhausted,
although he may have received, say the first anil
third volumes of Commodore Perry's report, of
which extra numbers were ordered, still, the sec-
ond volume being issued, it will lie over here; it
will not be sent to him; and if he was to receive it,
he could not frank it to those who have received
the other volumes. This is the most convenient
arrangement, and the new members of the House,
I presume, will carry out the views of the old
members in this respect, and distribute whatever
odd volumes there may be here, to those to whom
the other volumes have been distributed. But
they will not be forwarded to the old members,
and even if they were, the old members could
not frank them. This is exactly what was done
at the last Congress.
Mr. FLORENCE. This same difficulty oc-
curred two year&ago. There were instances—and
there probably may be now—in which members
of the last House had died; and what would
have become of the documents that "had been
voted to them unless some such provision as this
had been made? A resolution, I believe, pre-
cisely similar to this, was adopted at the com-
mencement of the last Congress, and it seems to
me to be due to the new members of the House
that they should have the distribution of the doc-
uments that are now down in the document
room.
As has been forcibly said, the old members
have no franking privilege and they cannot dis-
tribute these documents. I regard myself, and I
believe members generally so regard themselves,
as a mere trustee for the proper distribution of
these documents; and those of our constituents
who have incomplete sets of any documents will
in all probability write to their Representatives
and get the odd volumes, and that difficulty
will thus be avoided. It seems to me that, inas-
much as it has been the practice, this resolution
ought in all fairness to be adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not propose to make
any opposition to the adoption of this resolution.
I believe that it is necessary, under the circum-
stances, to have these books distributed. All
that I propose to do is to call attention some-
what to the manner in which books are ordered
to be printed, in order that some of the difficul-
ties under winch members now labor may be
avoided in future. It is notorious that at this
time books ordered four, five, and six years ago,
and which it was supposed at the time would
make one volume, 01- two at the outside, arc being
written at this very hour in the city of Washing-
ton, and are prepared year after year for publi-
cation. I understand, 111 regard to one work or-
dered two or three sessions ago, and of which
three volumes have already been printed, that
there are plates now preserved by the Secretary
of the Interior upon which he is waiting the action
of Congress, and that it is proposed to color or
stain them, and adopt other measures m connec-
tion with the printing of an additional volume of
the work, that will run up the cost of a single vol-
ume to 1^00,000!
That is the way m which this thing of book
printing is going on. We order a book to be
printed, without knowing what it is; and the em-
ployes of the Government go 011 writing it from
year to year, making up a complete book accord-
ing to their own fancy of what it ought to be.
My idea is, that it is the duty of the House, be-
fore they order the printing of any work, to have
the work presented here, that it may be examined
by a committee and its value ascertained; that it
may have the sanction of this body before it is
allowed to go to the Printer; and that the country
may be relieved from the immense expense, now
the subject of complaint, imposed upon it by the
enormous bills for printing.
We hear gentlemen talking all around about
the immense amount of the printing for the last
Congress—that the bill amounts to some two mil-
lion dollars. Well, who is to blame font? It
has grown out of our action. It is not the fault
of the Printer, who was merely employed to ex-
ecute our orders.
I throw out these suggestions now, thus early
in the session, in order that the question may re-
ceive consideration; and that we may, as it is
proposed we should, and as we ought "to do, re-
duce the expenditures of this branch of the public
j service.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. On comparing
the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia with
that adopted at the commencement of the last
Congress, for the distribution of the documents
then in the folding-room, and which had not been
distributed to the members of the Thirty-Third
Congress, I find that it is precisely the same. I
am informed by gentlemen upon my right, that
have they been directed by their predecessors to
distribute the documents to which their districts
are entitled; and vet, because a resolution like
this has not been adopted, the superintendent wlio
has charge of the documents declines to deliver
them to the new members, although they have
been requested to distribute them to their con-
stituents by their predecessors. This resolution
appears to me to be, therefore, necessary, and I
hope it will be agreed to. I call the previous
question
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
vote by which the resolution was adopted be re-
considered; and also moved tnat the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE NEW HALL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the Secretary of
War: War Departmfnt,
Washington", December 9, 1857.
Sir : I have the honor to state that the engmeernow in
charge of the work, has repoited to 111c that the Hail of the
House of Repres-cntativcs, and tile rooms for the offices of
the Cleik of the House, in the extension of the Capitol of
the United States, aie ready for occupation.
In communicating this lnfonnation, I beg leave to say,
that the rooms aforesaid are now at the disposal of the
House.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOHN 8. FLOYD.
Hon. Jamks L. Orr, Speaker House of Representatives.
The communication was referred to the select
committee raised this morning.
MISSION TO CHINA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual statement of fees for judicial services, re-
ceipts and expenditures for 1856, of the United
States Commissioner to China; which was or-
dered to lie upon the table, and be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BISHOP, the
House (at half past two o'clock, p. m.) adjourned
until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 14, 1857.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, of Arkansas, appeared
in his seat to-day.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hili..
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Several messages of an executive character
were received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Private Secre-
tary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the fifth annual report of the Superintendent
of the Public Printing; which was, on motion of
Mr. Johnson, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN. I submit the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Wednesday next, at
one o'clock, proceed to the appointment of the standing
committees.
Mr. WILSON. As it is understood that Sen-
ators are making up the list of committees, I am
requested by my colleague [Mr. Sumner] to state
that, owing to the condition of bis health, he de-
sires that he shall not be placed on any of the
committees of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DEATH OF SENATOR BUTLER.
Mr. F.VANS. Mr. President, when I entered
this Hall, on the first day of this session, and
looked around for the familiar faces of those from
whom I had parted at the close of the last, I was
painfully impressed with the uncertainty of hu-
man life, and the vanity of all human hopes and
expectations.
Little did I imagine, when I parted from my
friend and colleague, that in the short space of
two months he would be numbered with the dead;
