1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
ter, escaped from the ragged inconsistencies of
this nefarious decision oy passing a eulogy on
the old Chief Justice. It was beautiful; it relieved
him from the burden of encountering the enor- j
mous, glaring unconstitutionalities and breaches j
of law summed up there. Why, sir, he went so j
far as to send the old man to Heaven even before
he died. I do not think that decision will help
him on his road. He coolly joins the current of
popular opinion, turns away from the poor man
who had sought the administration of law in his
behalf, and says to him, " you are a negro, and
you cannot sue in court; if you have rights, we
cannot investigate them; you are a mere chattel!"
Sir, if that helps a man to Heaven, God forbid
that I should act upon such principles.
There is another consideration connected with
this decision. I have not time, and I have not
made it a point, to go into all its enormities. There
are only one or two points in it that I wish to bring
before the Senate. So far as I have heard them,
those who yield to the decision of the Supreme
Court seem to suppose that it is obligatory on
everybody, and that the Senate of the United
States, like poor Dred Scott, are barred and thrown
out of court; that the President of the United
States, and the House of Representatives, and
every department of the Government, are ignored,
and no better off than poor Dred Scott. I deny
the doctrine—the most dangerous that could be
'mitted in a free country—that these judges,
holding their office for life, reposing with total im-
munity, have any right to decide the law of the
land foreverydepartmentofthisGovernment. Sir,
you would have the mostconcentrated, irrespons-
ible despotism on God's earth if you give such an
interpretation to the decisions of that or any other
court. No, sir; each department must act for it-
self. I stand here, clothed with the same power,
to proclaim what is the Constitution upon the pas-
sage of any law that co'mes before us, as that or
any other court. I follow my own interpretation
of the Constitution; I am bound to do it; I have
sworn that I would, and I beg of the Senate never
to yield to ihjs arbitrary doctrine that theSupreme
Court carfbind the other departments of the Gov-
ernment; that we must yield to the decisions that
they make. No, sir; never. They may decide
on the poor man's rights, who is so unfortunate j
as to fall within their grasp. They have decided j
that Dred Scott could not sue in the court. Right i
or wrong, constitutional orunconstitutional, that
stands. It is the highest court; it has decided in
the last resort. Dred Scott's rights have been de-
termined, and determined forever; but no other
department of (he Government, no other right,
was touched. Talk about their deciding that sla-
very exists in Kansas as much as m South Car-
olina Talk about the highest tribunal in the land
deciding that slavery is in your Territories; that
every inch of ground outside of the free States is
slave territory ! I pity the weakness of the man
who yields to any such idea as that. That court
has no such transcendent power. It could bind
nobody but the suitors in the court. It would be
unfortunate if it could.
I know with what avidity your facile President
seized upon the idea, and stultified himself by
saying that it was a mystery to him that any man
should ever doubt it. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chandler] yesterday disposed of him
in that particular. He disposed of him forever,
and showed a hypocrisy, I am compelled to say,
disgraceful to a man even in a private station.
He who had deliberately put forth the doctrines
of the Missouri compromise; he who had sought,
over and over again, in the ripeness of his judg-
ment, after full deliberation, to procure its ex-
tension and recognition by Congress, now turns
coldly around and tells us it is a mystery that
any man should ever have doubted it! Well, sir,
if Mr. Buchanan is a mystery to himself, he is
no mystery to me.
There is one other consideration that I wish to
brin°" before the Senate. Why is it and how is
it that the southern States, with one third, or less
than one third, of the free population of this na-
tion, have been enabled for sixty years to rule
the destinies of the country? It has been done,
in the first place, (and that is one reason why I
contest every inch of ground,) because in a close^
oligarchy you have a power that a demociacy ot
the" same numbers can never have politically.
The power of the Government to be in in-
verse ratio to the number of people that partici-
pate in the Government. And this is obvious
enough. You have a class of not more than three
hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders in the
United States, "they have governed this Union
(so says the Senator from South Carolina, and j
he says truly) for«ixty long years; not the peo-
ple of the South, mind you; he says the slave-
holders have ruled the nation. That is true. First
of all, they placed their feet on the necks of all those
who do not hold slaves. The poor men of the
South he utterly ignores as having any poliiical
power, and I suppose they have none. They
have votes, no doubt; but those votes are given
in accordance with the will of this aristocracy,
who are all-powerful; for it has been observed,
And truly observed, that he who has the power j
over the subsistence of another has the power
over his will. You, the wealthy slaveholders of
the South, wield absolute dominion over your
poorer white neighbors; therefore it was that the
Senator from South Carolina said the slavehold-
ers have ruled the nation. You three hundred
and fifty thousand slaveholders have ruled your
six million whites, (I go according to the census
of 1850;) you have not only ruled your six mil-
lion, but you have also ruled the fourteen million
free people of the North.
How have you done it? You have done it be-
cause you had a general bond of interest uniting
you, tying you together as if animated by one soul.
What was the interest to me was the interest of
another. You are forced all on the same plat-
form, all acting to one end. You found the De-
mocracy of the North divided in various pursuits,
laboring in their various avocations, with very
little time to study this problem of -politics; and
you have always been able to seduce enough of
us over to you to enable you to carry your gov-
ernment along. I know that gentlemen smile at
this; but I am compelled by truth to state facts here
that I wish I could hide from the world. It is a
rottenness at the North that you do not have. It
is disreputable to us, but I am compelled to admit
it. Your allies, the doughfaces of the North, in
my judgment, are the most despicable of men.
The modern doughface is not a character peculiar
to the age in which we live, but you find traces
of him at every period of the world's history. He
is void of pride; he is void of self-respect; he is
actuated by a mean, groveling selfishness that
would sell his Maker for a price. Why, sir, when
old Moses, under the immediate inspiration of j
God Almighty, enticed a whole nation of slaves, j
and ran away, not to Canada, but to old Canaan, j
I suppose that Pharoah and all the chivalry of old j
Egypt denounced him as a most furious Abolition- i
ist. [Laughter.] I do not know but that they bias-j
phemed their God, who had assisted the fugitives
from labor to escape. I have no doubt at all that
when some southern gentlemen of the gospel come
up to preach to the North, they will say that the
Almighty acted a very fanatical part in this busi-
ness. I am afraid they will say so; for lie was
aiding and abetting in the escape. But amidst the
glories of that great deliverance, even feeding upon
miracles of the Almighty as they went along, there
were not wanting those who loved Egypt better
than they loved liberty; whose souls longed for
the flesh-pots of Egypt; and who could turn from
the visible glories of the Almighty God to wor-
ship an Egyptian calf. These were the dough-
faces of that day. They were national men.
[Laughter.] They were not exactly northern
men with southern principles: but they were Is-
raelites with Egyptian principles. [Laughter.]
Again, when the Savior of the world went forth
on his great mission to proclaim glad tidings of
joy to all the people of the earth, to break every
yoke, and to preach deliverance to the captive,
He met with the same class of men in the persons
of Judas Iscariot and the chief priests. In the
days of our own Revolution, when Washington
and his noble associates were carrying on that
struggle to establish justice, and to secure the
blessings of liberty to themselves and their pos-
terity, they met with the same class of men in the
admirers of George III. and Lord North.
They are all of the same class—false to the edu-
cation of their fathers—false to the great princi-
ples which have been instilled into them by their
mothers from their birth—willing to do anything
that will minister to the cupidity of their masters,
let the be v/hat ihey may. It is tins
class of men, aided by a close aristocracy at the
South, that has enabled the minority to rule with
iron hand the majority since the organization of
this Government. I have endeavored to daguer-
reotype these men for the benefit of future ages;
for I believe that, like the Indian tribes, they are
disappearing. You have put them to very hard
service, sir. They die faster than the northern
negroes in your rice-swamps—politically, I mean.
You put them to service that they cannot stand.
When you ask them to vote for a fugitive hill,
they may^jo it once, but political death stares
them in the face. When you ask them to go with
you for the repeal of the Missouri restriction, you
find the same state of things. And now, worst
of all, when you ask them to fasten upon their
fellow-men, in a Territory of the United States,
a constitution which that people abhor, I tell you
every northern representative who participates in
this act, is not only politically dead, but he may
thank his God if he escapes with that.
I find, sir, that I am detaining the Senate longer
than I wished; and yet, if I am to go over the argu-
ment of the subject immediately under considera-
tion, I shall have to detain them some time longer.
["Go on!"] I shall be as brief as possible on this
part of the case. I desire first to noiice some things
in the argument of the able and eloquent gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who addressed
us on the day before yesterday. _ He endeavored
to show that slavery was recognized by the com-
mon law of this country; and he even went to the
continent of Europe, and entertained us with a
very interesting discourse as to the old system of
feudal slavery existing there under the title of vil-
lenage in its various forms. It is a little humiliat-
ing to us Anglo-Saxons, who claim that our race
never has been, and never can be, enslaved, to
show us that our ancestors, many generations ago,
were the most abject of slaves. That, however,
is the truth; but 1 did not wish to parade it before
the Senate, for I had sufficient pride to endeavor
to make the world believe that we were above
these weaknesses, and that our ancestors always
had been. In return, I have briefly alluded to the
fact that his ancestors also were slaves; but they
were very honorably discharged.
In the course of the Senator's argument, his
astute and gifted mind entered upon a subject that
he could not get along With very well. He en-
deavored to show that there was a distinction
between the right of a slaveholder to his slave and
the remedy he might have; and hence he claimed
that when a slave went into a free country, the
master did not lose his right over him, but lost the
remedy. He said that "in a free country where
there was no law for the-protection of the rights of
the master, he did not lose his right to the slave,
but lost his remedy—lost his power to control the
slave. He likened it to the case of a man who had
a patent right, or a poet who had a property in the
productions of his own inspiration. I will read
the Senator's language to show how the most
gifted man, when he is not on his guard, may
admit away his own case. He said:
■ ■ There lives now a man in England, who, from timeto
time, simrsto tiie enchanted ear of the civilized world strains
ot such iriciody that the chai ined senses seem to abandon the
grower regions of earth, and 10 rise to purer and serener
regions above. God has created that man a poet. Hjs ia-
«pitation is hi*; Ins songs are his by right Divine ; they arR
his property, so recognized by human law > yet here in these
United States men steal Tennyson's works, and tdl his
property for their profit; and this because, in spite of the
violated conscience of the nation, we refuse to give him pro-
tection for his property."
Again, following out the same idea, he said:
" Does not every man see at once that the right of the in-
ventor to his discovery, that tlie right of tlie poet to his in-
spiiaiion. depends upon those principles of eternal justice
which God has implanted in the heart of man, and that
wherever he cannot exercise them, it is because man, faith-
less to the trust that he has received ftom God, denies tliem
the protection to which they are entitled
That is a very sound doctrine, iri my judgment
—it is an appeal to that higher law which has
been so much traduced. The poet has a divine
right to the inspiration of his genius and the pro-
ducts of his mind; the inventor of a machine has
a God-given right to the use of his discovery.
Docs not the^ionorable Senator see that if these
'! rights are from God, above human law, no con-
1 stitution and no law of man can take them away.
And how much more has a man aright to his
own body and to his own soul, than he can be
said to have to his.own productions. How couid
the ctnan M to see that if the poet ana the
