1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
and was sent on to Eastport in a schooner, with
some other invalids who were notable to proceed
by land. lie was there taken prisoner, and ie-
leased on his parole, and returned to his native
town in Massachusetts, sick \yith a fever. His
physician's bills while there were paid by the
Government. Since that time he has had fever
and rheumatism, and been compelled to give up
labor at his trade. For the last two years he has
been wholly unable to work, in consequence of
frequent attacks of those complaints. It is the
opinion of the physicians and surgeons whom he
has consulted, and whose affidavits to that effect
are on file, that those diseases were fastened 011 !
his constitution by that severe march from Bos- i
ton to Eastport. He is old, infirm, and unable to ;
work, and now, after such protracted suffering j
for services rendeied his country, the committee 1
are of opinion that he should be placed on the pen- j
sion list. _ |
The bill was laid aside" to be reported to the |
House, with a recommendation that it do pass, j
LEONARD LOOMIS. j
A bill (H. It. No. 261) for the relief of Leonard ;
Loomis. ;
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
raise the pension of Leonard Loomis from six to
eightdollars per month, and to pay him such in-
creased pension from the 9th of August, 1857.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that the petitioner was disabled in the war of 1812,
by a disease called saotal hernia, while m the line
of his duty, hauling heavy timber up a steep bank,
at Fort Oswego, and was discharged undera cer-
tificate of disabiiity in the spring of 1812; that by j
an act of Congress, approved June, 1838, he was ,
placed on the pension hst, 011 account of such dis- j
ability, at the rate of six dollars per month; that :
since then hisdisease has continued with increased
pain and debility, and that he is now old, poor, .
and unable to labor. He asks that his pension
be raised to eight dollars per month. The com- ;
mittce consider it just that his prayer should be I
granted j
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the 1
House, with a recommendation that it do pass. 1
HECTOR ST. JOHN BEATLY. :
A bill (H. R. No. 262) for the relief of Hector
St. John Beatly. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,of ;
Tennessee.] I
HENRIETTA S. CLARK. ]
A bill (H. R. 1X0. 263) for the relief of Hen- j
rictta S. Clark. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.] j
THOMAS ALLCOCK. j
A hill (H. R. No. 264) granting a pension to '
Thomas Alieock, of Rocnester, New 1 ork.
The bill directs the Secretary of the interior to
place the name of Thomas Allcock, of Rochester,
New "V ork, upon the invalid pension roll,at a rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
1st of July, 1852, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
It appears from the report, that the memorialist
was a private in company F, third artillei y, in the
Army of the United States, and was stationed at
Fort Pierce, on Indian river, in East Florida, du-
ring the Florida war: that on or about the 6th day
of July, 1839, the said Allcock, whilst discharg-
ing the duty of a sentry, wns stiuck by the sun
to the ground, and was totally blind tor the space
of six days; that since that tuno ho has been, time ;
and again, laid up, by reason of the disease of j
his eyes; and that now he is using aitilicial pu- j
pils, one of which enables him to see objects at a J
short distance, and the other is entirely useless >
For this permanent injury to his eyes, r< ndenng :
them perfectly useless for the remainder of his
life, received m the service of his country, the |
committee think he is justly entitled, m some de-
gree, to the consideration of his Government..!
The committee, therefore, looking at the com-
pleteness of his proof, fully establishing the fact j
of his service and the extent of his injuries, have 1
concluded to recommend that a pension be allowed ;
to the petitioner, dating backfiom the 1st of July, j
1852, the peiiod of the first application of the pe- ;
tiuoner for a pension.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY TV. THOMPSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Mary
W. Thompson. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.]
WILLIAM YORK.
A bill (H R. No. 266) for the relief of the heirs
of William York. [Objected to by Mr. J ones, of i
Tennessee.] j
TIMOTHY L. O'KEEFEE. j
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief* of Timothy
| L. O'lveefee, of Missouri. [Objected to by Mr.
Smith, of Virginia.]
WILLIAM CRAMPTON. j
! A bill (H. R. No. 268) extending the patent I
granted to William Crampton, for an improve- |
ment in figure and fancy power-looms, for seven
, years fiom the 25th day of November, 1858. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Phillips.]
j DAVID BRUCE.
! A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of David
Bruce. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
, see.]
, BENJAMIN L. M}ATEE AND J. N. EASTHAM.
1 A bill (C. C. H. R. No. 65) for the relief of
Benjamin L. MeAtee and J. N. Eastham, of
1 Louisville, Kentucky.
! The biii directs the Secretary of the Treasury
i to pay to Benjamin L- MeAtee and J. N. East-
: ham, §6,000 m full for transporting extra mail
1 matter over routes No. 3960 and No. 4169, bc-
1 tween July 1, 1846, and June 30, JS50. I
: The reportshows that the claim of the petition- j
' ers has been before Congress at different times >
: before the organization of the Court of Claims.
1 Two different reports were made by the House j
, Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads in !
favor of allowing claimants $21,000. The Court 1
1 of Claims, upon a review of all the evidence in ;
' the case, have decided that the claimants are en- j
; titled to receive from the Government, for services i
rendered, the sum of $6,000. j
Mr. NIBLACK moved to amend the bill by
substituting "Isaac N. Kastham'' for "J. N. ■
Eastham." j
■ The amendment was agreed to. ;
i The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass. !
SREYET MAJOR H- L. ICENDRICK. i
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Brevet ;
Maior H. L. Kendnck. ;
The bill directs the proper accounting officers j
of the Treasury to credit and allow Brevet Major j
II. L. Kendnck, of the second artillery, $1,294 66 !
m the settlement of his account for the sales made I
by him, by order of General Worth, of certain j
ordnance property belonging to the United Srafps ;
at Puebla, in Pvlexico, in June, 1848; that sum !
being so much of the proceeds of said sale as j
were stolen from him at Jalapa, while transport- \
ing the same to Vera Cruz. j
It appears from the report that the petitioner's |
prayer for relief is based upon the following facts: t
In the month of June, 1848, on the eve of the j
evacuation of Puebla, Mexico, by the American |
forces, Major Kendrick was dircctcd to sell the :
ordnance and ordnance stores in depot m that j
city, and was charged with the care and trans- j
portation of the proceeds to "Vera Cruz. "While ;
encamped near Jalapa, on the 7th day of July, ,
184S, notwithstanding every precaution was taken :
by guards and other means to avoid loss, one of '
the- specie wagons was robbed of the sum of,
$1,294 66. Every effort was made to arrest the '
robber and recover the money, but without sue-,
cess.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass, j
HARRIS AND MORGAN. ^
! Joint resolution (H. R. No. 9) authorizing the
■ Postmaster General to revise and adjust the ac-
counts of Harris & Morgan, on principles of jus-
1 tice and equity. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
1 Tennessee.]
: JOHN F. CANNON.
! A bill (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of John F.
1 Cannon.
' The bill authorizes and directs the Postmaster
i General to pay to John F. Cannon at the lace of
! $120 per annum, for and during the time he carried
j said mail, according to his contract, m addition to
the amount already paid to him, for additional ex-
pense incurred, and extra service performed by
him, on mail-route No. 2627.
It appears from the papers filed in this case, that
the petitioner, at the letting of the mail contracts
in 1851, put in a bid for route No. 2627, setting
forth in his proposal to the Post Office Department
that he would carry the mail on said route from
Campbell Court-house to Halifax Court-house,
fortheannual sumof§380. It ismanifest,notonly
from the written pioposal of the petitioner, but
also from his affidavit, that he did not mean to con-
tract beyond the route indicated in his bid, and
that in not having in express terms excluded the
residue of the route embraced in route No. 2627,
he acted wholly in ignorance of the usages of the
Post Office Department. Notwithstanding these
facts, the Postmaster General insisted that, accord-
ing to the usages of the Department, the petitioner
was bound to carry the mail a further distance of
thirty-eight miles, from Campbell Court-house to
Chalk Levels, but intimated that he would have
relief m the premises. The petitioner accordingly
did, during the continuance of his contract, carry
out the views of the Department, and performed
a service of thirty-eight miles of road over and
beyond the true intention of his proposal. It ap-
pears from an accompanying letter of the Post-
master General, that he fixes the compensation
properly due by the Government to the petitioner,
at $120 a year, that, with the sum already paid,
being the amount of the next lowest bid on the
route.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
j. W. NYE.
A bill (H. R. No. 275) for the payment of the
claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr.,
and Hugh Stewart. [Objected to by Mr. Letch-
LR.J
MARGETT VAN BUSKIRK,
A bill (H. R. No. 276) for the relief of Margett
Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van Buskirk, de-
ceased, late of Bergen county, New Jersey. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.]
GENERAL SYLVESTER CHURCHILL.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the relief of
General Sylvester Churchill.
The bill directs the proper disbursing officer to
allow and pay to General Sylvester Churchill, in-
spector general, the pay and allowances of in-
spector general, from April 29, 1845, the date of
his discharge, to January 21, 1846, when he was
reinstatedm his office, according to therates of pay
then allowed, deducting from said pay and allow-
ance any amounts which may have been paid to
Churchill for services performed between the time
of his discharge and restoration to office.
It appears from the report that the memorialist,
then a major of artillery in the Army, was, on
the loth of September, 1841, appointed one of the
inspectors general of the Army, to take rank from
the 15th of June of that year; that, from consid-
erations of public policy alone, he abandoned his
permanent position in the line of the Army, and
accepted the staff appointment tendered to him.
On the 23d of August, 1842, an act of Congress
passed reducing the number of inspectors general
of the Army from two to one; but the President
of the United States, for reasons presented by him
to Congress, deemed it necessary to continue both
in office. Subsequently, these reasons ceasing to
exist, President Polk deemed it his duty to dis-
pense with the services of one of the inspectors
general; and, on the 29th of April, 1845, the me-
morialist, being the junior, was honorably dis-
charged from the service. The wants of the ser-
vice, however, and the apparent injustice done to
a meutonous officer, induced Congress, at the
next session after the discharge of General Church-
ill, to wit, on the 12th of January, 1846, to repeal
the act of 1842, by which the inspectors general
were reduced, and to revive and continue in force
the fanner organization allowing two inspectors
general. Immediately after this repeal, on the
21st of the same, month, the memorialist was again
commissioned, and restored to his original rank
! and position; and in his new appointment the date
| of his former commission was inserted. It ap-
! peats, further, that, during tlu* mtrrval which
| occurred between his discharge on the 93th of
I April, 1S45, and the 21st of January, 1646, when
