1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
inventor had this divine right, the slaveholder
could not claim the right of ownership over an-
other man ? Would not that man have the same
God-given right that he claims for the poet and
the discoverer? Most assuredly he would. This
admission stultified his whole case. He admits,
then, that slavery would be impossible. It is not
a matter of right. No, sir; he might as well ad-
mit at the outset that slavery is not a matter of
right. It isa matter of positive law. It is a mat-
ter of forec. It is a matter of fraud. It is not a
matter of right; and the moment the slave gets
beyond the power to enforce the mandate, he is
as free as his master. Has God Almighty put
any mark on him by which you can say when
he get-i into a foreign jurisdiction, which is the
slave and which the master? The slave might
as well claim a right to the master, as the master
to the slave, the moment he passes beyond the
jurisdiction.
Now, Mr. President, with regard to the Kan-
sas question, I shall treat it very briefly, for I
have detained the Senate so long that it would not
be pardonable in me to detain them much longer;
nor have I strength to continue the argument. I
contended here,four years ago, that the abrogation
of the Missouri restriction would be attended by
the same train of circumstances that has taken
place. I contended then that you were opening
this Territory to strife and to contention; that
you were putting it up to a vendue, to make it a
theater where tile most selfish and outrageous
passions would contend for the mastery; that you
were begetting a state of civil war. You claimed
that it was going to be all peace; that it was done
for the purpose of withdrawing this terrible con-
troversy from the Halls of Congress to your Ter-
ritories. Do you gain anything by it? Agitation
begins in your Territories. Is it not sure to find
its way into these Halls?
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] the
other day, in the eloquent speech which lie de-
livered here, proclaimed that he who made an
assertion to the detriment of a man that he could
not prove, stood forth as a calumniator. I in-
dorse the doctrine—that is so; and I stand here
with the proof to show that the Territory of Kan-
sas has been governed by a system of fraud,
force, and oppression from the time the law was
passed even until now. I assert it without fear
of contradiction, and I stand here charged as a
calumniator unless I prove it.
It does not come, however, well from the other
side of the Senate to deny these things. It comes
with very bad grace from them. The House of
Representatives sent into that Territory a com-
mission of the most honorable men, not on one
side of politics, but on both, there to investigate
the charges that were m'ade against the first Le-
gislature who, it was claimed, had usurped them-
selves into their positions by force, by fraud, by
an invasion unparalleled ill the history of the
world—plain, palpable, known, premeditated, in
open day. The commission went there. I have
its report before me. I have read more than
ninety of the depositions that were taken of men
who are not impeached, men who were partisans,
many of them, against the side of the question
which I advocate. Here are their depositions.
Perhaps I had better read some of them. Tliey
go to show you that even before this law was
passed, there were organized upon the borders of
Missouri divers lodges, under different names,
for the sole and only purpose of carrying slavery
into that Territory at all hazards. That was the
object of their organization. They had all the
paraphernalia of a secret society. They had their
grips, their pass-words, their modes of recogni-
tion of one another; and before the day of election
they went over there, embodied in military array,
in vast numbers, with their colors flying and their
drums beating, with guns, cannon, pistols, and
bowie knives. They disseminated themselves
through all the Territory, took possession of all
the polls but one, and frequently removed the
judges, giving them a certain time to deliver the
poll-books—a few minutes—holding watch m
hand, and pointing pistols at the heirifs of the elec-
tion judges. They drove them off with force and
fraud. This is undeniable. The volume before
me proves it. It will go down to the latest pos-
terity that these nefarious acts are proved. They
are part of the records of your legislation. They
never shall be gai.iR.iyed.
I know the Senator from South Carolina, and
i a good many other Senators, have been willing
I to divide the odium of this transaction with us.
| He thought there were disgraceful frauds on both
sides—" disgraceful," said he, " to the country,"
' and he has not sought to investigate them. He
! says it is a disagreeable subje«t, and he has no
I doubt both sides are guilty. Sir, it was not on
both sides. It was only on one side. You took
possession of those polls. You elected your own
men, members of a foreign State, who came in
there to control the destinies of this Territory,
which it was especially said should be ruled as its
own citizens pleased.
I do not want to detain the Senate by reading
the pages which I have turned down in this doc-
ument, unless some gentleman wishes to hear
them. They are long, but they are all pertinent.
All go to show the facts I have stated, and there
is nobody to deny or contradict them. Now, you
say we do not prove them. Did not we ask you
for a commission to examine them during the last
Congress? We made charges; we said they were
true; we had letters and commu nidations im ploi ing
us to investigate the state of things that was pre-
vailing there; butas often as we asked you to give
us a commission you refused it. Standing on that
refusal, you turn around and deny the weight of
the authorities we produce. Sir, that will not go
down. Now, at a later day, when your candle-
box frauds, your forgeries most disgraceful, are
coming to light—when they are known of all men—
we ask you for a commission to investigate this
matter; and as often as we ask it you turn around
coolly and vote us down, and then deny that there
is any such thing! Sir, the country will take cog-
nizance of that.
The fraud by which the election of March 30,
1855, was carried, is established. I know you
undertake to estop us by saying that Governor
Reedergave certificates to a majority of the mem-
bers. So he did; but that did not cure the usurp-
ation. I think the Governor allowed but four days
to receive protests contesting the seats of the mem-
bers elect. The people, scattered as they were,
could not prepare their memorials to the Governor
and get them there in time. In every instance
where it was done, the election was set aside for
most palpable frauds; but the setting them aside
availed nothing. There were your blue lodges,
your usurpers, in power. They were taking their
seats by a usurpation; they were not to be turned
aside by anything like this. New elections were
ordered in several of the districts, and in every
instance the free-State men were returned; but, on
the very first day of the meeting of the Legisla-
ture, without investigation, without referring to
a committee, they just turned every free-State
man right out of the Legislature. What good
would it do to give certificates ? But is a man to
be estopped on a gross usurpation like this? Is
an American citizen to be cheated out of his rights
under forms of law ? I ask any honorable gen-
tleman on the other side, would you submit to it?
No, sir, you would not. Would you submit to
be governed by a gang of usurpers who, without
right and in defiance of right, had taken posses-
sion of your ballot-boxes, defeated yourelection,
turned your countrymen out, and foreigners
usurped yourplaees ? Would technicalities avail ?
No, sir; I have too high an opinion of you to be-
lieve that.
It would be idle, mere miserable pettifogging,
to come 111 and say, oh, you have certificates from
the Governor and that cures everything, and we
cannot be admitted to prove that it was a usurpa-
tion. Sir, there was not a man who received his
certificate as having been elected on that day, who
had any more title to a seat in the Legislature than
he had to the kingdom of heaven; and can a cer-
tificate give a man the right to rule in this coun-
try? Sir, American liberty rests on no fragile
! basis like that; and shame to the man who will say
| that he would succumb to a fraud like this.
| Such was the original usurpation. It was the
! result of fraud. It was worse than void. It was
a result brought about by the commission of the
highest crimes against American liberty that man
can be guilty of. It was a Legislature elected in
this manner, that took the initiatory steps towards
the convention which framed this constitution. I
say a body elected in such a manner could do no
! legal acts. They got together, however, and in
! hot haste passed all the laws of Missouri in a
body, as the Senator from Michigan stated yes-
terday. They did not alter their titles, but they
took a short road, by.saying we will take the
whole code, and wherever it says State it shall be
construed to mean "Territory." I have looked
! through that code somewhat,and there I find the
provisions for patrols to keep the slaves in order
at night, as tliey have in Missouri. Those laws
were transferred into the Territory of Kansas
before there was, perhaps, a single slave there.
Laws were passed ordering the people to patrol
the districts to see that the slaves kept in order.
The fact is, that they swallowed the Missouri
statute-book whole, and did not know what was
in it, and to them it made no difference what was
in it. They went further, and passed laws which
would have been disgraceful to any king or coun-
try, from Nero to Nicholas. You can find no
such laws on any statute book. They were un-
constitutional; and even General Cass, on this
floor, was compelled to say that they were infa-
mous and disgraceful to the age; but yet the Sen-
ate of the United States would not repeal them.
The Senator from Louisiana did not touch on
this subject. H passed it by as easily and as
lightly as he could. He dwelt on the beauties of
old Judge Taney more than he did on the frauds
and violence in Kansas. He talked about the
Toombs bill, and said we would not vote for it.
He said the people of the Territory sent here pe-
titions and wanted Congress to accept the Topeka
constitution, but the majority in this body would
not do that, but were willing to pass an enabling
act. There is a little curious history mixed up
with that act which has come out at this session.
It is all of a piece with the candle-box frauds, and
shows that that was intended as a snap-judg-
ment. The Toombs bill was plausible upon its
face, and really the great objection to it at the
time was the state of the Territory. It was then
in the hands of the border-ruffians, the usurpers,
and it was impossible to get officers there who
would act with any fairness, or give any certainty
that anything like justice would be done. That
was our real objection to it, for I was.i  my heart
so convinced that the principle was universally
acknowledged that a constitution formed by a
convention ought to be submitted to the people,
that I did not know but it was contained in that
bill; I was off my guard. I could not believe any
American citizen would endeavor to rob a people
of this God-given right of forming their own in-
stitutions, especially as you had said that the
people of Kansas above all others should be per-
fectly free to make their own institutions in their
own way.
How was that? I have learned during the ses-
sion, by what has come out at side-bar here, that
this was a matter of deliberation at that day, that
the Committee on Territories, as I have under-
stood the statement, were summoned to the house
of their chief, there to sit in judgment on this very
clause, whether the people should or should not
have this right; and I understand that there such
a clause in the first bill was stricken out, and
it was passed by this body without any such
clause.
Mr. HALE. For "peculiar reasons."
I Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, for peculiar reasons.
I It was a matter of premeditation. It did not hap-
! pen by accident. You did not intend at that period
or at any other, that the people should have the
right to sit in judgment on the constitution by
which they were to be governed. I do not know
that I understand this matter aright, but I state
my impressions in regard to it just as I have un-
! derstood it as it came out here.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
j interrupt him at this point. I think there has
j been sufficient importance given to that statement
to have it corrected; and I deem it my duty, hav-
ing, I think, as much knowledge of that matter aa
anybody else, to say that at no time during the
discussions upon that bill, by those who framed
it and perfected it, was that subject consulted
! about at all. Although I voted for that bill, the
i fact of whether it contained such a provision or
not, never came under my notice, and I took it for
! granted, as the Senator fiom Ohio says he did,
thatany constitution which mightbeformed under
it, would be submitted to the people. I only say
' that in the preparation of the bill, and the consul-
tations that were talked about by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, (1 believe I was present at every
