APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
tweon the judges of that court and an incoming
President, I could see no other conclusion in his
mind than that which mine attained, that the prac-
tical mode of getting rid of corrupt men was to
put them out of the way by some mode. I shall
of course not undertake to criticise now, any new
scheme of organization which the honorable Sen-
ator may have in view, more especially as he tells
us that it is not as yet matured in his own judg-
ment; but I think he has foreshadowed enough to
show that the leading idea in his mind is, by some
mode of sectional organization, to make that a
political court which shall represent on the bench
not the political views of the day alone, but the
popular emotions of the day; which shall repre-
sent on the bench political parties;and more than
all, judges who shall be placed in some condition
to be subservient to the fluctuations of political
parties. I cannot conccive how a court can be or-
ganized in such manner as to attain the ends which
the Senator avows, unless it is organized in such
a way as to make it the mere conduit of the party
passions of the day—to popularize the court of
last resort; but I have no right to criticise this
new organization which the honorable Senator
suggests, because he has not yet matured it in his
own mind, as he tells us.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
indulge me in one word more. Perhaps I ought
to have added that f do expect that the court will
be brought in its principles and its practices to
conformity with the Constitution of the United
States anu the sentiments and principles of hu-
manity and justice, as I stated in the speech on
which the Senator is remarking.
Mr. MASON. As the Senator understands
them.
Mr. SEWARD. As I understand them.
Mr. MASON. And his paity.
Mr. SEWARD. No; as I understand them.
Mr. MASON. Now, Mr. President, let us
come back to (he Kansas question. A law was
passed creating teriifoiial governments in Kan-
sas and Nebraska, according to their appropriate
boundaries. The question of slavery was left open
to be decided by the people to be affected by if,
as I have said, m consequence, not of the spirit
only, but the letter of the laws of 1850. What
was the next .step ? Hardly was the ink dry by
which the bill became a law, when there was ful-
minated from the halls of legislation hero a man-
ifesto to all the Abolition societies of the Noith,
telling them that the Territory was thrown open
to population, and inviting and encouraging them,
tinder evet y stimulanUhatcould arouse their pas-
sions or excite then* hopes, to throw their people
into it with the utmost rapidity. I do not claim
to be wiser than others, but yet to have some little
knowledge of humanity and of my fellow-men;
and 1 say thai the stale of things that has existed
in Kan .-as ever since; events which Senators de-
light in depict ing as the efforts of great and noble-
nnnded freemen to vindicate their nghjts; scenes
of blood, rapine, and murder, disgraceful to the
age, offiaud and violence in every form of licensed
deptavity, were but the legitimate consequences
of throwing (by artificial means altogether) a
population utterly irresponsible into a common
Temiury, under instructions, if not under con-
tract, to carry out the political views of those who
.sent them. The emigrant aid societies formed a
new feature in the laws governing emigiatiou in
our count i y— societies that were got up with large
capita] for the pmpose of throwing a population
into the Territory of Kansas at once which should
preoccupy it, in order that politicians might effect
what the laws had prohibited, in preventing the
expansion of slavery. I do not mean to say that
we had any (aw, or could pass any law, prohib-
iting H, but 1 do mean to say, before the Ameri-
can people and buoie posterity, that those who
were instrumental m getting up such societies and
jn carrying through thoir objects, are responsible
for the bloodshed, and rapine, and muider, and
the utter destitution of every moral principle,
which have disgraced that Territory ever since.
Slaveholders fiom the adjacentand contiguous
States, and from a distance, went there, as they
IkhI a light to do, with their slaves, and mingled
with this population. The Territory became at
once a scene of contention and stiitc, because they
found u preoccupied by men who had been sent
there under contract for the very purpose of ex-
cluding them, Civil war almost ensued—civil
strife certainly did. ft was necessary to bring in
the strong arm of Federal power through its mili-
tary force, in order to repress it. Soldiers were
quartered there for more than two years to keep
peace amongst the people, and make them obe-
dient to the laws. What then did we find on the
part of the emigrant aid societies in the New Eng-
land States? Pen and pulpit were employed alike
to fan the flame and to supply the munitions for
civil war in the Territory of Kansas; sermons
were preached; the popular mind was stirred up
from its foundations to induce them to contribute
money and fire-arms to be used in Kansas against
their fellow-countrymen. If that is the sort of
government which these peace and order-loving
people prefer, be it so. Our duty only is to see
that the laws are enforced; that the laws are
obeyed; that the institutions of the country are
preserved unimpaired, and not made the sport
eitherof reckless fanaticism, or the calmer calcula-
tions ofreclricssaspirants. I think the President
at the head of the last Administration, as well as
the present, have done no more than their duty
in seeing that the laws were duly enforced by the
full use of the military power.
What next? Kansas in due time, through its
regularly organized government, passed a law to
take the sense of the people whether they desired
to remain in a territorial condition, or to become
a State. The polls were then thrown open; the
vote was cast; and it was found that there was a
very large majority in favor of organizinga State
government. This law was fairly devised to
take the sense of the people, to register the votes
so as to preclude fraud, and for electing delegates
to a convention to frame a constitution. They
were elected, and they formed a constitution. Im-
mediately upon the adjournment of that conven-
tion, it became manifest that nothing was to be
left undone or unattempted to defeat its work. It
was said that frauds were committed at the polls,
and gentlemen here have been insisting that we
should send out commissions to Kansas, or bring
people from Kansas here, to inquire into them. 1
think it very probable that frauds were commit-
ted at the polls. Jt would be very remarkable, m
such a population as they seem to have there, if
frauds wero not committed; but I should like to
know what popularelection has been held in many
of the States of this Union—I will not designate
them further—under great popular excitement,
where frauds have not been charged upon both
parties, precisely as they are charged in Kansas?
In a neighboring State, within less than fifty miles
from this Capitol, such allegations wero made at
the last elections; and questions are now depend-
ing before the coordinate branch of Congress to
determine, not only whether frauds were perpe-
trated at the polls, but whether the people were
not kept from the polls by armed resistance—a
matter coming properly before that House as
affecting the election of its members. Do we not
know that some years ago, in New York, they
got up a sort of popular term, understood almost
as a technical term, called" pipe-laying?'' Parties
charged each other at every election that took
place with fraud, by means of what they called
44 pipe-laying"—the very offense now ascribed to
the people of Kansas, it was said that men were
carried from Philadelphia to the city of New
York, or the villages on the Hudson, under the
pretext of coire^pondence to get leaden pipe, or
something of that sort; strangers were brought
there who were to control the vote of the citizens
of the State. I know not whether it was true or
false; but I do know that a vote has not been
taken in many of the States in times of popular
excitement, that the successful party were not
charged with having carried the election by fraud
or violence.
But, sir, be such charges true or not, is a matter
that belongs to Kansas to determine. It does not
belong to us. They are competent to determine
it; we are not. Nor should we give any heed or
countenance to such charges, unless shown to be
true by the constituted authorities of Kansas.
We can know the people of Kansas only as we
can know any other people on this continent,
through an organized government. Sir, it is the
great boast of the institutions of this country, that
the people are subordinate to law; that political
power can be exercised only through the forms
of law and *6f organized communities. Mobs, be
they large or small, who attempt to exorcise po-
litical power, ought to be and are repressed by the
strong arm of law. We can only know what the
wisn of the people is, when it is expressed in con-
formity to law; to look elsewhere for it, is to
lapse at once to anarchy.
Another of the incidental or auxiliary objections
put out, like skirmishers, to mask the battery
which is directed against the form of government
adopted by Kansas, is, that the constitution was
not submitted to the people after the convention
framed it. It is said that this was an interference
with popular sovereignty; that the people of Kan-
sas had a right to have it submitted to a popular
vote; and that if it were not submitted, or if it
were submitted in part and not in the whole, it
was in derogation of the great principle of popu-
lar sovereignty. Mr. President, what is popular
sovereignty ? I do not mean that term in the ac-
ceptation of demagogues or politicians: but what
is it in the meaning of law, American law and
American sense? It means nothing in the world
but an assertion of a great principle, which none
of us denies, that a people constituting a political
community are their own rulers. How is it car-
ried out in that system of government first estab-
lished upon this continent ? That the popular will
can only be known through their representatives,
or through the forms of law passed to ascertain
their will; that the turbulent masses, be they large
or small, are to be treated as turbulent masses,
and to be repressed by force if necessary. Perfect
obedicnce to law lies at the very foundation of
every security of government here, as force is the
foundation of the security of every government
elsewhere.
Sir, I need hardly say to this body that, whether
Kansas is to be admitted or rejected as a State,
we can rightfully look no further into her consti-
tution than see the government is republican in
form. We, to be sure, are bound to see that it is
a constitution framed by the people of Kansas,
and not by anybody else—not to have one im-
posed, as some gentlemen seem to suggest; but
when the constitution is here as the act of that
people, we can look into it for no purpose what-
ever but to see what is its form; and if its form is
republican, we have no right to look further.
The organic law providing a territorial govern-
ment for Kansas provides that their Legislature
shall have committed to them all subjects of right-
ful legislation; that they shall regulate all their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject to
the Constitution, and contains an utter disclaimer
of any intent or purpose in the Federal councils,
whilst they are so conducted, to interfere with
them at any time or for any purpose.
Now, what has been done ? Only what every
other State has done. They passed a law pre-
scribing the mode of electing representatives to a
convention, confided to that convention the power
to frame a State government, and did no more, as
far as legislation was concerned. The law did
not require that the constitution, when framed
under the authority confided to the convention,
should be submitted to the people. It was com-
petent to the law to have done it. In my own
State of Virginia, when a convention was called
there, a few years ago, to amend or alter the form
of government, the law calling the convention pro-
vided that the constitution should be submitted to
the people; but suppose the law had been silent:
would it not have been competent to the conven-
tion to submit it or to withhold it, as the conven-
tion thought proper ? In other words, if the law
which authorizes the convention does not pre-
scribe that the constitution is to be submitted to
a popular vote, it remits the whole power to those
who represent the people in convention. That, I
should say, must of necessity be the law of t^is
question, unless you are to look outside of law
and outside of government, to get at the popular
will. I say the convention unquestionably pos-
sessed the power to submit the whole constitu-
tion, or none of it, or part of it. They did submit,
I think with statesmanlike propriety, the only
question on which that people was divided—the
question of slavery. There was no occasion to
submit any more; but, whether there was or not,
