30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
vivid are his countenance and his image in our
recollection—so familiar the tones of his voice to
the ear—so close in our hearts the pressure of
his genial, bright, noble affection—that we rather
expect him. upon the instant, again to enter those
portals, once more to be with us and of us, than
assure ourselves that he has gone, forever, to the
portals of death.
Whatever the vacancy here, Mr. President and
Senators, there is none in our memories, or in
our love. Where only pure remembrance dwells;
■where the holiest of our affections, our sympa-
thies, our hopes, are gathered; where the con-
troversies and mean ambitions of the hour can-
not intrude;—in that sacred chamber, with all the
freshness of his life, an expressive figure still
abides, the benignant eyes are beaming on us,
and the tender voice is almost heard. He has
gone from the bitterness which often, too often,
distracts our counsels, which causes us to forget
the kind words of another time, the constant and
indispensable acts of courtcsy, forbearance, and
personal regard, even the tried fiiendships and
the experience of troubles and danger in common.
He is beyond all that could alienate him from us.
The past will never be obliterated. He is our
friend, and we are his friends, until together (as
I hope) in happier circumstances, in a blessed
sphere, spirit with spirit unobstructed can ever-
lasting communion hold.
Let us not mourn for him. The measure of
daily cares and toils, of continual annoyance, of
perplexity, misfortune, and sorrow—he has filled
that, and with that, has filled the measure of his
fame. He has obtained at length, as well as earned,
a discharge from the service of his grateful coun-
try; and now retires, silently, in the ripeness of
age, to its enjoyment. In the fragrance of that
grove of laurels through which, from on high,
the ancient Endanus rolls its copious flood—in
the company of those who, in all past time, by
wounds sustained in the public defense, by lives of
puiity and just example, by genius devoted to
pious ends, by the invention of useful arts and
other deeds worthy to be remembered, have won
the snow-white fillet—his temples are crowned
with eternal felicity and honor.
4< Oonf-pioit, cccg, alios dextia, l?rvaquc per lierbam,
Vicentes, ia'tuinquo choio l\cana oanontes,
Inter odonttutii iatiu rietnm: unde stipeino
PiuumiH Endum per sv Iv.tm volvuur mums.
IIio mauu^. oh patnam pugn.uido vu!ru>i,i passi,
Unique saeejdotes eaMi, dinn vita manelmt,
Unique pu rates, of Pliaibo digua loeun •
Invcnta-* <tuf qui vjt.im eveoluere p< t <ul">,
Unique sui tnemrnes ahn> feeeie im-tendo,
OnirnbiH hi  mvea cin^unttit lenipora villa.1'
For ourselves, Mr. President and Senators, to
have been his associates, to have learned the
beauty of his character and his disposition—such
an advantage does not. happen to all, nor often times
to any man. It is for us to make the most of this;
and, by this, to improve the tenor of our conduct
and conversation—exalting to more lofty purpose
the actions, the endeavors, the hopes of a lifetime.
We shall thus derive from the inspiration of our
d< parted associate that lesson he would most have
desired to teaeh; and thus, like him, finish our
days on earth with the glory of a complete ex-
ample our children and our countrymen.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, four years ago
this day, immediately after taking the official oath
and my seat on this floor, I was approached by a
man whose silvery locks contrasted strangely
with his youthful gait and manner, who, intro-
ducing himself, saluted me with cordiality and
kindness, us prepossessing as it was generous.
That man was Andrew Pickens Butllr, then a
Senator from South Carolina. The pleaoantim-
pressions of his first salutation were deepened
by intimate intercourse during the two last Con-
gresses, and can never be effaced from my mem-
ory. He was my pleasant companion, my
cherished friend, my respected counselor ! I feel
it due to our relations while he lived, to publicly
tender to his memory the homage of my esteem
and affection now that he is dead I His surviv-
ing colleague, who knew him longer and better,
has rehearsed the stoty of his life, and portrayed
him in public and private relations, in which i
knew him only by reputation. 1 shall endeavor
to sketch a few salient points of ins character, as
they appeared to me m Uiis Chamber and in pri-
vate circles.
Judge Rutler was gifted with a rare genius.
Heexhibited,in debate, theindependenceand free-
dom, the originality and eccentricity of a mind not
fettered by rules, or addicted to following straight
or beaten paths, but indulgingin modes of thought
and expression both peculiar and extraordinary.
He seemed to labor less in conceiving than in ex-
pressing his ideas. His thoughts outran -his
words, causing him sometimes to halt and stam-
mer in his articulation, notwithstanding his copi-
ousness of imagery and vivacity of diction. His
occasional and extemporaneous efforts were more
felicitous and pleasing than those which were
carefully prepared—if, indeed, he ever made care-
ful preparation.
His style of oratory was rarely logical or argu-
mentative, but often brilliant and eloquent. Al-
though his mind was disciplined by a collegiate
education and the severe studies of the legal pro-
fession—which he is reputed to have adorned both
as a lawyer and a judge—yet I do not think he
excelled in parliamentary dialectics. He was not
a methodical thinker or syllogistic reasoner. He
did not develop his conclusions by systematic
gradations of analysis or synthesis. He did not
elaborate them by regular concatenations of facts
or of arguments. He did not persuade or con-
vince the judgment by the judicious marshaling
of his facts, or by the concerted and concentrated
progression of his argument; but he enchained
the attention and captivated the judgment by sud-
den sallies of wit, by humorous raillery, by strik-
ing metaphors, by apposite aphorisms, by bold
denunciations, and by soul-stirring eloquence.
" He spoke what he thought, and as he thought
it," in a rambling manner; now pausing in paren-
thesis; now abruptly rising from the level of nar-
ration to the higher flights of oratory, and again
suddenly descending; now dashing off into a bril-
liant episode, and then hastily returning to his
subject. Though swift in pursuit of his object,
he was quick in turning from it. Like those ani-
mals that seize their prey by a single leap, instead
of after a long chase, he often achieved his tri-
umphs by one stroke of trenchant satire or a
single volley of ridicule; by one arrow from his
exhaustless armory, barbed with an epigram or
an aphorism, or a single burst of burning words
or vehement indignation. His manner, on such
occasions, sharpened the point and added to the
force of ins projectiles. It was peculiar, inim-
itable, and indescribable.
Good sense, sincerity, and wit, were the promi-
I nent traits of his addresses. He seized on leading
| facts or great truths and urged them with energy
! and brevity. He quickly detected the fallacies
; of his adversary, and exposed them by concise
j criticism instead of elaborate argument. His ef-
! forts, generally, evinced but little labor, and less
I art. They were the spontaneous effusions of his
i ardent nature. They came native from his heart
! and impelled the hearts of others with communi-
| cated power. His hearers were impressed with
i his thorough conviction, his intense interest,
' and his strong passion of his subject.
His wit was ready and versatile, playful and
I pungent, happyand haimless,and never produced
I a painful or rankling wound. It generally de-
i lighted even its victims, and was often most sal-
| utary when most sharp. Who does not rcmem-
; ber more than one occasion when it burst like
grateful sunshine through the angry clouds of
sectional or party strife that enshrouded this
Chamber, irradiating it with the genial light of
joyousness and peace!
I But it was in the private circles of society that
the qualities of the man were most attractive and
fascinating. It was in the midst of his friends,
around the festive board, or the family heaith-
s tone, that the wealth of his thoughts and his affec-
tions was freely lavished. There he best dis-
played his genial humor, his sparkling wit, his ;
luxuriantimagination, his strong common sense, i
his exquisite sensibilities, his tender pathos, his
generous and benevolent spirit. He there ex-
hibited, m striking antithesis, the cool wisdom of
age with the fresh and fervid feelings of youth,
so singularly typefied in his hoary head and im-
passioned manner— like Hecla, crowned with
snow, while undying fires burn within its bosom.
44 When I was a boy" was the poetry of his
life. He loved to repeat the reminiscences of
u the morn and liquid dew of life," especially of
the period of our last war with Great Britain, of
which (though too young to participate) he had
a lively recollection, particularly of the scenes in
South Carolina, and of the valorous and patriotic
deeds of her sons and daughters. He spoke of
them with a just pride of family and of State,
dwelling with enthusiastic admiration upon what
he termed " the hardy virtues of our ancest-
ors. "
He often rehearsed with tearful eyes and mourn-
ful words the admonitions of his noble and gentle
mother, who had impressed his mind with re-
ligious truths which neither time nor secular
pursuits had effaced. He had gathered up and
treasured thS golden sentiments of that pious
woman with a sort of idolatry like that with
which certain religionists regard their holy relics.
Indeed, he reverenced her as something more
than mortal—as "the connecting link between
woman and angel."
His manhood was marked by many and un-
usual domestic afflictions—in the loss of all his
near lineal and collateral relations save an only
daughter—which cast a shadow on his pathway
and tinged with sadness the usual current of his
reflections. In familiar conversations he often
alluded to these bereavements with the touching
tenderness of an elegiac poet, or with the impres-
sive seriousness of a philosopher, who had ex-
perienced the sad vicissitudes of human life and
the utter emptiness of human enjoyments. The
struggle between the native buoyancy and super-
venient heaviness of his heart was like that be-
tween the sunshine and the cloud. His mind
seemed perpetually oscillating between joy and
sadn^s—from "grave to gay, from lively to
Severe."
Judge Butlf.r was a man of " high thoughts
seated in a heart of courtesy," although he some-
times had an odd, blunt way that might have been
mistaken for ill-nature or rudeness by strangers.
He scorned everything mean, or unworthy the
true nobility of manhood. He was incapable of
the selfish intrigues of the mere politician, or the
vile traffic of the placeman. His mind revolved
upon the axis of Truth, and he uas what he
seemed to be. His manners were marked by sim-
plicity; his language, in his serious moods, by
directness; his intercourse with the world by
frankness and sincerity.
He was, I believe, universally esteemed a true
friend and magnanimous foe, a zealous patriot
and sagacious statesman. He loved the gallant
State which he represented with the devotion of
filial piety, and was ever ready to advocate her
rights or defend her honor, and to pledge his for-
tune or peril his life in their suppoit. He loved
the union of the Constitution only less than South
Carolina, notwithstanding he often dwelt with
bitterness upon the wrongs which he believed
had been done his own section, in violation of
rights reserved or guarantied by that sacred in-
strument.
That he had faults and committed errors, none
will deny; but they were such as commonly be-
long to men of warm imaginations or strong social
sympathies, and were like mists exhaling from
summer streams, which obscure their beauties
without defiling their waters. In contemplating
such a character, every generous mind is inclined
to excuse some defects, in consideration of the
general symmetry of its imposing proportions.
It is no exaggeration of his merits, or dispar-
agement of his successors, to say that his vacant
chair can never be filled. No learning, however
extensive; no talents, however superior; no genius,
however great; no social virtues, however ami-
able, will ever be found in combination so strange
and striking, so felicitous and fascinating, as m
our late beloved and gifted friend—rare Judge But-
ler 1
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot permit the present
melancholy occasion to pass without adding my
earnest tribute to the memory of the deceased, and
attempting to express the profound sorrow I feel,
in common with all who knew him, at the provi-
dential dispensation by which he has been re-
moved from our midst, never to return.
During my former senatorial term, circum-
stances brought me into intimate relations with
Judge Butler, which continued down to the close
of his earthly career. I admired him for the high
qualities of his mind, and loved him for the sim-
ple, childlike purity of his heart.
