1858.^
35th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
the convention were the sole judges. They sub-
mitted the slavery question; and it has struck me,
in looking into that constitution, that this so-called
slave question is there stated with a compactness
and truth that would challenge criticism from any
quarter. The section is this:
" The right of property is before and higher than anv con-
stitutional sanction; and the right ot the owner of a'Mave
to such clave and its increase is the same, and as inviolable,
as the right of the owner of arty pioperty whatever."
It does not speak of slavery in any sense as a
creation of law; it speaks of it as an existing
thing, a status of property in the country recog-
nizing it exactly as it exists, requiring no law
whatever, and dependent on ^no law to create it
in Kansas; suggesting none, but simply declaring
that a subject of slavery is, like all other property,
superior to any law that is known to civilized
man, for the law of civilized man recognizes the
right of property.
That is the declaration in the constitution, so
far as the condition of slavery is concerned. An-
other clause provides that the question should be
submitted to the people of Kansas, whether it was
their will to continue that species of property in
the State, or not.
This brings me to the consideration of a posi-
tion very strangely assumed on the other side (as
I think) by the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer;] and from which he, and those
who think with him, derive most important con-
clusions affecting the condition of slavery. Their
theory is, that slavery is the creation of positive
law; and, being so, that wherever the law ordain-
ing is not in force there is no slavery. I know of
no authority for any such position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that Lord Mansfield say s so expressly in the
Sommersett case.
Mr.MASON. Ihad hoped, after what we heard
with so much pleasure and instruction from the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, that Lord
Mansfield's decision in the Sommersettcase would
have been received, even by the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine, and as I think it will by all when
the passions of the day subside on the subject of
African slavery, as a mere judicial flourish—noth-
ing else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg leave to say that I
have a very great respect for the Senator from
Louisiana; but it would take many such author-
ities to overturn my respect for Lord Mansfield's
decision in that case—certainly more than one.
Mr. MASON. I am to deal with slavery on
this continent. I aver, so far as I have been able
to trace it, and I - have examined it with care in
legislation of the southern States—I have not
looked into that of the northern States, because it
does not exist there now—I have been unable to
find any statute from the beginning, creating the
condition of African slavery on this continent. I
know from the history of the country that the first
slaves which were landed upon the continent from
Africa, were taken hold of by the " common law"
of that day and recognized as property. The first
slaves, I think, landed on the continent of America
were brought to Jamestown, in Virginia, in 1620,
eighteen in number. I do not recollect whether
they were brought directly from Africa or indi-
rectly through one of the Spanish islands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To what common law
does the Senator refer?
Mr. MASON. The common law of England,
sir—the law of your ancestors and mine. The
common law of England was the only law in the
colonies at that day; it certainly was the only law
in Virginia, for at that day she had no Legislative
Assembly. The common law of England, as it
has existed the law of that State from that day to
this. When those slaves were landed in 1620, they
were purchased by the planters, precisely as any
other property, taken to their plantations, and put
to work, and as successive importations of slaves
in following years were received and treated. They
were recognized by that law as property, and pro-
tected as such in the same manner. The common
law of your ancestors and mine, the great com-
mon law of England, was the only law then in Vir-
ginia regulating the rights of property. It has
remained the law of Virginia from that day to
this, except so far as it may have been altered by
statute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia I know to be a very able lawyer, and I wish
simply to ask him what maxim, what provision
of the common law of England authorized the im-
portation of slaves as property?
Mr. MASON. After the manner of the hon-
orable Senator's country, I might answer that
question by asking another: what maxim of the
common law of England recognizes property in
a horse, or a cow, or any other chattel ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is answered by
Blackstonc.
Mr. MASON. What is the answer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot repeat the words.
Mr. MASON. It is all answered by Black-
stone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. MASON. It is all answered by the com-
mentators on the law of England. I would give
to the honorable Senator this answer, that the
common law of England recognized in England
as property, even at the day when the Sommer-
sett case was decided, as it did in Virginia when
the slaves to which 1 have alluded were imported,
whatever was property in the country from which
it was brought, and treated it as such, unless
there was some positive law prohibiting it being
property.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia will permit me, I will say that both in Keble
and in Salkeld he will find actions of trover for
negro slaves sustained under the common law of
England.
Mr. MASON. I doubt not if such action was
brought, the common law sustained it; and if the
honorable Senator from Maine desires to know
what maxim or provision of the common law
treats slaves as property, I will say to him that
the common law of England, so justly called the
consummation of human wisdom, recognized
everything as property which was the subject of
property in the country from which it was brought
unless prohibited by some positive law of that
realm; and thus it was, that when slaves were
first landed in Virginia, there being no law there
but the common law, they were admitted as other
property, that law recognizing that as their con-
dition in the country whence they were brought,
The condition of property did not attach to them
after they reached the soil of Virginia, but they
brought it with them. Such has been the law
from that day to this. You may look through all
the southern States where slaves are best known
to us, and you will find laws passed from tune to
time, as they increased in number, regulating
their condition; sometimes declaring them to be
real estate ;at others, declaring them to be personal
estate, exempting them from execution if there
was other property upon which an execution
could be levied, and making peculiar regulations
in relation to them in the distribution of the estate
of an intestate. You find laws of that sort almost
from the earliest day, and every one of them car-
ries with it a recognition that slaves were prop- |j
erty, and nothing but property. ||
Sir, the common law of England is the accumu-;;
lated treasure of human experience, gathered in j"
the lapse of ages by agreat, wise, and intellectual ,j
people; adapting itself from age to age in the :j
progress of the world, by a contractile and expan- |[
sive power, to the varying wants or necessities of j I
progressive civilization and wealth. Its greatest ,
achievement has been to elevate the social condi- !
tion of man by securing to him the fruits of his j
labor; and thus it has ever been a tenet of that
law, that whatever comes within its jurisdiction j
asproperty must remain and be protected as such. j
It required statute-law of England to destroy
slavery in her colonies, as it requires statute-law j
in the States of this Confederacy to take that con- >
dition from the descendants of African bondsmen.
In the ordinance of 1787, by which involuntary
servitude, except for crime, was prohibited m the
Northwestern Territory, the sixth section pro- ,
vides for the surrender of fugitive slaves escaping :
into that Territory. Following this, the Consti- I
tution of the United States contains a like provis- j
ion. I am not at all prepared to say that, as a j:
pure question of law, when a slave absconds from !
his master and escapes to a State where the con- |i
dition of slavery has been abolished, he would, i.
because of such law, and in the absence of pre-1|
judice or passion in the administration of the
law, be declared free. Such a decision would be
at war with that comity of law recognized in civ-
ilized societies, by which the laws of one State
are on grounds of policy and general safety rec-
ognized! and carried into effect by another. But,
be this as it may, the security of this kind of
property in framing a common government, was
not to be left at hazard; and hence the provision
of the Constitution. By its virtue, a slave escap-
ing into Massachusetts remains a slave still, by
the law of the Constitution. No law of Massa-
chusetts can set him free; but he remains the
property of his owner—protected as such by the
fundamental law to which all the States have as-
sented.
There is another dogma which I have heard
from honorable Senators on the other side more
than once, as a maxim pretty much like this the-
ory of theirs, that slavery is the subject of positive
institutions—a misnomer, by the way, for slavery
is not an institution at all, it is a mere condition.
Another of their dogmas just as untenable, but as-
serted by them as though it were a maxim in law
received in all civilized countries, is that there is
no property in man. Why, sir, I should like to
know if there is not property in man by contract.
What is the relation of master and apprentice but
a property in the apprentice during the time that
theindenturesrun,anda control over him and his
time, recognized and enforced by law? How is it
with an indentured servant, in regard to which
honorable Senators from the North have more in-
formation than I have, for we have very few of
that class of servants in my country ? An inden-
tured servant is one who sells his time for a given
period and a given price. And is there no prop-
erty in that man? What is the property in a slave
but the property in his time and labor during life,
instead of a property in his time, and his labor,
for a term of years ? What then becomes of this
dogma, that there can be no property m man ?
There was a time, and in my remembrance,
when emigrants from Europe were brought to this
country under contracts made at the place of em-
barkation, that the shipper should dispose of them
in this country for a stated term, the consideration
for which was to pay their passage and subsist-
ence on the voyage. They were called redemp-
tioners, because they were the property of the
shipper, until redeemed by his sale of them for a
term of years; and then the purchaser stood in his
place. The lime of service was regulated as m all
other subjects of property, by the value of the
commodity—as age, skill, capacity, &c. Until so
disposed of, the redemptioner was as entirely un-
der the control of the shipper, so far as liberty was
concerned, as any other living chattel on board
his ship—and when he passed into the hands of a
purchaser, he carried that condition with him.
What difference, then, in every principle of law,
between one so brought into the country as prop-
; erty, for a term of years, definite—and another,
j imported for a term, indefinite? The common law
! certainly knows of none, nor can such be found,
; unless by absolute statute. I should, therefore,
| confidently assume, that in the reverse of the po-
sition assumed on the other side, is to be found
the true principle of law; that is to say, whilst it
requires no positive law to fix the condition of
slavery, it does require positive law to destroy it.
A gentleman brought to my notice this morning
an extract from one of the northern papers which
I would not use without first referring it to the
honorable Senator from Maine to know what was
their legislation on the subject. I have said the
law of all humane and civilized communities es-
tablishes a right of property in man, and the ex-
tract to which I have alluded states that a man
who had once attained distinction, and had sub-
stantial wealth, had in his old age fallen into pov-
erty, and had been sold at auction in the State of
Maine. The honorable Senator explained it by
saying that it was apart of their poor-law system,
not that the man was sold at auction, but that
each town is obliged to maintain its own paupers;
and where they have no poor-house, and no or-
ganization for the purpose of doing it, a. part of
their system is to put them out to be maintained
by the man who will maintain them at the lowest
rates: but he said that according to his recollection
it gave to the party ne right to the man's time.
