1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
justice to myself to say, that when I said that I
had no other question in view than that of sla-
very; and had any man, with sufficient authority,
said "we will submit the slavery question,"my
answer would have been, that is sufficient. But
I did not say I would not vote for the admission,
untess the constitution was voted on by the peo-
ple. Furthermore, I happen to have a reply at
hand, here in my desk, in a speech which I made
in August, immediately aftermy return from Kan-
sas, in answer to Mr. Wilmot, in which I took
precisely the position which I have occupied on
this floor; that was, if the popular sense was as-
certained on the slavery question, that was all that
we, outside of the Territory, had any right to ex-
pect, or require, or look into.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Ohio yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, this de-
bate has taken a very extraordinary turn; and,
after the speech of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, I think it is proper that the Senator from Il-
linois should be sent for, or that the Senate should
adjourn over until Monday. [A laugh.] I know
that some gentlemen have a habit of coughing
and speaking in an insulting manner when Sena-
tors rise here. I think that is very unworthy of
a gentleman. I do not think any gentleman would
indulge in it.
Now, Mr. President, I have listened very care-
fully to the speech of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania; and I recollect very well, that when on a
former occasion the Senator from Illinois interro-
gated him on the point to which he has just
spoken, he did not at that time speak positively,
or have any positive recollection of what did take
place in the house of the Senator from Illinois;
but he said his impression was that such a debate
did take place. The Senator from Illinois flatly
denied it within the hearing of every Senator 011
this floor. He is now confined to his bed, I un-
derstand, very sick; though I do not know but
that he might be sent for.
But, sir, it is now after three o'clock, and I hope
that the Senator from Ohio will give way to a mo-
tion to adjourn, or that the Senate will proceed to
other business this afternoon, the Private Calen-
dar for example, because I am very anxious that
the Senator from Illinois should be present if this
debate is to be continued this afternoon. I think
every friend of his upon this floor— I do not speak
of his political friends, but every gentleman who
respects him, should vote to give him an oppor-
tunity to be here so that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania may again repeat what he so valiantly
repeated a few moments since.
Mr. WADE. If there is a motion to adjourn
I am willing to give way, for I am very tired my-
self; but I shall get through very soon.
Mr. GREEN. I object to an adjournment.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr'. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. BIGLER. I think I am entitled at least to
that courtesy for a moment. I know the Senator
from Ohio will extend it to me. I cannot permit
the Senator from California to place me in a false
position. His intimation is, that I have said in
the absence of the Senator from Illinois what I
did not say in his presence.
Mr. BRODERICK. Such is my impression,
sir.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, your impressions are
wrong. The variation is simply so far as relates
to the discussion of the question of Kansas being
in the Union under that bill. That is the only
essential variation. I have made no issue with
the Senator from Illinois,and I have been careful
not to do so because of his absence; more so
than I should have been if he had been present.
The Senator from California would put this ques-
tion in a false view before the Senate. Now, sir,
I hope the Senator from Ohio will proceed.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield to the Senator from California?
Mr. WADE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BR.ODERICK. Only a few moments, sir.
My memory must be very treacherous, if the
Senator from Pennsylvania is correct. My im-
pression is that he did deny that the Senator from
Illinois was present when this meeting took place.
Ithink that when the Senator from Illinois further
interrogated him, he again said that he did not
know whether that gentleman was present, or had
any knowledge of the fact. I may be mistaken.
Mr. HALE. No, you are not.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very confident as to
the accuracy of my recollection. I think the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will find that he did it
with a great deal of tremor. I thought he had
taken it all back in the most submissive manner;
and therefore I intended, out of the respect I bore
him at that time, to talk to him upon the question.
But, sir, I let it pass, and said nothing to him
about it. I believe four fifths of the Senators who
are now present were upon the floor at the time .
that debate took place, and will concur with me !
in this respect. The Senator from Illinois is now
confined to his bed by sickness; and I hope that,
out of respect to that gentleman, the Senate will
adjourn, and then we shall be able, on Monday,
to ascertain whether the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is correct or not.
Mr. BIGLER and Mr. WADE addressed the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio claim the floor?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; and I only wish to say
that, since this matter has come up m the shape
it has, if there are personal considerations requir-
ing time for explanation, I will not stand in the
way of an adjournment; I will give way to a mo-
tion of that kind.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to remark 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. WADE. For the purpose of allowing a
motion to adjourn to be made, if any gentleman
sees fit to make it.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to make a suggestion.
If you are determined to postpone tins subject,
there are other matters to attend to. Do not let
us adjourn.
Mr. BRODERICK. If there are other matters
to attend to, let us proceed to their consideration.
I move that this question be postponed until Mon-
day at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. This debate must be ended. •
Several Senators rose
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
j state the question before hearing anything that
may be said. The Chair will not recognize any
Senator until he states the question before the Sen-
ate. It is moved and seconded that the further
consideration of this subjcct be postponed until
Monday at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. BRODERICK called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to say a word which may
relieve him probably from some embarrassment.
I heard the allegations ofthe Senatorfrom Illinois
and the Senator from Pennsylvania on a former
occasion; and I took it on myself, as their com-
mon friend, to bring them together to have a con-
versation 011 this subject. My own impression
was that the Senator from Pennsylvania was dis-
tinct and correct in his statement, but that the
. conversation transpired in another portion of the
j room when the Senator from Illinois did not hear
I it; and I understood that to be their mutual un-
! demanding.
! Now, if 1 thoughtthe honoroftheSenatorfrom
i Illinois were involved m any degree, even in the
j slightest degree, I should move to postpone the
I further consideration of this question; or, if my
{colleague says it will be convenient to him, and
1 that he desires it, I will vote to postpone it; but I
. do not understand how a collateral matter brought
I in here by the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
! did not hear my colleague, is to usurp the whole
| attention of the Senate, and to lead off the Senate
! into a great many other collateral matters. That
i is the reason why I shall be compelled to vote
against the postponement, unless my colleague
desires it. 1 thought the matter between the Sen-
ators from Pennsylvania and Illinois was all hap-
pily understood between them at that time. I ten-
dered my good offices as their friend, and thought
it was ended.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Ohio is sub-
stantially correct in what he has stated. He will
remember, however, that it was subsequent to
that time that I made my prepared speech and
gave the history of this case in justification of
what I hful previously said. It will be remem-
bered, and the debate would show if I had it at
hand, that I said to the Senatorfrom Illinois that
I only intended to hold him accountable by the
record. I stated that I did not pretend to recollect
that the Senator from Illinois participated in the
particular discussion to which I referred. I so
stated in the first debate. It is not becoming in
the Senator from California to characterize the
manner in which I did what I conceived to be an
act of propriety. I could not recollect the par-
ticular part which the Senator from Illinois had
in the discussion, nor was it necessary. I only
gave the general impression made on my mind.
I afterwards gave the history of the case as con-
firming it. That is consistent with all I said.
Mr. BRODERICK. I think it a duty that I
owe to the Senate, as well as to the Senator from
Illinois, to state that when the Senator from New
Hampshire, some fifteen or twenty days since,
made his speech, I understood, at that time, the
Senator from Illinois to say that the Senator from
New Hampshire intended to allude to the meet-
ing which took place in his room. The Senator
from Illinois informed the Senatorfrom Pennsyl-
vania, that if the Senator from New Hampshire
did allude to that subject again, he would, upon
this floor, denounce the allegation as a falsehood,
if the Senator from Pennsylvania did not qualify
it in some manner. Now, sir, the Senator from
Illinois is absent-—-
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is talking about
what the record here or the debate will not show
one word of. It never occurred.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am talking about what
the Senator from Illinois informed me; so that
it is a question of veracity between the Senator
from Pennsylvania and the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator shall not attack
the Senator from Illinois in his absence. The Sen-
ator from Illinois never did any such thing on the
floor of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania pause? The Chair must at-
tempt to control debate and make it regular, and
therefore the Chair will not allow it to proceed
until he asks the Senator entitled to the floor
whether he yields the floor to the Senator inter-
rupting. That will enable the Chair to exercise
some control over'the manner of proceeding.
Mr. BRODERICK. I yield.
Mr. BIGLER. Every Senator here knows that
the Senator from New Hampshire did discuss
that subject pointedly and distinctly. The Sen-
ator from California says that the Senator from
Illinois asserted that he would rise here and de-
nounce it as false. The Senator from Illinois
never did any such thing. Now, sir, where is
the issue ? Denounce as false, what, sir? The
assertion that that interview left the impression
on my mind, as I over and over repeated, that the
intention and the effect of that bill was to bring
Kansas into the Union through the agency of one
popular vote, and that vote for delegates—that is
all.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, Mr. President, I
suppose when the Senator from Illinois takes his
seat in this body, he would like to speak upon
this question. It is now three hours since the Sen-
ator from Ohio commenced his remarks. I un-
derstand there are a great many private bills upon
the table, and I hope the Senate will postpone this
matter until half past twelve o'clock on Monday,
so that we can proceed with private business on
the Calendar. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. We have been sitting here, very
intensely engaged, all the week.
Mr. BROWN. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. Before the vote is taken, I will
state that I was requested by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to inform the Senate that
he had paired off with the Senator from Florida,
j [Mr. Yclee.]
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1 resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
| YHAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chundler, ClarK, Collamer,
1 Crittenriyri, Dixon, DooUule,Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
