APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
Every humane society has a system of poor laws
What are they ? Nothing in the world but this:
when a part of the population, from age or dis-
ease, or infirmity, is unable to maintain itself, it
shall be maintained by the public; and the neces-
sary incident to that is, that as long as the public
maintains the pauper, the public shall have the
right to the time of the pauper. It is part of the
whole system of poor laws everywhere. They
give a property in the man, and in the time of the
man, as long as he is the subject of publicbounty,
and properly so. The public is just as inexora-
bly his owner for that time as these honorable
Senators would represent a slaveholder to be the
owner of his property in a slave.
I say, then, it is a mere catch-word, an un-
founded dogma, that has no position in law or in
sense, to say that there can be no property in man.
It is the law of the civilized world everywhere,
must be the law, ought to be the law, for the pro-
tection and well-being of society. Where you
have a population amongst you, as a pauper pop-
ulation always is, unable to feed and to clothe
themselves, humanity devolves it upon the public,
and devolves with it a property in the time of the
subject of the public bounty.
Mr, FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to explain, with distinctness,
what I said in reference to the case of which he
speaks.
Mu MASON. Ceitfunly.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. I noticed that statement
in the papers, and I remarked to the Senator that
there was no sort of correctness in the statement
that anybody was sold by virtue of the poor laws
of Maine, and 1 suppose cannot be by the laws
of any other State of the Union except in the slave
Slates, where a slave maybe sold. The provision
of our law is very simple, and I presume it is like
that of most other States. The towns are obliged
by law comfortably to support all poor persons
who are unable to take care of themselves. The
genetal mode of doing this in Jorge towns is to
provide an alma-house, where all the poor people
rm>y be supported at the expense of the municipal
corporation; but some small towns ate unable to
do tins, and they make a contract with individ-
uals to suppoit the poor—sometimes the whole
poor, sometimes certain numbers of them; and,
m order to airne at that contract, they have a
biddtm1; to see who will agree with the town to
suppoit its poor at the lowest ptieu. That is all
the atuMion (here is. Those who agree to do Hat
a ]e:^: puei- than anybody else will, if proper per-
son-:, jis^'iime the contract, eome under eeitam
oblations lo a (lord these poor people comfortable
subsistence for a iixed puce. That is the only
mode m which a person is sold. There is no
contract for his service, no obligation to serve, or
anything of the kind.
While I am up, 1 wish to say another thing.
The Senator ft om Vniiinta asked me An the
found ttion of other property by the common law,
and i r< plied that the answer was to be found m
HI.velcsioiie, but that I could not give him the ex-
act words. I happen now to have the second vol-
ume of {'lack-tone, and, if he will excuse me for
doing so, j will lead the words to which I io-
fern d; and the Senator will see whethei the argu-
ment iw is making can be sustained upon what
i]]ae!:s:one says is the foundation of the law of
pjimci ly:
-■ la the Ic'iamunjrof Hie uoiM. we are mf timed bv Hnlv
Wot, tlx- ail boiintuu! Ciwlm navv to m.ui • dninmiun own
all the earth. .■ 111! ovn (In* ii-i. ol the • ca, and ovci (lie tow I
o! the ..11, 'iiid ovet e\ ei ]iwu<: (hnij, that tnm <-th upon the
faith." rin- w ihe otiiv nU'* and solid loimd.Uion oi Man'*
doimsac!i over c/lrrii'tl thinx^, whatever nu v, metaphj -toal
notions mav have been -tailed by tanciUil wutei^ upon this
Miliji-e Tie' eairh, riieirfoie, and a!i thni^ tlnacm. ate
lln peipcrty 01 all mankind, e\Hu-i\e of <>|hf( )>.•-
m^r-, in Mil thn immediate "ill el (lie Civafoi. And while
Jhe eatth continued hate ol its inhabitant*. i! len^onufde
to .-uppoM* thai ail was m common anion" them, and that
ev<'iy <>iv tmik 1'iom the public .stock, to In- own ii-i , such
thin"-1 as Ins immediate inice^ities icquncd >y—-2 Blurk-
6.tone'9 C.UUIH.. p. 3.
That is the answer to the Senator's whole ques-
tion, j's to what is the true foundation of the law
of property, as recognized by the laws of Eng-
land.
Air. MASON, I read with a great deal of in-
tei-'St, not very long since, quite an instructive
book than was printed m the section of country
to which the honorable Senatorbelongs—the State
of Massachusetts—the diary kept by the first
Governor of New England, old John Winthrop,
and a very instructive paper it was, as to the con-
dition of the population in that part of the conti-
nent at that day, and their habits and usages. I
found that when they constituted tribunals of jus-
tice vested with proper jurisdiction overall ques-
tions, civil and criminal, a part of their jurispru-
dence was this: they were not very thoroughly
read, I presume, in the laws of England, or they
had not the books, I do not know which; but they
had very few laws of their own, and it was the
invariable practice of the tribunals of that early
date, in the administration either of civil or of
criminal justice, where there was no law to direct
their counsels, to refer it to the Bible; and they
took the dispensations of the Mosaic code as
the true arbiter of the rights of thGir fellow-men
brought before them in their tribunals of justice,
and punished them accordingly.
Now, it is very true that Blackstone, who has
written a history of the common law, adopted
probably as one of the theories of the common
law, that the foundation of all property was de-
rived during the theocracy, when the Almighty
directly governed man without any intermediate
tribunal whatever; and when the Almighty gave
to man dominion over the birds of the air, the
beasts of the field, and the fishes of the sea, that
lie there ordained property, and that we must go
back to that to ascertain what are the rightful sub-
jects of property. That is his theory. But the
common law has certainly very far trenched upon
that since; because at last property is but subject
to the necessary relations that must subsist be-
tween men in civilized society. It has grown up
by a series of usages. The common law of Eng-
land is but the law of usage and of custom. I have
attempted to show, I conless very feebly, that the
common law does rccogniz.e a property in some-
thing that is neither a beast of the field, a bird of
the air, nor a fish of the sea, and enfuices those
rights of property. I take the case of master and
apprentice; of the servant by indenture; the case
of the poor laws, where the mtei ests of society in
civilization devolve the maintenance of the pauper
on the public. I would take the case of vagrants.
There are laws of general police in most of the
States, (certainly there arc m my own, and police
laws are very much the same everywhere,) pro-
viding that men who wander about society with-
out having any visible means of support, shall be
ariested and sold to those who will undertake to
suppoit them for their time. It is a police law*,
and the necessity of it is not so much to punish
the vagrant, for his vice in idling his time, but for
the great moral example of society to make all
contribute to the common good by the proper em-
ployment of their time.
INoiv, what, is property in a slave at last? If the
slave is killed by his master, it is just as much
murder as if he";had killed his neighbor white
man. If he is maimed by his master, it is just
as much a mayhem at common law. If he is in-
humanly or cruelly treated, it is just as much an
offense as if an apprentice had been so treated,
and it is punishable criminally. He cannot kill
him; he cannot abuse or misuse him in such a
way as to amount to cruelty or ill treatment; but
yet, he has a substantial right, and what is it?
Trace it as you will, it is at'last nothing in the
world but the exclusive property in the time and
labor of that man so long as he shall live. lean
see, so far as the right of propeity is concerned,
no difference whatever between property for life
and property for a given term under contract or
under law.
How that property arose it is not so easy to de-
termine. The publicists tell us that, at the dawn
of civilization, a prisoner of war held his life at
the mercy ot his captor; and, as the latter might
deprive Jus prisoner of life, it lay at his discre-
tion either to kill him or to keep him in life as his
property. Such was certainly the practice in the
earlier days of the Romans. History tells us that
such has always been, and yet continues, the cus-
tom among the negro tribes in Africa. Certainly
there the nauvts sell their own race as slaves;
they sell to each other as they sold to the white
man, while such gales were allowed by the laws
of the w lute man. Thus it was that the ancestors
of those now held in bondage on this continent
brought from Africa with them their condition as
property. How it was acquired there can now be
a subject of conjecture only, and would be an in-
quiry as fruitless as vague. The common law
recognized them as property, and they were treat-
ed and sold as such; the offspring following the
condition of the female parent, (a maxim of the
common law,) made equally slaves of their de-
scendants.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
Virginia to allow me a minute to correct an error
that I made a few moments ago. I stated to the
Senator that he would find,both in Kebleand Sal-
keld, actions of trover maintained at the common
law for a slave. I find that the decision in Salkeld
was not for trover, but for trespass. In Keble,
the decision was trover. Here is the old common
law statement of the case—it is only five or six
lines, and if the Senator will indulge me, I will
read it:
" Butts vs. Penny.
11 Special verdict m trover of ten negroes and a half,
find them usually bought and sold in India, and it'this were
sufficient property, or conversion, was the question. And
Thomson, 011 1 Institutes, 116, for tlie Defendant, said here
could be rio property in the plaintiff more than m Villeins ;
but per Curitim they are by usage tanquam bona, and go to
administrator until they become Christians; and thereby
they are enfranchised: and judgment for the Plaintiff,
Niti, and it lieth of moiety or third part against any stran-
ger, albeit not against the other copartners."— KehWs Re-
potts, vol. 3, p. 785, Trinity Term, 29 Car. ii., B. R.
In Salkeld, the decision was that trespass was
! the proper remedy; the court making the distinc-
tion that villeinage arose from captivity, and il a
man may have trespass quart captivum suum cepit,
but cannot have trover de Gallic.n sun;" he might
maintain an action against his Frenchman whom
he had taken captive and made a slave, but he
could not trover.
"And the court seemed to think thatm trespass quare
captivum mum ct■pit, the plaintiff might give evidence tliat
thep my was hi* negro, and he bought lnm."—Salkeld's
Reports, voi. 2, p. 667.
The court sustained the action of trespass.
Mr. FESSENDEN". J did not hear whether
that was in England or not. It does not say that
the purchase or sale was in England.
Mr. SEWARD. What year was that ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the fourth of Queen
Anne.
" Trover for several things, and among the rest, de uno
JEthiope vocat. a negro, and on not guilty pleaded, verdict
wa* for the plaintiff and seveial damage.-; and as to the
negro 30/. And it was moved in aire^t of judgment, that
trover lays not for a negro, for that the owner had not an ab-
solute property 111 him; he could not kill him as he could an
ox. Contra, it was said piopcrty implies the light ot hav-
ing and enjoying and disposing; but it does not ahvajs im-
ply a power to destioy; that this power holds in beasts,
Jowl, and fish, which were made the property of mankind
by ihe act of God, and have a natural existence, but not in
things incorporeal, which consist hi jure tantum; for this
being a property ex institute only, the owner lias only a
power according to the measure of this instituted right; and
it was instanced m the ease of a common, a way and a
ward. On a ca. sa. the plaintiff has an interest m the body
of the prisoner as a pledge not to sell, but to keep, and it
goes to the cveeutors."— Salkeld's Repo-its, vol. 2, p. 6b7.
This was the argument of counsel. I certainly
will not trench on the time of the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia by reading through the argu-
ment; but the decision in this case was, that tres-
pass would lie, though trover would not. In the
case in Keble, the action was trover, and it was
sustained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not appear where
the action-arose. The courts afterwards made a
distinction on that point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is enough for the pur-
poses of our argument that trover would he for
a negro on the other side of the water by the com-
mon law.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask the Senator from Lou-
isiana if judgment was rendered in the case he
has just read? It was held by the court in the first
instance that trover would he; but afterwards, as
I understand it, as the case is reported in Levinz,
time was taken to consider it, and no judgment
was ever rendered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This a different case. There
are two in 3 Salkeld.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to know where the case
of Butts against Penny is ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In 3 Jvehlc.
Mr. CLARK. Then will the Senator be kind
enough to give me the name of the next case ?
