1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Smith vs. Gould, 2 S&lk-
eld, 667.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator will
allow me to close my remarks, I shall feel obliged
to him, as I am not very well. I shall give the
Senator the floor very soon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to take it at
present.
Mr. MASON. I will not trace the condition of
slavery as belonging to the African, back to the
Bible, because, although I recognize that as the
law which to a great extent governs the relations
between man and man, yet it is not a law which
is to be enforced by any human tribunal. I will
not undertake to say that the African gothis con-
dition of slavery from jure divino, although it has
been so ascribed. It is enough for me that such is
the fact. I know of no race of men now upon the
earth whose original norma! condition was that of
slavery, but the African. You find him precisely
in the same form of slavery in every land, where
he has gone, and at every age of his existence that
you find him in now—at home a slave, abroad
a slave; and when that slavery of the African is
brought within the influences of civilization, we
know, upon the experience of our continent at
least, that it has elevated him very far beyond the
uttermost conceptions of his ancestors in the scale
of being. The African upon this continent, in the
bondage to which he is subjected here, compared
with the African in his own country upon the con-
tinent of Africa, might be compared to the differ-
ence between a high grade of civilization and the
lowest condition of the savage. I will not under-
take to say, or even to suggest, what great ends the
Supreme Ruler of the world may have designed,
and is now executing in the transfer of a portion
of the African race to this continent; but I have
seen what feeble results have been obtained from
the attempt to carry him back to his own conti-
nent. There is a philanthropic society now in
existence, formed some thirty or forty years a go,
originating, I think, with some statesmen of Vir-
ginia, intended to deport the African back to his
own country. I know that the colony which that
society has established has been maintained as a
very feeble colony only by thestrong arm of civ-
ilized power to this day. I know that wherever
the African, even after he has been civilized in
bondage, has been left to himself, he has lapsed
into barbarism and savageism. I cannot, there-
fore, but entertain a hope that there is some great
end to be attained by the Deity wh o rules over all
races, in the subjection of the African to bondage
upon this continent, because I know that whilst in
bondage he improves in civilization, and when he
is freed from bondage, he sinks in the scale of hu-
manity.
Sir, if there are benevolent purposes on the part
of those communities represented by honorable
Senators here, how are they exercised in the at-
tempt to free the African on this continent? Look
at him in their own cities; look at him in any com-
munity where you find the African race free. You
will see of course individual instances where they
have preserved that degree of elevation which they
had attained while slaves; but in successive gen-
erations they lose it; and the great mass of those
who are emancipated, when they are freed from
involuntary servitude, or what is the same thing,
involuntary labor, decay and die out. All the
great incentives that belong to the white race to
improve their condition mentally and physically,
or to rear and educate their families to advance m
civilization, arc utterly lost to the African where
ever he is found amongst the white race, in free-
dom, or not subjected to slavery. He will not
labor. You cannot make him labor by any of the
incentives you can apply to him but the will of a
master. That is the condition of the African race
on this continent, and everywhere where I know
them.
Now, what is proposed? If the African race
were left on this continent to the ordinary laws
of emigration, do we not know, has not our ex-
perience, even in the short time it has been proved
here, established it, that the laws of emigration
are the laws of nature; that the African in bond-
age will go into those climates where his labor is
most productive, or which are most congenial to
his condition ? They cannot exist in a northern
New Series—No. 6.
climate,because their constitutions are not adapt-
ed to it by nature; and if they could, their labor
would be of so little value, compared with their
labor at the South, that they would necessarily
not emigrate there. What purpose, then, have
honorable Senators, or what purpose have their
constituents, in view, in constantly agitating the
public mind on the question of African slavery ? (
They say they have wiped their hands of it, whe n,
in truth, the climate alone has extinguished it in |
their section. They glorify themselves, as Lord
Mansfield did in England, that the air of their
country is so pure that a slave cannot breathe it;
that his shackles fall instantly from his limbs.
We envy not their condition, I assure them.
Why, then, should they seek to interfere with
ours ? Whatever of good, or of ill, belongs to the
relations that subsist between the two races on
this continent is ours, not theirs. The respon-
sibility is with us, not with them. Why is it,
then, that whenever opportunity offers, the whole
public mind throughout this country is vexed and
disturbed and agitated by the question of slavery
—not by us, for we are silent; but by those states-
men who are trying to destroy, or to curtail, or
to impair it; and always in terms of denunciation?
Sir, there is but one reason; and it is exemplified
in the very case before us now. It is a resistance
to that principle of the Constitution which makes
it an element of political power. Take away that,
and I warrant you there will be no more clamor
on the subject of slavery. It is, then, opposition
to a feature of the Constitution; it is opposition
to a part of the compact which brought the States
together, and to that part of the compact without
which the States never could have been brought
together.
The people of the Territory of Kansas have
come before Congress, asking to be admitted into
the Union as a State. All the class of objections
which have been made in the nature of technical
pleading about the frauds in their elections, and
their not submitting the constitution to a popu-
lar vote, are but to mask the great battery which
is directed against the Constitution of the United
States in the representation of African bondsmen.
Strike that feature out of the Constitution, and
there would be no longer objectants to slavery.
We have then before the American people now
a State applying for admission, and entitled to it
by all those relations, and by fulfillment of all the
requisites which have heretofore governed in the
admission of new States, except this one, that
there isa recognition of slavery m its constitution;
and he must indeed be willingly blind to scenes
around him, who does not know that this recog-
nition of slavery alone bars the way to admission.
It is the objection taken to it in the review, the.
very able review, though I think not exactly ac-
cording to history in many of its facts, of the
honorable Senator from New York. It was the
point against which were leveled the arguments
of the honorable Senator from Vermont. Slavery
is the theme, the only theme. Now let us have
it frankly avowed. Here are two States apply-
ing for admission at the same time; and it is un-
derstood that the honorable gentleman who now
represents the Committee on Territories is to pro-
pose, as a substitute for this bill, one that shall
admit both together, the State of Minnesota and
the State of Kansas. Are any objections taken
to Minnesota? I have heard of none. That comes
here as a free State; and, too, with abundance of
irregularity in all that has been done in preparing a
State government. I challenge gentlemen on the
other side now to object to the admission of Min-
nesota because of the irregularity under which
she comes. What has she done? In the first
place, she had no convention at all. A law was
passed by Congress to take the sense of the people,
and provide for a convention to form a constitu-
tion for Minnesota; but she has never executed
that law, because there never was a convention;
but on the contrary, there assembled two bodies,
each claiming to be the convention, with power
to form a constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
undertake to say, much less to show, that the
people of Minnesota, or any majority of the peo-
ple of Minnesota, or any portion ot the people
of Minnesota, object to being admitted into the
Union under this constitution ? That is the dif-
ference in the cases; in the one the people desire
to be admitted.
Mr. MASON. I would answer the honorable
Senator that I am utterly unaware- that any por-
tion of the people of the Territory of Kansas:,obi
ject to being admitted into* the Union; under this
constitution. If youlisten to .popular clamor; to
irresponsible mobs, who undertake to regulate
government, not by law, but in despite of law,
you may say they are unwilling to be admitted;
but I answer the Senator as an American states-
man, that the only way in which the popular
voice should reach him, or can reach me, is
through organs of law. I have yet to hear the
first voice from Kansas objecting to this consti-
tution. However, that shall not disturb the level
of my argument. I want to know whether, when
Minnesota comes, as she will come in the same
bill for admission with Kansas, we shall hear any
objection made as to the irregularity of the pro-
ceedings by which her constitution was framed.
There was no convention in the first place. The
delegates met, and before organization separated
into two parts, and remained separate up to the
day of adjournment. They finally framed a con-
stitution by a committee. These separate bodies,
not claiming to be coordinates, but each claiming
to be the convention, by a committee of-conference
formed a constitution. Some clumsy mode of
that sort was adopted. The instrument was af-
terwards submitted separately to these separate
bodies, and taken by them as the constitution.
Buthere is a still greater irregularity, which Kan-
sas certainly has not attempted; the Territory of
Minnesota has undertaken to elect two Senators
of the United States, who shall be Senators when
Minnesota becomes a State, and has undertaken
to elect three members of the other House of Con-
gress, who shall be members of the other House
provided it shall be found that the law of Con-
gress assigns three members to them. That, it
is true, has been done heretofore. It was done
in the State of California—contested by us—ob-
jected to as irregular and revolutionary; but the
objection was overruled by Congress. I do not
mean to say, in the case of Minnesota, or the case
of California, that the objections were insuper-
able; because, if we admit the State, and admit
the Senators elected before it was a State, our
act of admission may be as good in ratification of
what is done, as if authorized in the first instance.
But I say these irregularities exist, and very great
ones they are.
It is proposed that Kansas and Minnesota shall
be admitted together. I, for one, gratified as I
should be to see the States holding slaves multi-
plying in this Confederacy as rapidly at least as
those not holding slaves, yet seeing the very op-
posite, and that the great increase is to be on the
part of the free States, still am not prepared to
cast my vote against the admission of a State be-
cause it is a free State. I ask honorable Senators
on the other side if they hold the same position
before the American people? The Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who was questioned on that
very point to-day, said it was enough for him to
know that a State was a slave State, to deny her
admission; and I take it that is the spirit and feel-
ing of honorable Senators on the other side who
represent the non-slaveholding States. How then
do we stand? What equality have we in this
Union? The social condition of the slavehold-
iiig States, together with its just and legitimate
expansion, must be preserved as necessary both
to their honor and to their safety. It cannot be,
if the existence of slavery within its borders is
enono-h to preclude its admission as a member or
the Federal Union. What do honorable Senators
on the other side intend ? Do they intend to force
the people of the southern States to put an end to
this Confederacy? Answer us that. Wo have
the occasion before us now in which almost avow-
edly you refuse to admit another State because it
is a slaveholding State. How far you will suc-
ceed I do not know, but that is the purpose. We
have been admonished by the honorable Senator
from New York that when the time comes which
he anticipates when his friends get into power,
there shall be no further admission of slave States,
That honorable Senator announced in exulting
tones, but I think rather in advance o.f the fact,
that the battle had been fought and already won.
