82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
The battle, ho said, was to give the numerical pre-
ponderance to the free States, because the States
are equally represented on this floor, and that was
already attained. That battle is foughtand won.
This is a very significant warning. What are to
be the fruits of victory? He shadowed them out
to some extent. One branch of the Government,
the judiciary, stands in his path,orin the way of
his party. That branch is to be reorganized, re-
constructed, or,as the honorable Senatorcxplains
jt now, popularized. I would say to that honor-
able Senator, though in no exulting tones, how-
ever, that so far as I can read the public mind of
this country, the battle is not fought, far less is it
won.
What do we see ? For the first time in forty
years, it is proclaimed on this floor, you shall have
no more slave States. That is the direct issue be-
fore us in this Kansas question, notwithstanding
the mist which some have endeavored to throw
around it. That battle is now depending. It is
neither fought nor won. I will not undertake to
say how it will result; but I do know that although
friends around me from the northern States have
been told on the other side there is not a man
amongst them who will survive a vote for the ad-
mission of Kansas, they are prepared to do it,
and take the consequences. If it be trap, that to
vote for the admission of another slave State into
this Confederacy is to consign the representative
to political death, it will take no prophet to tell
how long this Union will hold together.
But what do they want? What do they pro-
pose when they get the Government—if they
should get it? We have three million slaves in
the southern States. As my honorable and elo-
quent colleague said the other day, they are oper-
ating there as the means of culture and civilization
upon the swamps and morasses and wilderness of
the southern country. They are contributing more
than any other laboring population known at this
day, to the promotion and the extension of all the
great benefits resulting from the highest civiliza-
tion. What do you propose ? What is to be done
with these three million slaves when the Gov-
ernment passes into your hands? To manifest
the elevated purposes of ynnr philanthropy, they
are to be set free and returned Jo barbarism, and
that country wlueh they have redeemed by their
labor, a country that no other labor could redeem,
is to be consigned to its original desolation of
swamps and wilderness and morass ! That is the
result of your theory; that is to be the result of
this high philanthropy and benevolence by which
you claim to be actuated.
Mr. President, if the States and the people of
the .States would only took at things as they are,
they would see that we have a continent here pe-
culiarly titled for that priceless form of govern-
ment which we have adopted, and a Government
equally fitted for the continent. There was an
impression, I know, actuating the minds of many
of our eaily statesmen, that our forms of goveni-
mentwere not susceptible of expansion, but that,
in course of tunc, by its very expansion, the
Government would break to pieces of its own
weight. So far as I can read the great mission
of populai government upon this continent, the
very leverse is to be the result. If there be a
Government on earth that is susceptible of 111-
deiinite eNpanston.it is the Government of these
 St;Ues. What are they? A confederation of equal
sovereigns, each member of the Confederacy a
separate organized political community; and", if
one or more should fall from the Confederacy, at
the very instant of the severance such State would
be a perfect whole, and ill the immediate exercise
of every function that pertains to government—
teres atquc rutundns—an executive, a legislative,
a judiciary department, organized with officers
capable of exercising every function of independ-
ent | ovver; hardly requiring any additional legis-
tioi. iiut what might be necessary to make pro-
vi.ii a for foreign intercourse. If the American
mind could only be brought to look 011 this Gov-
ernment in its true character, and remit to the
Slates what belongs to them—the exclusive juris-
diction of their own affairs within their owii lim-
its—not interfering with them, but adhering to the
behests of the Constitution, and administering i;
only those great Federal powers which were con- !j
ferred upon the common Government for the com-1|
mon good of the whole, in the administration of
which, appropriately done, there would be no in-
terference or collision with State authorities: what
would be the result? State after State might come
into the Union; they might expand, as they have
done, from thirteen to thirty-one and to sixty-one
and to one hundred and one; and they would all
revolve as harmoniously around their common
orbit, the Federal Government, as did the original
thirteen; susceptible of expansion to any extent,
and stronger as they expanded. And as if to an-
ticipate such expansion in the advancement of the
arts of civilized life, the telegraphs and railroads
of modern construction lend their powerful aid
to bind them together by agencies that annihilate
time and space.
What then is proposed ? To get a political party
into power by crushing out of existence one of the
greatest agencies of civilization that the world has
ever known—destroying not only the constitu-
tional, but the domestic harmony, that fraternal
regard, that should ever actuate citizens of a com-
mon country. Violence and discord, detraction
and calumny, are badly calculated to promote good
will or to retain communities in friendly relations.
If the great American mind could only be made
to realize what would be the condition of things
if their public agents were kept within the limits
of constitutional control, they would see, as I
sometimes venture (I hope without Utopian vis-
ion) to contemplate this Government extended
over a confederation of States, the number of
which shall be limited only by the boundless
expanse of a continent stretching from sea to sea;
State after State entering the Union; and each
received with that cordial welcome which should
signalize the access of a new confederate of com-
mon lineage, ranging side by side under a common
destiny. To what may we not aspire if this great
and prosperous Confederacy can be preserved ?
But if it must be otherwise, let the responsibility
rest where impartial history shall assign it.
Mr. CLARK obtained the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to make a suggestion.
I propose that the lunate take a recess for two
hours, and then reassemble for the discussion
which may be desired. I submit that motion.
Mr. FESSEN URN. I should like to ask the
Senator, so as to have an understanding about
this matter, at what hour he intends that we shall
resume our session?
Mr. GREEN. Half past six o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After we meetagain, how
long does he design to sit?
Air. GR.HEN. I presume as long as we can
well indulge in debate. I apprehend there will be
no difficulty. I do not suppose there will be a
jvote to-ni^ht.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it intended to push it
to an unreasonable hour to-nisrht?
Mr. GREEN. I want to afford the fullest op-
portunity for debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves that the Senate take a recess un-
til half past six o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that motion is not
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear a suggestion from the Senator on the point
of order.
Mr. STUART. It is not competent, I think,
for a Senator to move that the Senate take a re-
cess. That question has been submitted very
ofien since I have been 111 the body, and it has
always been decided that it could not be done
without unanimous consent. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I differ with the Senator from
Michigan entirely. There is nothing in the rules
topreventthe Senate takingarecessfortwohours.
It has been done repeatedly in the two Houses.
It contravenes no rule of this body, and does not
require unanimous consent. The Senator is en-
tirely mistaken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present mo-
tion is to adjourn. When that shall be disposed
of the Chair will decide, if it be necessary, the
point of order raised by the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. BIGLER. called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn; and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I have some delicacy as to
voting on the question. On Saturday last one of
the Senators from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] re-
ceived the distressing news of the severe illness
of his son, and asked me to pair off with him on
the Kansas question. I agreed to do so. I am
in doubt whether I ought to vote on this motion.
This is not the Kansas question. The difficulty
I have is, whether, on his return, he may not think
that I ought to have refrained from voting. I
shall therefore decline to vote; but I do not believe
that I am bound to refuse voting. I do so out of
respect to what may be the views of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. DURKEE. I desire to say that I have
paired off.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] desired to go away for an hour
or two, and I agreed not to vote on any question
connected with this matter until his return, unless
my vote should be necessary to make a quorum.
I desire also to state that the Senator from Texas
[Mr. Henderson] has paired off with the Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 17, nays
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Crit-
tenden, Doolittle, Fesscnden, Foster, Hamhn, Harlan,
Houston, King, Seward. Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, and
Wilson—]7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bavard, Benjamin, Biggs, Biglcr,
I3n«ht, Clav, Fitch, Green, Gwin? Hammond, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mason,
Polk, Fugh, Sebastian, Siulell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and VVught—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question recurs
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, that
the Senate take a recess for two hours. The Sen-
ator from Michigan raises a question of order on
that motion.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Missouri that he allow the Senator from
New Hampshire, as he has the floor, to go on.
Mr. GR.EEN. I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say, while I am up,
that, on examination of the condition of affairs in
the Senate, I find there are fourteen speeches to
be made against this bill by men who have not
spoken, and some half a dozen, at least, I think,
for it. Now, it seems to me to be wrong for the
sixteen gentlemen who have addressed the Senate
upon this question at proper hours, now to force
gentlemen, who have as good a claim to address
the Senate as they can have, into unseemly hours
of the night. By remaining here in the Senate
steadily during the proper hours, the debate can
be closed in seven, or eight, or ten days. I see
no reason why wc should be pressed in this mat-
ter, as there is no disposition here, there hay been
no disposition shown, to make any factious oppo-
sition; and I claim that the Senators who have
notspoken have as good a right to be heard during
proper hours as those who have addressed the
Senate. 1 trust that those Senators who have
been allowed, in the proper business hours of the
Senate, to speak to this body, and to the country,
will not vote to press others into midnight hours.
There ie no hurry for pressing tlus mattei through
the Senate, or through Congress, with such haste.
Mr. BIIOWN. I wish to say a word m reply
to the Senator from Massachusetts. If Senators
have not spoken in proper hours, whose fault is
it? For several weeks we have been adjourned
over, against our protests, from Thursday until
Monday.
Mr. WILSON and others. Only once.
Mr. BROWN. Well, say onee. It certainly
has been attempted more than that. The other
side of the Chamber has been continually urging
adjournments from day to day, and at the earliest
possible hours. I bplong to the number who have
already spoken. I spoke at an early day; but
certainly there have been abundant opportunities
for other gentlemen to speak, if they had chosen
to do it. We arc now far advanced m the session
—far advanced in the fourth month of the session;
and yet this bill has stood in the way of every
other measure befoie Congress, and it is univer-
sally admitted that it will stand in the way until
it is disposed of. Here, in the middle of the
fourth month of the session, we are asked to ad-
journ from day to day in a spirit of courtesy to
