34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
generation—how suggestive the thought—the
truth that—
" When fame's loud tramp hath blown its noblest blast,
Though loud the sound, the echo sleeps at last;
And glory, like the phcenix 'midst the fives,
Exhales her odors, blazes and expires."
" What shadows we are, and what shadows
we pursue!" How transitory pleasures! How
unsubstantial honors ! The <jnly hope to the wise
and the good—the virtuous good—on this earth,
with all their aspirations for honorable place—
and such aspirations are to be great only so far
as they arc good—is the hope, the day-star of
promise, that hereafter the dust of these bodies,
like the ashes of that same fabled phoenix, is to
be quickened into newness of life in a future ex-
istence, where to each shall be measured out
according to the deeds done here in the body;
where there shall be no more strife, no more
pain, no more death, but never-ending immortal-
ity. I second the resolutions.
M,r. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to express my cordial concurrence in the
resolutions which have been reported from your
table. They announce to us the sad intelligence
of the decease of the venerable and distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, whom to know
was to admire—whom to hear was to learn wis-
dom.
It is no part of my purpose to refer to those
minute characteristics of the deceased, or those
amiable and affectionate traits in domestic life
which give such completeness to human charac-
ter. I speak only of whatl know. My acquaint-
ance with the deceased Senator commenced some
eight years ago, when upon entering this body I
found himin the other branch of the Legislature,
associated with his preeminently distinguished
colleague, Mr. Calhoun. The mournful obse-
quies attending the death of that illustrious man
are still deeply impressed upon my reflection,
and hardly less so the fact that in the short space
of two months the successor of Mr. Calhoun,
the lamented Elmore, followed him to the world
of spirits. And now another Senator from the
same State has responded to the all-compelling
summons, and has joined those his illustrious
compeers, in the chambers of the dead. Yetnot
among the Senators only of South Carolina has
the hand of death been at work—it has stricken
down also numbers of her sons in this House.
Fortunate, indeed, though bereaved, are that
people who have such wealth of eminent citizens
to lose!
In the death of Judge Butler, not his constitu-
ents alone, but the wliole country has sustained
a heavy loss« He was, in the best and fullest
sense of the word, a patriot. Hn man possessed
of so many generous and noble qualities could be
other than a patriot. To a nice and intuitive
sense of justice, he added upon all occasions a
matured judgment, formed upon careful examina-
tion and reflection. Unaffected and unostenta-
tious as he entirely was, ho possessed an originat-
ing mind, cultivated and adorned by the most
extensive reading and classical study. His amia-
bility of temper and large conversational powers
made him a most agreeable companion and favorite
in every circle in which he moved. To the art-
less simplicity of a child, was joined in him a
firmBess of purpose far above the reach of flattery
or intimidation. Ilis motives were always right,
his actions magnanimous, and his heart beat full
with manly emotions and sensibilities. He at-
tained great influence, not by lengthy and elab-
orate speeches, but by addressing himself with
clearness, force, and earnestness directly to the
point. He never sought advantages by indirec-
tion, but relied upon the justness of his opinions
and the force of legitimate argument for success.
In all the qualities and qualifications which con-
stitute a pure and able statesman, and an honor-
able and virtuous citizen, the deceased Senator
might be safely taken as a model; find with such
a model, how few, how very few, will equal—how
many, how very many, will fall below it.
The great American statesmen who, for a gen-
eration, have, like faithful sentinels, been guard-
ing the lines of the Republic, and protecting it from
dangers withoutand within,are fastpassing away.
"While each successive year adds to the moral and
material wealth, and to the power and renown
of our extended and happy country, those great
lights, who have watched over, guided and ad-
vanced these developments through the dark and
trying hours of our political night, disappear like
the twinkling jewels from God's firmament, be-
fore the coming brightness of day.
t£ Oh! 'tis sad, in that moment of glory and song,
To see, while the hill-tops are waiting the sun,
The glittering band that kept watch all night long
O'er love and o'er slumber, go out one by one.'
Thus, oblivion, from midst of whose shadow we came,
Steals o'er us again when life's twilight is gone,
And the crowd of bright names, in the heaven of fame,
Grow pale and are quenched as the years hasten on."
But, sir, while we thus bear tribute to the
virtues ojthe illustrious dead we are admonished,
by these constantly recurring events, that-we
too are^mortal. But a few months or years, at
most, and we shall leave these stirring scones of
life, to be seen no more on earth forever. How
vain, how foolish, then, are all our strifes and
struggles here if prompted by love of power, or
low, personal ambition. Let us learn wisdom
from the contemplation of these things, and, fol-
lowing the example of him whose death we now
deplore, look only to the welfare of our common
country and our race. Let us be true to our-
selves, and we cannot be unjust to any man. Let
us seek only for that honorable and honest fame
which results from a faithful discharge of all our
duties, both public and private. We shall thus
leave a record and a character of which our chil-
dren will never be ashamed, and of which our
country may well be proud:
" So live, that when thy summons comes to join
The innumerable caravan which moves
To that mysterious realm where each shall take
His chamber in the silent halls of death,
Thou go not, like the quarry slave at night,
Scourged to his dungeon, but, sustained"and soothed
Ity tin unfaltering trust, approach thy grave
Like one who wraps the diapery of Ins couch
About hun, and lies down to pleasant dieams."
Mr. GOODE. Mr. Speaker, in coming for-
ward to mingle in these solemn ceremonies—
these funeral rites—it is not my purpose to sketch
the history of the distinguished man whose vir-
tues wo commemorate, whose death we mourn.
I shall not direct attention even to the prominent
incidents in' his useful life—this has been done by
one from whom it appropriately came. I shall
not attempt to pronounce his eulogy; that eulogy
is indelibly inscribed on the heart of every man
who knew him. I come to perform the last sad,
solemn offices of friendship; I come to express
my sorrow for the dead, my admiration of his
virtues, my affection for his person while yet
he lived—my reverence for his memory now that
ho is gone.
Fouryearshavepassed sinccl assumed towards
Judge Butler the relation of an intimate friend.
Before that time I knew him only as he was known
to the world. We then became inmates of the
same household, members of the same domestic
circle. We lived together to the close of the last
Congress, when we parted to meet on earth no
more; and throughout that long- term,and in that
most intimate relation, I saw everything to admire
and to love.
His social and convivial qualities, his powers of
conversation, his cheerful disposition, his humor,
wit, learning, taste, and inexhaustible fund of
anecdote, charmed and fascinated in all his public
intercourse with men; but it was in the privacy
of domestic life—it was in the sanctity of his
home, that ho revealed the noble nature and those
high, endearing qualities which seized upon the
heart and captivated the affections.
I speak not of the powers of his mind; the bril-
liancy of his intellect; his successes in the political
arena;nor his aptitude for the great theater of life.
On these the world will pass its judgment. I
speak not of the extent of his learning; the char-
acter of his attainments; his elegant accomplish-
ments ; nor the delicacy and refinement of his
tastes. These,too, were open to public criticism.
I follow him to the seclusion of domestic life. I
follow him to his inmost home, where the real
nature stood revealed, to offer my homage to his
heart; that ever kind and generous heart; that ever
pure and noble nature; over kind to friends, ever
generous to foes.
The point of honor and the standard of benev-
olence never ranged higher in the human soul. In
private intercourse, he was painfully sensitive to
the sufferings of others, regardful of their feelings,
attentive to their most delicate sensibilities, and
cautiously avoided every topic which by possi-
bility could pain. And if, perchance, he ever
wounded, he felt whathe inflicted, and was prompt
to extract the barb.
He was ever true and truthful—trusty and
faithful; kind to the dependent, liberal to the
poor, condescending to the humble; frank, manly,
respectful, and courteous to equals; sincere and
cordial with his friends—kind, generous, and
magnanimous to all; his life was a beautiful illus-
tration of the aphorism, that pleasure consists in
giving pleasure.
In the stern contests and sharp conflicts of life,
the instinct of mind and the incentive of patriot-
ism called out the inherent energies of his being.
In defense of his beloved State, in defense of his
native South, in defense of his country and the
Constitution, he struck boldly and with all his
might. But victory achieved, his sympathies re-
sponded to the groan of the vanquished; he was
eager to bind up the wounds of the fallen, and
minister relief to the distressed.
Sir, I have seen him in the relations of civil
and social life, in prosperity and adversity, in
the fulness of joy, and the bitterness of grief. I
have seen him in the Senate Chamber pouring
out the volume of native eloquence, with listening
throngs hanging on the accents of his manly voice.
I have seen him in the brilliant social circle " the
observed of all observers"—-charming all with
the beauties and graces of conversation. I have
gone with him to his home, to witness there his
expansive benevolence — softening the cares,
soothing the sorrows, cheering the gloom, or
lighting up the joys of those whom he loved. I
have seen him bending over the bed of sickness,
tenderly ministering to its painful wants, and
whispering consolation to the sufferer. And, sir,
I have seen him in the gloomy chamber of death,
gazing on the cold corpse of the friend who was
dearest to his heart, writhing in his own agony,
till, clasping to his bosom the lifeless form, he
sobbed forth the wail of unutterable woe. In
every varying circumstance of life I saw him a
noble specimen of his race.
Sir, I forbear—I have gone too far. You will
pardon the enthusiasm of friendship. 1 but feebly
express what I forcibly feel. Knowing the good-
ness of his heart, and the nobleness of his nature
—loving the man and revering his memory, I
stand a sincere and sorrowing mourner at the
grave of Andrew Pickens Butler.
The resolutions were then unanimously agreed
to; and the House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 15, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. D. 1J. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter dated May 30, 1857, from Peter
Parker, United States Commissioner to China,
transmitting regulations for the consular courts
of the United States in China, in pursuance of
the act of Congress of August 11,1843, for such
revision as Congress may deem expedient; which
was, on motion of Mr. Mason, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Also, a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting the annual statement required by the
act of May 3, 1820, showing balances of appro-
priations standing upon the books of the Second
Comptroller's office, to the credit of the Interior
Department, on July 1,185G; the amounts appro-
priated by Congress for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1857; and the aggregate amounts appli-
cable to the service of that fiscal year; also, the
amounts drawn from these appropriations or car-
ried to the surplus fund July 1,1856, to June 30,
1857, and the balances remaining in the Treasury
at the last named date; which, on motion of Mr.
Mason, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, the laws passed at the third session of
the Legislative Assembly of Nebraska Territory,
which was held at Omaha City, January 5,1857;
together with the Journals of the Legislative As-
sembly; which, on motion of Mr. Mason, were
ordered to lie on the table.
