1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15.
Congress abolishing the military asylum at Har-
rodsburg, in Kentucky. Since that, I have re-
ceived several communications, and I am told that
there have been communications also received by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
faire, showing a most gross abuse of the purpose
of Congress, ana of the fund which is created by
a tux on the soldiers' pay.
In the military establishment of this city, the
pensioners are made menial servants of the offi-
cers, subjected to military discipline, fed just as
they would be if they were in the deserts of Utah,
arbitrarily fined if they take an apple from the
ground, or a cucumber from the vines, which are
bought with their own money, together with the
asylum which Congress has furnished, and for
which they pay. It costs $600 a year for each
man at this asylum; and yet the men are stinted
and treated worse than they could be in any desert
in which they might be put. But while they are
thus robbed, the officers, as will appear by this
report, have had double pay—their pay in the
Army, and their pay as superintendents. The
money of the men has been taken to make splen-
did accommodations for entertaining the Presi-
dent of the Uqited States and the Secretary of
War last summer, so as to blind their eyes and
get them, to wink at the gross frauds which are
perpetrated on these old soldiers. I will submit
the resolution to tile Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and if they will go into it, they will find a
system of abuse in this city, right under the very
nose of Congress, that ought to make every man
ashamed. The case would be bad enough if it
were the public money and the public funds that
were thus used; but these men are not dependent
on the charities of the Government, for it is their
own money of which they are robbed to feast and
entertain military officers, the President of the
United States, and the Secretary of War, and
these poor old creatures are subjected to hard
work, and compelled to menial services and me-
nial offices for the officers. If an old man, perhaps
eighty years of age, happens to be guilty of any
dereliction, he is fined. In addition to gross mis-
appropriation of his money by fines and exor-
bitant exactions, he is'again defrauded. I hope
the resolution will pass and the inquiry be made.
The resolution was agreed to.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, I move to take up the unfinished
special order.
Mr. WADE. I am re^dy to go on at any time.
It makes no difference to me.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission
of the Slate of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODER1CR. Will the Senator from
Ohio yield for a moment?
Mr. WADE. I will yield, sir; but I hardly
want to get postponed as long as I was the other
day, for I am very anxious to finish my remarks
on this subject. I will yield, sir.
Mr. KRODER1CK. When the Senate ad-
journed, Mr. President, on Saturday, I stated that
Judge Douglas would be in his seat to-day, for
the purpose of replying to the speech made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. I saw the Jud^e
yesterday, and he informed me that he would be
here to-day if his doctor would permit him to
leave his room. I have just received a letter from
him, in which he states that it will be impossible
for him to be in the Senate to-day, but he will try
to be here to-morrow or the following day. By
that time, I suppose, as the speech of the Senator
from Pennsylvania has been reported, the Senator
from Illinois will have been able to see what was
stated by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
While I am up,! desire to call the attention of
the Senate to a paragraph which 1 find in the New-
York Herald, a paper that has a very large circu-
lation, I suppose the largest of any paper in the
Union. It is m these words:
"Quite a personal wrangle occm red in tlm Senate to-day
between messrs. bigi,c:tap.d orodekick. Mr. Broderick
took exception to remarks made by Mr. 13igleruj reference
to Mi. Douglas,'who detained at home by sickness, and
asked timt the tienate adjourn, in oider to give Dolums an
oppon unity to vindicate {um^clf'fiom this insidious attack.
Sir. Kioler promptly rebuked the Senator from California
for i;i« impel licence, and here tiv? matter ended,"
Now, sir, I did not think on Saturday that I
received any rebuke from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, or from any other Senator upon this
floor. I have never yet received a rebuke in this
Chamber, and I hope I never shall. I try to con-
duct myself here as becomes a Senator. It can-
not be possible that the man who wrote this par-
agraph was present when the debate took place
on Saturday If he was present he has fabricated
a deliberate falsehood, which is unbecoming in
any one who is entitled to privileges in this Cham-
ber as a reporter. I am sure that when the editor
of that paper finds out that this paragraph is un-
true, he will correct the erroneous statement. I
thought it proper to direct the attention of the Sen-
ate to this subject to avoid misapprehension.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield the floor.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I suppose I must.
Mr. BIGLER. I rise, Mr. President, simply
to set myself right in reference to the debate of
Saturday, not to account for this newspaper para-
graph. 1 know nothing about it, ana of course
no Senator is responsible for what is said in the
newspapers. There is scarcely a day of my life
that I do not see some unaccountable statement
in them. What I feel it due to myself to say is,
that I came into the Chamber on Saturday, after
the question, to which I then referred, had been
in some way suggested. I spoke under mistaken
apprehensions of what had been said. I am sat-
isfied from what I know now, that if I had been
in my seat I should not have felt required to take
notice of what passed.
Now, sir, an additional remark, and one only;
and that is as legards the relations of the Senator
from Illinois and myself. I certainly was not sen-
sible of making any attack upon him, or saying
what could be understood as offensive. 1 rose
for the purpose of defending myself against what
I thought was an imputation on what I had pre-
viously said on the unpleasant topic under con-
sideration. I am not in the least disposed, in the
absence of the Senator from Illinois, to say any-
thing on this question, or any other, that 1 would
not say in his presence; and I feel satisfied that,
when that honorable Senator and myself discuss
this question, if ever we do discuss it, or any
other, the Senator from California will be con-
vinced that we are each controlled by honorable
bearing and manly motives. We have a difference
of opinion on this question, but I do not know
that we haveanything more unpleasant, and I did
not intend to be offensive to the Senator from Illi-
nois in his absence, but to say what I thought
was just to myself.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, when I alluded
on Satuiday to that enabling act, which was
called the Toombs bill, I had no idea that I was
about to wake up so many reminiscences as I have,
in almost every direction in this Chamber. I
called attention to it, not with any purpose what-
ever of raising any question over the manner in
which a clause in that bill seemed to have been
stricken out. I do not care who struck it out; I
do not care what deliberations were had about it.
The reason, and the only reason, why I alluded
to it was,that I thought the Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in calling attention to it,
had given it a consequence to which it was not
entitled; and I had some observations that I
thought proper to make on that point. But the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] al-
ways exceedingly jealous of any imputation as
to his differing with the President on any ques-
tion, supposed that some one was about arraign-
ing him for a departure from the Democratic faith
on this subject. Now, sir, I should have been
the last man in the world to suspect him of any
such thing. I supposed he and the President
were just as much alike as the Siamese twins.
[Laughter.] I supposed what one thought the
other thought; what befel one always befel the
other at the same time. I have no doubt that he
is always orthodox. I hardly know from his re-
marks who was the great discoverer of this im-
proved idea of popular sovereignty. The Presi-
dent, to be sure, tells us that, in regard to sub-
mitting constitutions to the people, he formerly
held that this constitution must be submitted to
the people of Kansas, to the whole people; and
that they must have a fair opportunity to vote on
it, and must not be interrupted by fraud or vio-
lence; but in his late message he tells us that his
mind at that period was fixed entirely on the
slavery clause; he did not think of anything else.
I understand the Senator from Pennsylvania to
have declared on Saturday that he formerly field
that a constitution certainly should be submitted
to the people for their approval or dissent; but he
also observed that he, like the President, when
he said so, thought of nothing except the slavery
clause. I do not know but that it may be pru-
dent, in the view of some, to withhold the whole
of a constitution from the consideration of the peo-
ple who are to live under it at the time. It might
be an overdose; it might be a little too much for
the stomachs of the people to take a whole con-
stitution; and if the people are not to judge of it,
who can do it better than. Doctor Buchanan, or
the Senator from Pennsylvania? They give it to
the people by clauses; they suppose there £re
some things too high for the consideration of the
people, when they conic to investigate a constitu-
tion. There are other matters, if I understand
them, which it is safe to intrust the people with,
and they are to be the judges of what shall be sub-
mitted.
But, sir, I was led to this course of remark
from the zeal of gentlemen to define their positions
on this subject. I suppose it is a principle of the
Democratic party always fco be in line with the
President on all subjects. I suppose if he takes
snuff, every true Democrat ought to sneeze, or
else be read out of the party; and I suppose all
true Democrats are willing to do that. I have
taken it for granted that such would be the fact.
But I will state my object m calling attention to
the Toombs bill. I was not invited into the fa-
mous council where all the clauses of that bill
were taken under consideration, and yet I doubt
not that I understand it just about as well as they
did, and they will correct me if I do not state it
aright. A bill admitting Kansas under what was
called the Topeka constitution had lately passed
the House of Representatives, at the period at
which the Toombs biil was framed. It was sent
here; and this body had voted it down. The Re-
publicans voted for it, and the Democracy voted
against it. We were outnumbered, and the To-
peka constitution was killed. As the presidential
campaign was approaching, it did not look ex-
actly right, considering the commotions that had
taken place m Kansas Territory, that, after voting
down the proposition the people of the Territory
had given you, you should go into the canvass
without substituting anything for it. If 1 was to
guess now, I should think that council was held
for the purpose of getting up a very plausible
measure, which they knew the Republicans would
have to vote against, and which could not pass the
House of Representatives, and which would be a
very good thing to take on the stump in the can-
vass. My opinion is, that that is about all the
importance that is to be attached to what was
called the Toombs bill.
I do not care much what clauses it had in it. It
was plausible enough on its face, I know, except
in this particular; and I was off my guard in re-
lation to it. I did not look to see whether it had
that or not; I did not care whether it had it or not.
I knew then, as now, that the Administration had
everything their own way in that Territory; and
when you provided for officers to execute your
law, if it were made by an angel from heaven, it
would be perverted to the very worst of purposes,
and it would be turned into a party channel that
could not be got rid of. I knew that was so, and
I voted against the bill because no bill could be
properly, justly, and equitably carried outin the
Territory under the officers who then presided
there. It gave the Democratic party a little ad-
vantage over us, because our ideas were not patent
on the face of the bill, and people would prob-
ably look to its language more than they would
to the circumstances prevailing in the Territory,
which rendered it exceedingly inexpedient that
anybody should then vote for the immediate or-
ganization of the Territory into a State under the
officers who were to take charge of it.
The Senator from Louisiana alluded to it as
a reproach to the Republicans here that they did
not vote for it, as though it was an olive branch
held out by the Democracy that we refused, and
the people there refused. He intimated that while
we professed to wish that something might be
done to make peace in the Territory, and give th#
