THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COx\TGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 17, 1358.
Inew Series. .. .No. 135.
The SPEAKER. The rule applies to members.
Ml*. GROW, i move that the gentleman be ,
discharged, on the payment of fees. !
The question was taken; and the motion was ;
agteed to. i
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that I may be ex- ;
cuscd, with my colleague, [Mr. White,] from ■
attendance here for the next three or four hours, i
I trust that that courtesy will be extended to me. ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-1
sylvania desires to be absent for two or three hours, }
to fulifi! an engagement. i
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I object. '
The SPEAKER The Chair will pnttheques- '
tion to the House. ;
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask that I may j
be excused from attendance. ;
The SPEAKER. For two or three hours ? '
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. No, sir; that will ;
nor answer my puipose. I ask to be excused from j
attendance duiing this sitting. i
The question was taken; and the motion was j
agreed to. j
Mr. MOORE asked to be excused; but subse-!
ouently withdrew the motion. i
TheSPEAKER. Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, you ,
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. What reason have you
to submit for vour absence ' '
Mr. WILSON. 1 remained here up to the
usual hour of adjournment, and then went home
to answer some letters which could no longer be
delayed. They were letters in which my con-
stituents were interested. So soon as I heard that
there wa« a call of the House, I came here.
Mr. LEITER,. i move that the gentleman be
discharged from custody on payment of the fees.
The question was taken; anil the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Stewart, of Pennsyl-
vania, you have been arrested and brought to the
bar of the House in consequence of having ab-
sented youisilf fiom its w;ttu,gs without its per-
mission. What reason have you to assign fur
your absence r
Mr. STEWAP. of Pennsylvania. A friend
of nunc mine here from the district winch I rep-
resent, and his business here required my pres-
ence with him. I paired off wtii the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] to be absent for
a shoi t time. 1 returned to the House, and found
that there had been a call of the House. 1 meant
no disrespect to the House by my absence fiom
its sittings.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the gentleman
be discharged from custody on the payment of
fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER,. Mr. Purmantf.. of Penn-
sylvania, you have been arrested and brought to
the bar of the House for being ab- -nt from its
sittings without its permission. What reason
have you to assign for your absence?
Mr. PURYIANCE. 1 believe that I have not
been absent a single day during tins session, but
a portion of this day. and about a week, when I
wont home to attend the funeral of my mother.
This afternoon, after four o'clock, 1 v."as absent
a short tone from the House. When f wl.s re-
turning, I met some members in the rotunda
of the old Capitol, and they informed me that the
House had adjourned. 1 then went Lrick to my
boardin^-hou.sc. If u had not been for that mis-
information, 1 would have been here in my seat,
as usual.
Mr. WINSLOW. In consideration of the pe-
culiar eljaiYu ter of the gentleman 5s excuse, 1 move
that he be discharged fiom custody on the pay-
ment of fees. [Laughter ]
Mr. PURVIANCE. i ask to be excused alto-
gether.
The question was tak-m on Mr. YVinslow's
motion, and it was agreed to.
13.5
The SPEAKER. Mr. Kuskel, of Pennsyl-
vania. You have been arrested and brought to
the bar of the House for absence from its sittings
without its permission. What reason have you
to assign for that absence?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I was in
committee at ten o'clock this morning; shortly
after four o'clock this afternoon 1 went horn * with
my colleague. The bills upon the Piivatc Calen-
dar were almost all objected to; and a motion to
adjourn was made which I was under the impres-
sion would be earned. On my return, I met a
number of gentlemen in the old Capitol, coming
from the House, who informed me that the House
had adjourned.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the gentleman
be dischaiged on the payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. Granger being at the bar of the House—
The SPEAKER. Mr. Ga you have
been arrested and brought before the bar of the
House for having absented yourself from the sit-
tings of the House, without the permission of the
House. What reason have you to assign for
your absencer
Mr. GR.ANGRR. I have but little excuse to
make. I was a little unwell, but I will not offer
that as an excuse. 1 went down to get a cup of
tea; and 1 repented, and came back; and now I
tlnow myself on the mercy of the court. [Laugh-
lei.]
Mr. STANTON. I desire to state that I latclv
visited the gentleman from New York, and found
hun 111 bed; and J am veiy well satisfied that his
health is such that he ought not to lemam here
during long sessions; I then fore move that he be
discharged on payment of fees.
The question was taken,and Mr. Granger was
discharged.
TheSPEAKER. Mr. Ready.
Mr. READY. J have been 111 session with my
committee from ten o'clock till half past four.
When the committee adjourned, I .stepped out,
and a member of mv family being indisposed, I
thought I had better go homo to see how that
member wns coming on, and to get a little re-
freshment. While t'lete, I met wi:n the chairman
of mv comni"tce and another gentleman, and 1
asked if the House had adjourned. One o[ them
promptly answered in the affirmative. My re-
turn ng In re, was wholiy accidental. I had foi-
gotten some ke\Ts in my desk, whiJi it was im-
pOi tantlot me to have. I n-turned hero tor them,
and the first I km w of the House being in ses-
sion, was when I was met at the door by the
Dooi keeper
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the gentlem m be
excused.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that he be excused
on the payment of costs.
Mi. GPJJW. If the gentleman from Tennes-
see says that he left here because one of the mem-
bers of his family was hick, i would be in favoi
of excusing lorn.
All. READY. I will not sav that that was the
sole reason.
The question was taken; and Mr. R':ady was
excused on the pavment of fees.
The SPE \ KER. Mr. Wwe, of Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Mr. Speaker, [ am pleased to s<-.e
that my services in this House ate becoming bet-
ter b.ppieciated. I v/as here ail the dey (hnng all ni
my power for the good of the country, as 1 tiio 'got.
I went out for a moment to ui mer, and was ic-
turmng, when] met mv colleague. Mr. Nichols,
on the steps of the rotunda. 1 a-^ked iiim if the
1 IIou^c had adjourned ond he seid it bed; and.
1 thereupon I tuimo around and wenf back again,
to my lodging—but, after a wi)j:,j> i found there
was ,1 more efa-etiuit calhng on me
Mr. CLEMENS. I move thai- the gentleman
be discharged on the payment offers.
I Tint qiv stion was taken; and the motion was
' agreed to.
j The SPEAKER. Mr. Palmcii, of New York,
I Mr. PALMER. I urn pleased to see such
praiseworthy determination on the part of gentle-
men around me to enforce the attendance of mem-
bers; but, for myself, 1 will say, that since I took
my seat' here, on the 7th of December, I have not
been absent fiom the House one day. Sick or
well, I have been m my seat. To-day when the
usual hour for dinner arrived, apprehending a
long session, and not being able to remain here
till six o'clock without refreshment, I went down
to dinner, and when I came back 1 found the
doors closed.
Mr. BLISS. I move that the gentleman be
discharged on the payment of fees.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, (at twenty-eight
minutes past six o'clock, p. m.) I move that ihe
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. 1 thought it was understood that
we should go through with the call.
Mr. LEITER. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion. In fairness to those gen-
tlemen who have, been broughthere, let us execute
the oid"r in good faith.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I withdraw the
motion.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Davis, of Iowa.
Mr DAVIS, of Iowa. I answered to my name
when I was called, and have not been out of the
Hell since.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair owes the
gentleman from Iowa an apology for calling on
l.im. His nanu? was returned by the Sergeant-at-
Arms. The gentleman 5s name is recorded as being
present.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, (athalf past six:
o'clock.) I now renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LEiTER. Would it be in order now to
have the sick-list of the Pentisylvanians lead?
The SPEAKER. The Cluur has great doubts
on the subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSSY. Would it be in order to call
up the resolutions reported by the Committee on
:■ Foreign Affairs, tn relation to the C!ayton-Bul-
wer treaty at this time r [Laughter.]
(I Th 5 SPEAKER. It is hardly 111 order, as there
| is no quorum present.
j Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask the consent
of the House to oiler the following resolution:
. | Raou-cd, Tbm the absentees from the Ilou^e on the last
( vote hv yen-; aii'i 11 'iv^ b-'iore actjomnmcnt he entered upon
' the J'jutii.ii and rep.nted in the <2lobe.
!j Mr. KELSEY. The Chair cannot entertain
■ the resolution, as there is no quorum present.
| Mr. MOORE. I move to lay the resolution on
• the table
i The SPEAKER. The resolution has not been
received.
; Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My resolution
i does not u-fer to this proceeding, but to the pro-
i' cieduiiis of the earlier part of the session.
; Mr. COLFAX. 1 rise to a question of order.
1 These is no quotum here for the transaction of
busiin s*3. v
Tin' SPEAKER.. The Chair is of opinion that
,r tli 3 r-'f-N.iu'ioa is not m order, inasmuch as there
is no (pioiuni here, and the House is engaged in
The Ser^ant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
; announced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, Mr. Casc, of Indiana, was within the
' bar of the Tlnus^.
i The SPEAKER.. Mr. Case, you have been
an-eMed and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yo\'is<. f from its sittings without the
permission of the House. Have y^u any excuse
to oiler to tne House for vour absence'
Mr. CASE, i *hMlr i ha^e a very good one.
I remained here about three quarters of an hour
after the House had stopped doing business in
Committee of the Whole. I then went home to
.<r,,t mv dinner, and when I cacie back 1 tound
, 'the doois closed. A man has to cat in W ashmg-
ton as everywhere else. [Lau?,htrr.j
i Mr. LEiTER. After the excuse which the gen-
I tic-man has given, I move that he be discharged
I on the payment of fees.
j The motion was agreed to.
