1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
gentlemen who would not avail themselves of an
opportunity to speak when time was being wasted.
I wish, for one, to vindicate myself from the
charge which is now made. If the time that has
already been wasted had been properly occupied,
no such appeal would have lain. I am not for
pressing this question unreasonably or unjustly
upon any one; but it must be seen that, unless
we intend to waste all the summer days in the
discussion of this question, we must commence
urging gentlemen up to a delivery of their views.
I should not have said this if I had not been in
the category of those who have spoken early. I
did not speak at any unreasonable time; I did not
insist on the Senate sitting for my accommoda-
tion, if it did not desire to do so; nor did I take
advantage ofits sitting. Other gentlemen, I know,
could have spoken, if they had chosen to do it. If
they did not choose to do it, I think it is too late
to ask this species of courtesy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate, the Senator from Missouri
having withdrawn his motion. These remarks,
however, may be indulged in by unanimous con-
sent. The Senator from New Hampshire is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know that the
motion was withdrawn.
Mr. GREEN. I remarked that if the Senator
from New Hampshire desired to proceed now, I
would withdraw my motion, and hear him with
pleasure, for it is not my wish to procrastinate
debate, or to interfere with a fair opportunity for
debate. It is my wish to expedite business, and
I think that ought to be the wish of all. My mo-
tion is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the indulgence of
the Senate, I wish to make a remark or two in
relation to this matter; and I wish to make it in a
spirit of kindness and conciliation which I feel.
I think there is nobody here who will accuse me,
certainly, of a disposition, at any time, to make
any factious opposition to anything that is in the
regular order of business. The honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi is mistaken in saying that
this question has stood in the way of all other
business. This iepoit has not been made for
more than a month. This bill has not been be-
fore the Senate very long.
Mr. BROWN. I know this precise bill has
not been, but the Kansas question has been here
all the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware that some
speeches were made on the President's message !
from time to time; but in the meanwhile a great i
deal of other business has been done, and only |
one speech, I think, in relation to this general [
matter was made on the Army bill. The Army j
bill was debated for a long time. We certainly i
could not get at this question as it is presented to j
the Senate until a bill was before the body. The ]
bill was reported some four weeks ago, I think i
—I do not recollect the exact time—and then a ]
future day was assigned for its consideration. It i
was taken up at the time designated by the hon- .
orable Senator from Missouri who has it in !
charge, and since that time the debate has gone j
steadily on—beginning sometimes at one o'clock,
and sometimes at half past twelve o'clock—from
day to day.
The Senate will observe that only once has there
been any question in reference to adjournment
over from Thursday until Monday, and that was
a week ago last Thursday. That is the only time j
when a vote was taken on that proposition. It j
passed at other times by common consent, and t
the motion always came from one of the gentlemen j
on the other side of the Chamber, not fiom us. j
Certainly no blame can be imputed to the gen- j
tlcmen on this side. Senators will recollect that |
when the President's message was under consid- !
eration, the Senators on this side were urged to ,
withhold their remarks in relation to Kansas until
the question should come up before the Senate reg-
ularly. I was urged to do so myself; but 1 chose
to make then the remarks which I had to make.
I made at that time the main speech which I in-
tended to make; and I do not know that I shall
make anv other. No time was lost by that.
Mr. GREEN. You are losing time now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that; but I wish
simply to understand the Senator, and I wish him
to understand me. What I mean to say is simply
this: that gentlemen on this side of the Chamber
have been led by the solicitations of gentlemen
on the other side, and by their own sense of the
propriety of the time, to withhold the remarks
they wished to make, and which they feel it to be
their duty to make, until this bill came up. They
have had as yet no opportunity to make those re-
marks. They wish to do it, and to do it at rea-
sonable hours of the day.
Nov/, I am not disposed to quarrel with gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber because
they want to urge this business. I will agree
that they shall urge the Senate, and that the Sen-
ate shall submit, so far as I am concerned, to a
] little greater stress in point of time; work more
i hours than we ordinarily do; but what I object
j to is that we should be pushed to unreasonable
I hours in theevenim;. We all know that it is very
fatiguing. If the Senator from New Hampshire
goes on with his speech now, we shall have had
three speeches to-day, and it will probably take
him until sever! o'clock. I wish to understand
whether there is then a desire to push us into the
night. ["Yes."] Thatbeingunderstood, I wish
to assure gentlemen on the other side—I may say
my friends on the other side of the Chamber, be-
cause personally I have no collision with them—
that so far as 1 know, and I believe I understand
the matter, there is no disposition here to pro-
crastinate the time unreasonably. All we demand
is, thatat reasonable and proper hours of the day,
when men have the strength and the vigor, (and a
very considerable degree of stiength is necessary
to address the Senate upon this subject,) they may
have time to do so.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Maine fix
a time when he will agree to take the vote 1
the case will admit. If a just regard to the public
business will permit me to do so, I would prefer
to adjourn now and allow the Senator who has
just obtained the floor to commence his speech
at one o'clock to-morrow. If, however, I were
to do so, I should be sacrificing my sense of the
duty which I owe to my country merely to ac-
commodate a gentleman and a friend. I claim
that I have no right to do that; it is not my priv-
ilege to do that. I must keep an eye towards the
great interests of this country, rather than con-
sult the personal feelings of honorable gentlemen.
I have no desire to crowd them into unseasonable
hours; but I wish the public business to go for-
ward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When Senators talk of
the time that has been taken up, I wish them to
remember that about all the time that was occu-
pied on the subject of Kansas during the firstpart
of the session until this bill was brought in, was
on the other side of the Chamber. On this sid©
we took very little part in it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not involved in this
controversy at all, and I wish to make, a sugges-
tion to which perhaps gentlemen will accede*. I
desire to see the subject disposed of so soon as it
reasonably can be; and with that view, I move
that we meet hereafter at eleven o'clock. I sup-
pose the motion will lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it; let it lie over.
Mr. BIGGS. I would very willingly accede to
a proposition that might be made on the other
side, if they would fix any reasonable time for
taking the vote; but I see no disposition mani-
I footed on that side to appoint a time for taking the
vote. Therefore, as this discussion isentirely out
of order, and there seems to be no disposition on
the other side to propose a time for taking the
,, vote, I object to any further discussion, and hope
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot, because I do !! the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, who isentitled
not know how many speeches are to be made. I |1 to the floor, will proceed.
say that when we have got through with a fair
debate on our side, we have no further objection
to make; and we want time, at reasonable and
proper hours, for that debate. I hope, in order
to the preservation of the good feeling personally
which ought to prevail among gentlemen on both
sides, that will be acceded to. That is all we
desire.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave merely to remark,
that I do not think I have exhibited any hot haste
in pressing this question before the Senate and the
country. I did object, when the subject was first
brought before the consideration of the Senate,
when there was no practical question pending;
but, in spite of my objection, it was discussed day
after day. It has been discussed to a greater or j
less extent now for three months. Although the
bill has been before the. Senate not quite a month
—for it was reported on the 18th day of Febru-
ary—still it has been discussed longer than almost
any other question ever has been discussed that
passed this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to suggest one thing to him r
Mr. GREEN. I would rather not be inter-
rupted. When the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed,
it was discussed for thirty-nine days before u was
reported, alternately, occasionally. After it \%as
reported, threedays'discussion were allowed, and
three days only. Since this bill was made the
special order, it has been continued for two weeks
and we are now told it will take two weeks more
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevv Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mi'. STUART. I ask the permission of the
Senator from New Hampshire to allow me to sub-
mit a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Michigan ?
Mr. CLARK/ Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until one o'clock
to-morrow. I find myself compelled to submit a
motion in order to be enabled to suggest to the
Senate what I think I might with propriety have
been permitted to say after the course of other
gentlemen. Inasmuch, however, as that does not
seem to be the disposition here, I submit this mo-
tion, and I desire to say two or three things in
correction of the history which has been given
of this transaction; and to submit a proposition
for the consideration of the Senate which, I think,
we may very well agree to.
In the first place, as to the delay, I think it will
be found on an examination of the records of the
Senate that a majority, my own impression is
nearly all of tln-m, but certainly a majority of the
motions which have been made to adjourn over
from Thursday until Monday, have been made by
gentlemen favoring this bill since the session com-
menced. When a motion was made since this
bill was repotted, to adjourn from Thursday to
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] |j Monday,! was here in my scat, and voted against
it; and it does not become those gentlemen now,
who arc in lav >r of this measure, having absented
themselves from their scats at that time, to bring
that matter up as a charge against those who op-
pose the measure. If they had been here, as I
may say I was, and voted as I did, we should not
have adjourned over.
Now, sir, let us see if there has been any dis-
position on the part of the Senate to abuse the
rules of discussion. Has it been manifested by
those who oppose this bill? Have they shown
a disposition to discuss it factiously to consume
time? I know of no such disposition. Is there
          . anything in the condition of the country requir-
linow thuiv is not the slight- jj mg this unusual course of procedure? What has
3 a fair debate, but therc"is a !; brought it about ? Why, sir, it was agreed to take
... — debate, giving as fair oppor- '' the question on the Army bill on a certain Wed-
tunities to every Senator as the circumstances of ' nesday or Thursday, and when that day arrived,
told me this morning that, perhaps, we could get
through m two weeks more. I know it is unpleas-
ant to be crowded into an unseasonable hour of
the day, and I also know that the most season-
able hour is about one o'clock: but can every
man commence his speech just at one o'clock ? I
know that is the best hour for gentlemen here, but
we have to take the chances to get the floor and
avail ourselves of the opportunities as they pre-
sent themselves. The public business must not
be delayed to permit every Senator to commence
his speech at one o'clock." If so, it is to be con-
tinued sixty days more, and perhaps still longer,
for some may desire to make even more than two
or three speeches. Ik '' 1,1
est feeling to suppress
desire to hasten that debate, giving as fair oppor
