1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
DEATH OF MR. BELL, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is mf duty, in
obedience to a long-established, and, in my judg-
ment, peculiarly appropriate custom of the Sen-
ate, to announce to the body the decease of my
latecoileague, Hon. James Bell, which occurred
at his residence in Gilford, New Hampshire, on
the 26th of May last.
Mr. Bell was the son of the late Samuel Bell,
of our State, who, for a time, was one of the jus-
tices of our highest judicial court; subsequently,
for several years, Governor of the State, and for
twelve years a member of this body. My late
colleague was born in Francestown, in the county
of Hillsborough, on the 13th of November, 1804;
finished his studies, preparatory to entering col-
lege, at Phillips's Academy, in Andover, Massa-
chusetts; and in September, 1819, before he had
completed his fifteenth year, he entered the soph-
omore class in Bowdoin College. He was grad-
uated in 1822, and immediately commenced the
study of the law with his brother, Hon. Samuel
D. Bell, who isattbistimeajustice ofoursupreme
court. He finished his course of study to qualify
him for admission to the bar, at the celebrated law
school at Litchfield, Connecticut, aq.d, in the fall
of 1825, before he was quite twenty-one years of
age, he was admitted to the bar, and immediately
commenced the practice in Gilmanton, then in the
county of Strafford, in his native State. He re-
mained at Gilmanton about six years, when he
married a daughter of the late Hon. Nathaniel
Upham, of New Hampshire, and removed to
Exeter, in the county of Rockingham, where he
remained, constantly and sedulously engaged in
the practice of his profession, till the year 1846,
when he removed to Gilford, and continued to
reside there till his death.
In the year 1846, he was elected a member of
the Legislature of New Hampshire, by the town
of Exeter, and in 1850, by the town of Gilford,
a member of the convention to revise the consti-
tutisn of the State. These two offices are be-
lieved to be the only political stations occupied
by him till 1855; when he was elected by the
Legislature to the Senate for six years from the
preceding 4th of March. He served during the
whole of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and during
the executive session of the Senate commencing
tixe 4th of March last.
Of Mr. Bell's success at the bar, it may be
sufficient for those conversant with the character
of the men practicing in the countics of Rock-
ingham and Strafford, at the time he came to the
bar—viz., Jeremiah Mason, of whom Judge Story
said, in the dedication of one of his volumes to
him, that he " long held the first rank in the pro-
fession, supported by an ability and depth and
variety of learning which have had few equals;"
George Sullivan, whose mellifluous eloquence and
captivating tones carried the hearts, while his logi-
cal argumentation convinced the understanding of
his audience; Ichabod Bartlett, second to no man
who ever addressed a New Hampshire jury, and
second to no man to whom I have ever listened;
and Levi Woodbury, too well known to the Sen-
ate and to the country to need any eulogium from
me; that, with such men for competitors, he very
soon, by the common consent of the bar and the
community, was ranked among the leading ad-
vocates of those two counties.
In private life, in the community in which he
lived, he was respected, confided in, and beloved
to a very remarkable degree; and I have never wit-
nessed a community apparently more deeply im-
pressed by the death of one of their members, than
was that of which our deceased associate was one.
The integrity of his character, the soundness
of his judgment, and the kindness of his heart,
were well attested by the confidence and affection
bestowed upon him in his life, and the intense sor-
row with which his untimely death was deplored.
While Mr. Bell was with us, he was but the
wreck of what he had been: months before he
took his seat here the hand of an incurable and
inexorable disease had fastened itself upon him.
Beneath its grasp his strength decayed, his vigor
wasted, and he gradually sank till he went home
to die in his rural and romantic retreat on the
banks of the Winnipiseogee, which his own taste
had selected and his own hand decorated. He
leaves a widow and five children, all of whom
Were with him in his last sickness—whose privi-
lege it was to minister to his wants, alleviate his
sufferings, and, by their affectionate assiduity,
smooth his pathway to the grave.
No man more clearly understood, or more faith-
fully and affectionately discharged, all the duties
of a husband and a father than my deceased col-
league, and to his family, his loss is indeed irrep-
arable; but I shall not invoke the public gaze upon
the grief of that stricken circle, but leave them to
the tender mercies of Him who has smitten them,
but not in anger, and who alone can heal the
wound His hand has made.
The propriety of such a simple recognition by
the American Senate, of the death of one of their
members, has often been questioned by that cal-
culating spirit which recognizes the utility and
propriety of no observance, the value of which
cannot be immediately estimated in dollars and
cents; but, it seems to me meet that we should
occasionally pause and turn aside from the con-
tention of parties and the pursuits of ambition,
to listen to that voice of God which comes to us
in ti<e death of a brother, to remind us how vain
are the honors, how transient the pleasures, and
how fleeting the years of human life.
I desire to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memory of the Hon. James Cell, deceased, late a Senator
from the State of New Hampshire, will go into mourning
by wearing crape on the left arm for tinny days.
Resolved, That, as an additional mark of respect for the
memory of the Hon. James Bell, the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
listened, with emotion, to the eloquent remarks
of the Senator from New Hampshire, in an-
nouncing the death of his late colleague. That
colleague was one of my early associates and
friends; I hope to be excused, therefore, for ren-
dering, in a few words, my public tribute to his
many virtues.
It was my good fortune, Mr. President, to spend
some years with him at the same collegiate insti-
tution, and to be associated with him in one of
those literary fraternities which often add much
to the interest and value of college life. There I
learned to respect and love him, as did all equally
fortunate in his companionship. There, too, were
developed the many rare traits of character which
distinguished him through life, giving unmistak-
able promise of that worldly eminence which he
soon attained. His was a youth of promise well
performed in after years, securing for him in life
hosts of admiring friends, and a memory among
men, which, like
" The actions of the just,
Smell sweet, and blossom in the dust."
Our late associate was gifted with a high order
of intellect, which was carefully and assiduously
cultivated. But excellent as were his intellectual
powers, he was equally distinguished by great
firmness of purpose, united with singular mod-
esty, and remarkable moral purity. It was these
last characteristics which invested his youth with
a peculiar charm, and won for him universal ad-
miration and regard; for while, as a scholar, he
might have been surpassed by some, as a consci-
entious and high-bred gentleman he was a model
for all his fellows, and was so regarded by all.
Of a sensitive and refined nature, he shrank, in-
stinctively, from the slightest approach to vulgar-
ity, either of language or demeanor. Adding to
all these-a loving heart, with manners frank and
cordial, it is not remarkable that associates be-
came friends.
I have said, Mr. President, that Mr. Bell was
a man of singular modesty. Indeed, he exhib-
ited this trait of his character in excess; and in
such excess as to excite apprehension that it
would seriously impair his prospects of future
usefulness, by obstructing the avenues to distinc-
tion, broadly open, in our country, to abilities
and acquirements like his. But those who thus
reasoned did not sufficiently appreciate his great
firmness of character. With him, duty was para-
mount; and while this controlled his actions, it
impelled him onwards with equal force. This
was, in fact, his great motive power—ministering
to, and aiding, that personal ambition which is
inseparable from a noble nature, and sweeping
away all those difficulties arising iVom mere tem-
perament which would have daunted and discour-
aged one cast in a weaker moid.
Though- not an eye-witness of his eminent
career ill after life, yet, knowing him a# I did, it
occasioned me no surprise. Such men seldom
fail. With qualities like his, eminent usefulness
is almost a certainty. It came early, and remained
with him to the last. When such a man places
his foot upon the ladder, he is sure to ascend.
Fate only can cast him down. With him life
is sucecss. Our lamented associate verified Ujia,
truth. And I am well assured that the high moral
qualities which distinguished his boyhood illus-
trated and adorned his riper years. As was the
youth, so was the man—a lover of virtue, a,
friend and champion of truth.
Mr. Bell's career in the ^Senate was checked
and oppressed, from the beginning, by the malady
which terminated his life. But he was with ua
long enough to secure the respect and regard of
all his associates. His efforts in the Senate,
though few, evinced an accuracy of judgment, a
power of analysis, and a clearness of statement,
which marked him for an accomplished debater.
Those who best knew him were confident that, if
he lived, the whole country would become femil-
iar with his name. His qualities were such as
could not but have placed him high in the rank
of American statesmen. Bold, independent in
thought and action, scorning the arts of the dem-
agogue, he would have striven to deserve popular
favor by a fearless and assiduous discharge of
duty in his high station. Men like him, pure in
heart, single in purpose, seeking honor only by
honorable means, devoting al! their energies to the
public good, and forgetting themselves in the pur-
suit, are none too numerous. And the early death
of one such man is always a public calamity.
It is a trite remark, Mr. President, that there
may be a wide distance between what men seem
to be and what they are. Of no class is this mora
true than of those engaged in public life. The
popular idol of to-day is cast from his false emi-
nence to-morrow,and forgotten. Death, the great
leveler of human distinctions, makes sad havoe
with reputations not founded upon public aeeful-
ness and private worth. It was not such a repu-
tation that my lamented friend would have sought
to win. His aspirations were those of a gentle-
man and a Christian. Dignifiedi yet courteous;
firm, but quiet; brave, but unpretending; respect-
ing himself, but deferential' to others; able to in-
struct, but ever seeking instruction; never loud,
never dogmatical,, his was an example which
could not but be felt in the daily intercourse of
the Senate; while, his thorough comprehension
of, and devotion to, his duties as a Senator,
marked him for a future, alike honorable to hitBr
self and the State of which he was a chanapicm
and a child. Many sons have beeif born to- her
whose names are high upon the rolls of fame; and
if among them are found some written in more
brilliant characters, there are none, 1 am well
assured, which fall more pleasantly on ber ear,
or which she better loves to vejaemfcer o,nd re-
peat.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President,, the time which
James Rf.ll was permitted to remain among us
was so short, and his ability for active duty during
even that small period was so much impaired by
ill-health, that the materials of which elaborate
panegyrics are usually woven to graee the obse-
quies of those who have attained, through pro-
tracted years of honorable service, the position of
fathers of the Senate, are not found on this occa-
sion in our records, or in: our more faithful mem-
ories. Still,it is due to his fame, and to the gen-
erous sympathies of those who, from their nearer
relation to him,especially cherish it,that the meas-
ure of his actual success here be made known,
ami that it be understood that the life of eminent
usefulness which he had led in his own State
was crowned by the achievement of rerf distinc-
tion in this more conspicuous theater. His bear-
ing, his address,his speech,his social intercourse,
were uniformly marked with the decision ana
vigor, the dignity sod serenity, the gravity and
courtesy, which, when Wended together, impart
irresistible weight to the opinions of a Senator,
while they never fail to secure universal respect
and affection toward his person. Few of us, I
fear, will be able, at the close of our own periods
of se'rvice,however long they may be drawa out,
to lay claim to higher praise than this; and I am
sure that to no one, living or dead, whom I have
