1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
encc at the start, so that the House shall not be
embarrassed by a return and re-reference of them
to some other committee.
The question being on the motion of Mr.
Letcher to refer to the Committee on Public
Lands, the yeas and nays were demanded, and
ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adraiii, Ah), Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Boeock. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, Cockerill,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis
of Indiana, Dewart, Dtmmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eng-
lish* Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartreil,
GillN, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg. Groesbeck, Harlan,
Thomas L. Hams, Haskm, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hopkins, Hou&ton, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George \V. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
M.Kunkel, Lamar, Leidy, Letcher, McKibbin, McQueen,
Humphiey Maishail, Samuel S. Marshall, Miller, Mi''son,
, Montgomery, Ivlooie, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nichols,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman,
Ready, Reagan, Reilly. Ruffiii, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Robert Smith, Samuel .A. Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Ward, Wairen, Watkins, White, Whitely, Win.slow,
Woodson, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—105.
NAYS — Messis. Abbott, Andrews, Banks, Bennett,
Bilhnghum, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buf-
finton. Burns, Burroughs, Ca>e, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Conrins, Covode. Cragin,
Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durtee,
Edte, Fentoiij Foster, Gidding=, Gilman, Gilmer. Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Huvler,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkcl, Leach,
Lpiter, Lovejoy, Maynard, Moigan, Morrill. Edwaid Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Oim,
Palmer, Parker, Peuit,Pike. Potter, Pottle, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Royce, Seward, John Shennan, Judson W. Sher-
man, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elbhu B. Washburne, Wilson,
Augustus R. Wright, and Zollicofier—89.
DEATH OF SENATOR BELL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
the proceedings of the Seriate in respect to the
death of the late Hon. James Bell, a Senator
from the State of New Hampshire.
The message was read, as follows:
In Senate of the United States,
December i.'i. 1857.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect due
to the memory of the Hon. James Bell, deceased, late a
Senator from the State of New Hampshite, will go into
mourning by wearing ciape on the left aim for thirty days.
Resolved, unaniuvwsly, Tnat, a? an additional mark of
respect for the memory of tile Hon. James Bell, the Senate
will now adjourn.
Mr. TAPPAN. Mr. Speaker, it was only
yesterday that we were called upon to pass the
usual resolutions of respect on the announcement
ot the decease of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, Judge Butler; and to-day we are again re-
minded, by the message which has just been re-
ceived from the Senate, of the death of another
member of that body—the Hon*. James Bell, of
New Hampshire.
And, with the indulgence of the House, I avail
myself of the melancholy occasion to pay a
passing tribute of respect to the memory and the
virtues of the deceased.
Although Mr. Bell had been in feeble health
from about the time of taking his seat in the Sen-
ate—suffering, as it proved, from a lingering and
incurable disease—he yet seemed so far conva-
lescent, that, when I took my leave of him in this
city near the close of the last Congress, I little
thought that the next time I should behold his
manly form, it would be cold and still in the em-
brace of death; or that it would so soon devolve
upon his colleagues in Congress to refer to his
decease in these Halls. But so it is. Mr. Bell
died at his residence in Gilford, New Hampshire,
on the morning of the 26th day of May last; and
notwithstanding the failing state of his health was
generally known, the announcement of his de-
cease fell with startling suddenness upon the peo-
ple of his native State.
It seemed that a few days only had elapsed
since, in the full enjoyment of his health and
mental vigor, they had witnessed his triumphant
election to the Senate of the United States, before
the lightning flashed the sad intelligence that he
was dead!
The death of such a man as Mr. Bell is not
the loss merely of the State of which he was the
immediate representative. It is a national loss,
when, from its councils, a good and true man, in
the height of his usefulness and in the vigor of
manhood, is suddenly cut off.
And such was James Bell. Kind, affable,
and unobtrusive in his intercourse with his ^liow
Senators, and with all who enjoyed his acquaint-
ance, he was admirably fitted to assist in allaying
the asperities of political and partisan warfare,
and to do something, through the amenities of
social life, towards drawing closer the bonds of
national brotherhood between the different por-
tions of our extended Confederacy. And, from
his known integrity and ability, his sound com-
mon sense and discriminating judgment, had his
life and health been spared, he would, undoubt-
edly, have taken a high position in the delibera-
tions of the Senate, and exerted a favorable influ-
ence upon the legislation of the country.
The family from whence Mr. Bell had his
origin is among the most distinguished in the
history of New Hampshire. He was one of the
sons of the late Hon. Samuel Bell, who longsus-
tained a prominent position in our State at the
bar, upon the bench, and as Governor; and who
was, during a period of twelve years—from 1823
to 1835—also a Senator in the Congress of the
United States. The deceased was a native of
New Hampshire, and was born at Francestown,
on the 13th of November, 1804.^He graduated ,
at Bowdoin College, in the class of 1822. In col- j
lege with him, though not in the same class, were '
ex-President Pierce, the late Hon. Jonathan Cil- 1
ley, Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, Nathaniel
Hawthorn, and Henry VV. Longfellow. Mr. '•
Bell studied law with his brother, Hon. Samuel ,
Dana Bell, for many years and at present one '
of the judges of the supreme court of New Hamp-
shire, and at the celebrated law school of Judge j
Gould, in Litchfield, Connecticut.
He commenced practice in Gilmanton, New ;
Hampshire, in 1825, where he remained until :
1831, when he removed to Exeter, and continued \
the practice of the law there—most of the time m I
partnership with Hon. Amos Tuck—until 1846. !
At Exeter his practice became extensive, and he
at once took prominent rank with the best law- i
yers in the State. In 1846 he received the ap- !
pointment of agent of tho Winnipiseogee Luke :
Company, and removed to his late residence in ;
Gilford. Besides performing the duties of this i
office, which were arduous and responsible, he )
still continued practice as a lawyer, maintaining |
a position at the head of his profession. In 1850 j
! he was chosen a member of the convention to j
! revise the constitution of his State, in the dehb- 1
i eratmns of which he bore a conspicuous part.
I In 1853 and 1854 he was the Whig candidate for ,
j Governor, and m June, 1855, he was chosen to ,
I the position of United States Senator, so longand ,
| so honorably filled by his father,and from which ;
I he has been so suddenly removed.
1 I am aware that sometimes on occasions like '
this, terms of extravagant and indiscriminate
eulogy are indulged in, which the characters of
the deceased, while living, would hardly warrant;
and that often, in speaking of the most gifted, it
is necessary to draw the vail of charity over
prominent faults, and to regard the maxim that
nothing but good should be spoken of the dead.
But there is no necessity foi this m speaking of
James Bell. He was as exemplary in private
life as he was honest, conscientious, and high-
minded in his public relations. As a lawyer, as
a citizen, and as a man, among those who knew
him longest and best, he was universally esteemed;
and it is not too much to say that, m the wide
range of his acquaintance, and among all those
with whom his varied business relations brought
him m contact, I do not believe he has left a single
enemy.
As a lawyer, I think no man in New Hamp-
shire stood higher m the confidence of the people
than Mr. Bell. Never descending to any of those
low acts wb"-h too often bring reproach upon an
honorable ■< ofession, he was earnest and zealous
inwhatoM t business was committed to hischarge,
and exhibited a devotion to his profession, and
an unwearied industry in the cause of his clients,
such as is rarely equaled. If he was not what
may be termed a popular orator, yet, as an ad- j
vocate at the bar, he was strong, clear, and con- j
vincing, never failing to impress upon those who j
heard him the conviction of his own sincerity in i
the cause he advocated. He was not a mere pol-
itician in the narrow sense of that term; and it
has fallen to the lot of but few men, so prominent
as Mr. Bell in his own State, to share so largely
in the confidence and respect of those who dif-
fered widely from him in their political views.
In matters of principle, though always courteous,
he was firm and unyielding; and while faithfully
representing the wishes and reflecting the senti-
ments of his own people, his patriotism was yet
broad enough to embrace the entire country, with
all its varied interests and conflicting opinions.
It is not, however, as a lawyer or a politician-
that the loss of Mr. Bell will be most keenly
felt or most deeply deplored. In private life an
obliging neighbor, a warm and sincere friend, an
agreeable companion, and an honest, upright man,
his death, in the community where he dwelt, has
created a void which cannot soon be filled.
But it is upon the sanctuary of his own home
that this blow has fallen with most crushing
weight. On the banks of the charming Winne-
piseogee—not inaptly named the " Smile of the
Great Spirit"—the cultivated taste of Mr. Bell
had reared and adorned his beautiful New Eng-
land home. And it was here, in the midst of.
warm and devoted friends, and surrounded by his
intelligent and interesting family,'that he was best
known, best appreciated, and most fondly ioved.
No words of mine can carry consolation to the
hearth made desolate, or help to alleviate the"
sorrow of hearts stricken witn anguish. I can
only mingle a tear of sympathy with theirs, and
assure them how deeply, in common with his
numerous friends, I condole with them in their
great bereavement.
This alflictive event is brought home with pecu-
liar significance and impressiveness to the people
of New Hampshire and her delegation in Con-
gress. Within the shortspace of four years, three
Senators of the United States from that State-—
Atherton, Norris, Bell—have, while yet in
office, passed to "that undiscovered country from
whose bourn no traveler returns." The death
of Mr. Bell, ata moment when "his desires were
as warm, and his hopes as eager as ours, has feel-
ingly told us what shadows we are and what
shadows we pursue." It should remind us how
little there is which men toil and struggle for here,
that can afford any lasting enjoyment. The
wealth, the honors, the hopes, and ambitions of
this life, are all hastening to one common goal,
and will soon be buried in a common receptacle.
" Our lives are rivers, gliding free,
To that unfathomed, boundless sea,
The silent grave.
Thither all earthly pomp and boast
Roll, to be swallowed up an^ lost
Ln one dark wave,"
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That, as a testimonial of respect
to the memory of J ames Bell, late a member of the United
States Senate, now deceased* the members and officers of
this House' will go into mourning and wear crape on the left
arm for tlmiv dajs.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to communicate a
copy of these 1 evolutions to the widow of the deceased.
Revolted, As a further mark of respect, that the House
do now adjourn.
j Mr. COLFAX. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to second
j the resolutions offered by my friend from New
j Hampshire, and to entwine my humble offering
j with the funereal wreath which he has placed
| upon the grave of the deceased.
| It was my fortune, during the long session of
| the last Congress, to reside in the same house
j with him; to see him daily; to enjoy bis counsel;
; to learn his worth; and to prize his friendship,
i He was a gentleman so unassuming in his de-
meanor, and so unobtrusive in his intimacies,,,
that but few who did not belong: to the same
household fully appreciated his sterling merits.
, But, though naturally of a reserved manner,
j r.ui'her the"snow of autumn nor the ice of winter
; had frozen up the well-spring of his affections.
! Always kind and consideratein the expression
  of his opinions, always charitable in his judg-
I moms, always tolerant in his discussions, he
I participated in the stormy scenes of ail exciting
I session without sharing in its acerbities; he
moved in a heated atmosphere without inflaming
his own judgment; he adhered faithfully to liis
own convictions without denunciation of his op-
ponents; and while others, on all sides, warmed
as the sharp rivalry of contending sentiments
