1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
35th Cong... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clarlc.
Senate.
Mr. MASON. 1 understand the honorable Sen-
ator to ask me on what I ground the law of sla-
very ? I would answer the honorable gentleman
by saying, that I am not aware that there is any
other law that pertains to slavery than those
laws which pertain to every other species of pro-
perty.
Mr. CLARK. Then I am obliged, in order to
get any species of information, to ask on what law
he grounds the right to other property; whether
the common law, or the law of nations; because
I get no information, as I understand the Sena-
tor's answer now. It is altogether too indefinite
for my purpose. The Senator is under no obli-
gation to answer. Perhaps he has not made up
his mind.
Mr. MASON. t certainly did not intend to
treat the Senator with the slightest discourtesy.
Mr. CLARK. Not the least.
Mr. MASON. I will answer with great pleas-
ure any question in my power. I assumed, in
the course of my speech to-day, that the African
slave stood to the general law of the country,
meaning the common law, exactly it} the relation
of any other property; that it required no law
to create it, it required no law to regulate it, and
no law to protect it; no more than it required a
law to create slavery in an ox, or to regulate or
protect it. Now, if the honorable Senator asks
me on what ground I place the law of slavery, I
would remit him at once to the common law, which
recognizes such a thing as property. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine referred to the first
interview that took place between the Deity and
the first man, and he said that was Blackstone's
theory. I would not interfere with it, for that was
what I understood to be the higher law. We
know that cannot be administered on earth, ex-
cept by a theologist.
Mr. CL^RK. I will state my purpose in ask-
ing the question of the Senator, to show what I
mean. 1 understood him distinctly to state that
slavery was grounded on the common law, or ex-
isted by the common law. I am prepared with
authority after authority, from 1C94 down to the
present time, in England; I am prepared with
authority after authority in our State courts; I
am prepared with the authority of the United
States courts, that slavery does not exist by the
common law. I am prepared to prove that it does
not exist by the law of nations, and I wanted to
be prepared for any other point on which the gen-
tleman rested. That was the reason of my ques-
tion.
Mr. MASON. Will the gentleman allow me
to put a question to him?
Mr. CLA11K. Certainly I will do so.
Jilr. MASON. Suppose a man should come
hereftom Liverpool, and bring with him a valua-
ble horse worth $10,000, and that horse were to
be taken from him by the hand of violence, would
not our courts interpose to recover his horse for
him ? and would it not be because it was recog-
nized as the property of the man who brought it
here ? I want to know upon what law on the con-
tinent of America you recognize the property of
the Englishman who brought the horse over; to
what do you trace it? My position was, that the
common law recognized property in whatever was
property coming from another nation, and v/hen
these negroes were brought from Africa, the con-
dition of property attached to them in Africa was
recognized by the common law. Precisely as the
law of nations recognized property in the horse,
the common law hero gave property inthehorse;
the common law so recognized it, be it a horse or
an ox.
Mr. CLARK. I understood the gentleman to
start with a question, but he wound up with some
assertion and an argument. I do not know
whether he wishes me to answer the question or
not. If he does, I will say to him that the com-
mon law recognized property in a horse, but I
will also state to him distinctly, and prove it be-
fore I get through, that the common law does not i i
recognize property in man, and 1 think I shall "
make the distinction broad and clear.
Mr. MASON. If you prove that, you will re-
fute my proposition.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand alltheSen-
i common law does not recognize property in a
I slave, you will_ refute my proposition.
Mr. CLARK. Yes; I think I shall. I shall
endeavor to do it. I have not a doubt of where I
come to, if I succeed.
Mr. MASON. I do not fear it.
Mr. CLARK. I know the gentleman does not
fear anything. I do not wish that he should fear
anything I should say. It is not my purpose to
say anything that would put him, myself, or any-
body else in fear. We are here for the purpose
of discussion; and if it be the pleasure of the
Senate and of the honorable Senator, I will pur-
sue the line of argument which I had proposed
to myself here.
I want to take my departure on this voyage from
a port in the Constitution, and I want to be clearly
understood; because I shall differ materially from
many gentlemen that have spoken before. I may
advance some new ideas—ideas which have not
been referred to; but I wish to say I commit nobody
around me—not one man in this Senate—to any-
thing that I may have to say. If it is heterodox,
I say il on my own responsibility. If itis ortho-
dox, I say it on authority which I have about me.
I do-not know that anybody will agree with me,
except the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Pos-
ter,] in one part, because he has already fore-
shadowed his principles in that particular, and on
that we agree.
But some tilings are taken for granted that seem
to have been passed in silence, which I am going
to controvert. One of them was the position taken
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and
it was also taken by tile Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. IIunter,] in his speech yesterday, that wc
have no right, m discussing this matter, to look
| into the Lecompton constitution any further than
to see that iti* republican. I deny it entirely.
I claim the right to look that constitution in the
facc, to look at it from the top of its head to the
sole of its foot, to examine it thoroughly, to pass I publiosxsi constitution. Now, I desire to speak for
my judgment upon it deliberately as u Senator of i a few moments upon this clause of the Constitu
the United States, and to say whether, upon an 1  -
tion four, you find this provision:" Congress shall
guaranty ?" No, sir, Congress does not guaranty.
Congress may admit new States, but Congress
docs not guaranty: <
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a lepublican form of government."
_ Not alone the new State which is admitted; but
the United States may guaranty, and shall guar-
anty, a republican form of constitution to all the
States.
Now, Mr. President, there are three limitations
put by the Constitution upon the admission of
now States. There are no others; and, as I con-
tend, the whole matter rests in the discretion of
Congress whether to admit new States or not.
Upon this point, that the power rests in the Con-
gress of the United States, and in their sound dis.
cretion, I have an authority. I do not regard it as
very binding authority. I do not acknowledge
its validity to the whole extent to which it goes,
but I will take it for what it is worth, and honor-
able Senators may do so too. It is the decision
of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case. I
will read from it. Speaking of territory, it says:
" It is acquired to become a State, and not to be held ee
a colony and governed by Congress with absolute authority ;
and as the propriety of admitting a new State is committed
to the sound discretion of Congress"—
Mark the language. The propriety of admit-
ting a new State is committed to the sound dis-
cretion of Congress.
Here it is laid down, in this very Dred Scott
decision, that Congress have the power, that Con-
gross have the authority committed to their sound
| discretion, with three limitations placed upon it
! by the Constitution, and no others: first, that they
shall not erect a new State within an old State;
second, that they shall not form a new State out
of two or more States without the consent of the
Legislatures of the States as well as of Congress;
third, that the United States shall guaranty a re-
examination of that constitution—not alone, but
with other things, (or alone, if I please)—I will
tion, that Congress shall guaranty—no, sir, I use
i the phrase incorrectly—that the United States
' shall guaranty to every State in this Union a re-
admit Kansas under that constitution, or not. I jj publican form of government.
start in the proof of what I have to say, with the [j ^r* BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
Constitution of the United States Here is the ij t{iat t}ie foi'm of government and the constitution
article, and here is the point of my departure: j' are two things. The Constitution of the United
" Sec. 3, article 4, New States maybe admitted by the [j States guaranties that the form of government
Congress into tins Union." j shall be republican. It does not speak of the con-
New States may be admitted, Mr. President, il stitution of the State.
aior says.
Mr. MASON.
I say if you prove that the
That implies, if Congress pleases. They may be
admitted by Congress, and they may not be'ad-
mitted by Congress, where Congress pleases not
to admit them. That is a matter left to the sound
j discretion of Congress to judge of it when a State
proposes to come in, not only with reference to
i the new States, but with reference to the old States;
| to examine the constitution which she brings; to
' examine the institutions under which she comes;
j and if they find anything in the constitution of
| the new State which is derogatory or injurious to
i the old States, which is derogatory to the insti-
i tutions under which we live, winch mars the pros-
perity of the new State even, then wc have the
right to look into that constitution and reject her
if we choose. If this were not so, our diseietion
would be limited; but in the Constitution there
are only two or three limits, and then the whole j
matter is left in the sound discretion of Congress. 1
In this very section we find, first:
" New States may be admitted by the Congse-= into this;
Union
WhatT next:
—'• but no new Sr.itc !>hal! be fouued 01 erected wifh.n tiie
jurisdiction of any othei Suite
There is one limitation. Congress may admit!
new States, but shall not make a new State out j
of another State. That fixes that point. It then j
goes on: j
—" nor any State be foimt-nl by the nnietion of t\\ o or mote ;
Slate*, or of States Without tbe consent oi the Loci-.- |
latuie* of the Staled conceded, a* ^ rll a^of the Co't^ie^." ;
Here are two limitations. Congress may admit j
new States, or may not; but they shall not erect a j
new State within the jurisdiction of another State,!
nor form a new State out of two or more States, .
without the consent of the Legislatures of those i
States as well aa of Congress. Is there anything ■
further? When you get a little further on, to sec- \
Mr. CLARK, I know that it does not say
anything in regard to the States having a repub-
lican constitution. I use the two terms as synon-
ymous, but the phraseology is peculiar:
u The United States shall guaianty to every State in thb
Union a republican torm of government."
I contend that a State might come into the
Union without a constitution, [Mr. Benjamin.
Certainly,] and have a republican form of gov-
ernment. Then look at the history of that pro-
vision of the Constitution. It was a provision
adopted by the convention which framed this Con-
stitution, as well for the old as for the new States.
It was for the security of those old States as well
as for the admission of the ne\V, because it was
seen by those wi^e men who fiamed this Consti-
tution that there might be intestine division; the
constitution of a State might be overthrown, its
form of government overthrown, and a form not
republican might be established. In order to pre-
vent the mischief which would flow to the several
States from such a state of things, a provision was
inserted that the Constitution should guaranty
a republican form of government to the States.
Now, if, in Virginia, it could happen thai the
constitution or form of government, which is re-
publican, should be overthrown in that old State,
the United States would be pledged to interfere,
and guaranty to them a republican form <<f gov-
ernment; because it is not according totru theory
of our Government, nor the genius of our insti-
tutions, to have a rnona.rehioal government, or any
other form of government than a republican gov-
ernment, in any of thn Stales. Mr. President, i
draw another inference, that such is the conclu-
sion on a fair interpretation of this article from
the position in which it is placed. Section four
is in thes-- words**
u The United States shall guaranty to every State in the
