1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
for Boston, and I considered it my duty as an
affectionate husband to escort her to the depot
and see her safely off.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I think that, as
this gentleman has been peculiarly situated, and
has had the pleasure, while he was absent, of dis-
charging his private duties, I move that he be ex-
cused on the payment of costs.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Can I be per-
mitted, being under arrest, to offer an amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a gentleman who has been discharged by order of
the House may make a motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Is not the dis-
charge a conditional one, dependent on the pay-
ment of foes ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is a condition
precedent, not subsequent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman has the right to make a motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I wish to cor-
rect the remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana.
He remarked that the gentleman from Missouri
ought to pay the fees, as the cause of his absence
was a pleasant one. It certainly could not have
been very pleasant to the gentleman from Mis-
souri to see his wife parting ftom him. I think,
therefore, the House has been deceived in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Louisiana. The gen-
tleman from Missouri was not only absent in the
discharge of a high duty, but he was suffering ex-
ceedingly in the separation from his wife. 1 There-
fore move, as an amendment, that the gentleman
be discharged without the payment of fees.
Mr. TAYLOR,, of Louisiana. In reply to my
friend from .New York, I beg leave to remark that
I conceive there could be no greater pleasure for
an affectionate husband thnn the consciousness of
having discharged a duty to his wife. [Immod-
erate laughter.] As the gentleman has absented
himself fiom the discharge of his public duties,
and has the pleasing consciousness of having'per-
formed a private duty, I trust the amendment will
be rejected.
Mr. LEITER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missoun at what hour the tram left?
Mr. ANDERSON. About half past three j
o'clock; and I supposed that, at that time, the
House, as usual, had adjourned; but I ask that I
may be treated the same way as other members
have been.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Taylor, of New York; and it was not agreed
to.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Anderson
was discharged on the payment of costs.
Mr. VVALBRIDGE, (to the Speaker.) Please,
sir, may 1 £o out ' [Luisrhtei.j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will get a
pass at the door. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEITER. I find my colleague, Mr. Cox,
under arrest, and I do not wish for any Ohio
member to be under arrest.
A Member. I think he ought to stand.
The Serjeant-at-Arms appeared, and reported
that, in obedience to the order of the House,
Messrs. Cox, Trippe, Zollicofter, and Clay,
were before the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Cox, of Ohio, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the ,
House for having absented yourself from lis sit- .
tings without the permission of the House. What
excuse hove you to assign for your absence r
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I have simply to say
that I have been home among my constituents,
and have only arrived h^re to-day. I found some
malignant diseases prevailing at home, ana among
ihe rest the small-pox; and I do not know bur
that I mny have ic now. My wife was vaccinated
when I was at home; and in ti.ivehns:on here,she
became very sick und feverish, and I have been
caring for nor all the afternoon.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. J move that my
colleague be discharged.
The motion wa.J agreed to.
Mr. ITUGIIES. I believe that the object of
the call is to bring m n quorum.
[Cries of " No," Nn.'"j
Mr. HUGHES. Tiiere has been no quorum
here up to tins time, um.l the arrival of Mi. Cox.
I think there is now a quotum here.
Mr. MORGAN. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. There is no question pend-
ing before the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I was going to make a mo-
tion that all further proceedings under the call be
dispensed with.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HUGHES. I shall submit no motion.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Zollicoffek, you have
been brought to the bar of the House for absent-
ing: yourself from us sittings without the permis-
sion of the House. What reason have you to
assign for your absence'
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have none other than
that I supposed the time had come when the
House ought to adjourn, and that it probably
had adjourned.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that my colleague
be discharged from arrest: and inasmuch as he
seems to have no very good excuse, that he be
required to pay the fees.
The motion was agtecd to.
Mr. Trippe.
Mr. TRIX^PE. Mr. Speaker, this is the first
time I have over been caught in this category. I
have not been arrested. I came here voluntarily.
I thought the House had adjourned. Indeed, 1
had heard so, and was thunderstruck when I
found that the House was still m session.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. As from the in-
formation which the gentleman from Georgia has
given us, it seems that this is the lirst time that
Trippe has tripped, 1 move that he be discharged
upon the payment of the fees. [Laughter, j
The motion wns ngrued to.
The .SPEAKER- Mr. C uy, what rep",on have
you to give for your absence r
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I came here this
morning suffering and coughing like a funeral,
when I ought not to have left my house. I came
here, sir, because I believed that the Clayton-thd-
wer resolutions would perhaps come up to-dnv,
and I had determined, that if i died m my tt\u ks
here in the House, and in this f-eat, I would reas-
sert and maintain the Monroe doctrine. [Much
laughter.] I staid here,sn, for hours, suffeting
greatly, and finally supposing that upon the rising
of the committee, end upon the report of my hon-
orable colleague from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] whom 1 do not see here now, [laughter,]
the House was about to adjourn, and that there
would be no chance for the Clayton-Bulwer reso-
lutions to-day, or for me to die in my tracks in
. their defense, [laughter;] I therefore supposed
I thatitwou'd be better foi me to r 'turn to the place
\ from which I ought not to have come this mom-
: mg—to mv bed home. I wph summoned, not
by the S'Ugeant-at-Arms of this House, but by
' quite a young man, with a cap on, [laughter,]
"who said he came from the Serire.mt-at-Aimu.
and I immediately determined to obey the man-
dates of this House, wheeler by if; highest ex-
ecutive officer, or by anybody who pietended to
represent it; and 1 come, end now submit myself
very respeenV'ly tj the control of the ijouM"1.
Mr. MORGAN. On of the.'/ivat .-nT-
fering which lie- gentleman has u.<d'-i gois<*, I move
that he be disch.utvd <">n payment of tlie
Mr. GREEXWOOH i 'hiu alter the
statement of the gentleman from Kentucky, he
ought to be discharged withou* costs. He has
stated to the Kou^o that lie ough* not to have left
his bed this morning, and I understand thul the
remark was not undo m jest, bet tn ail smcvity.
I move to amend ine motion o'' the gentleman from
New York, by striking out the payment of fees
The amendment v. as dif-asreed u .
Mi. Morgan's motion wf.-i then acrcd to.
The Sti£t aot-at-Arms oopeaked .and uu-unnced
th-it, id ob".:K'",i«;« to the o.dei or'the House, Mr.
Mrj.<e>v va^ presi• :ii v. uhm «h" l\u*.
The S PEA KER. Mi. Mills un\ you have been
airesud and o.ou:;ht to the bar oi the Mouse for
absenting yourself from hs sittings without the
permission of the Hons-.. W hat reason he.\ e you
to assign for vouraosenee ?
Mr. "Ml LLSON. i have not been ubsent all
the tunc voluntarily. I have be-m <i yiiig for some
time pest to eet into the H ou^". I had' not mt?mU d
to abr-ent mys-df from ti>c IIous^. My purpose
was to stay in the Hous:^ un:-i us adjouenm-mt.
I Vv'os hore and \oted on tin* question ofadjourn-
ment. Immediately after voting, having a lady in
thp gallery under my charge, I went out and at-
tended her to an omnibus, intending and expect-
ing to return before the conclusion of the roll-call.
On my way back, I met tw6 or three members of
the House who told me the House had adjourned.
I did not doubt the fact, but in order to be par-
ticularly correct and accurate, I walked on and
inquired of two or three gentlemen, and they made
the same statement, that the House had adjourned.
I did not doubt the fact, and 1 then went home.
I casually learned afterwards that the flag was
still flying, and I returned to the House.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman be discharged on the payment of
the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Would it be in
order to move that the names of those who have
not come in be read ?
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that, could be done. There are one hundred and
eighteen absentees.
Air. ENGLISH. Is it in order to move to take
up the resolution toafaprogate the Clayton-Bulwer
convention for the gentleman from Kentucky r
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, no
quorum being present
Mr. COLFAX. Is it in order to inquire whether
the Sergeant-at-Ai ms has yet found the where-
abouts of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means } [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No return has been made.
Mr. MOORE. With a view to see whether a
quoium is present, I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The, yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOORE 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of ihe Chair. After the House proceeds to the
call, and takes the excuses of such members as
pteseut themselves, would it not be competent to
make a motion fixing some day next week for
hearing the excuses of those who are still absent *
I see by Cushmg's Parliamentary Manual that
that course has been adopted m the British House
of Commons, and that it has been adopted here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is no
quorum here to do that.
The SPEAKER. Less than a quorum can
order the attendance of members.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Can less than a quo-
rum fix some future day for hearing excuses?
Mr. CLEMENS. If less than a quorum can
compel the attendanceof members, I think itcan.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
J-Io'ise adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I demand the yeas and nays.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. ' I have been here
ov-u' nine lioui s.
Mr. W1NSLOW. Is the question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not propose
to debate it.
Mr. W1NSLOW. The gentleman has made a
motion lo adjourn, and it must be put without
deij
?Jr, GARNETT If the House adjourns will
not the mourners 'he Scrgeant-at-Arms arrests re-
in. Mil in h;s cuo'ody until the morning?
The SPEAKER. The precedents seem to be
in conflict on the subj'.c. U is stated that pro-
ceedings ('!i a etui of the House may be terminated
at a.'v time, by d vote, and that, in that case,
''u-mLm'j s under arrest arc thereby discharged. It
is fmthi.r stow d, that m the mean time, members,
und'-r the  ulij, ? hough, personally present, are not
allowed to pariicmare in the proceedings, or are
not v, 'r(r,).;^ni as members of the assembly by
the P/e.: <hn<r OHicer
M:\ JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
no nay° on Ins motion.
Mr. VvTN^LOW call
led for tellers on the yeas
and lnys.
Tobeis v.->-re not ordeied.
Tii-j yeas and novr* were not ordered.
The oiustion was taken; and tho motion was
not agrcd to.
The Seigeant-nt-Arms appeared, and reported
that, m obedience to the order of the House,
Messrs. Jenkins, John Cochrane, and Hatch,
; were now before the bar of the House.
, The SPEAKER. Mr. Jenkins, of Virginia,
you have been arrested and brought before the
