86
tMt CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
1, bo remained calm and serene. He
Was, indeed, one amongst a thousand.
" His daily prayer, far "better understood
In acts than words, was simply doing good.
So calm, so constant, was liis rectitude,
That l>y his loss alone we know its worth,
And feel how true aman has walked with us on earth."
My acquaintance with Senator Bell was lim-
ited to the two years he spent in the public ser-
vice here; but; besides what I learned of his char-
acter from that association, I have heard much of
him from citizens of his native State. Without
exception, all have spoken of him in terms of
admiration and esteem. His popularity was of
that kind -which Mansfield declared was alone
valuable—whicliranafterinstead of being run after
by its recipient. He was always a friend to the
popr—their frequent counselor, their voluntary
and unpaid attorney, their generous contributor.
He had no enemies, for he trespassed on no man's
rights, and warred with no man's preferences;
but performing his own duties in private life, and
bearing his own testimony in public life, as he
felt that his conscience and his judgment required
him to do, he left all others equally free to be
guid«d by the same monitors. Indeed, his char-
acter seemed to have been formed in exquisite
unison with that model laid down by the Apostle
James: " First pure, then peaceable; gentle and
easy to be entreated; full of mercy and good fruits;
without parflality and without hypocrisy."
I will not enter with any poor words of formal
sympathy into that bereaved circle,
" Where, in the shadow of this great affliction,
The soul sits dumb."
But I know,by the patient care and never-ceasing
attention which I saw his daughter give to her
invalid father, whose incurable disease was slow-
ly but steadily undermining all the bulwarks of
life, that the blow which has fallen lias been one
of no ordinary sadness, and that human sym-
pathy would be unavailing to alleviate its rigor,
or to lighten its weight.
But, sir, these occasions are utterly profitless
tinless we use them for our own improvement.
The dead are beyond our eulogy or our censure.
But the frequency with which, as Senators and
Representatives, as well as citizens and friends,
wo crowd around the open grave or the gloomy
coffin, admonishes the living that even now the
last sailds of our own hour-glass may be falling,
and the vail between us and the happy future
we are looking to on earth, already descending.
Yesterday the Palmetto State mourned, in these
Halls, the ioss of her venerable Senator. To-day
the Granite State follows her example. And,
with these notes of sorrow from the South and
the North, how fJUy can the West sympathize,
where, in a single State, three members of the
last and present Congress have been called to the
last home appointed for all the living. Soon all
of us shall be with them.
Let it bo our earnest endeavor so to act that,
when the gates of life, after creaking awhile on
their hinges, have closed behind us forever, we
shall not be gladly forgotten by our friends anil
associates before this frail tenement has mould-
ered into its kindred dust, or the funeral flowers
of the churchyard have blossomed over our
§ raves; but rather leave behind us histories em-
almed in their memories, and worthy of their
approval and imitation. Then, when we join, as
each one of us in turn must join, " that innumer-
able caravan which moves on to the pale realms
of shade," we may,asdid the Senator from New
Hampshire, when be turned his face to the wall,
and his back on the world, go down to the valley
of the shadow of Death with that calm and un-
shaken confidence and faith which robs its untried
pathways of their terror, while itconsolesso inex-
pressibly the sorrowing kindred whom we leave
behind.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. Seldom has a
tttore pervading sense of sorrow and loss been
apparent in our Now England towns and villages !
than was manifested when the telegraph bore to
them the intelligence of the death of James Bell i
of New Hampshire. Although Mr. Bell had
been in public life but for a brief period, he had
come to be regarded, particularly in the section
of country where he resided, as one of the truest
and ablest men in the public service. A genuine
patriot and truly good man, however quiet he
may be in his tastes and retiring in his manners,
is sure to be recognized and appreciated. He
does not live to himself alone; and, while assum-
ing nQfhing, exerts a known and lasting influence
upon his time, and wins for himself the respect
and homage of his fellow-men. And so it was
that the streets of the sequestered village which
had been honored as the residence of the departed
statesman, on that placid summer day, set apart
for his funeral, were filled with stricken and
mourning friends—the great and the distinguished
joining hand in hand with the poor and lowly—
from near and far, who had come,self-summoned,
to lay a garland on the bier of one who had been
respected, honored, trusted, and Ioved'as none
but the noble and generous ever can be. And so
it was, too, that those who had never seen him,
but who had moved within the range of his in-
fluence—as who in our northern country had not?
—were affected when they learnt that God's fin-
ger had touched him, as if a long-tried and valued
friend had passed from their midst.
Senator Bell ranked among the leading minds
of his native State. His perceptions were clear
and exact, and his reflective faculties, vigorous
and reliable; and, if life and health had beencon-
tinucd to him, it cannot be doubted that he would
have well maintained the position in the Senate of
the United State^vhich his associates had assigned
him, among the ablest and most useful members
of that body. With the high order of intellect
which he unquestionably possessed, and his large
and varied acquirements; with his firmness and
his gentleness; his candor and his prudence; his
perfect honesty, so unassailable and so unpre-
tending; his all-embracing charity; his courtesy
and geniality, he was at once the statesman, the
patriot, and the gentleman. To no man whom
it has been my good fortune to know could be
more fittingly applied the words of the author of
" In Memoriam;" ho
" Best seemed tlic thing he was, and joined
Each office of the social hour
To noble manners, as the flower
And native growth of noble mmd.
" Nor ever narrowness or spite,
Or villain fancy fleeting by,
Drew in the expulsion of an eye,
Where God and Nature met in light.
" And thus he bore, without abuse,
The grand old name of gentleman,
Defamed by every charlatan,
And soiled with all ignoble use,'*
The resolutions were then adopted; and the
House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 1G, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. D. P. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Treasurer of the United
States, communicating copies of his accounts for
the third and fourth quarters of the year 1856,
and the first and second quarters of the year 1857;
which was, on motion of Mr. Hunter, ordered
to lie on the table.
ELECTION OF PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Ordired, That the Senate will, to-morrow, at one o'clock,
proceed to t.hc election of a Public Printer, to do tlie public
printing for me Thirty Fifth ConsiMU, in 'accordance with
tiic eialuli section of the "Act to provide for executing the
public punting, and establishing the puces thereof, and foi
otiiei purposes," appioved the JOtb of August, 1852.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer a resolution which I de-
sire to have considered at once:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate ail correspondence between the Execu-
tive depaitment and the present Governor of Kansas, to-
gether with such orders and instructions as. have been
issued to said Governor, in relation to the affairs of said
Temtory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment, which I presume the Senator from Missis-
sippi will accept. Itis to add the words " together
with the constitution and schedule referred to in
the annual message."
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
RECfilSS IFOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BIGGS submitted the following resolution;
and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved h/ the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
when the two Houses adjottm on the 23d instant, they ad-
journ to meet on Monday, the 4th of January nest.
Objection being made, the resolution lies over
for future consideration.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr; ALLEN. 1 suppose that to-day9 at one
o'clock, we proceed to the election of the stand-
ing committees, in pursuance of the resolution
adopted on Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
has already been made.
Mr. ALLEN. Yes, sir. I wish Senators to
understand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We had better elect them •
now.
Mr. HUNTER. Had we not better proceed
to select the standing committees now, as the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] wishes to
be heard at one o'clock, for which hour he has
the floor ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o*clock having been fixed as the time for
choosing the committees, it can be done now only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose there will be no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
no objection, the Senate will proceed now to the
election of the standing committees of the body.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 offer this resolution;
Resolved, That the members of the standing commit-
tees be arranged as follows:
On Foreign Relations-*Messrs. Mason, (chairman,)
Douglas, Slidell, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, and Foot.
On Finance—Meabrs. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearce, Gwin,
Blight, Biggs, Fessendcn, and Cameron.
On Commerce—Messis. Clay, (chairman,) Benjamin,
Bigler, Toombs, Reid, Allen, and Hamlin.
On Military Affairs and Militia—Messrs. Davis, (ehaii-
man,) Fitzpatnck, Johnson of Arkansas, Iverson, Broder-
ick, wilson, and King.
On Naval Affairs-~yiesnrs. Mallory, (chairman,) Thom-
son of New Jersey, Slidell, Allen, Evans, Bell, and Hale.
On the Judiciary—Messrs Bayatd, (chairman,) Toombs,
Pugh, Benjamin, Green, Collamer, and Trumbull.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Ma^vs. Yulee,
(chairman,) Bigler, Gwin, Fitch, Thomson of New Jeisey,
Hale, and Dixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Stuart, (chairman,) Johnson
of Arkansas, Pugh, Broderick, Johnson of Tennessee, Fos-
ter, and Hailan.
On Private Land Claims-'Messrs. Benjamin,(chairman,)
Biggs, Thompson of Kentucky, Kennedy, and Durkee.
On Indian Ajfaiib— Messrs. Sebastian, (chairman,)
Brown, Reid, Fitch, Bell, Houston, and Doohtfle.
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones, (chairman,) Thomson of
New Jersey, Clay, Bates, Thompson of Kentucky, Foster,
and King.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Evans, (chairman.)
Bates, Crittenden, Wi!«on, and Durkee.
On Claims—Messis, lverson, (chairman,) Mallory, Polk,
Simmons, and Clark.
On the Distiict of Columbia—Messrs. Brown, (chair-
man.) Mason, Johnson of Tennessee, Bigler, Kennedy,
Hamlm, and Chandler.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Reid, (chair-
man,) Evans, Yulee, Simmons, and Trnmbull.
On PuLhc Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Bright,(chair-
man,) Davis, Dougla*, Bayard, and Clark.
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,) Jones, Se-
bastian, Fitzpatnck, Cteen, Collamer. and Wade.
To Audit and Control Contingent Expenses—Messrs.
Erans, (chairman,) Wright, and Dixon.
OnPnnfi £—Messrs. Johnson of Arkansas, (chairman,)
Fitzpatnck, and Cameion.
On En<*ros->ed Bills—Messrs. Wright, (chairman,) Big-
ler. and IlaiJan,
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones, (chairman,) Brown,
and Doolittlc.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) Bayard,
and Hunter.
Mr. HAMLIN, Mr. President, I propose to
state briefly, the reasons which will control the
vote I shall give, and why f shall not vote for the
resolution which has been submitted by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. I object to the cast of
the committees because they are unjust, dispro-
portionate, and sectional; and I intend to show,
as briefly as I can, the truth of each of these
propositions.
In a time like the present, when the slave power
has seized upon the judicial department of tho
Government, and when that branch has already
undertaken to decide political questions upon a
record which shows that a decision was attempted
on an issue not before them, and at a period of
time when the Executive of the country is tied
up aad bound down by that power, and a great
