86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompon Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them from invasion ; and on application of the Le-
gislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence."
The whole section was framed for the purpose
of suppressing violence or irregularities leading
to the overthrow of a republican form of govern-
ment in any State of this union. Such, it is evident,
was its design, from the history of the provision.
I have here the Madison Papers. They are the
history, as you, sir,and honorable Senators well
know, of the debates which took place in the con-
vention which adopted the Constitution. I find
here the provision guarantying a republican form
of Government to all the States by the United
States, in the original draft which was presented
by Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, to the convention.
It may be useful, Mr. President, to look at the
history of these matters. You can get the mean-
ing, the force, and the application of these various
provisions of the Constitution better by studying
their history and their alteration from time to
time, as they passed through the convention, than
in almost any other way. You see the source
from which they came, you see the object for
which they were offered, you see the various mod-
ifications which took place as they went along;
and then it enables you to judge of the precise
bearing they may have. I have before me the
second volume of the Madison Papers; and I find
in this volume that Mr. Edmund Randolph, of
Virginia, opened the main business of the conven-
tion. He came forward with apian of govern-
ment, which had in it especially these two provi-
sions of the Constitution: That the Congress may
admit new States; and that the United States shall
guaranty to every State of this Union a republi-
can form of government. They were in his ori-
ginal plan. They were, I think, in the plan of Mr.
Charles Pinckney, presented afterwards; but I
wish only to call your attention, Mr. President,
to the original form, that you may see what was
the draft, what was the object, and what was the
intention of those who brought it into the con-
vention. It stood then, not as it stands now; but
it was the eleventh provision of Mr. Randolph's
plan;
"Reioli'nl, Tii.il ,i it'juiblieaa foini uf ^"ivcinmriit. ,im!
the Terntnry of  wh State, o\eeptin tlx* ui-.unr<>nt'a vol-
untary junction of government ami territory, ought to be
guarantied by the United States to caeh State."
Here was the object. There was then a con-
troversy going on in regard to the boundaries of
States. Virginia made large claims to territory;
jNew York made large claims to territory; other
States made large claims to territory. The ob-
ject of this resolution was not entirely to procure
a guaranty of its form of government to each
State, but it was to procure the guaranty of its
territory as well, to bring in the United States to
defend and maintain all the boundaries which
Virginia had a lawful right to. .But before the
debate on this proposition got through, it was
suggested in convention that Congiess ought not
to be committed to a quarrel about terntory, and
hence that provision was struck out. It then
went on further to say:
That < 'ongiess hhaSl guaranty a republican form of j;ov-
crnment."
Then, a little further, it was changed to read in
this way:
"Revolved, That a republican constitution, and its ex-
isting law<, ought to he guarantied to each State hy tiie
United *Stat<w.*'
That was the form it once assumed. It was
said by some member of the convention, that he
would not hk<> to guaranty the laws of Rhode
Island, which held a charter under the crown.
Some further objection was made, and they struck
it out. It was for the protection, safety, and
tranquillity of the old States, that it was put in
here, and not with a direct reference to the new
States. I think Senators go beyond the war-
ranty of the Constitution, they go too far, when
they eay that this provision was adopted with
reference to the new States alone, if fhev do say
so. 1 am not cer'ain that anybody ha? said that
distinctly, but everybody who has spoken seems
to construe it as peculiarly applicable to the new
States, and that Congress have no further discre-
tion than to say, that every form of government
is republican. I contend that we have a right to
go much further, pnd T pioposc to go much fur-
ther in this debate. I propose to look at the Le-
compton constitution from its beginning to its
end. I propose to discuss its provisions. I pro-
pose to say why I object to - them, and if I can
persuade Senators that my objections are well
founded, to do so. I have, I think, a clear right
to do so.
It will appear further, Mr. President, that this
provision that Congress may admit new States,
was not intended to cramp the discretion of Con-!
gress, but to leave the whole matter to the sound
discretion of the Congress of the United States,
as is evident from the history of this provision:
Congress may admit new States into the Union.
Keep the language, Mr. President, if you please,
in your mind. That was a part of Mr. Ran-
dolph's plan, not precisely as it stands there, but
in these words:
" Resolved, That provision ought to be made for the ad-
mbaion of States lawfully aiising within the limits of the
United States."
It was not contemplated by anybody, when this
provision was brought into the convention, nor
when it was adopted, as far as I have been able
to trace, that we were to take territory beyond
the then territory of the United States, and make
new States. It was not proposed; and hence this
proposition said, in the original draft, that—
" Piovision ought to be made for the admission of States
lawfully arising withm the limits of the United States"—
—not out of it—
—"whether fiom voluntaiy junction of government and
terntory, or otherwise, with the consent of a number of
voices in the National Legislature less than tiie whole."
Now I want to call the attention of honorable
Senators to the history of this provision,. It shows
distinctly what was its meaning, and what was
intended by it. Congress may admit new States.
The original proposition was that they should
admit them out of the then territory of the Uni-
ted States. Then it went further: there was a
proposition before the convention that Congress
should admit new States out of the territory of
the United States upon an equality with the old
States. Does anybody pretend, will anybody
say, that Congress lias the right to admit a new
State on a different footing from the old States?
I do not say that; yet I will prove to you, from
the history of these debates, and from the various
modifications that were made to this provision of
the constitution, that that provision for putting
new States on an equality with the old States was
struck out of that provision upon deliberation and
upon motion for the very purpose of bringing in
new States if they chose, not upon an equality with
the old States. I will not go through all the va-
rious forms this provision assumed as it traveled
through the convention. I will call your attention
directly to the point I have in mind. At one time
m the progress of this debate, the proposition in
rugatd to new States assumed this form, that
Congress may admit new States into the Union:
u Tf the admission be consented to, the new States shall
be admitted on the fame teuus, with the original States."
ilere was a proposition distinctly made to tie
down the discretion of Congress to the footing of
the old States; that they should not have the
power to admit a new State, unless it came ill on
the footing of the old States. 1 am not contend-
ing, and do not let me be so understood, that it
would be wise; I will not even contend here that
Congress has the power, for that is not my pur-
pose, that is not what I am after; I will not con-
tend that it would be wise, neither will I contend
that Congress has power, to admit a new State ex-
cept mi an equal fooliug with the oldStates. What
I am after, is to show that there was a provision
m the original draft of the Constitution, and upon
deliberation, upon motion, upon argument pro and f
C011; the con volition struck it out, for the very pur- !
pose of bringing the western Slates into the gov-
ernment 011 a different footing. Let me read from
these debates. They are very instructive:
-'Amele seventeenth being then taken up"—
—which is this in regard to the new States—
"Mr. Goiivernenr liio.ns moved to strike out tile two Inst
sentences, to \\ it: "if the admi.-sion be con.-euted to, the
new Stales -hall bo adrmtuJ on the s.,unc teims with the
oti^inat ^aite-*.'1 "
Gouverneur Morris, of Pennsylvania, moved
to strike out that provision. He did not like it; he
did not want new States to come in on an equal
footing. I will show you, because the debate
shows it, that he also moved to strike out the fur-
ther provision:
" But the Legislature may make conditions with the new
States concerning the public debt which shall then be sub-
sisting."
This is the reason he gave for his motion:
" He did not wish to bind down the Legislature to admit
western States on the terms here stated."
That is, on equal terms. He did not want to
bind Congress to do it. They should have a dis-
cretion.
"Mr. Madison opposed the motion ; insisting that the
western States neither would nor ought to submit to a union
which degraded them from an equal rank with the other
States."
I think there is force in the objection. The old
States were fearful that the new States formed in
the western Territories would grow into a large
representation; and it might be they would be
able to out-vote the old States by and by, as they
are very likely to do, if they have not already
done so. He was fearful of that.
"Mr. Madison opposed the motion; insisting that the
western States neither would nor ought to submit to a union,
which degiaded them from an equal rank with the other
States."
" Colonel Mason. If it were possible, by just means, to
prevent emigration to the western country, it might be good
policy."
It was not designed then to fill up the western
country with emigrant people from the old States,
and make States so fast. There was no idea of
having them control the thirteen old States. If
you would prevent emigration, said Colonel Ma-
son, it would be good policy:
" But go the people will, as they find it for their interest;
and the best policy is to tieatthem with that equality which
will make them fitends, not enemies.
" Mr. Gouveineur Moiris did not mean to di^eouragp the
growth of the western country. He knew that to be im-
possible. He did not wish, however, to thr$w the power
into their hand-;.
"Mr. Sheiman was asatnst the motion, and for fixing
an equality of privileges by the constitution."
He was in favor of striking out, but he was for
fixing an equality in the constitution:
" Mr. Langdon was in favor of the motion."
The President of the Senate of the First Con-
gress, from New Hampshire, Mr. Langdon, was
in favor of the motion:
" lie did not know but circumstances might arise, which
would render it inconvenient to admit new Staies on terms
of equalirv.
" Mr. Williamson was for leaving the Legislature free.
The existing small States enjoy an equality now, and for
that reason are admitted to it in the Senate. This reason
is not applicable to now western States."
On Gouverneur Morris's motion, the question
being fairly put: Shall that provision confining
thera to an equality with the old States be stricken
out? New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecti-
cut, New Jersey,Pennsylvania, Delaware, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, all voted "ay"
to strike it out. We do not want new States upon
an equality. We want them under control, so that
we can fix them as we please. If their represent-
ation is going to overshadow ours we want to limit
it. But when they came to adopt a constitution
afterwards, they fixed the equality of representa-
tion, which, it seems to me, controlled the whole
matter on that point. Or the motion to strike out,
there were nine in favor of it, and two against it,
from Maryland and Virginia.
It seems to me conclusively shown, by this
history of the provision, that the whole matter,
whether we should admit new States on an equal-
ity with the old States, was left to the sound
discretion of Congress. Congress was to say
whether it would admit them. Congress was the
Legislature for the thirteen old States. It could
examine the situation of those old States; it knew
their wants; it knew their requirements, and
could say whether new States should come in
better than any other body. The whole matter
was left 111 the discretion of Congress. I do not
say that that is to be an arbitrary discretion; I ito
not say that it is to be just as this or that man sap-
poses; but I do say it is to be an exercise of sound
discretion—such a discretion as honorable Sena-
tors and honorable members of the House of Rep-
resentatives might be supposed to exercise, gov-
erned by all the eonsideiations that enter into so
momentous a question: governed by those va-
rious considerations as to the position, a3 to the
