1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
party, called Democratic, has no other standard
by which to measure its men—no other alembic
through which all its principles are distilled—it is
a time when every good man should carefully
examine the mode and manner in which each
branch of the Government is administered, and,
in so far as he may be able, aid in bringing it
back to what our fathers made it and intended it
should be.
On the organization of the committees of the
Senate every Senator knows the form and direc-
tion of the business of the Senate is mainly de-
pendent. It is through these committees, to a
■very great extent—to much the greatest extent—
that the business of the Senate is prepared and
presented to the Senate for its action. Now, sir,
as one of a minority in this body, personally I
can say—and I think I may truly say that I be-
lieve I represent the whole minority personally—
we might have 110 objection to any cast that the
majority of the Senate might see fit to impose
upon us. We do not seek responsibility person-
ally. We do not ask for position for the purpose
of position. Eut as the representatives of equal
States, we have obligations imposed upon us from
which we cannot and ought not to shrink. As
the representatives of equal States, we are enti-
tled to an equal representation in the organiza-
tion of this body, and are under obligations to
our constituencies to discharge, so far as we may
be able, the duties that are incumbent upon us
here.
I have affirmed that these committees, as cast
under this resolution, are unequal, unjust, and
sectional. What are the facts? We have sixty-
two members of the Senate—thirty-two are from
- the non-slaveholdmg States, thirty are from the
slaveholding States. The whole number of places
upon committees is one hundred and twenty-
six. Numerically, upon an equal representation,
there should be assigned to Senators from the
slave States sixty-one places, and to Senators
from the free States sixty-five. The cast, al-
though it has been slightly modified this morn-
ing, I think is not substantially changed. As it
was made and presented to the minority, I sup-
pose the changes will not exceed one. By that
cast there were assigned to the slave States six-
ty-seven, and to the free States fifty-nine, show-
ing a disproportion of ten. The whole number
of committees of the Senate is twenty-two. Of
these committees there are from the slave States
to be found majorities on thirteen, and majorities
of but nine from the free States; and of these
nine where majorities are composed of Senators
from the free Stales, three are wholly unimport-
ant—the Committees on Enrolled Bills, Engrossed
Bills, arid to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate—leaving, therefore, in
fact, the proportion of thirteen to six.
Tracing the matter along still further, I find that
the party with whom T act on this floor consists
of twenty, being within a fraction of one third of
the Senate. They are entitled, upon terms of
equality, to thirty-nine places upon the commit-
tees; they have thirty-three assigned to them.
Seven of those thirty-three are on the unimport-
ant committees to which I have alluded, leaving
them actually but twenty-six on committees of
any considerable importance. I find that on six-
teen committees of the Senate the chairmen are
selected from the slave States, and on six from
the free States. I find, to guard the succession,
(for I can come to no other conclusion,) precisely
an equal number of men from the slave States
stand second upon the committees to insure the
succession, when, by declination, resignation, or
the expiration of their term, they shall withdraw
from the Senate.
But numerically, although important, it is a
matter of much less importance than the particu-
lar manner in which the individual committees
are cast. With only two exceptions, (and com-
pared with the others they are somewhat unim-
portant,) the great, the principal committees, that
reflect the Government, that establish its policy
abroad and at home, are all cast with majorities
of southern men. It is a significant fact; it is a
fact pregnant with mischief; it is a fact of which
the country will not fail to take notice. I say,
sir, that the executive and judicial departments
of the Government are now at the foot of the
slave power. Here we have the Committee 011
Foreign Relations, that shapes and directs the
foreign policy of the Government; we have the
Committee on Military Affairs, that looks to its
Army; we have the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that has charge of its Navy, we have a Committee
on the Judiciary, which gives constructions to
laws and shapes the policy (so far as the Legis-
lature may) of the Government; we find them all
constituted of a majority of men who represent
the slaveholding States. I make no objection
personally. I want these facts to go to the coun-
try, that they may know the mode and manner
in which the legislative business is prepared and
shaped, and how it is that it is perverted to the
behests, and to subserve the purpose of the slave
interest in the country. Who cannot see the
objects to be accomplished plainly foreshadowed?
The majority of the Senate, it is frankly con-
ceded, are entitled to a control in the organization
of the committees. But it is this sectional man-
ner of which wc have right to complain, and to
which we enter a protest; and from such an
organization we have a right to infer the object
to be effected.
Another fact: I find that the Committee on
Commerce, with a majority of southern men, is
entirely without a representative in all the far
Northwest, including the great lakes and rivers.
With four of its members from the South, there
is not one man to represent the internal commerce
of the lakes, that is counted by its hundred
millions. More, sir, I would like very well, in-
deed, to know why the usual rule was departed
from in this case, and why the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart,] who so ably and faithfully
has represented the commercial interests of the
Northwest, was made to give place, if it be not
for the purpose of shaping the legislation of the
country to prostrate the commerce of that section
of the Union ? I think we have a right—all Sen-
ators have a right to their opinions—to come to
the conclusion that the committee was formed and
instituted for that purpose, from the known pub-
lic opinions that a majority of that committee, I
think, have uniformly expressed against internal
improvements of all kinds. But a single posi-
tion on that committee has been assigned to this
side of the Chamber, and none for the large sec-
tion embraced 111 the northwestern lakes, and the
commerce of the lakes and rivers.
Again, sir, I look at the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, and I find a majority of
that committee constituted of southern Senators.
They are worthy men—I make no complaint of
the Senators who occupy the positions on these
committees; but it is to their sectional cast that 1
object, and the purposes which we have a right
to believe are designed to flow from that organ-
ization. That committee is composed of three
gentlemen from the southern States and two from
the North, giving to that section the control of
all its action. While I know that, if there is an
honest man in this body who will devote his ener-
gies honestly to its purpose, 1 say cheerfully it
is the worthy Senator from South'Carolina [Mr.
Evans,] still, when we look at the fact, that of
the inventive genius and eutei prise of the country,
more than four fifths, if not nine tenths, comes
from another section of the Union, I ask if it
were not right that they might reasonably have
expected men who feel a local and personal as
well as a national interest in that department of
our Government in what relates to arts and in-
ventive genius ?
Again, sir, I look to the Committee on the Li-
brary,and I find there 110 representative whatever
from the North. Is it because the North are not
qualified for the position ? Is it because they have
not as deep, as broad an interest in whatever may
relate to the affairs of our library, to the litera-
ture and learning of our country, as southern Sen-
ators ? Why is it, unless it be for the purpose
of taking care of your library so that it be not
tainted with those "doctrines of the fathers who
formed the Constitution of our country?
I say that the whole form and shape of these
committees mark and stamp them with a section-
alism which I had hoped never to have witnessed
in this body. They come to me in that way and
m such circumstances that cannot command my
approbation or my vote. But I do not propose to
take up the time of the Senate in discussing them
in detail. I have only risen for the purpose of
stating these objections to the commi ttees, and pre-
senting these facts as the reason why I shall with-
hold my vote from the resolution, and shall vofe
against it on the question of its adoption.
iMr. WILSON. I ask fbr the ye&s and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question preliminary to that. Under the rules,
this resolution can only be received by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The resolution is before the Senate for, action; ■
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not rise, sir, to ob-
ject to any of the individuals who have been named
as the persons to fill the various committees of this
body; nor do I rise to question in the slightest
degree the right, as it is undoubtedly the power,
of the majority to appoint committees for whose
action they are to be held responsible to the Senate
and to the country. I confess, sir, that I am embar-
rassed in rising to make any suggestion whatever.
The deference which I owe to this body, and theap-
prehension lest I might go beyond the proprieties
which are due to my position, press hard upon
me to remain silent altogether; but there is one
of the committees about to be constructed, in
which the State that I have the honor in part to
represent is most deeply interested; and I should
be false to my position here, if I did not rise, if
but to say a single word, and address myself to
the majority of this body in relation to the con-
struction of that committee. I refer to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
In looking over the honorable names which
have been suggested to fill that committee, I Snd
that all those persons resice in States where it is
to be supposed their interests and their sympa-
thies would be confined almost entirely to the
commerco of the Atlantic and the Gulf. I speak
not of the formation of this committee, either in
its sectional aspectas between the North and the
South, or between the Democratic and the Repub-
lican parties in this body. I look upon the con-
struction of this committee in a very different
light. With the exception of the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who is
named, and who of course must feel an interest
in the commerce of the great rivers to a certain
extent, and the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
BiglerJ who may be said in a certain degree to
represent the interests of river commerce, and in a
very slight degree the interests of the lakes—with
these exceptions, the whole commerce of the lakes
and the rivers, as well as the commerce of the
Pacific coast, is utterly ignored.
Sir, I have been looking into this subject. A
book is before me which refers to the amount of
the commerce of the lakes in 1851. I beg leave
to state the amount of that commerce, as estimated
in that year. The number of tons by measure-
ment was two hundred and fifteen thousand nine
hundred and seventy-five, and the value of
the commerce transported in those vessels was
$314,472,458. The value of the river commerce
was estimated at §339,502,724. By looking into
the book on Commerce and Navigation, which
has been kid before us, I find that the amount of
tonnage upon the lakes is now four hundred and
fourteen thousand tons, and the tonnage upon the
rivers is two hundred and fifty-five thousand tons.
If the estimate which was made in 1851 of the
value of the commerce be correct, and if it may
be assumed as a basis upon which to estimate the
value of the present commerce of the lakes pass-
ing in those vessels, it exceeds $600,000,000—an
amount almost equal to the entire imports and
exports of the United States to-day. Add to this
the commerce upon the rivers, and all this vast
commerce upon these inland seas and rivers, as
well as the commerco of the Pacific coast, is ig-
nored almost altogether in the construction of this
committee.
I beg to appeal to the majority of this body,
to ask if it is right, if it be just, to ignore .this
vast commercial interest? I appeal to them, be-
fore it be too late, to reconstruct this committee
in such a form that the commerce of the Pacific,
as well as that of the lakes and rivers, may be
represented upon this committee, as well as the
commerce of the Atlantic and the Gulf.
Let me remind yoa, Mr. President, that our
relative positions may change on this subject.
When Oregon, and Kansas, and Nebraska, and
Minnesota, as well as California, Wisconsin,
Iowa, Illinois, and all the other States which are
interested in the commerce of the lakes and riv-
ers, shall be represented on this floor, ttey may
