1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
any reason for absenting myself from the sittings i
of the House. I left here about half past four ;
o'clock, and went to my dinner. I have not been j
waited on by the officer of the House. 1 returned t
voluntarily, seeing: a light in the dome, and sup- :
posing that some important business might be on !
hand. I came here of my own accord. I have ,
no excuse whatever. If it be in opposition to the ■
rules of the House for me to absent myself at ,
that time, I have no apology to make. I
Mr. KELSEY. As the gentleman has no ex- 1
cuse for leaving: the House under the circum- !
stances, I move that the severest penalty inflicted j
upon any be inflicted upon him; that is, that he j
be discharged on the payment of the fees. j
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out payment i
of the fees; and I do it for this reason  !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this question 1
debatable? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is. ;
Mr IIUGHES. It was perfectly in order that j
a question of order should be raised on me before !
I had commenced. If it had not been done, this '
would have been the first time during the piesent :
session that it had not been done. j
I think, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Ohio ought not to be subject to the payment of !
fees, for the reason that the excuse he has given, '
in my opinion, is sufficient to exempt hun from i
any expense of that kind. I say this, not because i
there is anything particular in the excuse itself, ■
but I believe it is the best excuse which has been 1
given in the hearing of the House since I have ,
been present during the giving of excuses. It is j
a good excuse on the same ground tha t an old lady j
once pronounced a certain sermon the best that
she had ever heard in her life. She had been to
church, and when she had returned she told her
husband (hat she had heard the host sermon that
was ever delivered in her hearing. Her husband
asked her why it was the best. She could not
tell exactly; but u was the hist sermon she had
ever beard in her hfe. " Well," said he, " what
was the text?" " Oh, I do not know; but it was ;
the best sermon lever heard in my life." " What ;
did the minister talk about?" "Oh, I do not j
know that; but it was the best sermon I ever heard j
in my hfe." "It is a strange thing," said he,
" that you say it is the best sermon you ever heard :
in your life, and yet you cannot tell what was the i
text, or what it was he spoke of." She replied, j
" 1 do not remember the text, and I do not re- ,
member what he said; but it was the best sermon
I ever heard in all my hfe, because he spoke in
such a godly tone!" [Great laughter.]
Mr. UILLINGHURST. I rise to a question :
of order. The imposition of a fine is a matter of '
business, and the Chair has decided that loss than i
a quotum cannot tiansact business. The propo- j
sition now is to discharge the gentleman from ,
Ohio on the payment of fees. I take it that that 1
is business; and to discharge or impose a fine upon
the gentleman can be done only by a quorum.
Less than a majority cannot fine a member or in- ■
fhet any punishment whatever. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Less than a
quorum can discharge, attaching a condition to |
the discharge. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the 1
point of oid<T.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that the House
adj ourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were riot ordered; there be-
ing, on a division of the House—ayes 9, noes 71.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to discharge the gentleman from Ohio
on payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
"The Sergeant-at-Arms appears d. and reported
thai, in obedience to the order of the. House,
Messrs. Tappax, Fevfox, and Farnswortii,
were now before the bar ot the House.
Mr. HUGHES I connected my speech with
a motion. What became of the motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard the speech,
but did not hear ihe motion.
Mr. HUGHES. I refer the Chair to the Man-
ual, where the Chair will find that it is a breach
**f privilege for the Chair not to rut a question
which is in order. I made that motion in order.
If the Chair did not hoar it, it is not my fault.
The SPEAKER. As the matter has been dis-
posed of and passed, it is too 'ate for the gentle-
man to call it up.
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. GROW. I should like to know how the
Chair is to put a question which he did not hear?
Mr. CLAY. Would it Ge in order to move to
reconsider the vote, in ofder that the gentleman
may get in his amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to be heard upon my
appeal.
Mr. WIN8L0W. Is the appeal debatable?
The SPEAKER. No. But the Chair hopes
the gentleman will be indulged.
Mr. GREENWOOD. lam willing to hear the
gentleman; but some of us have, been here all day,
and I trust that the gentlemen coming in at this
late hour will not insist on making speeches.
Mr. HUGHES. I am going to speak on that
point.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to his saying a single
woid, except he is entitled to do so.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing :
Ordered, That ihe fee* 'mptv-ed, under the present call
of the House, upon the alwntec nu'inher^, be pnul out of
Ihe contingent fund of the Hoiwj, and ih.it all luriliei pio-
eoedinsn underbid c;ilJ he* di->pi'n*e<l with.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. T wish to state the grounds
of my motion. I made tlio motion to exempt the
"•en tie man from Ohio from the payment of the fees,
in good faith. I did if for tins reason, that the
House had voted to adjourn; and that it had been
announced, though not by the Speaker, that the
House had adjourned.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
confine himself to stating the grounds of his ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HUG HES. I would be glad to he indulged
in some latitude. If theChairconfines me strictly
to the appeal, I will conform to the wishes of the
Chair. All that I have to say on that subject is
this: I made the motion to srnke out the words,
"on ihe payment of fees " I made it ns distinctly
as, with the voice I have, 1 could make any mo-
tion. I suppose the Chair did not hear it. What
ought to be done in a case of that sort?
Mr. CLEMENS. I will state for the satisfac-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, what perhaps
he is not aware of himself, that there are occasions
when his volume of voice does not reach me here,
near as I am to him. It is a fault of his, in the
commencement of his speech especially, not to
speak in an audible tone, even to me here. If,
j therefore, the gentleman is so unfortunate as to
i speak jti a low tone, the remedy is, let him in-
: crease his voice.
J Mr. IIUGIIES. That is the point exactly. I
i suppose my constituents have a right to be heard '
j on this floo'i; and if they happen to send a Reni e- ]
! sentative who has not a strong voice—myself, for .
I instance, or the gentleman fiom Mississippi, [Mr. I
driTMAx] — is that a reason why they should be 1
I deptived of their right to he heard here? When 1
i a member makes a motion, and does so as loud as
that nvmber can ordinal ily speak, and the Chan, ,
i exercising the highest degtoe of diligence, does i
! not h< ar hun, it is an accident for which the mem- \
ber and his constituents aie not to be prejudiced. ,
And when the matter is brought to the attention j
; of the Chair, and the fact is ascertained, I con- ;
■ ceive that, instead of cutting oif the motion on the
! ground that it was not heard, the bettei couise ;
; would be to submit the motion to the House. j
And if I remember aright, there have been many i
: instances daring the pres-mt session in winch a
sirroLir course has Iven pursued.
| Now. I do not want to have the gentleman from
, Ohio, [Mr. Grolsbcck,] or any other gentleman,
subjected to any penalties m this matter, because
I conceive this whole proceeding is unnecessai y
and wrong; and 1 made the motion for the put pose
of arresting this piocess of inflicting pains and !
, penalties on membei s of the House wlio were m '
! no default, and which are ultimately to be paid I
I out of ihe contingent fund of this House, as they j
' generally arc paid, Gentlemen around mo will
testify that I made the motion in the right time.
I hope, therefore, the Chair will reconsider this
matter without a vote on the appeal, which I do
not intend to ask, because this is an appeal to the
Chair, not to the House. If the Chair does not
submit my motion I shall withdraw my appeal.
I submit to the Speaker that, on the fact being
called to his attention that the motion was made,
it would not be amiss for him to submit that ques-
tion to the House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana had called the attention of the Chair to the
fact that he had offered an amendment before the
resolution was announced to the House, the Chair
would, with great pleasure, have arrested the de-
cision of the question, and have propounded his
amendment. The Chair did nothearthe amend-
ment which the gentleman says he offered; and,
on inquiry from the Clerk, who sits nearer the
gentleman, the Chair learns that the Clerk did not
hear it. The only time for the gentleman to have
corrected the wrong action of the Chair was be-
fore the result was announced 011 the main ques-
tion. The Chair thinks it is too late now to reach
it in any other way than that indicated by thegen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] by moving
to reconsider the vote.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my appeal; and
I hope the gentleman will submit that motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 understand that, up at the President's
House, there are a large number of members of this
House now dining. I understand, further, that
an officer of this House has been there and been
refused admittance; and that he has been told by
members of that house, and by those having
the house in charge, that 110 members of this
House are there. I am told that there are mem-
bers of this House there, and, among others, the
distinguished head of the Committee of Ways and
Means, enjoying themselves, while we are sitting
here without a quorum. I think that it is a dis-
grace to the House, and I would like to know what
is to be done m a case of this kind ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a question of puvilege while the House is engaged
in the caU.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the vote, by which
Mr Giiocsbeck was discharged on payment of
fees, be reconsidered,
Mr. WASHGURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that motion on the table.
"Mr. HUGHES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
three members voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was hud on the table.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and reported
that, in obedience to the order of the House,
Messrs. Gilmer and McKibbix were now before
the bar of thedlouse.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Chapman, you have
been anested and brought before the bar of the
House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. What reasons have you
to assign for vonr absence ?
Air. CHAPMAN. Air. Speaker, I left the
Houkc between four and five o'clock under the
impression that the House would adjourn in the
course of a few minutes. I received no intima-
tion thut there had been a call of the House until
a few minutes ago, and immediately on receiving
that information I proceeded to the House and
asked admission. L was not called upon by the
Seigeant-ai-Arms, and I have shown by my alac-
rity in attending here immediately upon being in-
formed that there had been a call of the House,
that I have no desire whatever to evade the per-
formance of any duty that is incumbent upon mo
as a member of this House. This is all the ex-
cuse I have to offer.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. In considera-
tion of the great alacrity which has been displayed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and in con-
sideration, too, of his appearing to enjoy good
health—which seems to bean unusual thing with
the members of his delegation, [laughter]—1 trust
he may be discharged from custody 011 payment
1 of the fees; and I make that motion,
i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is this a debatable
; question?
j The SPEAKER. It is.
■ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have been de-
' bating* m my own mind whether this question does
