1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, 87
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompion Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
climate,' as to the trade, as to the occupation, as
to the number of people, and as to the character
of the people of the new Slates with reference to
the old States.
Why, sir, in the debate that has taken place on
this subject, honorable Senators seemed to have
supposed that a new State had nothing to do but
form a constitution just as she pleased, and pro-
vided it was republican in its form—nay, pro-
vided it had a republican form of government—
that she was entitled to come into the Union.
Suppose a State comes here, asking admission,
with Brigham Young's notion of polygamy; she
has a government republican in form, with a Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, governed by
the election of the people, by those who make
laws; with a government republican in form—
that is it—not republican in sentiment, not in pro-
vision, but in form: _you cannot look any further,
according to this doctrine; you cannot see what
baggage it brought with it; and you might have
a Slate with the institution of polygamy located
by the side of an older State: to whom it was very
offensive. Suppose a State comes here with a con-
stitution providing that no murder shall ever be
punished in the new State: what then ? Itis hardly
a supposable case; but supposing that it had a
Senateand House of Representatives and Council,
and all the forms of a republican government, and
yet a provision that no murder should ever be
punished m that State: you cannot look into it—
that is the argument—because there is no power
under the Constitution except to see that it has a
republican form of government. Suppose it tol-
erated robbery, and should say no robbery should
ever be punished: then,ifitis republican in form,
with a Senate, House of Representatives, all the
paraphernalia, all the machinery, all the form,
you cannot look into it! What have you to do
with robbery in a State ? You are only to look
into the constitution and guaranty the State a re-
publican form of government. That is all you
can do. Well, suppose the constitution of a State
contains a provision that no larceny should ever
be punished there, and that the government is re-
publican in form, with its Senate and its House:
why, sir, if it come with all the iniquity ever
dreamed of unpunished—yea, with a provision
that it should not be punished in that State; still,
if it was republican in its form of government,
you have to take it, if that is the doctrine.
I do not believe Congress is tied up in the Con-
stitution in any such ivay. I believe we have
power, if Brigham Young comes here with a con-
stitution tolerating polygamy, to say to Brigham
Young, you cannot come into this family with
your wives. I believe if any State should come
here tolerating murder, robbery, or larceny, we
have a right to say that we shall not admit a State
allowing those crimes, into this Union. Then 1
go a step further, and say 
Mr. BIGGS. Does the Senator from New
Hampshire assimilate murder, robbery, larceny,
and polygamy, with slavery ?
Mr. CLARK. I have not done that. I am
taking the case of a State coming here allowing
the most enormous crimes. I was just going to
say—1 should have said it if the gentleman had
not interrupted me, but I will say u now—that if
a State comes here with slavery, which takes the
life of a man, which robs him of his labor and lib-
erty, as well as all that belongs to a man, we have
a right to look into it. I assimilate it to nothing.
I do not know that that institution is like any-
thing else in the world. I hope to God it is not.
Mr. BIGGS. It is an institution that formed
a part of the social system of every State in the
United States atthe formation of the Constitution.
Mr. CLARK. He goes too farm his state-
ment; but still I condemn it because it is disrepu-
table to the Government. The fact that it then
generally existed does not make it right.
Mr. BIGGS. Then you are against the Con-
stitution.
Mr. CI,ARK. No, sir; 1 am not against the
Constitution. I say there are some things in the
Constitution which I wish were not there. I am
not disposed to extend them, and I will not vote
to extend them. That is the position I assume.
I had nothing to do with the formation of the
Constitution. Its responsibilities, its needs, its re-
quirements, rest somewhere else. I am to deal
with the extension of that institution. Its origi-
nal adoption is one thing; its extension another.
I deal with its extension. The question is not
whether it went into the thirteen old States. The
question is whether it shall go into Kansas. To
that I am opposed. I do not hesitate to say it. I
say to the honorable Senator just as the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] said this forenoon, I will
not vote for the admission of Kansas under that
constitution, because it does contain a provis-
ion for slavery. I do not mean by that asser-
tion to exclude every other objection to it. I have
a good many. I stand there square and fair, com-
mitting nobody but myself, and to that I mean to
be committed. I wish it to be understood that I
will not vote to extend slavery into Kansas.
Mr. BIGGS. Or any other State that may ap-
ply for admission.
Mr. CLARK. I have not said that. I do not
know what cases may arise. It is the part of wis-
dom of a prudent man to judge of cases when they
arise. When another State comes here I will
judge of her constitution and of her position in the
attitude in which she stands here. IjudgeofKan-
sas now; with Kansasaloneam I dealing. I think
the issue is sufficient, and I want to show the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
that, though other Senators have sought to avoid
and conceal the issue, I have not done So. I will
not seek to conceal the issue. I say to that hon-
oaable Senator, I say to anybody that hears me,
that the people of my State are deadly opposed to
that institution, and I am here their representa-
tive. Nay, sir, 1 will go further: I will say that
, the course of the United States Government upon
j the questjon of slavery put my colleague and my-
j self here, and we shall maintain the issue winch
! has been committed to our bands, faithfully and
i fearlessly. We have no threats, no taunts, no
ill-feelings to anybody. I make no war upon any
State where slavery exists. I do not go into the '
matter with Delaware or Virginia; they have it;
let them take care of it. They have it in Mis-
souri and Georgia; I make no war upon it there;
I say nothing about it there; but when asked to
extend that institution, I say I am not going to
do it. Now, Mr. President, I shall give my rea-
sons why I shall not so vote.
If, however, it be the pleasure of the Senate to
adjourn now, it would be very agreeable to me. I
have hnd nothing to eat since eighto'clock;either
bread nor anything else.
Mr. [TALE. It is now six o'clock.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will give way
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to state that the Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. Seward] has paired off
with the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Ham- j
mond.] |
Mr. FITCH. My colleague, Mr. Bright, and j
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] paired j
off for a short time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am requested I
by the Senator fiom Maryland [Mr. Kexnedy] ;
to state that he paired off, until seven o'clock, ,
i with the Senator from California, [Mr. Brod- :
; eiuuk.] J
j The question being taken by yeas and nays, ;
I resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows: J
| YEAS—Chandler, Clark, Cnttenden, Fes^-nden,
Fostei Hale.IliiniUn, Harlan,King,Pugil, Snninon^Wade. ;
i and Wilson—13. . (
t NAYS—Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Riglei? i
! Brown, Clay, Fitoh, Gieen, Gwm, fwr-on. Johnson oi
' Aikant>a«3 Johnson of Tonne^ee, Jone^, Mailoiy^JUa-^on, ,
Polk. Sebastian. Siideil, Thomson of New Jeisej, Toombs,
1 ami Wright—'2-2.
| So tho Senate refused to adjourn.
! Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
! Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
| I will ask leave to introduce a resolution. If any
i objection be made, of coursc I will not ask for its
s consideration:
Resolved, That, after to-day, the Semite wiH meet at
eleven o'clock, and pit until five, p m , and then take a re-
cess of two hours, until tho bill now bcfoie the Senate be
i disposed of. „ , .
i1 The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
'' to the resolution?
Mr. PUGH. I would rather that it should lie
I over. The Senator can call it up to-morrow, when
I we can consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution can
only be introduced by general consent, and lie
over. If there be no objection, it will lie over.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. CLARK. I am only sorry, Mr. President,
that I asked the indulgence of the Senate until to-
morrow morning. I will endeavor to go along with
my argument. I can only assure Senators who
voted against the motion, not in the way of any
threat, that I propose to proceed; and,although I
am hoarse, and it will be uncomfortable to speak,
and may be uncomfortable for them to hear, as X
am sure it will, I will endeavor to continue my
argument.
I now say that I am opposed to the admission
of Kansas as a slave State, because the constitu-
tion of that State proposes to carry slavery where
the common law did not carry it. This brings
me to my reply to the authorities cited by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason;] and also to
the argument of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin;] for I think I shall be able to
show, though the argument of the gentleman from
Louisiana was very able, though his tongue wa.s
very eloquent, and though he cited numerous au* '
thorities, that the weight of authority, the current
of decision, and the force of those decisions are
entirely to the point in this country, and in Eng-
land conclusive, that slavery did not exist by the
common law. I am about to begin with the ear-
liest case that I can find. I am going to comment
upon each case as it proceeds. It may be tedious;
but it is the only way in which I shall be able to
relieve myself from the position in which I am,
because I can here refer to authority and read from
books.
The first case that I find bearing upon this point
is to be found in Levinz's Reports. It was as
early as the 29th Charles II. It was the case of
Eutis against Penny—the same case which was
cited here, I suppose, by the gentleman from Lou-
isiana. It was a case of
" Tiover for one hundred negroes, and upon non. culp. it
was found by special verdict, that the negroes were infidels,
and the subjects of an infidel prniee, and are usually bought
and sold in .America as merchandise by the custom of mer-
chants, ami tiiat the plaintiff bought these, and was in pos-
session of them until the defendant took them. And Thomp-
son argued, there could be no property in the person of a
man suificient to maintain trover, and cited Co. Lit. 116."
Here you see the doctrine clearly so long ago
as the reign of Charles II, that there was no prop-
perty in man.
" That no property could be m villeins but by compact or
conquest. But the couit held, that negroes being usually
bouyhtand sold among merchants as merchandise, and also
being infidels, there might be a pioperty in them sufficient
to maintain trov. r. and gave judgment for the plaintiff,nisi
causa, tlii teim ; arid at theend ol the term, upon tiie prayer
of the Attorney Geneial to be heard as to this matter, Day
was given until next term."
The case never proceeded to judgment. No
judgment was rendered upon it, and it is no au-
thority one way or the other. There was a spe-
cial verdict found, and then time given for showing
the cause; and there the matter ended as appears
by the report here and in other cases.
That is the first case which I find. The next,
Mr. President, is to be found in Lord Raymond's
Reports. It is the case ofChamberlain i-s. Harvey
8& 9 William III., before the year 1700—more
! than seventy years before the Sommersett case,
i which the Senator from Louisiana says was a
! piece of judicial legislation. It was not new in
: the history of England at any time.
I u Tie^pass fer talangofa nczropretii, 100/. Thejuryfmd
I a special"verdict; that the fattier of the plaintiff was pos-
: sessed of this negro, and of such a manor mBarbaioes, and
tiiat there is a iaw in tlut country winch makes the negio
■ part or tho real estate ; that the father died seized, whereby
I tiie manor descended to tho plaintiff as son ana hen, and
! that he endowed bis mother ot this negro and of a third pait
j of the manor; that the mother mairied Watkni*, who
i brought the negro into England, where he was baptized
] without the knowledge of the mothei; that W alkins and
! in< wife are dead, and that the negro continued several
I years m England; that the defendant seized inm, &c. And
j afier argument at the bar several times by *ir Bartholomew
! shower'of the one feide and Mi. Dee ot the other, this term,
I it \vd-> adjudged that tins action will not lie. Trespass will
i lie ioi tikingof an apprentice, or haretJemcrpparentutn. An
! abbot might maintain trespass for his monk; and any man
I may maintain trespass for another; it'he deehueswith a per
i quod seruhum, anwit; but it will not 1-6 m this case. And
! per Holt, Chief Justice, tiover will not lie for a negro."
: I find here ako a reference to a case which I
i have been unable to find, between Gel]yand<Cle\c,
in which it was adjudged that trover wiH lie fui a
