88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
negro boy. I mention it because I desire to state
authorities fairly. I desire that all shall be pre-
sented so that we shall be able to judge how the
common law of England was. In a case immedi-
ately after this one between Gelly and Cleve, it
was adjudgea that trover would not lie for a negro
slave.
The next case which I have found is in 2 Lord
Raymond's Reports. It is the case of Smith vs.
Gould. It is also to be found in 2 Salkeld, page
666. It has been quoted on the other side, but, if
I understand it, its authority is the other way
clearly. The caption is:
" Trover does not lie for a negro. Where several dam-
ages are given tbr several injuries, the judgment may be ar-
rested as to some of them only."
That does not refer to the point.
" In an action of trover for a negro, and several goods, the
defendant let judgment go by default, and the writ of inquiry
of damages was executed betore the Lord Chief Justice
Holt, at Guildhall, in London. Upon which the juiy gave
several damages, as to the goods, and the negio; and a mo-
tion as to the negro was made in arrest of judgment, that
trover could not lie for it, because one could-not have such
a property in another as to maintain this action."
. That is the ground. Lot me read it again:
" That trover could not lie for it, because one could not
have such a property in another as to maintain tins action."
The report continues:
" Mr. Salkeld, for the plaintiff, argued that a negro was
a chattel by the law of the Plantations, and therefore trover
would he for lnm."
He did not, let me observe, contend that trover
would lie by the law of England; but that trover
would lie by the law of the Plantations.
"That, by the Lovitieal law, the master had power to
Icill his slave, and in Exodus, chapter xx., verse 21, it is
said he is but the master's money; that, if a lord confines
his villein, this court cannot set lnm at hheity, (Fit/.., Vil-
lein, 5.")
And he relied on the case of Butts and Penny,
(2 Lev., 201; 3 Kcb., 785,) the one I have just
cited, in which no judgment was given.
"As in noint, where it was held, tiover would ho for ne-
groes. Scd allocatur. Eor per totam curuim this action
docs not Ite for a negio no niorti than for any other man."
That is distinct and emphatic language; and this
was in 5 Anne—I think in 1703, sixty-nine years
before the Sommersett ease. The whole couit
—nobody dissented—held distinctly that trover
would not lie for a negro no more than for any
other man. The honorable Senator from Louis-
iana said that the Sommersett case was a piece of
judicial legislation by Lord Mansfield. Here is
the same thing sixty-nine years before that case,
that trover will not lie for a negro anymore than
for any other man. It goes on—and 1 want to
call the honorable. Senator's attention to this rea-
soning of tho court:
u Thw action doc; not If foi a negio xw more than for
anv othei man ; tor the common law rakes no notice of ne-
groes being dilleient (iom other men."
That is the point in tins book, that by the com-
mon law negroes are like other men. Then the
court go on to .say :
"•By the common law no man can have a propeity in
anothei"—
remember, this hi in 1703—
—but m *-peeia! eu^tN, as in a villein"—
villeinage then cxirttod—
—u but ov'u in him not to kill htm ; ho m captives took in
war, but the takoi cannot kill them, but may sell them to
juusoju them."
But the court go on to say:
" There i> no such tiling as a slave by the law of Eng-
land."
This was delivered in 1703, sixty-nine years,
as I said before, before that piece of judicial legis-
lation by Lord Mansfield:
"And if a man's servant i> took from lnm, the master
cannot maintain an aehon foi taking linn, unless it is laid
jicr quod wvitium amu>il.'}
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will observe that the question discussed in
that decision is a mere technical question as to the
forms of action; it is not a question as to the mas-
ter's right of property.
Mr. CLARK. Then I do not understand it,
when the court say that an action of trover does
not lie for a negro more than any other man. Can i
lie make trover lie for a white man unless he were j
a villein at that time? i
Mr. BENJAMIN. It would lie for a villein I
no more than it would for a negro. That case is '
in regard to the form of action. The chief justice
goes on to say, if you want to sue for a slave, put
it on the ground that you have lost his labor. That
is the form of the action you can bring.
Mr. CLARK. I differ entirely with the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, because then you allow the
slave to stand upon the ground of a freeman. You
can bring: an action for his labor.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes; as a father may sue for
the service of his son.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir, that is the ground on
which you stand. But the court say, in this very
case, that there is no property in man; that the
law in England does not recognize property in a
slave. That is the very point: whether, by the
common law, slavery existed in England ? and in
this very case it was decided that the common
law does not recognize slavery. It is a vain at-
tempt to shove it on technicalities. It is fair and
square, open and patent.
I now come to the Sommersett case. I cite that,
not to be tedious; not because I suppose it is not
well understood; but to show that Lord Mansfield
considered in his argument the very cases which
the Senator from Louisianahas so eloquently com-
mented upon. The Senator from Louisiana talks
about the opinion of Sir Philip Yorke, and the
decision of Lord Hardwick afterwards. I state
here, and will show in the Sommersett case, that
in the reasoning of the court, the court were aware
of it, and overruled it; and said they could not
allow any force to it. 1 will read the opinion of
Lord Mansfield. He says:
u We pay all due attention to the opinion of Sir Philip
Yorke and Lord Chief Justicc Talbot" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What book are you read-
ing from ?
Mr. CLARK. Loft's Reports, 12 George III.
I am now reading from the Sommersett case, in
1772, which is to be found on the 19th page:
" We pay all due attention to the opinion of riir Philip
Yoike andLotd Chief Justice Talbot whereby they pledged
themselves to the J5ntish planteis, for ail the legal conse-
quences of slaves coming over to tins kingdom, or being
baptized, locogmzed byJLoid TIardivick,sitting as Chancel- '
lor, on the 10th of October, 1749, that trover would he: that
a notion had pievaikd, if a negio came over,.or became a
Clin->t tan, he wa* emancipated, but no ground in law; that
he and Lotd Talhot, wheu Attorney and Solicitor General,
weie of opinion that no such claim for freedom was valid ;
that though the statute of tonutos had abolished villeins
lcgaidant to a manor, yet he did not conceive but that a man
might still becoino a villein in gio^3 by confessing himself
such in open couit."
Then said Lord Munsficld:
" We aio so well agreed that we think theie is no occa-
sion of having it nrmied (as I intimated an intention at first)
beioie all the judges, as is u^ual, for obvious reasons, on a
jetuin to a habeas corpus; tiie only question belore us is,
whethei the cause on the return i-s sufficient? If it is, the
negro nm-t be remanded ; if it is not, he must be discharged.
Accordingly, the return states that the slave departed and
ie!u>cd to'-eivc; wheujupon he was kept, to be sold abroad.
So ht<rh an act of dominion mu^t be recognized by the law
of the count) y when: it is used. The power of a master over
hw slave has been e.vticniely different, m different countries.
The state of slaverv i > of such a natuie, that it is incapable
ot being mtiodueed on any leasons, moial or political; but
only positive law, which preseives its fotce long after the
jealous, occasion, and tune itseU, eia->ed from memory.
It m odious that nothing can be suffered to support it but
positive law. Whatever "inconveniences, therefore, may
iollow fiom a decision, I cannot say this case is allowed or
approved by tin; law of England : "and theicfore the black
man be disclaimed."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask if Lord Mansfield does not say, in that
very decision, that there were then many thou-
sand pounds' worth of slaves in England?
Mr. CLARK, i will read it allandsee. This
is Lord Mansfield:
"(hi the paitof Sommme^, the ca?e which we gave notice
shall be decided tin* day, the comt now proceed-; to give its j
opinion, f shall recite the letmn to the w;i' of habeas cor- I
pus, as the around o: our detei inflation, omitting only woids j
of tonn. Tic captain of the snip on board ot which the
negro was ta'cen makes his letmn to the wnt in tetins tig-
uifying that them have been, and still aie, slaves to a gieat
number m ; and that the tiaue in them is authorized
by the laws and opinion's of Virginia arid Jamaica ; that
they aie aoock and chattels, and, in such, salable and sold.
That Jahies Somiiio sett is a negro o£Ajnra, and, long before
the leturn of the King's wuf, was biought to be sold, and
was sold to Charles Slcfait, then in Jamaica, and has
not been manumLted since; that Mr. Stewait, having oc-
casion totiansact busmen, came over hither, with amnten-
t on to iciuiu, and brought Sommersett to attend and abide
with him, and to ermy him back as soon as the business
should be tum&acted. That such intention has been, and
still continues; and that the negro did lemain till the time
ol Ins departure, in the service of his master, Mr. Steiuart,
and quitted it without his conbcnt; and thereupon, before
the return of the King's writ, the said Charles Stewart did
commit the slave on board the Ann and Mary, to save cus-
tody, to be kept till he should set sail, and then to betaken
with him to Jamaica, and there sold as a slave. And this
is the cause why he, Captain ICnowles, who was then, and
now is, commander of the above vessel, then and now lying
in the river Thames, did the said negro, committed to his
custody, detain, and on which he now renders him to the
orders of the court."
I have now read up to the point where I com-
menced in the first instance, and I find nothing of
that to which the gentleman alludes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state, then, that that
is an imperfect report.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think it is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The whole of the decision
will be found in 20 Howell's State Trials.
Mr. CLARK. I take it as it is here; and if I
found anything in regard to what the Senator al-
ludes to, I would read it. I did not select it be-
cause it did not contain such a provision; but on
asking for the State Trials at the Library, I was
told that it was not in, but that I should find the
decision in this volume; and I took it.
The next case which I cite, is one in our own
country. I have one further case to cite from
England, but I propose to follow the order of
time. I have cited a case in 1697. I have cited
a case in 1703. There is no case intervening, that
I am aware of, between that and the Sommersett
case in 1772. 1 do not find any case after that,
and I do not think the question was mooted after
1772 during that ccntury. I do not say there were
no other cases. I do not say that I have exam-
ined so thoroughly as I desire to. I have taken
the cases as I found them, by the aids of such
lights as were afforded me within the last few
days. I come down now to our own country; and
I find a case in the Kentucky Reports, in a slave
State. It is the case of Rankin vs. Lydia, a slave.
I do not propose to read the whole case, but I pro-
pose to read from the remarks of the court.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will allow me, I
wish to read an extract from the Sommersett case
on the poin t which was in issue between him and
the Senator from Louisiana. It is in the argu-
ment:
" About fourteen thousand slaves are at present here in
England."
Mr. CLARK. It may have been so. I do not
know how the historical fact was. Negroes may
have been there; but the case was not to be de-
cided on the fact of negroes being in the country,
but on the fact whether slavery existed there by
law. It was not a decision of how many negroes
there were in the country. It may have been that
a great many were brought in, but that certainly
was not the question before the court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me a moment, as I do not mean to make an-
other speech, I will call his attention, not to break
down the force of his argument, but to fortify
what I have said, which was this: that slaves were
recognized as merchandise, were daily sold in the
public mart in London, when this decision was
made; and the evidence that this decision was
judicial legislation consisted in the fact that large
masses were daily sold in London without ques-
tion from the authorities under the opinion of the
Solicitor General and the Attorney General, until
Lord Mansfield, in Sommersett's case, declared
that involuntary servitude could not exist, and de-
stroyed property in about fifteen thousand slaves.
Mr. CLARK. They may have been sold by
the merchants. I do not undertake to say how
that was. I know that lottery tickets are sold
daily, weekly, and monthly, in my State, contrary
to law. Although I never bought a ticket in my
life, and never shall, yet I get sent me almost
every week a magnificent scheme, in which I am
told to go to such a place in my own State to get
the tickets.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do they sell them at public
auction ?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; but they sell them
openly. You might as well justify Peter Funk
auctions because they take place in the city of
New York. This is the law we are discussing;
not the practices of the English people, unless
those practices have grown into custom and make
law. When Lord Mansfield, or any other Eng-
lish judge, shall decide that so many slaves in
England make the common law, then it will have
