1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
number of shares of the stock of that company was
ten thousand, of §100 each. Of these snares the
United States subscribed for twenty-three hun-
dred, and private individuals subscribed for the
other seventy-seven hundred. As a shareholder,
the United States Government drew in dividends
from the company, $257,000 in money, being the
■whole amount that the United States had sub-
scribed, and §27,000 of clear profit upon the in-
Testment. All this cash went into the Treasury
of the United States. .
About that time these gentlemen onihe Indiana
side of the river commenced petitioning Congress
to make a free canal on their side of the river; and
by these petitions, and their agitation of the sub-
ject, they endangered the property of the private
stockholders in the Louisville and Portland canal.
By the growth of western commerce it had be-
come palpable that that canal was not equal to the
wants of commerce, and that it must be enlarged,
or a new one be constructed. The western peo-
ple objected to the collection of any tolls what-
ever on the commerce of the Ohio, and they in-
sisted upon having a free canal., To accommodate
them, the Legislature of Kentucky, at the instance
of the Louisville and Portland Canal Company,
amended the charter of that company, by which
it was provided that the canal company might
take the whole proceeds of the annual working
of the canal, and thereby create a fund, which,
instead of being divided among the stockholders,
should be appropriated to the purchase and ab-
sorption of the private stock. By that instru-
mentality the private stockholders got rid of their
shares, and the canal company absorbed its whole
stock, except five shares. The Kentucky statute
provided that the company was to take this amend-
ment of the charter on the condition that, when,
by this process, the whole stock had been taken
out of private hands, it should be first offered to
the United States, on the condition that the United
Slates shpuld make the canal equal to the wants
of commerce, and should impose no' larger tolls
than such as would keep the canal in repair. If
the United States did not take it on that condi-
tion, then the canal company was to offer it to the
State of Kentucky on the same conditions; and
if the State of Kentucky did not take it, the canal
company was to offer it to the city of Louisville
on the same "conditions. The whole proceeds of
the canal were invested year by year, in obedi-
ence to the amended charter, and with the knowl-
edge of the United States, in purchasing in the
private stock, till there remained but five shares
of the seventy-seven hundred.
The gentleman commits a wide mistake in sup-
posing that by that process of absorption merely,
the United States became the proprietor of the
shares so purchased. The United States haye not
now a share more than they had when the charter
was made. They still hold their twenty-three
hundred shares, and no more. And let me say to
the Congress of the United States that they will
never hold another share until the United States
perform the conditions on which the trust declared
in the Kentucky statute is to inure to the ben-
efit of the United States. Year in and year out
the Representative from the city of Louisville has
been before Congress with this offer made by the
company, asking that an appropriation may be
made to make the Louisville and Portland canal
" equal to the wants of commerce," so that the
United States might become the proprietor of the
work, in conformity with the Kentucky statute;
and year by year the constitutional scruples of
gentlemen on the Democratic side of the House
have prevented that being done. Year by year,
when I have attempted to get an appropriation for
this purpose, these same Indiana gentlemen have
proposed to acquiesce in it with the condition that
the Government of the United States, in appro-
priating money to make the Louisville and Port-
land canal equal to the wants of commerce, should
also appropriate money to build another canal on
the Indiana side of the river. I have been urged,
year by year, to accept this sort of compromise,
but I have rejected it, and have stated on the floor
of this House that there was no necessity for a
canal on the Indiana side of the river. I have
stated again and again that in my opinion, from
being conversant with the locality, no canal could
be made on the Indiana side of the riverthat would
ameliorate the condition of commerce, unless it
•hall be built some seven or eight miles long, and
that then it would have to cross the valleys of a
creek which could be crossed in time of flood only
by constructions that would throw the aqueducts
to Rome by the Campagna into perfect insignifi-
cance.
Mr. English:. I rise to a question of order.
I do not understand that the construction of a
canal on the Indiana side of the river is a question
in controversy here now; if so, i shall have some-
thing to say upon that subject.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I had no
doubt in the world, Mr. Speaker, that the gentle-
man would flinch in this controversy, and I have
not been mistaken.
Mr. ENGLISH. I insist upon my point of
order. The gentleman has no right to discuss the
propriety or impropriety of constructing a canal
around the falls on tne Indiana side, and if he has,
I shall claim the same right, and shall be able to
show that a new and better canal can be made on
the Indiana side, and for less money, and with less
obstructions to commerce, than the Louisville and
Portland canal can be enlarged.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It will be ob-
served, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman seemed
to go into the whole history of the Louisville and
Portland canal—its revenues and the proceedings
of its cortipany; but whenever I commence to de-
velope and exfoliate the proceedings of those who
want a canal on the Indiana side, and to show the
point that they are after, the gentleman suddenly
discovers that there is a point of order necessary to
be intervened. I object to the gentleman's resolu-
tions for this reason, that they do injustice to the
five honorable men who now hold that stock. And
I say here that there are no more honorable men
on the face of the earth than those five men; and
I am sure that the gentleman does not intend, even
darkly, to insinuate, or to cast the most distant
imputation, that these men have soiled their fin-
gers by corruption.
Mr. ENGLISH. The object that I had in in-
troducing these resolutions is to arrive at the facts
through official sources. I make no imputation.
I simply desire to get at the facts.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The con-
dition of this company has been reported to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury at the
opening of each year, and they who feel disposed
to inquire into the proceedings of the company
have had an opportunity—from the day ofits char-
ier down to this day—to look at the annual ex-
hibit of its debits and credits, and at the manner
in which every dollar that catne into its treasury
was disposed of. There has been no secrecy about
this matter; the company has Come here again
and again with this offer to the Government of
the United States, and their offer has again and
again been rejected.
The late Secretary of the Treasury, without
undertaking to give any directions, (as he clearly
had no right to do,) but representing, as he did, the
two thousand three hundred shares of the stock
of the United States in the corporation, suggested
to the managers of the corporation; first, that
they should reduce the tolls one half. They did
so; and still the commerce of the Ohio, on the
reduced tolls, created a large surplus in the treas-
ury of the company. What was to be done with
that surplus? The directors determined, in con-
formity witH a suggestion from the Secretary of
the Treasury, that they would appropriate the
surplus to the improvement of the canal, and they
did proceed, as the Secretary of the Treasury re-
ported to Congress in 1856, to widen and deepen
the canal, cut a turn-out, so that steamboats
could pass, and made a variety ofimprovements,
such as apivot bridge, booms, &c., to facilitate the
passage of vessels through the canal. They, find-
ing that a surplus of some fifty-odd thousand dol-
lars had accumulated,have gone to the Kentucky
Legislature and asked for an amendment of their
charter, by which they may go forward and do
the whole work, so as to make, upon their own
responsibility, a canal equal to the wants of com-
merce, when it will be handed over to the United
States, if the United States shall choose to receive
it, without costing them a dollar. The Kentucky
Legislature of course passed the act for amend-
ing the charter without a word; and I stand here
the Representative of the district in which that
canal is situated, to inform the gentleman from
Indiana, and the House, that I do not propose
again to ask a dollar from Congress for that work.
But when the fact leaks out that, under ths
.amendment passed by the Kentucky Legislature
to the(eharter of this company, the company is
going forward to make the improvements accord-
ing to the wishes of the commercial men of the
country, and in accordance with the design that
has been submitted, year by year, to Congress,
those gentlemen representing the Indiana side be-
come suddenly alarmed lest the commerce of the
Ohio river may be mulcted and fined. They now
want, when they find that these improvements
are to be made without costing the national Treas-
ury a dollar, to inquire by what authority it is to
be done.
Mr. HUGHES. i want the gentleman from
Kentucky to leave me out.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will leave
the gentleman from Indiana out. I say the Rep-
resentatives of the Indiana side of the river, and
the Representatives of the Cincinnati interest, be-
come suddenly alarmed; and the gentleman from
Indiana wants to get the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to write a letter showing the gross amount of
proceeds that have been drawn from this canal
since the Government of the United States have
had the controlling interest. Why, sir, God
knows she has never had the controlling inter-
est; and she never will have a controlling interest
until she has performed the condition under which
she was to acquire that stock; which was, that she
should make the canal equal to the wants of com-
merce. Sir, year by year have I been here ex-
hausting my lupgs, more than once, in trying to
obtain an appropriation for the purpose of making
that canal equal to the wants of commerce. Con-
gress has failed to make such an appropriation;
and now, I do not propose to ask Congress for
any more appropriations. The canal company
then went to tlie Kentucky Legislature for an
amendment to their charter, and tneir charter was
amended. Under their amended charter they have
gone on and acquired property to make a branch
canal; and they announce that they are ready to
commence the work in the spring, and that they
have entered into a contract for a canal equal to
the Wants of commerce for $600,000. They will
go on and complete this canal, and then what will
become of the proposition for the construction of
a canal on the Indiana side of the river by an ap-
propriation from the Federal Treasury? When
a canal shall have been completed, which shall per-
mit your Cincinnati boats to travel through free;
what will become of these propositions to build
a canal at the Government expense, at a cost of
ten or fifteen million dollars, which will never be
reimbursed ? There will not be left an excuse for
ippropriating a dollar in that way.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to in
to inquire of tfie gen-
tleman from Kentucky when I have ever made a
proposition in this House of the character he has
just mentioned ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know that the gentleman has introduced such a
proposition. I refer to the interest that has been
here, year in and year out, ever since I have been
a member of Congress. I do not recollect whether
the gentleman from Indiana ever introduced such
a bill; but I recollect that, whenever I have intro-
duced a proposition for my canal, it has always
been incumbered by opposition from Indiana and
from Cincinnati. They would not let my canal
be improved, unless I would take it cum onere of
a big canal on the Indiana side of the river.
Whether the gentleman-is the sponsor of that
movement, I do not know. That has been the
countervailing interest which has caused the dil-
atoriness of the United States Government. And
that interest, with the constitutional scruples of
gentlemen, have prevented the United States from
carrying forward the improvements upon which
this stock in the hands of private individuals was
to be transferred. But, sir, now, beyond the two
thousand three hundred shares owned by the Gov-
ernment, there are seven thousand seven hundred
shares in the hands of other parties. And now,
if you want to know the dividends they have
earned and the dividends they have declared, raise
a committee, and gentlemen of this House shall
learn the history of the matter from the commence-
ment to the present time, f pledge my word to
gentlemen that they shall have a fair and satis-
factory exhibit of every dollar that has passed
through the hands of these gentlemen.
But I do not want resolutions like these passed.
