1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
right under that Constitution, to compel the at-
tendance of any absent members. The clear and
express power is, that less than a quorum may
compel the attendance of absent members What
is tiie object of this call? Is it to get a quorum
here to do the business of the country?
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question. The clause of the
Constitution which the gentleman quotes, says
that a quorum may do business, but that less than
a quorum may adjourn, or compel the attendance
of absent members. He argues from that, that
more than a quorum cannot compel the attend-
ance of absent members. Will he not continue
his argument, and argue that more than a quorum
cannot adjourn from day to day ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No such conclu-
sion can be drawn from (hat clause of the Consti-
tution. But, as 1 was saying:, what is the object
of this call. I was present when you called this
House to order this morning. There was not then
a quorum of members present m their seats. I
staid here until you had gone through with the
business in the Committee of the Whole House
upon the Private Calendar: I stayed here until it
was asceitained that there was no quorum here
upon a motion to adjourn. I voted lo adjourn;
and it was understood all over this House that
a majority had recorded their names as having
voted in the affirmative upon that morion. At
that point, a good many members, as is the cus-
tom upon such occasions, and upon such under-
standing, took their hats and left. After they had
gone out, some other gentlemen who were here—
as I thought at the time m a playful sort of way
—got up and changed their votes; so that, when
the list was read over, and the result announced,
it was found that the House had refused to ad-
journ, and that there was no quorum present.
Mr. LEITER. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee whether it is not a fact that upon
that motion to adjourn there was not a quorum
here'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly so; and
I have just stated how it resulted that the House
did not adjourn.
When this call was moved, I voted against it,
because I was satisfied that we were to do no more
business to-night. This House had been in ses-
sion six hours. That was a long session; and I
was satisfied—and the resulthasproved it so-—that
there was no more business to be done here.
Now, we have been here nearly four hours from
that time, and here we are yet; and I think it is a
little doubtful whether we have many more raem-
Ders present than we had then.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether he does not
know that those genth men whose change of votes
changed the result of the motion to adjourn, are
not now in their seats ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
how that is. Iam willing to sit here any time to
get a quorum whenever the object is to get that
quorum for the purpose ofdoing business, and dis-
charging theduties mcumbentupon members here,
but I do not see that any good is to result to us or to
the country from this sort of fancy work of going
through this call for the mere purpose of getting
members here. At the same time, those who have
been here from tin1 meeting of the House this
morning are now being punished a good deal more
than those we are now bringing here and discharg-
ing upon the payment of costs, which hereafter,
I presume, as has always been the case, will be
ordered to be paid out of the contingent fund.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that for one, I voted for
his call in good faith, on the understanding that
it was really ro be carried out to the last.
Mr. JONES, ofTenriessee. One question right
there. Did he intend when he voted for that call,
to set a quorum here for the purpose of doing
business -
Mr. GARNETT. I did it for this reason. I
knew we had agreed to adjourn on the 7th of
June; that we had a large mass of business upon
the Calendar; that a motion was already pending,
moved by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] to prolong the session, because we were
not likely to get through our business by that
time; that here was bill after bill involving large
amounts of money, and principles of public jus-
tice, passing through without consideration and
without a quorum. 1 accept my full share of blame
in all this; but I voted for a call because I saw a
disposition on all sides of the House, and in good
faiih, ro make an example to the country, and to
enforce on all of us, present or absent, the neces-
sity of attendance; and I should think nobody
would have it more at heart than the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who is remarkably
punctual in hisattendance, and who has objection
to doing business without a quorum. If he will
join with us in carrying out this call, it will be an
example productive of good fruits hereafter.
While I am up, I wish to say this further: that
I wish it understood that if we are to go on with
this call, as I am willing to do, the Scrgeant-at-
Arms and his officers are not to go to the theater
and find gentlemen there, un<J when gentlemen tell
them thev will not attend the call, come back here
and neglect to report that to the House. They are
not to go to houses—I do not care where—and
neslectto summon the members whom they find;
but they are to go, and, with all due diligence—
just as your sheriff executes an order of the court
—whenever a member is found, summon him,and
if he refuse to come, arrest him, and bring him
here truly in custody; and unless that is to be done
the whole thing is childish.
j: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask my
;j friend from Virginia, if he expects us to sit here
■' till the Sergeant-m-Arms brings in all the mem-
j bers who wore not excused ?
,| Mr. GARVETT. As many as are in the city.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why stop nt the
city ? why not send for all of them ?
Mr. GARNETT. The Scrgeant-at-Arms will
make his return to the House that such and such
gentlemen have been arrested, and are here pres-
ent; that such and such gentlemen have not been
found, and that he believes they are absent from
the city; and that such and such gentlemen have
been found, and have refused to attend. If he
makes that return befoie us, I think it will be pro-
ductive of good; and I repeat, I assume no special
merit because I happen to be present now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman, that, m ali my experience in this Hall,
1 have never seen a call carried out.
Mr. GARNETT. Now is the time to set a
good example.
Mr. CLEMENS. As the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the credit of being a parliamentary
leader here, and as he is known from his long
service here to be particularly scrupulous in the
discharge of his legislative duties, I desire, with
all due respect to him, to notice some of the points
which he lias made m the appeal he has made to
the House, and through the House to the coun-
try. He has made two pregnant confession?,
which justify the course we have taken in iins
matter. He has referred to the fact that on sev-
eral occasions, at eleven o'clock, the House pro-
ceeded to business without a quorum. He has
alluded to the further fact, that, during the couise
of the proceedings of the House, at three or four
o'clock in the afternoon, the House lias been
without a quorum; and this very day, when the
Private Calendar was under consideration, he
called the yeas and nays, for the purpose, as he
declared, of seeing whether there was a quorum
or not. Now, I desire that the country shall un-
derstand precisely the motives which have actu-
nted those who have resorted to i\ parliamentary
remedy to get rid of a parhamentarv abuse. Here
we are, in the discharge of our legislative duties,
having a salary of &3,0U0 imposed upon us by a
former Congress, with the expectation all over
the country that the business of the country would
be discharged in a shorter period.
Mr. TRIPPE. If the gentleman conccivea that
a salary of $3,000 is an imposition, of course he
need not take it.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to ask my friends from
Virginia if they are not mistaken about all this
thing, and whether the pressing everything into
pell-mell is not violating the expectations of the
country? whether we are not expected to sit here
a whole year, if necessary, to do the business
calmly and patiently, and not m a hurried man-
ner.-'
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina whether it is not known that,
for two months past, the chief business of the
House has been upon the shoulders of the few
faithful members who have choscn to sit in the
House, and perform the business of the country?
and whether it is not notorious that we have been
passing upon measures of great public import-
ance without a quorum being in attendance? and
whether, especially since this joint resolution was
passed, we have not been without a quorum at
the hour of three o'clock nearly every day? 1 de-
sire that the country may understand the object
with which this callhas been carried out, and that
we shall see who are in their places at a particu-
lar time willing to discharge tneir duty, and who
are absent and not attending to the duties of Con-
gress and of the country.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to know from the
two gentlemen from Virginia if they propose to .
proclaim martial law?
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to resort to every
parliamentary remedy, I care not how severe the
pains and penalties may be, and to hold up recu-
santand unwilling members to the country. That
is what I have decided to do, and what, so far as
I am concerned, I intend to do.
'Mr. PURVfANCE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether he was not to-day
engaged in sleeping on one of the sofas ? [Laugh-*
ter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I will ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he was not sleeping
on the sofa to-day at the very same time?
Mr. PURVIANCE. I will reply to the gen-
tleman by saying that I found the gentleman from
Virginia engaged in sleeping on one of the sofas,
and I did interrupt him in that pleasant occupa-
tion.
Mr. POTTLE. I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman first, whether he seriously makes the
charge that this House has been sitting during the
present session, day after day, doing business
without a quorum? secondly, whether it is not
notorious that members have been more punc-
tual in their attendance during this Congress than
perhaps in any other that ever sat since the com-
mencement of the Government? and thirdly, I
ask the gentleman if he has not repeatedly left
his seat here, day after day, pairing off with me
and others? Until the gentleman has answered
these three questions fairly, I assume that he has
no right to hold up other gentlemen to the House
and to the country, as derelict in duty; and cer-
tainly, when he talks about the faithful few, I beg
he will not use the pronoun " we."
Mr. CLEMENS. I can satisfy the gentleman
from New York in a very few minutes, by tell-
ing him in all sober seriousness and candor that
I have not arrogated anything to myself; and if
he choose, he may have an affirmative answer to
all the questions which he has propounded to me.
Mr. POT rLE. Thank you, sir.
Mr. GROW. Perhaps the gentleman from
Virginia will state that while the Kansas mat-
ter was under consideration, there was never any
warn of a quorum; and that it is only since that
matter has been disposed of that gentlemen have
become remiss in theirattendance. It shows that
that matter was beneficial in one sense.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to refer especially
to what every member of the House must have
seen—that since we passed the resolution to meet
at eleven o'clock, on various occasions, at eleven
o'clock, no more than forty or fifty members have
been in their seats. So far as I am concerned, if
the gentlemen will allow me to use the pronoun
" I," and exclude the " we," in the course that
I have taken in regard to this matter, I have been
actuated by the desire to leave this House by the
?tli of June. I do not desire to be here during the
dog-days; and it must be apparent to every one
that unless some measure is resorted to for the
purpose of compelling the attendance of members
here, we may remain till August  
Mr. "WADE. I would like to know what the
question in debate is?
Mr. CLEMENS. I presumed I was speaking
by the general consent of the House. I desire
now to submit my motion.
Mr. SICKLES. The resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio is not before the House ?
The SPEA KER. The Chair does not receive it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to know if the resolution
just read is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
