90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
that he left behind the hundred cases he said he
could furnish, and brought the others.
The second note or point in the caption of this
case in 9 Georgia Reports, 555, is this:
" African slavery held never to have existed m the Island
of Great Britain by the common law, by statute, or by the
law of nations."
The point made in this case was this: a negro
had been killed, and the qaestion material to de-
cide was, whether that killing was felony or not.
Counsel endeavored to show thatslavery did exist
by the common law, and that by the common law
it was felony to kill a man; and therefore it was
felony to kill the negro; but the court held the
contrary, that slavery never did exist by the com-
mon law, nor by statute law in England, ond
passed a decision on that point. They afterwards
go on to give the origin of slavery; ana to that part
of the case I shall address myself by and by. Let
me say that here is a discussion of this decision
of that other interestingsubjectwhich the Senator
so complacently alluded to the other day, that of
villeins regardant and villeins in gross. The whole
doctrine was stated by the Senator, and he told
the rest of the Senators where they could find it.
Here it is, not in England, but in our own midst,
in the State of Georgia, examined in connection
with negro slavery in England, and a decision sol-
emnly rendered that slavery does not exist by the
common law. The court say further:
" Wc lookm vain, certainly, to the common law for traccs
of Saxon slavery as an m?>tituuon under its protection.'1'
The opinion was delivered by Judge Nisbet:
By the court—Nisbet, Judge, delivering the opinion."
"But F appiehend that u judge, sitting to determine what
was thOxSilutits of the i-lavo und«r the common law, can de-
wve from its eonsuleiation no light to guide him. because
I consider that tho common law recognizes but one species
of slavciy as having u\i>ted hi England undents sanction,
at any turn;, and th.it is nllvinage."
No other slavery existed by the common law
in England, says the court, at any time. The
court say further on in the opinion:
" The unconditional slaveiv of the African race, as it ex-
ists in Guotgia, novei did e\i>t in Great l>ntain. I do not
mean, of course, m the Jh Empire, hut in the hland of
Great Jirituin. It has never had <\ status under tho com-
mon law."
Then (he court, further on, say:
(> [ now consider the decisions of the English courts"—
The court reviewed all the English decisions on
that point.
—" upon the subjcct of slavciy, and T think it will he seen
that ■•.lawn liaf. ncvci been lecognizcd to e\jxt theie, under
the common law. < Mi the • oimaiy, it i-, well settled, thai
the mom i'nt :i «d,jv(\ whelher All lean, 1 ml inn, Jew, 01 Gen-
tile, sets his foot upon Huti-li s.od, lie is a freeman, and en-
titled to the pioteetion 01 tho laws as bach."
The couit say m this ease:
(i The que -non i-., did litis (act lcco^nize slavciy in Eng-
land, .is an im-titution undci the pioteetion of the common
law
That i«, the fact that slavery was recognized
by the law <>f nations. England had recognized
siavciy as a part of the law of nations, and the
court go on to consider the question whether,
having recognized slavery as a part of the law of
nations, it made a part of her common law; and
they say:
" The <]ue 41011 is, did tins fact recognize slavery in Eng-
land as .in in nnmi'Mi mulct ilie pioteeuou of the common
Jaw 3 Ti'-uiy, it did no' Tho law^ of nations are iceog-
mzed in the nniineip.il ami wiil be enioiced upon the
cHueii-' and -uhjeers oi Mc Stait'-, paitto.^ iheicto, in all
ca.-<> when a (pic.-ltnn Ujimv which the ohjeit ot their
juri-dieia>n 'j*ii# v aie leoogmzod by the common law . (4
I5!.u iv. Com. C'<, vV<' ) The law of nation- tolerate d, hut did
not enjoin the luvfta.!.-. The obligation oi Knglan i under
it wu-x, to let-pecl (he ii'/Ji! - of thox> Slater etm.i^ed m it,
witlnn th< n own tenirme-, ,uu! upon the high &ea>. Ves-
t-els engaged in t lie t indie \v<-ie nor liable lo^eizme and eon-
fi-catiou. Ihi Mihj^Lt-. w i iis aKo equally ( untied to pio-
teetion undei t'n,: inteinanona! i.iw. 1 nppiehcud. howevei,
that i? i-.ii! 'toncaliy true, that neille-i by f-tatute noi by u->age
hasGieat hilfun e* er availed heiseit oi ilie licence ot the
law ol nation^, to mtrodin c t-iavmj into the I -land of Gie;it
IJiiiain com Africa, in pom1 ol (act. pute slaveiv never
did e\M in Falkland, noith'M by eapiuie in uat, bv inunici-
p U authoiuv, oi by tin law oi nation*-. Had •sl.we&bucn
lntioduced inlo th.tt pnt 1 of her empnc by municipal authrx-
itv. oi had they been imioduced wnhoutnuinieinal, that i ,
\\ itiiout -tamtory an dimity, under a trade sanctioned In the
law-of nation -, tho i tai'i*. of: laveiy would have bee n them
just what it is heie. Piopeitv in the Mave, the right to eor-
tiol hi.- pei-on. hh a> Laid Coke <*\prcsse> it. would
lmve .mil lailon ii'idei ih" pioteetion of the common
law. Toanveon'"t v env <>f tbs- subject, it is indispensable
to di-itn.eui-ii between Gieat Uritam ami her colonic*. As
toihelatn-r. v. e know that slavery ^credit! mfactexiht, and
was sanctioned by u.uge unler the iaw of nations; and by
acts of Parliament: as to the former, we know that it did
not exist there, and leceived no such sanction. How could,
then, the common Jaw attach upon the institution of sla-
very in the Island of Great Britain? The law of nations
would have justified slavery in England, had it heen there.
But they did not create it there. Whether by the comity of
nations the English courts aie not bound to deliver asiave,
coming into Great Britain from a State where slavery exists
by law, to his rightful owner to be taken back, as wa* the de-
mand in the Sornmersett case, is a different question. Lord
Mansfield held that they are not.
" Nations being equal, the laws of one State have no op-
eration in any other, proprio vigore
Then the question arose before the court whether
the recognition of slavery and the existence of
slavery in the colonies, did not establish it in Eng-
land; whether, from the fact that Parliament passed
certain laws establishing slavery in the colorifes,
they did not carry it into England ? As to that
question, the court decide that it certainly did
not; and they say:
" The recognition of slavery in the colonies did not es-
tablish it in England. This is the answer to the conclusion
drawn by counsel. The statutes of Great Britain do not
apply to the colonies, unless expressly extended to them,
and the acts which i elate to the colonies alone, have a
local opeiation only. Such has been the ruling of the courts
at Westminster Ilall Expressly so held, in reteience to
these very statutes in Forbes vs. Cochrane, 2 Barn. § Cres.,
bif Beat, Jp. 448; 1 Black. Com., 107, 108; 1 Chitt. Com.
Lavjy 638."
Then the court come back to review all the
cases in England on this point:
" t return now, [says the judge,] to a review of the de-
cisions in England upon the subject of slavery. The au-
t hcnticatcd cases mi England before the Sornmersett case are
five in number, to wit: Butts vs. Penny, in the 28 Charles
ii.  —
The same case which the honorable Senator
cited. There is also here the case of Smith vs.
Gould, in reference to which the court say:
" In Smith vs. Gould, which was also trover for a negro
and other thmcs the plaintiff had a verdict with several
damages, ami £30 for the negro. On motion in anest, the
court held that tiovor could not lie lor a negro."
I did not find that ease in Salkcld's Reports.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wiil state to the Senator
that there are two cases in Salkeld, on the same
page, on this subject, and he will find that that is
one of them.
Mr. CLARK. I have found a case in Salkeld's
Reports, some things in which I want to read to
the Senator. This is one of the older cases—
Smith vs. Brown and Cooper:
"The plaintiff declined in an indebitatus assumpsit for 20Z.
for a negio sold by the plaintiff to the defendant, namely, in
Paroclua beata Maria de Jircubus in Warda de Cheape, and
vndict for the plaintiff; and on motion in arrest of judgment,
llolt, C. J., hold : that as boon as a ui'gio coimisinto
Itnid ho becomes free : one may be a villein in England, but
no! a slave. FA per Powell, J. In a villein the ownei
has a pioperty, but it is an inheritance ; in a woid, he has a
piopeity, but it is a chattcl real; the iaw took no notice of
a negro."
Then, if the law took no notice of a negro, it
did not make him a slave; that is clear.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Read it all.
Mr. CLARK. I will read it all. Chief Justice
llolt says:
" You-.hould have avei red in the declination, that the sale
was in Virginia, and by the laws of that country, negroes
are saleable ; fot the laws of En gland do notextend to Vir-
ginia; bemgaconqueicd country, their law is what the King
pleases; and we cannot take notice of it but as set foith ;
theiefore he directed the plaintiff should amend, and the
decollation should be made, that the defendant wa  indebted
to the plaintiff for a negro sold here at London, but that the
said riegio.auhe time or'sale, was in Virginia, andthatne-
gioes by the laws and statutes of Vngiuia are saleable as
chattels."
In England there could have been no sale of a
negro, for he would have been a freeman; but the
slave being in Vnginia, he could be sold though
the sale was made m London.
" Then the Attorney General coming m. said, they were
inheritances, and tiansferabic by aced, and not without;
and nothing was done "
I do not think that is authority for the other
side. Here the same case comes up in another
shape in Smith vs. Gould, in trover. In the case
which I have just quoted they tried an assumpsit,
and could not succeed m that, because th^re was
not such a thing as a slave in England, by the
common law. • They then tried trover, and the
court held that trover lies not for a negro; but in
a suit of trespass, quare captivim suum cepit, if in
technical form, the court intimated that the plain-
tiff might have succeeded.
I want to call the attention of honorable Sena-
tors to one expression in this case of Smith vs.
Gould, which covers the whole ground. I hav*
never seen anything so succinctly stated. It re-
sembles some of those old maxims of the common
law:
u Sed curia contra, men may be the owners, and, there-
fore, cannot be the subject of property."
Man may own, but he cannot be owned. That
is the doctrine of the case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What becomes of the vil-
leins?
Mr. CLARK. Now, Mr. President, I have
done with that partof my argument which relates
to the common law. I think I have shown that
slavery did not exist by the common law. If it
did not exist by the common law, it could not be
brought here by the common law from England,
and did not exist here. If it did not exist here
by the common law, then, if it existed at all, it
existed by the municipal law—the positive law
of the State. Wherever there was a positive law
on the subject, regarding the slave as property,
there he was property. Wherever there was no
municipal law, no law upon the subject making
him a slave, there he was a freeman. Hence the
pertinency of that provision of the Constitution,
which was a matter of compromise, in regard to
the fugitive slave. If in Virginia and Maryland
a slave is held by the force of positive law, cus-
tom, or statute, and he escape and goes into the
State of Pennsylvania, or any other State where
lie is not held as a slave, where slavery does not
exist, without a provision that he should be re-
turned under the Constitution, he would be free;
and, therefore, the framers of the Constitution in-
serted in it that provision.
Our courts have repeatedly held, and have re-
cently held in New York, Massachusetts, every-
where, that if asiave is carried voluntarily by his
master into a free State, he cannot take him back
again. If slavery existed by the common law,
the master would have a right over him, and he
could take him back just as he could his horse, or
his cow. He could lay his hands upon him and
say: "you are my property under tho common
law; come along with me." You would not want
a fugitive slave law to get him if slavery existed
by the common law. You never have had a fu-
gitive slave law for a horse or a sheep. It was
only because that by the common law the slave,
when he gets from under the statute-law, is free,
that this provision of the Constitution was adopt-
ed.
This case in Georgia, and some other cases, go
to the point to show that slavery was not estab-
lished by the law of nations. The law of nations,
as I said, does not go so far as to make positive
law for any State. For instance, England may
recognize slavery and the slave trade as part of
the law of nations, Spain may recognize them,
France may recognize them, the whole world may
recognize them by the law of nations; and yet, if
New Hampshire does not recognize them, the
law of nations cannot force them upon her. The
la w of nations regulates the rules and the proceed-
ings of trade between nations; but it does not go
within a nation and make anything a part of its
institutions, and force on that nation what does
not otherwise exist by its own law. So, if sla-
very and the slave trade exist by the law of na-
tions, that law of nations does not have the forco
of carrying slavery into any Territory where it
does not exist, but only regulates the law as be-
tween those nations. Each nation is at liberty to
regulate its own law. The United States undoubt-
edly recognized the slave trade as part of the law
of nations up to a certain time. I think it recog-
nizes it now as part of the law of some nations,
but she has prohibited it herself, and the law of
nations does nothave such effect as to compel her
to have it here. No such force is given to it; and
notwithstanding all the nations in Christendom,
except the United States, may have recognized
slavery, yet if the United States had not recog-
nized it, it does not bring it here; and if some of
those United States have recognized it, it does
not carry it into States which have not recog-
nized it. It has no force to bring it into free ter-
ritory, because recognized in Vitginia, or because
Virginia recognized the law of nations. It does
not have any such force. Each nation stands by
itself upon its own laws regulating its own do-
mestic concerns, and then there are certain laws,
