1128
the mmmrnxMAL globe.
March 15,
we will make a new canal, enlarge that olie, or
adopt some proposition to slack-water the navi-
gation of the river. An intimation on the latter
point has been thrown out by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. CovodE.] I'putposetoshow,
with the permission of the House and of the
Speaker, that the true policy is to let the existing
canal be enlarged and widened as sooA as possi-
ble. Therefore, we ought not to trouble the De-
partment for information, the very giving of which
will require that a considerable portion of the
clerical force of the Department be diverted from
their appropriate employment to get up this in-
formation ; and I would say here,in regard to res-
olutions of inquiry generally;(atiid I have it from
& reliable and high source,) that the Departments
are unable to meet the frequent call's that are Wad e
on them by this House for information, unless ad-
ditional force be furnished the® to do the labor
thereby imposed. I was going on to say that the
proposition for a canal upon the'Indiana side is
in the hands of.the Committee on Commerce.
The president of the company is here as an agent,
sent by the Board of'Trade of Cincinnati; and
the very fact that this charter lift's existed for
years 
Mr. BURNETT. I must insist Upon my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to see the
pertinency of the remarks of the gentleman from
Indiana, to the pending resolutions. It may be
that there is something intended by the resolutions
which the Chair does not see or cannot compre-
hend. All that the first resolution looks to is in-
formation with reference to what has been done by
certain officers connected with the Louisville and
Portland canal; and'there is a Second resolution
directing the Committee 011 Roads and Canals to
inquire into the expediency of providing for re-
ducing the tolls on that canal. That is all that
the resolutions purport; and as to whether there
be a proposition to build other canals at other
points, the Chair cann'otperceive how that can be
considered pertinent to the resolutions before the
House.
_ Mr. HUGHES. "Well, then, I will put a ques-
tion. for information, to the mover of the resolu-
tions. I wish to inquire of my colleague whether
he is not in favor of the construction of a new
canal on the Indiana side of the river?
Mr. BURNETT. I object to his answering the
question.
Mr. ENGLISH. Under the ruling of the Chair
it would not bo proper for me to answer the gen-
tleman's inquiry, and therefore I will n'ot answer
it; but 1 am always for Indiana interests and
would answer it fully if it would be in order.
Mr. ED'IE. I desire toknow.whetheritisnot
competent for the gentleman, at this stage of the
proceedings, to presume that the object of the pro-
posed reduction of tolls is to destroy the canal,
and thus pave the way for constructing a canal
on the Indiana side?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would require a rather metaphysical mind to
see the application of that to the pending propo-
sition.
Mr. HUGHES. If I cannot be permitted to take
the same range of discussion which other gentle-
men have taken 011 this question, and if I must
close my mouth under points of order, I shall en-
deavor to close the mouths of other gentlemen by
calling the previous question; and I do it.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to withdraw his call for the previous
question.
Mr. HUGHES. Withdraw your point of or-
der.
Mr. BURNETT. You were out of order, and
I will confine myself to the resolutions before the
House. I desire to make a few remarks, and ask
the gentleman to withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. HUGHES. Will you renew it'
Mr. BURNETT. I will.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I do notunderstand.asmy
colleague from the Louisville district does, that
these resolutions contemplate depriving the State
of Kentucky of any rights that she or any of her
citizens may have in this canal. I cannot, for my
life, see why there should be any objection to the
calling for the information asked for by these reso-
lutions. What are the facts, as conceded by rrty col-
league, and the gentleman from Indiana? There
is no propositiort here for the building of a canal
on the Indiana Shore, or for the damming the Ohio
river at the Narrows. There is hothing of that
sort here; but merely a simple inquiry, asking for
information as to the management of this canal.
If it has been feirly managed, if there has been
nothing wrong done, then the geh'tlemen Who are
interested in this 'eanal are not injured by the in-
formation being given.
My 4olleag'ue says that there was originally
$1,'000,000 of this stock—the United States own-
ing twenty-three hundred shares, and private in-
dividuals Seventy-seven hundred shares. Now,
my colleague atid the former Sitsretary of the
Treasury Of the United States do hot Understand
this matter alike The Secretary of the Treasury,
in his report to the House df Representatives in
1855, says that this stock has been purchased—
that is, the seventy-seVen hurl fired shares oWned
by private individuals—and has been transferred:
to whom ? My ctilleftgue says that the Govern-
ment does not own it; but the lkte Secretary of the
Treasury says that the United States have it by
transfer. If that be so, then the Government of
the United States is the owner df all this stock,
except five shares. Nb#, what is the next in-
quiry ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My state-
ment is this: that the offer to transfer it was made
by the company to the United States on the per-
formance of the conditions hgquired by the Ken-
tucky statute, and there it stands to-day. I know
that that is the fact; for I have been myself writ-
ten to this winter, since I have been here, advising
with me as to the propriety of formally withdraw-
ing the offer.
Mr. BURNETT. I now desire to ask riiy col-
league a questioh. It is this: if the United States
do not own the seventy-seven hundred shares of
stock, (except five,) to whom do they belong?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. They are
held in trust by these five men for the tUnited
States, if the United States will perform the con-
dition of the trust, for the State of Kentucky as a
second chooser, and for the eity of Louisville as
a third chooser.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the gentleman from ICeh-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] Will allow me, I fcan Set
this matter right by showing the precise language
of the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guth-
rie, who, it is well known, is himself a resident
of the city of Louisville. He says, in his official
report:
" In Jiirmary, 1855, the net recci'pt%ofthe canal were suf-
ficient to purchase the balance of the private stock, and alt
was purchased and transferred to the United States except
five shares
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
nothing more than what my colleague [Mr. Bur-
nett] has just stated. The erhphasis does not
make it any stronger. My colleague said that
that was the statement of Mr. Guthrie, and I
know that such was his statefneilt. But I sup-
pose the state of facts to be this: that Mr. Guth-
rie Spoke of a transfer having been made while
there was only an offer to transfer, which offer
the General Government has never accepted. In
my country it takes two to make a bargain.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague, the gentle-
man from Indiana, and myself, agl-ee as to the
facts. Now, let us examine the question as to
whether wo, as the representatives of tlie people
of the nation, ought not to have this inquiry.
Why should we not? My constituents are as
much interested in the navigation ofthe Ohio river
as are the constituents of any gentleman on this
floor. The people of the whole country are in-
terested in the navigation of the Ohio ri ver. We
all alike have an interest in it, and it is our duty
to protect the people in their rights on that river.
These resolutions ask for information—for what?
With a view that we may determine the question
as to whether there is any action on the part of
the General Government necessary to protect the
rights.of the people of the country against five
shareholders in this Louisville and Portland ca-
nal.
The Legislatute of Kentucky, itis true, passed
a bill in which they provide that this company
may enlarge this canal. How? Out of the pro-
ceeds arising from the tolls collected from the com-
merce of that river.
Then the General Government owns every dol-
lar df that steifck, except the five shares owned
by private individuals. The Legislature of Ken-
tucky does not contemplate making this a free
canal. But, sir, these five shareholders of this
canal are to enlarge it, and the commerce of the
whole couiitry is to be taxed—for whose benefit ?
For the benefit of these five private shareholders.
Now, sir, I take as deep an interest in the af-
fairs of Kentucky as any man in this House, and
will go as far to promote the interests of the citi-
zens Of ttiy Own district and of that State, but I
■#ill riot feit here in my seat, and by my vote aid
in refusing to call for information which will en-
able Us to determine intelligently what the action
of the House should be.
I am opposed to the project forbuildihg a canal
di) the Indiana side. I am opposed to the Cin-
cinnati project. But suppose, for instance, these
five bHfate shareholders who owfi this individual
stttttkjgo On findehlarge the canal,has not the Gov-
ernment 80'ftie voice in this matter? She owns all
the stock, which has been paid up and transferred
to her, except, five shares ; we are now calling for
ihforrriation to see how this money has been ex-
pended, and by what authority they have appro-
priated the tolls which have been collected to
widening and defcpenifig the canal.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will read
to the gentleman from the report of the Secre-
tary Of the Treasury, Where the authority comes
from:
"In April, 1835, the Department authorized the president
and directors of the canal to Make, certain improvements,
to be paid out of the surplus tolls, with a distinct instruc-
tion that nothing was to be expended but the excess of the
tolls over and above the expensed, and no debts to £e con-
tracted. The improvements authorized were a floating and
swinging boom at the head of the canal, two additional
basins at passing-places for boats, and the making smooth
the ledges on each side of the canal, and the.widening it
somewhat. These improvements, it was considered, would
benefit the navigation andfacilitate the free passage of boats,
and could be effected in two years with the surplus receipts^
and were strictly within the expenditures for improvements
as contemplated in the act of 1842, and impliedly consented
to by the United States."
There is*the authority giving the assent ofthe
United States to making these improvements.
Mr. BURNETT. It may be that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had not the power to give
the assent of the United States. But I will not
discuss that question, for it is not the question
before us. I am for protecting the interests of
Commerce, and of the people of this couiitry, fo]r
We are all interested in it. I am for protecting my
constituents against any attempt upon the part of
these five shareholders to levy upon the commerce
of that river for the purpose of enlarging this
canal.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to un-
derstand my colleague. Suppose Congress makes
no disposition Of the surplus revenue which arises
from the tolls collected from the canal: the Gov-
ernment owns but twenty-three hundred shares;
seventy-seven hundred shares are owned by pri-
vate individuals; and do I understand my col-
league to say that the Secretary of the Treasury
has no power to give the assent of the Govern-
ment to the dedication of the surplus to making
improvements ?
Mr. BURNETT. The basis upon which my
colleague rests his question will not do. Why?
He bases it upon the supposition that the Gov-
ernment does not own the seventy-seven hundred
shares formerly in the hands of individuals.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I insist on applying the gentleman's own ques-
tion of order to himself.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I will keep within
the bounds of order. My colleague rests his ques-
tion upon the basis that seventy-seven hundred
shatesof this stock are owned by private individ-
uals, when in fact the General Government owns
them, and the General Government has the right
to control them. Private individuals have surren-
dered their rights to them. Who says so? The
Secretary of the Treasury—aij official of the Gen-
eral Government, who has the right to speak upon
the subject. He says the right of ownership of
these seventy-seven hundred shares is in the Gen-
era! Government.
I was remarking that I had an interest in the
navigation of the Ohio river. My constituents
are interested in it. There is no gentleman upon
this floor whose constituents are more deeply in-
terested. I am for pi^tecting the rights of these
