2152
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is, I want tile
•yeas and nayTiipon it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, V/hy is my reso-
lution not entei tamed ? There is no other prop-
osition before tho House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Clemens] is npuu the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Upon what ques-
tion?
Mr. CLEMENS. I have made a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stated that
he would make a motion that the members who
are marked as absentees be required to present
themselves to-morrow, or on some subsequent
day, and render their excuses for their absence.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then no proposi-
tion is now before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. Is the motion which the gen-
tleman from Virginia indicates that he will make
in order?
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair is of opinion— —
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the Chair allow me to
state my proposition in my own phraseology ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that if, upon the
adjournment of this House, any of the absentees
who have not been excused shail not have ap-
peared, the Seigeant-at-Arros be directed to have
them in custody at eleven o'clock,a. m., to-mor-
row, in order that the House may take such pro-
ceedings in reference to them as it may see fit.
Mr. CLAY. 1 wis!) to ask a question of the
gentleman from Virginia. Does the gentleman
mean to imply censure upon alt those gentlemen
who have been absent upon this call of the
House?
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir; I simply wish to
treat those who are still absent as we have treated
those who ate now here.
Mr. CLAY. That is the pnrpoit of the gentle-
man's resolution ; but the purpoit of the remai ks
which he made rather implied a censure, it ap-
peared to me, upon all those gentlemen who hap-
pened to be absent after five o'clock. I wish to
know if that was his intention?
Mr. CLEMENS. I cast no reflections upon
individual absentees, other than those which they
have themselves willingly incurred.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask lum, and to ask his colleague, [Mr. Gar-
NETTj] how m&ny times they have been absent in
Virginia since the House has been in session?
Mr. CLEMENS. Does the gentleman desire
to know how often I have been absent?
Mr. CLAY. I do.
Mr. CLEMEN^. The record shows that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to have
my question of older decided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
fven if (he proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia should be entertained and adopted by
the House, all proceedings undei the call would
fall with the adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
this question: Suppose the House should adjourn
now, or the mutter should be postponed: would
it not be competent for the House at any time to
proceed against and fine the members who have
been absent without the leave or consent of the
H ouse r
The SPEAKER. The Chair is rather inclined
to the opinion thai the House can at a subsequent
time require membeis to answer for violating its
rules.
The Sergeant-at-A nns appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, was now
Within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Marshall, of Ken-
tucky,you have been ai rested and hi ought before
tne bar of the Motive for absenting yourself from
its sittings without the permission of the House.
What reas-Mi have you to assign for your absence?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My reason,
Mr. Speaker, is, that I remained here until I saw
all the persons in the Hall with their hats on, and
i supposed that the House had adjourned. 1 saw
that the House was no longer compeient to do
business, and 1 thought it way time that I should
go home.
Mr. GROW. Ah the gentleman gives the ex-
cuse that he thought the House had adjourned, I
desire to call attention to the last paragraph on
/ay
page 131 of the Manual, as to what is an adjourn-
ment.
The Clerk read the paragraph, as follows:
" It the question he pat for arijoienmonf, it i? no adjourn-
ment till the Speaker pronounces it; and, from eouit icv
and respect, no member leaves ins place tin tne Speaker
has passed on."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I was per-
fectly conversant with that rule, and my idea that
the House had adjourned arose from the fact that
every member was out of his seat.
Mr. GROW. Except the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman fronl Kentucky remain
in custody?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of T'Unois. I move that
the gentleman from^entucky be discharged from
custody on payment of the fees.
Mr. KUNK'EL, of Maryland. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Resolved, That the fuither procecdtmr5' under the present
call of the House be dispensed with, and .-o much thereof
as imposes the payment of fees on abs>cnt«cs be remitted.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is not m order.
Mr. KUNXCEL, of Maryland. Is it not par-
liamentary? I have been here, sir, during the
whole call. I was opposed to it when it was first
commenced. It is productive of no good, and I
think that this would be the most dignified wa
of ending it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposi- !
tion is not germane to the pending motion.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr. 1
Wasiibitrne, of Illinois; and it was agreed to. i
Mr. SAND1DGE obtained the floor. \
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Is my propo- !
sition now in order? !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis- j
iana has been recognized, and is entitled to the i
floor. j
Mr. SAND1DGE. I have acted in good faith ,
so far in sustaining tho call, with the hope of get- :
ting a quorum here, and not to show the power of I
the House to effect such a purpose. My hope was, (
then, when we secured the attendance of a quorum, j
wc should take up the Calendar where we left off, !
and show the countiy that we could stay here j
after nine o'clock in the evening and do the busi- |
ness of the country. I wish now to know whether j
there is a quorum present. j
The SPEAKER. There are one hundred and j
thirteen member* present. ' j
Mr. SANDIDOE. That is not a quorum, and ;
1 hope that we will proceed with the call. \
Mr. GREKNWOOD. If the Chair could ascer- !
tain by any means outside of the record, 1 think
it would be found that there isaquorum present.
! Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
S adjourn.
J Mr. GREENWOOD. T ed]l for tollers. We
1 can see by a division of the House whether or not
i a quorum is present.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
; and nays.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The question was taken; and it was decided in
| the negative—yeas 40, nays 69; as follows:
j YEAS — Mew. Atkuv, KtlHnyhui-t, Chapman, Clay,
j John Coehiane, Coekei ill.Cox, James Ciaur, Durree, Fanis-
i woi Ut, Fen ton, (Jilitior, Gian<*or Gi eon wood, Greiru, Grot's-
! hock, Hatch, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Goorge W. Jones,
; Ke!h>i.% Knapp, Jacob M- Kunkcl, Ilnmphtey Mai-dia!t}
I Million. Paiker, Pendleton, fleadv, Reagan, IJenrv M.
j Shaw. John Siiei man, Stevenson, Vv'illuun ai t, Totnp-
knis^TiippOjVValdion', Walton, WiUon.Woodson, and Zol-
' lieolfei— '}().
j N — Mesi«r-. Abbott, Anderson, Andrew?, Arnold,
. Bmeham, Hli-s, Bojce, Hnirinton, TWulmgamc, Bums,
I Ca^o, Ohaflee, dawson, Clemen-., Ooltav, Covode, Cia^m,
] J)avis ot fowa. Daive-;, Dodd, Engli-li, Foley, Foster, Gar-
| nett. Gilmun, Gooeh, Goodwin. Giow, Hoard, Iiowa.nl,
! Ihi2he<, liusler. Kelsey, John C Ivunk^l, Loiter, Love-
| joy, Mattoon. Mavnaid. Moore. Morgan, Morrill, Edward
JoVMnni", Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Olm, Palmer, Pettit,
: Pitelp<, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puivianoe. Robbms. Royeo,
; Ratlin, Samlidtre, JutNon W. Shciinan, Sitnjleron, Spinner,
Canton. J nnrs A. Stewait, Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Wade, W'alhridgc. Elhhti B. Wa^hburne, I^uiel
: Wa iibmn, Winslow, and Woitenthke—60.
i So the House refused to adjourn.
i Pending the above call, Messrs. Smith of Vir-
, ginm, and Underwood stated thtit when their
■ names were calied, they were out getting some
! refreshment.
J The SPEAKER. Mr. Morse, of New York,
! you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without Us permission. What reason have you
to assign for vour abs< nee ?
Mr. MORSE, of New York. None-other than
that I wont home  o get my dinner.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the gentleman
be dischaiged on the payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in order to move to
take, a recess until eleven o'clock to-moirow?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON. Tnere are many mem-
bers here who have been here for over twelve
hours. I have been here nearly thirteen hours.
1 came before nine o'clock, to attend one of the
committees of this House. It seems to me not
right that those who have been here for so many
houis should be kept here, and punished for those
who have been derelict by absenting themselves.
I ask unanimous consent to make the motion.
| Air, JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
I Mr. FENTON. I have a few*words to say,
J The impression will prevail, from what has been
I said here to-night, that those who were absent
i and brought here, are those who are not unfre-
j quently responsible for the want of a quorum to
; do business. That is, in part, a great mistake,
I and calculated to do injustice to many gentlemen
; who are uniformly prompt and efficient in the dis-
I charge of their duiies. They are not mainly ihose
i who^havG left the House without a quorum since
i the oider was made to meet at eleven o'clock in
| the morning. Many of the gentlemen now so
1 zealous in promoting this call weie only a ftw
mornings since found absent on a call of the roil.
I only mention she fact to have gentlemen see that
their zeal is not only not accoi d ing to wisdom, but
that it assumes no ment to which they are justly .
entitled beyond their associates. The House was
in session for six or seven hours, and it could not
be expected that every member would be found
in his seat at the end of that time, m the absenco
of any question of great and all-pei vaumg inter-
est. Some went to their dinners, perhaps; otheis
left for a short time from physical exhaustion or
indisposition, and those who ft.lt the ability to do
so, I suppose have returned or intend to return.
When they arrive at the doors of the House they
are arrested and brought here. I submit to gentle-
men that we are accomplishing nothing practical in
tins; we are not facilitating the public business.
If there is not time to act deliberately on the
business of the country within the time inter-
vening between now and the 7th of June, let that
time be extended. I do not believe there is time
unless we sit through the hours of the night, and
that I do not believe the country expects of us,
and neither should we do so, having a proper re-
gard for ourselves and the safety and correctness
of the business intrusted to our hands. I am
> willing to extend the time, and I will vote for a res-
i olutioh extending it for thirty days or any length
i-of time gentlemen may find it necessary for the
discharge of the public business. To act with
I deliberation, economize our time, and do all that
I we are sent here foi, in a proper manner, to the
j best of our judgment, is our high and solemn
| duty, and I am not willing that tho impression
J shall go out that all the gentlemen who weie so
i unfortunate as to be absent on a call of the House
i on this occasion, are those who are frequently de-
i relict in thedischarge of duty, or wanting in faith-
i fulness to the public service; many of these gen-
tlemen will not suffer in comparison with some of
those, who, to-night, are distinguishing thorn-
s'Ives as the ever faithful guardians.
Air. ATKINS. I have heard intimations thrown
out that gentlemen were derelict in their duty,
simply because, at five o'clock, they left the Hall
to go to their dinner. T desire to say that I have
not been absent from the Hall, during this Con-
gress, but two days, and those two days I was
detained in my room by sickness. Gentlemen on
both sides of the House have spoken as though
it wero an offense to have left the Hall for a short
while to go home and dine. Two or three of my
colleagues are absent, who have, during the ses-
sion, been always found in their seats. I have
not been absent, as I have said, but two days, and
those gentlemen I have seen here during every
day 1 have been here. I think that the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Clemens]
were altogether out of place.
