42
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
morrow. I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this question until to-morrow at one
o'clock, with a view of allowing the Senator from
Missouri to go on with his speech.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may take the
vote on the committees at once.
Mr. BROWN, if there is to be no further
debate, I shall not object to it.
Mr. HALE. I want to speak, but I shall not
occupy more than five minutes; and then I think
we can take the vote.
Mr. BROWN. Then somebody else will want
to speak.
Mr. HALE. No, I think I shall be so satis-
factory that nobody will wish to follow me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire never made a speech that did not
elicit one in reply, [laughter;] but I will hear him
for five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. No, sir. I do not wish to speak
to so unwilling an audience. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island, inregard to the form-
ation of the committees of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, linttjaniin, Biirss, liigler,
Bright, Bioderick, Brown, Clay, Davis, Douglas, Evans,
Fitch, Fitzpairick, Green, Gwin, Hunter, lverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Ma-
son, Polk, Pugli, Ileid, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clark, CoUamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Duikue, Fcssenden, Foot, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, Kmc, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
So the resolution was adopted.
president's message.
On motion of Mr. Brown, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the motion to print the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, when, on
Wednesday last, the honorable Senator from Il-
linois [Mr. Douglas] addressed the Senate, I
was taken completely by surprise. I was sur-
prised not only that he should have made his re-
marks at that time, but I was still more surprised
at the manner and the matter of the speech. He
himself stated, if I recollect correctly, that the
President had made no recommendation on the
subject of Kansas. It is a fact known by us all
that no application on the part of Kansas was
before Congress in any shape. If, therefore,
there was neither an executive recommendation
nor an application upon the part of Kansas,
wherefore should the subject have been thrust on
the attention of the country? When practical
action is required on the part of Senators, the
views of Senators are expected to be elicited;
but when neither an executive recommendation
required any practical action, nor any applica-
tion on the part of Kansas had been made, it
seemed to me most extraordinary that wo should
be compelled to engage in an abstract discussion
with no reference to practical results. It is not
my purpose to inquire into the motive of the
honorable Senator. 1 am willing to concede, as I
do, that it was patriotic; but 1 must think it very
improper. It was well calculated to prejudice
the question now pending before the people of
Kansas. An election is to bo held on the 21st
of tins month, and the public mind was prepared
to see the people go forward and express then
preferences for and against, as the question may
l>e presented to them; but his speech, going as
a counter manifesto to the just and fair message
of the Executive of this Government, is well
calculated, though no doubt not designed, to pre-
judice that question before the people of Kansas,
as well as before the people of the country.
But, sir, whether the question has been right-
fully or wrongfully brought up for consideration,
it is now before us; and justice to the Executive,
justice to the question itself, justice to the people
of Kansas, and justice to my own State, which
cannot fail to feel a deep interest in the proper
adjustment and final settlement of the question,
require that I should meet, and, as far as I may
be able, counteract the positions assumed by the
honorable Senator from Illinois.
- The honorable Senator from Illinois sets out
with imputing to the President a "fundamental
error." Before we can discuss we must have the
issue presented.' Before our arguments can have
a practical bearing on the question before the Sen-
ate, it is necessary that we should understand
what that question is. In what, according to the
positions assumed by the Senator from Illinois,
does this "fundamental error" consist? I un-
derstand him to say that the " fundamental error"
into which he charged the President with having
fallen, is that the President says there was no
law either in the Kansas-Nebraska act, in the
Constitution of the country, or in the common
usages of the Government, that made it obliga-
tory on the convention of Kansas to submit their
constitution to a subsequent vote of the people.
This is the imputed "fundamental error." To
that point I shall direct the attention of the Sen-
ate.
It is not for me to say whether the propriety
of the submission of the slave branch of that con-
stitution to a separate vote, ought to have been
considered by the Executive or not. I choose not
to trace him in the course of his reasoning on the
subject. I choose rather to notice the conclusion
at which he has arrived—a conclusion that prom-
ises a full adjustment of this whole question; that
promises peace to the country; that promises sat-
isfaction to the North and to the South; and that
promises to remove a bone of contention over
which the public mind has been too much ha-
rassed for the last several years.
The real practical question, then, which we have
to consider is this: ought Kansas, when her con-
stitution shall be presented, be admitted into the
Union ? or ought the consideration of what the
honorable Senator from Illinois calls a "funda-
mental error" of the President, to be deemed a
sufficient reason to keep Kansas out of the Union,
and to keep this most unfortunate subject still
agitating the public attention ? This is the real
issue, it is not whether we approve of parts of
the constitution of Kansas: it is not whether we
think the qualification required by the convention
in framing the constitution of Kansas, of twenty
years' citizenship of the United States in order to
be Governor, is right. That is a subject upon
which the people of Kansas alone have the right
to decide.
It is true the honorable Senator does not say
that we have a right to supervise the action of
the convention of Kansas m that regard. But
he seems to bring up what he regards as objec-
tionable parts of their constitution, and traces
them in such a manner that the public might be
prejudiced against the result of the labors of the
convention. In his great anxiety to so present
that feature in regard to the qualification which
the Governor of Kansas is required to possess,
he even misstates and misconstrues the constitu-
tion of Kansas as presented before us. He says
" twenty years'citizenship is required." That
is true; but is that a cause of objection ? The
Senator's own State of Illinois, when she was
admitted into the Union, required as a qualifi-
cation of the Governor that he should have been
thirty tears a citizen of the United States; and
surely he will not invoke the application of a rule
to Kansas which, under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, requires rather a relaxation
for the sake of peace and quietude. Surely he
will not object to the application of the same
liberality to Kansas, so as to leave that question
unprejudiced; for if Illinois could come into the
Union with a constitution requiring the Governor
to bo a citizen for the space of thirty years, surely
it is no insuperable objection to Kansas that she
requires only a twenty years' citizenship. So
with the State of Missouri—my own State. Her
constitution requires the Governor to be a native-
born citizen of the United States; and so it is
with various other States. The constitution of
the State of Mississippi requires twenty years'
citizenship of the United States on the part of
the Governor; and a large number of the consti-
tutions of the States require them to be native
born. The Constitution of the United States
tpquires the President to be a native-born citizen
of the United States.
I refer to these facts for the purpose of show-
ing that, in all times past, such a matter has never
been urged on the Senate as any reason why the
application of a State for admission into the Union
ought to be rejected. Perhaps the Senator will
say, however, that he did not urge it in that view,
and that he only stated that the people should
have a right to pass on that question. I shall
advert to that point after a while. In the same
connection, however, he uses this language, which
an examination of the constitution does not war-
rant:
" If men think no person should vote or hold office until
he has been here twenty years, he has a right to think so."
The employment of this language on the part
of the Senator induces those who have not ex-
amined the constitution of Kansas, to believe
that it requires twenty years'citizenship before
the right of voting can attach. The Senator has
fallen into an error. The constitution simply
requires for the exercise of the right of suffrage
in Kansas, that a person shall be a citizen of the
United States, and a free white male inhabitant
of the State. If this were to go broadcast through
the land, those who object to the stringent rules
which the party to which he referred sometimes
have been held to advocate, would feel greatly
prejudiced against the Kansas constitution; while,
if they examine it, and see what its provisions
are, they will find that the Senator has misstated
its provisions.
So on other questions—the subject of banks,
and the mode of taxation. He animadverted on
all these points with pleasure, and with a view,
as it would seem, (though doubtless for no such
purpose,) at least to point out objections in the
Kansas constitution, on the subject of banks, as
well as on the subject of taxation. Now if he
concedes, as I know he will concede, that Con-
gress has no right to consider any of the features
of the constitution of a State save whether it be
republican, why need he dwell on anything else ?
It would, if he regarded itas obnoxious, connected
with the powerful influence of that distinguished
character which he possesses, spread a prejudicial
influence abroad on a subject which he admits he
has no right to consider in the Senate of the
United States.
So with regard to one other branch -of his ar-
gument. The ordinance that accompanies the
constitution is held by some to be extravagant in
its demands on the Federal Government. It may
or may not be so. Whether it be right to accede
to the proposition submitted in the shape of an
ordinance or not, I shall not now stop to discuss;
for I hold that it is no part of the constitution of
Kansas. It is a separate proposition presented
by the convention of Kansas, and it is matter of
contract with the Federal Government whether
we accede to it or not. Wc may disaffirm that
contract. In other words, it is a proposition, and
we may make a counter-proposition. It is a mat-
ter for consideration, for adjustment; and it is
no branch or part of the constitution of the State.
The question which we have to consider is, not
the qualification required in the Kansas constitu-
tion tor Governor; not the mode in which the
elective franchise is to be exercised; not the pro-
visions in regard to banks; not the provisions
with regard to the mode of taxation. These are
all subjects with which we have nothing to do.
They exclusively pertain to the people of Kansas.
This they have, through their convention, decided
for themselves.
There is but one single legal question to which
our attention can be directed; is it a "republican"
form of government? As it respects the numbers
requisite to entitle the people of Kansas to ad-
mission into the Union, 1 believe it has never been
called in question. Certainly the Senator from
Illinois has not called it in question, and I have
not heard it called in question by any other Sen-
ator. I do not understand the Senator from Illi-
nois to say that the constitution of Kansas is not
"republican." On the contrary, I have no doubt
of tile fact that all will admit it to be as republican
as the constitution of any State in the United
States; as consonant with the principles of repub-
licanism as any constitution that has ever been
presented to the American people. If it comes
before us in that shape—admitted to be repub-
lican—admitted to have a sufficient population to
entitle them to admission—admitted that the pe-
culiar features of the constitution are questions
with which we have no concern, wherefore is it
that the admission of the State into the Union is
to be resisted and opposed ? For what purpose ?
What reason is to be assigned ?
The first reason that is assigned is, that there
