1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91'
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
rules, and regulations, called the law of nations,
-which regulate the intercourse of nations.
With these remarks upon that point of the case
I dismiss it. I have some further remarks to make
upon this casein Georgia, because it goes further
than any case I have found. It goes on to point
out the way in which property in slaves was ac-
quired, and to give, in fact, the foundation of the
law for holding property in slaves, or holding ne-
groes as slaves:
" The faculty of holding slaves [say the court] was de-
rived from the trustees of the eolony, acting under authority
of the British Ciown, as a civil right, in 1751, by an ordi-
nance of that board. Before that time, their introduction
was prohibited."
Remember that this is a decision in the State of
Georgia:
« Th<j regulation of slave property is as much the province
of municipal law, as the regulation of any other property,
and its protection equally its obligation ; but we deny that
property in fclave«, and the title hy which they are held,aie
the creations of statutoiy law. To view this question fairly,
let the inquiry 550 back to a period subsequent to the ordi-
nance of the trustees, in 1751, and anterior to any Illa-
tion upon the subject of slavery. Licensed to hold slave
propertv, the Georeia planter held the slave as a chattel;
and whence did he derive his title? Either directly fiomthe
slave ttader, or from those who held under him, and he from
the slave captor m Africa. The property in the slave m the
planter, became thus just the piopertyofthe original captor.
In the absence of any stamtory limitation upon that pro-
perty, he holds it as unqualifiedly as the first proprietor held
Exactly. Nobody doubts that. Nobody in
the world that I know of can doubt that the slave-
holder has just as good aright to the negro slave
as the man who stole him and brought him away
from his country, and the slave trader. Here is
the foundation of this business which all Christian
nations have carried on. They go back to the
slave captor, to the man who stole him m Africa,
or to the slave trader, and they say the slaveholder
has jast a? good a right to the slave as the captor
or the slave trader. I grant you that, or any
other robber or pirate, but not better. 1 do not
mean bv this, Mr. President, by any means that
the people who own slaves are pirates or robbers;
I am only speaking of the solidity of the title.
It rests exactly upon the title of the captor who
makes war upon the African and takes him away,
or of the slave trader who is declared to be a
pirate. That is exactly the title of the slave-
holder to the slave,and he has no other. In many
cases the negro gets into the hands of people who
are not to blame. I will not condemn any man,
or any class of men. i am discussing the abstract
principle upon which the title to the slave rests.
It rests upon the right of the captor—" you are
my negro, my slave; take him away; ship hn*1 In
irons, and carry him away.and sell him." ^ow>
Mr. President, (Mr. Fitch m the chair,) if 1
were to go into Indiana, and take your horse and
brinhim here, and I should sell him to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, he would have just as
good a rightto him as I had,and not any better;
he is your horse for all that. So it is with the
man who deals with the slave, either as captor or
trader. He has not any more title than that.
This is the sort of property that they want to
carry into this new State. I come to another ques-
tion, Mr. President: who is going to do it ? 1 hey
say the Dred Scott decision has carried it there
already. Well, that will not operate after we form
it as aState. Here in this Lecompton constitution
is a provision that slaves are to be carried into
that State by authority of that constitution. Who
gives that constitution vitality? The people in the
Territory? Not at all. That constitution is not
worth the paper on which it is written until we
breathe the breath of life into it and make it our
child. 1, tor one, am not going to breathe upon
it. It may remain a dead carcass for me tor many
generations. It cannot exist unless we put it in
force. There is a great deal of talk aoout this
being the constitution of the people of Kansas.
Well, admitting that they formed its shape, sanc-
tioned its provisions, put the words together; still
Congress has got to breathe life into it, and s.a-
very will not exist there under that constitution
unless you put it there. You cannot escape it.
Now I do not will it. 1 do not think I shall.
At tins point, Mr. President, I desire to make
a few observations in regard to this notion of
popular sovereignty, and squatter sovereignty, as
these words are used now. I think I see pretty
clearly what authority there is here in regard to
this matter, and I think I see that under the Con-
stitution of the United States this talk about squat-
ter sovereignty does not amount to very much.
There has been a good deal of talk about popular
sovereignty in the people of aTerritory; there has
been talk of sovereignty in abeyance; and there
has been talk about man being sovereign. Well,
sir, every free man is sovereign; but sovereign
over what? Sovereign over what he owns, and
what he has a right to control. He is not sover-
eign over what is mine, nor what is yours; nor
is he sovereign over what belongs to any of these
States; nor is he sovereign over what belongs to
the United States. He is sovereign over his own
and ought to be sovereign over himself, though
sometimes he is not.
Well, sir, let us look at this matter as it stands.
Here was this Territory known as the Louisi-
ana Territory, afterwards as the Missouri Ter-
ritory, which was purchased from France in
1803 for a certain number of dollars. Mr. Presi-
dent, I want to ask you, I want to ask every hon-
orable Senator who hears me, this plain question:
when the people bought that Territory in 1803, to
whom did it belong ? Why, to the United States,
everybody will say. Very well. They, own-
ing the soil, had jurisdiction. The United States
were the sovereigns in that Territory. _ It was
theirs. Did anybody else own a foot of it? Had
anybody else any jurisdiction over it? Not at all.
It belonged to the United States. I do not mean,
as some°say, to the people of the United States
individually; that A owed his share, B his share,
C his share, and so on with the rest of the alpha-
bet; but I mean the United States, as a Govern-
ment, owned it; it was theirs. They had sover-
eign power over it under the Constitution. They
could control it; they have controlled it, and I do
not see that anybody else had any control over it.
Then the people of the Territory of Kansas go
into that Territory, and before you allow them to
pass territorial laws or territorial enactments, they
have no authority, no jurisdiction over it. It be-
longs to the people of the United States. Then,
by your territorial laws, by your Kansas-Ne-
braska act, you authorized the people in that Ter-
ritory to do certain things. Then you invested
them with some authority, and they went on and
did them with your authority. They derived
their authority from the Government of the United
States. Nobody else had any authority. You
granted it to them. They hold it under you, and
cannot get any more authority than they now have
under the territorial laws, unless you give it to
them. What is the idea of talking about their
being sovereigns in the Territory ? Do they own
anything there? Have they any jurisdiction ex-
cept what you give them ? They go there by your
permission. They hold that Territory by your
permission. Ah! but you say, we are the sover-
eign people. Very well—tiue; but you are sov-
ereign over what you own and what belongs to
you, and over nothing; more. You have in that
Territory* just what Congress has granted you,
and nothing mure. When Congress gives you
power to establish a State, then you will be the
people of a sovereign State and have power be-
longing to a State; but you will not have it if
Congress does not give it to you. You exist by
their authority until Congress gives you permis-
sion to become a State. When Congress has
given you jurisdiction overthe territorial go\ein-
ment and made you a State, then it is yours, just
as you have jurisdiction over my horse when I
give or sell him to you. Congress empowers the
people of the Territory to ffo into it and do cer-
tain things, and when a sufficient number get into
the Territory and petition for State jurisdiction,
then Congress may authorize them to make a
State government and transfer their jurisdiction
to them; and it then belongs to them as a sover-
eign State. ,
Talk about the people having a right to State
government! It depends upon what you mean
by right. If you mean to say any power to as-
sert, then they have not got it. If you mean that
Congress ought, under the Kansas-Nebraska act,
following out the policy of exercising its sound
discretion, to erect them into aState, then 1 agiee
with you entirely,they have the right. Congress
can h old out that inducement to the people under
the Kansas-Nebraska act, and it should keep it
faithfully to them. That Territory belongs to the
people of the United States. I do not understand
what particular right those people who go into it
get, any further than is given by Congress and
conferred by law; they are in there under the law;
and when Congress gives them the right and
power to establish a sovereign State, then, as cit-
izens of the State, they become sovereigns just
so far as citizens of an independent State are
sovereigns, being permitted and having the right
then to do what a sovereign State may do, but
having no right to contravene the power of Con-
gress in the General Government under the Con-
stitution.
Thus much, Mr. President, for the law. I now
come to more general considerations which are,
going to govern me in regard to the vote 1 may
give. I said a short time ago—I said it deliber-
ately, I said it upon mature conviction, I said it
I under the full knowledge of what I did say, as
\ something which I mean to stand by without com-
| mitting anybody else—that I do object to Kansas
i coming into the Union as a slave State. I object
; to slavery going into that Territory now, bence-
| forth, and forever, unless the sovereign people,
| after it is made a State, in virtue of their sover-
| eign power, choose to carry it there; and I had
I almost said that I then would have objection to
| it, because that State was a part of the territory
j covered by the old Missouri compromise. You
forced that compromise, Mr. President. The
I people of the North did not want to take it; they
| did not want slavery to go into Missouri; they
i wanted that to be free territory; but at the time
i she was about to be admitted as a slave State, you
; putin a provision that all the rest of that terri-
tory should be free. Why have you not kept it?
1 Why has not that compact, if you call it a eom-
! pact, been kept? Why this agitation growingout
_1 o,.„) Tin vrn
■ of the question to force slavery in there? Do you
1 tell me that that compromise was unconstitutional?
I Suppose it was: I ask whether, when you made
that provision and agreed fairly to it at that time
it now becomes you, if you can do it bythe form
of law, to wrest that territory from freemen ?
That is the point I make. I want to know why
there has not been honor enough in the people of
the other side to maintain that pledge, even if they
were not obliged to do so, when they forced that
division of the Territory, and said slavery should
not go to Kansas ? I want to know why the other
side are not willing now that that should be a free
StiUe ' , , - , T '11
Mr. President, it cannot be denied—I will not
undertake to deny it—that on this side is a con-
test for freedom, and on that side is a contest for
slavery. That is the great contest between us.
like to meet this matter plainly. I have no con-
cealments; nothing to deny. It is the great cause
of free labor against slave labor; and it is the cause
of free labor in that Territory or State against
slave labor. I do not come here without a reason.
I think I have a reason, coming here as a Sena-
tor, exercising a sound discretion,looking for the
welfare of the old Slates, why slavery should not
go into Kansas; because if slaves go there, they
get an undue representation. By the Constitu-
tion, in a slave IStatcyou add a certain portion of
the slaves to make up your representation, five
slaves arc equal to three white men for that pur-
pose. If slavery goes into Kansas, you will reckon
the slaves m the representation; and if you got
enough there to elect a Representative, do you not
get one vote in the other House, over and aooye
the other freo States, which rightfully you should
not have? Hence I object to cxtcnumg that riglit
of representation. I know that that provision was
i put in the Constitution by way of compromise. 1
: agree with what the gentleman from \ iigimasoid
j on that point. Here were thirtren old States*,
i Thcv conic together Tor the purpose or Union.
! Some of them had slavery, and some had not;
i and they agreed, under that Constitution, and foi
I all time, that the slave States should have repre-
' sentation so and so; but I do not understand that
i that binds us to make all the States slave States,
! or to let slaveiy go into the free States, or to let
j States come into this Union with slavery,and thus
' give them an undue representation over the nee
i States. I object to it on that account,
j Mr. President, I objectto it for another reason.
! I am Had now to see the honorable Senator irom
