nao
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
reference, and resolutions to which no objection
would be made* commencing with the State of
Virginia.
CHANGES IN DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. FAULKNER offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealingsomuch
of the act approved March 3, 1849, as transferred from the
Secretary of War to the Secretary of the Interior the su-
pervisory and appellate powers then exercised by the War
Department in relation to the acts of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; and of reporting a bill to restore to the War
Department its former supervision and control of Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, one of their clerks, informing the House
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 137) for
the relief of the heirs-at-law of the late Abigail
Nason, sisterand devisee of John Lord,deceased;
also, an act (S. No. 58) to authorize and direct a
settlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins, James
Witherell, and Solomon Sibley; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WINSLOW introduced a joint resolution
as to the distribution of certain documents; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Library.
SURPLUS IN THE TREASURY, ETC.
Mr. GILMER introduced a bill to prevent the
accumulation of unnecessary surpluses in the
Treasury, and to equalize the grants of lands to
the several States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the Chair whether, under the resolution, bills
can come in as a matter of course ?
The SPEAKER. They are entitled to be in-
troduced, as a matter of course, where notice has
been previously given.
Mr. GILMER. Notice has been given ever
since the 9th of February.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand that the gentleman can introduce, as a mat-
ter of course,, a bill of which previous notice has
been given. He merely gives notice, under the
rule, that he will ask leave to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right in that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And if there be
objection, it requires a vote of the House to give
that leave.
The SPEAKER. But a majority of the House
can give it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly, sir.
That I supposed. I am opposed to this bill in
any shape in which it can come up here.
Mr. GILMER. I merely want it referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With all due re-
spect to the gentleman, I do not want it referred
anywhere. '
Mr. BILLING HURST. Has not the gentle-
man a right to introduce his bill under the resolu-
tion that was adopted ■
Mr. GROW. Under the phraseology of the
resolution, do we not suspend this rule?
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do notseewhy
objection does not apply to bills as well as to reso-
lutions.
Mr. GROW. According to the phraseology of
the resolution, the rule is suspended. It specifies
expressly that bills, of which previous notice has
been given, may be introduced for reference only.
The ^SPEAKER. The Chairis of opinion that
the adoption of the resolution supersedes the ne-
cessity of propounding the question to the House,
" Will the House allow the bill to be introduced?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be rejected.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House pre-
vents that motion being made, because it provides
that bills shall be introduced for reference only.
Mr. GILMER. I only ask to have the bill
referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can entertain no
motion in reference to a biilvpresented, ^xcept, a
motion to refer; and that without debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was the vote
adopting the resolution reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GILMER asked leave to introduce a bill
for the admission of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Has previous notice
been given of that bill ?
Mr. GILMER. It has not; but I desire to in-
troduce it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object.
Mr. GILMER. I desire, then, to give notice
that I shall introduce the bill when it is in order.
PRINTING OF COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. MILES asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That seven thousand copies of the Coast Sur-
vey report be printed for the use of the House, and for dis-
tribution by the Coast Survey office.
Mr.- JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
PRINTING OF THE PA^pNT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. MILES asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, of the mechanical por-
tion of the Fatent Office report for the year 1857, sixty thou-
sand copies.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
AMIN BEY.
Mr. BOYCE asked leave to introduce "the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State he requested to
furnish this House, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, with copies of ali credentials or oilier evidences on
file m his Department showing the official character of Amin
Bey who visited tins country as the representative of his
Imperial Majesty the Grand Sultan of Turkey; also, copies
of all correspondence touching the official character of the
said Amin Liey, cither with the Turkish Government or oth-
ers ; also, a statement of thy amount of money appropri-
ated, and copies of the papers upon which said appropriation
was based; h(*v much ofsaid appropriation was expended,
and why any portion of it was withheld.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
FORT RIDGELY AND SOUTH PASS ROADS.
Mr. KEITT. At the request of the Delegate
from Minnesota, [Mr. Kingsbury,] I introduce a
bill making an appropriation for the completion of
the Fort Ridgeiy and South Pass wagon road.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. KEITT. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope not. I move to re-
fer it to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. GROW. This is in continuation of an
appropriation originally made through the Com-
mittee on Territories. The Secretary of the In-
terior has regularly estimated for it, and the esti-
mates, I suppose, are before the Committee of
Ways and Means. I would suggest that for the
purpose of facilitating business ithad better go to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COVODE. I understand that this appro-
priation is needed immediately for military pur-
poses. I move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the Delegate from
Minnesota what reference he wishes the bill to
take ?
Mr. KINGSBURY. I would prefer the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs rather than the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
GOVERNMENT BARRACKS 'AT SAVANNAH.
Mr. SEWARD presented a bill for the transfer
and cession of the Government barracks at Savan-
nah, Georgia, to the city of Savannah.
Mr. LETCHER. Has previous notice been
given of that bill ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I beg leave to re-
port a bill from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WRIGrHT, of Georgia, introduced a bill
giving to citizens above the age of twenty-one
years, male and female, who will settle on the
same and make certain improvements thereon, a
square tract of one hundred and sixty acres of the
public land, free from any incumbrances, past,
present, and future; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
ROME POST OFFICE.
Mr. WRIGHT, of^Georgia, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be, and is hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of building a post office at the city .of Rome,
Georgia, or making an appropriation to repair the damages
lately done by tire.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. When North
Carolina was called, I was absent from the Hall.
I therefore ask unanimous consent to introduce a
resolution.
Mr.MORGAN. Iobject. Whenwegetthrough
the call the gentleman can then offer his resolu-
tion.
SOLDIERS OF THE CREEK WAR.
Mr. DOWDELL offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Puhiie Lands be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of so amending the act
entitled "An act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officersand soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States," approved
March 3,1855, and the act amendatory, being approved the
14th day of May, 1856, as to extend the benefits and pro-
visions of said actti to embrace the volunteers and militia
in the State of Alabama, who have rendered fourteen days'
actual service in the Creek Indian war of 1836, whether
such persons served with the armed forces, or were regu-
larly mustered into the service of, or paid by, the United
States or not, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. KELSEY objected.
EUFAULA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. SHORTER introduced a bill to constitute
the city of Eufaula, in the State of Alabama, a
port of delivery; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. &TJITMAN submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That House bill No. 313, to provide for the or-
ganization of a regiment of mounted volunteers, and to
authorize the President to call into the service of the United
States four additional regiments of volunteers, be made
the special order of the day for to-morrow, and each suc-
ceeding day for three days, or until the same he disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not object, provided the
resolution says that it shall not interfere with the
present order.
Mr. KELSEY. Iobject.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. EUSTIS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed of the mechanical portion
of the Patent Office report for the year 1857, sixty thousand
copies.
Mr. STANTON objected.
COAST SURVEY" REPORT.
Mr. EUSTIS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That seven thousand copies of the Coast Sur-
vey report be printed for the use of this House, and for dis-
tribution by the Coast Survey office.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. SANDIDGrE submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be authorized to employ a clerk at the usual rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. SEWARD objected.
DISTRIBUTION OF SEEDS.
Mr. BLISS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so changing the
mode of distributing seeds from the Patent Office as to send
them to the several State agricultural societies, or to other-
wise so distribute them as to relieve members of Congress
from the duty of distributing the same; and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. Allow me to make a sug-
