94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I should be very glad if you
would.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. BROWN and Mr. GREEN called for the
yeasaiid nays; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Claik, Dixon, Doo-
Jiitle, Fe^enden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, King,
Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Iverson, Johnson
of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
Joiy, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Shdtfll, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, and Wiight—24.
A pause ensued, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire not having finished his repast.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there seems to be
nothing going on, I move to lay the whole bill
and amendments on the tabic.
Mr. PUGH. Permit irie one moment. I de-
sire to know whether the Senator from New
Hampshire yields the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) There is nobody 011 the floor.
Mi. PUGH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has not concluded his remarks. If he does
not yield the Door, I objcct to the motion of the
Senator from Illinois, and I sav it was out of
order.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is ont of order,
and I submit that the motion and debate is out of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire suspended his remarks
some time ago. The Chair thought he had fin-
ished his remarks, and entertained the motion cf
the Senator from Illinois, and will put it to the
Senate. The question is on the motion to lay
thr bill and amendments on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notdesiro to press the
motion. I will wnhdraw it.
Mr. PUGII. Will the Senator from New Hamp-
shire give me the floor a moment ?
MrCLARK. I yield.
Mr. PUGII. I am extremely disinclined to
press the Senator to a conclusion of his argument
to-night. I have felt that he has not had the treat-
ment at our hands that Senators newly coming
amongst us 1 eceivc.
Mr, GREEN. A motion to adjourn i3 not in
order.
Mr. PUGH. I have not made any motion.
Mr. GREEN. What is your proposition?
Mr, PUGH. I was going to suggest that a gen-
eral agreement be made upon the floor of the Sen-
ate, by Senators on each side, to name some early
day when the vote can be taken, which would be
nuir.h more agreeable than to go 011 now during
the night.
Mr. GREEN. Everything of that sort has
been iefu<:ed.
Mr. PUG I T. I wns told by some Senators on
this side that they would agree to take the vote on
Monday.
Mr. GREEN. We will not agree to it. The
friends of the bill Vv'ill not agree to it. We will
agree to any day this week, if it be made final;
but to no other day.
Mr. PUGH. There would not be muchdiflfer-
oiKe be tween taking the vote on Saturday and
Monday. I wag m hopes that some agreement of
the sort mi^ht be made.
Mr BRODERICK. I move that there be a call
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware of any such motion ever being enter-
tamed or heard of 111 the Senate. lie does not
know of any rule on the subject, except in the
absence of a quorum.
Several Senators. It can only be done when
th^re is loss than a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A call of the
Senate .can be entertained only under the 8th rule,
which says that no member shall absent himself
from the service of the Senate without leave of
the Senate first obtained. There is no other rule
under which a call of the Senate can be enter-
tained.
Mr. BRODERICK. According to the last vote
thcfc were very few more than a quorum present :
and I find that several Senators have absented j
themselves since that time. My object is to as- I
certain whether there is a quorum of Senators on
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is disposed to concede this matter to older Sena-
tors. His understanding is, that unless some vote
shows that there is not a quorum present, such a
motion would be out of order.
Mr. BRODERICK. Is it in order to move an
adjournment?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; the Senate has just
refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No business
has intervened since the vote was taken on an
adjournment.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Ohio
addressed the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the Sena-
tor from Ohio made no proposition to the Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. CAMERON. I would ask whether it is
right to press us in this way. It does seem
strange to me that gentlemen should refuse to ap-
point a reasonable time fixing the termination of
the debate. They have had it all their own way
for a long while. They have made their speeches,
voted for adjournments, controlled the Senate,
and now on the last day desire to gag gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber. Jsthatfair? Is that
the way honorable gentlemen expect to be dealt
with ? The gentlemen on this side said that they
thought they could get the vote by next Monday;
why not agree to it?
Mr. GREEN. I will answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 do not yield yet, for a mo-
ment. There are a number of gentlemen desirous
to make speeches. I had some slight intention
myself to make a speech; but I will not do so
now, as I have agreed to pair oft* with a gentleman
who has been called away from the Senate by a
misfortune in his family—an act of God, over
which he could have no control—the severe ill-
ness of his son, nearly arrived at manhood. I
received a letter from him this evening, stating
that he would not be back for a day or two, and
for that reason I cannot act in this matter. Other
gentlemen aie similarly situated. I think great
courtesy has been extended on this side. When-
ever gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
desired to be away, some of us agreed to pair off
with them; but if we were to go on pairing off,
you could control us to the end of time. On the
other hand, if we thought proper to come here
and depend upon our muscle, we could stand it
as well, and perhaps better, and as long as they
could; and longer, because they have sick mem-
bers and ours are all well. I ask Senators, is U
fair, under these circumstances, at this time of
night, that the Senator from New Hampshire, who
is unable to proceed with his speech, should be
compelled to go on 5 This is not the sort of cour-
tesy that used to prevail here in past times. I do
not want to be a Senator here, if we are to be
gagged as members are in the other House, and
in the Legislatures of our States. I thought that
all men aspired to be here because there was a
degree of kindness, libera lity, and generosity pre-
vailing here, which could £>e found in no other
body under heaven. I do not want to come here
if it is to be changed from that rule. If I had the
majority, I would give the other side time to go
on m this matter.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to respond to the
Senator from Pennsylvania. He first says his
friends on that side of the Chamber were willing
to take the final vote on Monday. I answer, that
his friends on that side of the Chamber told me, not
five minutes ago, that they were not authorized
to make an agreement for Saturday, or any other
day, without consulting their friends, and they
refused. The Senator from Pennsylvania, then,
is in conflict with the assurance given by Sena-
tors on that side of the Chamber.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator suffer me
to interrupt lum for a moment?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand the gentlemen
on the otherside have had a caucus, and determ-
ined on their proceedings.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. CAMERON. We have had no intimation
of anything of the sort. To-morrow morning we
can meet and decide on our course, and then, if
we do not agree to meet them on some day, we
cannot complain of the course of debate; but we
should have an opportunity to confer.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Missouri give way to mc for a moment?
Mr. GREEN. I cannot until I answer this.
After I have done so, I shall be willing to have any
interrogatory propounded to me. The first state-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania was, that
they were willing to take the final vote on next
Monday. It now turns out that he was not author-
ized, as they assured me, to make any agreement
without a caucus consultation; and what have we
to hope for or expect? We have been trifled with,
and the time of the Senate has been whiled away
day after day. When this bill had been made
the special order, when we had taken it up for
consideration on Thursday, contrary to the wish
of the side which I represent, all on the other side
united to postpone the subject and to adjourn from
Thursday to Monday, throwing away Friday and
Saturday. Two or three Senators on that side
having had the floor, and after having spoken from
one to two hours, gave way for such motions.
They have not been treated with discourtesy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
I am very desirous of getting on with the public
business. I make the question of order that this
discussion has nothing to do with the debate on
the bill under consideration. I want that to go on.
Mr. GREEN. I know it is out of*order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I felt compelled to say some-
thing in response to the Senator from rennsyl-
vania.
Mr. BRODERICK. If a motion for adjourn-
ment is in order, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Several Senators. We can vote it down with-
out the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRODERICK. I call for the yeas and
nays, if the Senator from Mississippi does nofc
call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Claik, Dixon, Doo-
httle, Fc«senden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, King,
Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messis. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Iverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
lory, Mason, Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New
Jeisey, Toombs, and Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. When this interregnum oc-
curred, I was about to make some remarks upon
a matter which is not, I think, usually touched
upon in the Senate of the United States. I would
not do it, were it not for some remarks which fell
from the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
on Friday last, and also some remarks which fell
from the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy.] I stand here to rebuke no one, to censure
no one, to find fault with no one, but it did seem
to me that some remarks that were made a few
days since by those gentlemen were extraordi-
nary. They were such remarks as, with all due
deference and kindness to these Senators, I was
sorry to hear. I do not know but that I might
say, in charity, that I do not think the Senator
from Virginia and the Senator from Maryland
would have made them, if they had bestowed
upon them a little more consideration. I certainly
was pained to hear them. I stand here to avow it,
however unusual it may be in the Senate of the
United States, I stand here proud to say—no, sir,
not proud, I do not feel proud—I stand here ac-
knowledging the " higher law" as the true rule
for the guide of men in their human affairs. I did
not like to sit here in my seat, and hear the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and the Senator from Mary-
land, say they were opposed to the principles of
the higher law. Now let them tell me what they
mean by the higher law? If they mean the law
of the God who governs us, then I am sorry to
hear, in the United States Senate, any man say he
is opposed to the principles of that law. I do not
