46
THE CONGRE8&OKAL GLOBE.
December 16,
assouthem Senators and members inconsequence
of the non-submission of the slavery question.
By an examination of the schedule, framed by
the Kansas convention, it will be seen that the
constitution itself is not submitted. The Senator
is mistaken when he says that the constitution
is submitted, and that the people are required to
vote for it. He says the constitution receives
its vitality and takes effect from its ratification.
The Senator is entirely mistaken. It never does
take effect until Kansas shall be admitted into
tlie Union by Congress. " But," says the Sen-
ator, "the schedule says the constitution is to
be submitted to the people." Yes. For what
purpose? For ratification. What is the mean-
ing of " to ratify ?" It is to settle, to fix. There
is a part of the constitution not settled, not fixed,
and that must be ratified. That question is to be
passed upon by the people, when they say at the
polls whether they will retain a provision sanc-
tioning African slavery, or will strike it out.
They are to settle, fix, ratify that unsettled, un-
fixed, unratified part. That is all the article
providesior. "We are not to take a mere expres-
sion, but must take the purport of the whole ar-
ticle. If a logician, or a judge, or a statesman,
undertakes to construe the meaning of that article,
he takes the whole of it together, and so taking
it, what does he find ? That nothing is to be
ratified, fixed, settled; but the unratified, unfixed,
unsettled part, which is whether slavery shall be
retained in the constitution or not There is to
be no decision on any part of the constitution,
except that which relates to slavery.
The Senator from Illinois, however, seems to
think that each voter must first vote for the con-
stitution, before he can vote for or against sla-
very. That is another mistake. The voter does
not vote for or against the constitution. He sim-
ply votes a ballot which is to be counted for or
against slavery. If he votes the ballot contain-
ing the words " constitution with slavery," it is
to be counted in favor of slavery; but if he votes
" constitution with no slavery, it is to be counted
in favor of striking out the article in the consti-
tution providing for slavery. The only question
submitted is, Will you, or will you not, have in
the constitution of Kansas a clause sanctioning
slavery? Is the writing of the word " constitu-
tion" on the ballot to be construed as making the
voter vote for the constitution ? Then I can show
that, if a man in Louisiana voted on the adoption
of their new constitution, he was involved in this
seeming contradiction. The constitution of Lou-
isiana was submitted to the people, under a sched-
ule which required, " each ballot shall be indorsed
'the constitution accepted,'or ' the constitution
rejected.' " There would be just about as much
plausibility in saying that a voter in Louisiana
was compelled to vote first for the constitution
and then for its rejection, or first for the consti-
tution and then for its acceptance, as in saying
hero that a man in Kansas is to vote first for the
constitution and then for or against slavery. The
question submitted in Louisiana was the accept-
ance or rejection of the constitution. The ques-
tion submitted in Kansas is the insertion or strik-
ing out of an article sanctioning slavery. That
is the sole question to be decided.
The opposition party in Kansas—I do not know
what title they assume to themselves—deny that
the constitution is submitted, and the Senator
makes an issue with them. Those who live on
the ground, who know what has been done, say
that the whole constitution is not submitted. I
say there was no more necessity for its submis-
sion than there was for the submission of the con-
stitution of Illinois. The people of Kansas acted
through their representatives. Those represent-
atives had power cither to adopt a constitution
finally, or simply to make a proposition, and
submit it for the consideration of the people.
There is nothing novo! in the positions which
I have stated. They are in conformity with the
past action of the Government. I have before mo
statements showing what States have been ad-
mitted with ail enabling act, and those admitted
without any such act having been previously
passed.
The following States were authorized to form
constitutions by acts of Congress previous to their
admission: Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, Missis-
sippi, Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, and Wiscon-
sin. The States for which no enabling act was
previously passed, authorizing the formation of
a constitution, were Vermont, Tennessee, Maine,
Arkansas, Michigan, Florida, Texas, and Iowa.
I have also a list of all the new States admitted
since the Federal Constitution went inte oper-
ation in 1789, showing what States were organ-
ized without the previous authority of Congress,
and what States submitted their constitutions to
a vote of the people, after being framed by their
conventions. This throws important light on the
past history of the Government, and that past
history is in strict accordance with the views I
have advanced.
For Vermont, the constitution was formed by
a convention, in July, 1777. It was revised by a
convention December 25,1777, without authority
of Congress. " The constitution was not ratified
by thepeople." I quote from Thompson's " Ver-
mont," part 2, page 105. The application for
admission, was made February 9, 1791, and the
State was admitted March 4,1791, as I find from
the Statutes at Large, vol. 1, page 191.
Kentucky applied for admission through the
delegates of a convention, December 9, 1790; her
constitution was not then formed. My authority
is the appendix to the House Journal, vol. 1,
pages 411-12. She was admitted June 1, 1792;
her constitution was laid before Congress, Novem-
ber 7, 1792, as I learn from the House Journal,
vol. 1, page 614. There is no evidence that the
constitution was submitted to a vote of the peo-
ple.
For Tennessee, the constitution was formed by
a convention without authority of Congress, Feb-
ruary G, 1796, as I learn from American State
Papers," miscellaneous," vol.1,pagesl46-7. She
applied for admission, April 8, 1796, as is shown
by Senate Journal, April 11, and House Journal
April 8, 1796. She was admitted June 1, 1796.
The constitution was not submitted to the people,
but it was forwarded to the Secretary of State, as
I learn from the annals of Tennessee, pages 656-7,
and the history of Tennessee, page 471.
For Ohio, the constitution was formed by a con-
vention, under authority of Congress, November
29, 1802, as is shown by the Statutes- at Large,
vol. 2, pages 173, 201. She applied for admis-
sion January 7, 1803, as is shown by Senate
Journal, vol. 3, page 251. She was admitted
February 19, 1803, as I find in the Statutes at
Large, vol. 2, page 201. The constitution was
not submitted to the people, as I learn from
Howe's Historical Collections of Ohio, page 16.
In Louisiana, the constitution was formed by
a convention January 22, 1812, under authority
of Congress of the date of February 10, 1811.
I refer to the Statutes at Large, vol. 2, page 641.
She was admitted April 8, 1812, and there is no
evidence that the constitution was submitted to
a vote of the people.
The constitution of Indiana was formed by a
convention June 29, 1816, under authority of
Congress as I find in the Statutes at Large, vol.
3, page 289. She was admitted December 11,
1816. I quote from the Statutes at Large, vol.
3, page 399. Her constitution was submitted to
Congress June 10, 1817,, as is shown by the
House Journal, second session, Twenty-Fourth
Congress, page 180. There is no evidence that
the constitution was submitted to a vote of the
people.
The constitution of Mississippi was formed by
a convention August 15, 1817—1 again refer to
the Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page 472—under
authority of Congress. (Statutes, vol. 3, page
348.) Her constitution was submitted to Con-
gress December 4, 1817. She was admitted De-
cember 10, 1817, (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page
472,) and there is no evidence that the constitu-
tion was submitted to a vote of the people.
The Constitution of Illinois was formed by a
convention August 26, 1818, under authority of
Congress—(see Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page
423;) submitted to the House of Representatives
November 7, 1818, and admitted December 3,
1818. (Statutes, vol. 3, page 536.) There is no
evidence that the constitution was submitted to
a vote of the people.
The constitution of Alabama was formed by
a convention, August 2,1819, under authority of
Congress, (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page 489;)
her constitution was submitted to the House of
Representatives, December 6,1819; and she was
admitted, December 14,1819, (Statutes at Large,
vol. 3, page 608.) There is no evidence that the
constitution was submitted to the people.
The constitution of Maine was formed by a con-
vention without authority of Congress, October
29,1819. Her constitution was submitted to Con-
gress, December 8,1819, (see House Journal, first
session Sixteenth Gongress, pages 18-60,) and
she was admitted, March 15, 1820. The consti-
tution was submitted to a vote of the people, as
I learn from Williamson's History of Maine,
vol. 2, page 674.
The constitution of Missouri was formed by a
convention, 19th July, 1820, under authority of'
Congress, (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page 545.)
Her constitution was submitted November 16,
1820. One of my authorities is Mr. Lowndes's
report, November 23, J820, (American State Pa-
pers, " Miscellaneous," vol. 2, page 625.) The
joint resolution admitting the State on a "certain
condition," was approved March 2, 1821. The
condition was accepted, and the State admitted
by proclamation of the President, of August 10,
1821. There is no evidence that the constitution
was submitted to a vote of the people.
The constitution of Michigan was formed by a
convention under the authority of the ordinance
of 1787, and without the authority of Congress.
It was submitted to and ratified by the people,
(see Lammon's History of Michigan, pages 241-
243; also, Senate Documents 5 and 211,Twenty-
Fourth Congress, first session, and Reports of
Committees of House of Representatives, first
session Twenty-Fourth Congress, 380. She was
admitted on the condition that she should amend
her constitution so as to ehange her boundary,
(Statutes at Large, vol. 5, page 49.)
The constitution of Arkansas was formed by
a convention without authority of Congress, I
referto House Documents,Twenty-Fourth Con-
gress, first session, No. 164; Niles'sRegister, vol.
49, page 243, for Attorney General's opinion; and
for debates, to "Congressional Debates," vol. 12,
parts 1 and 2. She was admitted with a consti-
tution, by joint resolution, June 15, 1836. The
constitution was not submitted to the people.
The constitution of Florida was formed by a
convention without authority of Congress, and
submitted to the people. (See House Doc. 208,
Twenty-Fifth Congress, third session, and Stat-
utes at Large, vol. 5, page 742.) She was admit-
ted with a constitution, March 3, 1845.
The constitution of Wisconsin was formed by
a convention under authority of Congress. (Stat-
utes, vol. 9, page 56; and House Doc. 49, Twenty-
Ninth Congress, second session.) She was ad-
mitted on certain conditions. (Statutes, vol. 9,
page 178.) The constitution had not been sub-
mitted to the people previous to her application
with a constitution. For debates see Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, Twenty-Ninth Con-
gress, first and second sessions.
The constitution of Iowa was formed by a con-
vention on the 18th May, 1846, without authority
of Congress, and was submitted to the people.
(See House Doc. 16, Twenty-Ninth Congress,
second session, page 17.) She was admitted with
her constitution, March 3, 1845.
The constitution of California was formed by
a convention without authority of Congress, and
it was submitted to and ratified by the people.
(See Senate Mis. Doc. 68, page 14, Thirty-First
Congress, first session.) She was admitted Sep-
tember 9, 1850.
I have thus, as briefly as I could, undertaken
to show, first, that Kansas is, under the Louis-
iana treaty, under the law of Congress, under the
Kansas-Nebraska act, under the special pledge of
the Democratic party in the Cincinnati convention
entitled to admission, having now a republican
form of government; second, that the convention
was legally and fairly called, sanctioned by the
Federal authorities, acting in conformity with the
territorial government, not in conflict, not in
antagonism, not in opposition. Third, I have
shown that the presumption is that the conven-
tion fairly and truly represented the people and
reflected their will. On this point we have heard
of broken pledges and violated promises. Wc
have heard of vows that have not been fulfilled,
but we have no evidence on the subject.
I heard the Senator from Illinois also make re-
marks here touching what would be the final re-
sult of the submission of the slave question; that
lie had no doubt " returns" would coma in, inti-
