1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MB-
Mr. FITCH. I propose to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they can report a
joint resolution.
Mr. STUART. I suggest that the Senator put
. his proposition in the shape of a resolution of
inquiry. A resolution in this form, sent to the
committee, I think would be valueless.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to putting
it in that form, and probably it would be the bet-
ter course. It anticipates a joint resolution of a
somewhat similar character from the Committee
on the Judiciary. Perhaps it had better be so
shaped as to make it a resolution of inquiry as
to the propriety of such a measure.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of defraying the expenses of holding the
United States courts in the Territory of Utah, during the
continuance of the present disturbances therein, under the
limitations contained in existing laws in respect to fees, out
of the judiciary fund: Provided, That upoh the restoration
of peace in said Territory, the expenses of said courts, while
exercising jurisdiction under the territorial laws, shall be
chargeable to the Territory, or to the proper counties
therein, as in other Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate,a statement showing the action of the
Department in relation to the appropriation of five
years' pay to the officers of the Navy in the late
Republic of Texas; which, on motion of Mr.
Houston, was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented a paper relating to
the claim of Robert Hill to a certain tract of land
in the Territory of Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Public J,ands.
BARK ATTICA.
Mr. HAMLIN. If there be no farther morning
business, I ask the Senate to, take up a bill which
Was reported by the Committee on Claims, for the
relief of the owners of the bark Attica, of Port-
land, Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
167) for the relief of the owners of the bark At-
tica, of Portland, Maine, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the owners of the bark*Attica the sum of $174 62,
being the amount imposed on that vessel as ton-
nage duty by the collector of New York in the
year 1855.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in this case ?
Mr. HAMLIN. A letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury accompanies the bill, which con-
tains all the facts.
Mr. KING. I ask that it maybe read, that we
may have some explanation or knowledge of the
facts.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state to the Senator from
New York the facts. The law provides a penalty
in case the master of a vessel shall discharge his
crew in a foreign country. In this case, the mas-
ter sailed to Cuba or one of the other West India
islands. The crew were in a mutinous condition.
The American consul advised, under the state
of things existing, that the crew should be dis-
charged; and he so wrote to the Secretary of the
Treasury. The master came home. He could
not procure an American crew, as was required
by law, and hence tonnage duties were imposed
on him, not for any act of his, but from the state
of facts arising from the mutinous condition of his
crew. He came to New York; the matter was laid
before the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury suggests that he has not
the power, but that the money ought to be repaid
to the person, as a case which was never contem-
plated by the spirit of the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Senator
desire the reading of the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury r
Several Senators. Oh no.
The bill was reported to the Senate, offered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read "the third
time, and passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made a motion yesterday
that the Senate, hereafter, should meet at the hour
of eleven o'clock. I wish to call up that resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia on1
taking up the following resolution:
Resolved., That after to-day the Senate will meet at eleven
o'clock, and sit until five, p. m., and then take a recess of
two hours, until the bill now before the Senate is disposed
of.
Mr HOUSTON. The latter part of that reso-
lution is an amendment offered by some Senator,
I presume. It is no part of my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this subject had
better be laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not desire, then,that that part shall remain in the
resolution ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I leave that to the
Senate to determine.
Mr. BIGLER. With the permission of the
Senator from Texas, I desire to state to him—and
I make the statement with a great deal of pleas-
ure—that I have learned this morning that an un-
derstanding has been, or is about to be, effected,
by which the final vote on the Kansas question
will be taken on Monday next. In that arrange-
ment, the hours of the sessions, I understand, are
also to be arranged; and I suggest to the Senator
from Texas that he permit his resolution to lie
over for the present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it lie over for
the present *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be laid aside informally.
JAMES BAWDEN.
Mr. BIGLER. I now move, unless there be
other morning business, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the admission
of Kansas as a State.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to interfere
with that matter; but there is a small bill here
which will not, I suppose, occupy more than five
minutes. It is important to a constituent of mine.
It is a bill for the relief of James Bawden, re-
ported by me some days since from the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds.
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw my motion, for the
purpose of allowing the Senator from Michigan
to take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
194) for the relief of James Bawden was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
Mr. STUART. I can, perhaps, state the case
to the Senator sooner than the report can be read.
There was a large reservation at Eagle harbor,
on Lake Superior, made by the Government, in
the first place for a light-house, which covered a
large number of acres. It has finally been reduced
down to ten acres. It covered a preemption that
embraced large improvements at the place. The
bill proposes to still retain some four acres for the
purpose of a light-house, and a highway from the
land to the light-house, and to give the original
occupant of the ground the right to enter the bal-
ance, some six and a quarter acres. He has a
wharf upon it. That matter has been referred
to the Treasury Department and the Light-House
Board, and the Treasury Department concur in
the propriety of the thing being done.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
KANSAS LEOOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. HALE. With the leave of the Senate, I
desire to throw myself on their indulgence for a
moment, to state a matter which may facilitate the
business of the Senate, if Senators will be kind
enough to give me their ear for a mpment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks unanimous consent to make
a statement. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HALE. Those friends with whom I act
on this floor have had a consultation this morning
for the purpose of avoiding such a scene as we
had last night, and we have arrived at a conclu-
sion which I have submitted to as many of the
gentlemen on the other side as I could find, though
I regret to see that the member of the Committee
on Territories who has charge of the Kansas bill
is not in his seat, I have reduced it to writing,
so that there may be no caviling about it here-
after. We agree that the debate shall end, and
the question be taken on Monday-next; but if it
shall appear to be necessary in the courseof de-
bate that the daily session be protracted beyond
the usual hour in order to effect this, it may be ,
done at such hour as we shall indicate on this
side; that is, if we are not able, within the usual
hours of session, to get in such speeches as we
bona jide wish to put in, there may be an evening 1
sitting, either by protraction of the session, or a
recess, as may be agreed on. Every-gentleman
on the other side, to whom I have shown this
proposition, has assented to it, and I have no
doubt it will be carried out in good faith.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to say on behalf of the
Senators on this side of the Chamber, that so far
as I have been able to ascertain their views there
is a common acquiescence in the proposition.
The understanding will be, therefore, that on
Monday next we shall vote on this question fairly.
' Mr. CLAY. I would, suggest that some hour
had better be designated; because it is known that
there are several gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber who are sick, who wish to vote, but can-
not come here during the night. They will come
here in the day.
Mr. HALE. I appreciate that suggestion, but
I would suggest to the Senator that it is neces-
sary to xepose some confidence. We found it
impracticable to go into every detail to be submit-
ted. I will tell him there is an earnest and sin-
cere purpose to carry out this arrangement in good
faith, and it will be so carried out that the time.
will be fairly divided between the two sides.
Mr. GREEN. What is the proposition?
Mr. BIGLER. Let it be understood.
Mr. HALE. When I made the suggestion, I
said I was sorry not to see the Senator from Mis-
souri in his seat. We agree that the question
shall be taken on Monday next; but if it shall
appear to be necessary, in the course of debate,
that the daily session bft protracted beyond the
usual hour in order to effect this, it may be done
at such an hour as we shall indicate.
Mr. GREEN. But no vote to be taken at night.
Mr. HALE. No vote to be taken until Mon-
day. In answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Alabama, I will say that while we were de-
sirous to make this agreement explicitand plain,
we found it impracticable to put every detail in
writing.
Mr. CLAY. Certainly. AH I wish to have
understood on both sides is that the vote will be
taken at an hour in the day when those who are
invalids may safely come here.
Mr. HALE. Of course.
Mr. CLAY. Say before sundown, or some-
time during the day; four o'clock,for example.
Mr. SLIDELL and others. That will do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say to gentle-
men, on the other side, that the difficulty about
fixing an hour was this: we supposed the debate
might possibly close—we could not tell how long
it would be—on Saturday, and that on Monday
a portion of the day might be devoted to the sev-
eral amendments proposed, in order to perfect
the bill; and that being'the case, it would be im-
possible to indicate at what exact hour the vote
could be taken. Senators may rely upon it that
there is no disposition, and will be none, on this
side of the Chamber, to protract it into the even-
ing, but to take the vote in time.
Mr. SLIDELL and others. That is enough.
Here the conversation ended-
Mr. GREEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to say a few words with reference
to personal matters between myself and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. GREEN. Something unpleasant occurred
last night. I thought I was right; doubtless he
thought he was right. A mutual friend has in-
formed me that he is prepared to do me justice,
if I will withdraw what he understands as a threat
against him. I do not desire to threaten anyone.
If I did so, I will withdraw it, and wait for any
explanation he may see fit to make.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I regret, as
I always do, that anything should occur in the
Senate, in which I was a participant* that was un-
pleasant to myself or anybody here. We were
last night engaged in a protracted session, and. I
came into the Senate under some wrong impres-
sion, I imagine, in regard to the course of the
