1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2157
as I do in she opinion of my friend from Mary- '
land, that the House owes him an apology, I ;
move that ho be discharged. • .
The motion was agreed to. !
The SPEAIvER. Mr Campbell, of Ohio. >
Mr. CAMPBELL. Without any summons
from (lie Sergeant-at-Arms, Mr. Speaker, I ap-i
peared here a few minutes since, understanding
that the House was still in session, and that there
was business to he discharged. Am I arraigned ? ■
[The Speaker nodded affirmatively.] I am—and 1
as a member of the House? My position, at :
best, Mr. Speaker, is somewhat equivocal. Your !
Committee of Elections reported, yesterday, I |
believe, that I wos, that I was not, and that no-
body was,a member of this House from the third
congressional drstr ict of Ohio. I remained here
during the whole of the proceedings of to-day, 1
until about a quarter before five o'clock, when I j
thought I ought to have some dinner — not at the '
President's, for I am not oil the congressional roll j
of those who are invited there, and who are will- 1
ing to pny for their dinners. [Laughter.] I re-
tired to my room. Your Serjeant-at-Arms dtd 1
not call on me; but half an hour since—having
paired off, by-the-way, with my friend from Del- ;
aware, [Mr. Whiteley]—i returned and report- ;
ed myself at the door. I have no fears, and no ,
favors to ask. I am willing to discharge any ob- 1
ligation that may be imposed upon me, if I have i
violated the rules of the House. i
Mr WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that!
the gentleman be excused on the payment of fees. |
The motion was agrei d to. ' ,
The SPEAKER. Mr.whiteley, of Delaware.
Mr. WHITELEY. I have no excuse to offer,
Mr. Speaker, other than this: having no colleague
in the House to attend to the business m the De-
partments, I have to do it. I came up to the House
this morning, and found that the only private bill
for my State that has been before Congress for
ten years was objected to; and I left the House in
disgust, [laughter,] and went to attend to my busi-
ness in the Departments. That is the only excuse
I have to offer.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman from Delaware be discharged.
Mr. MORG \N. I move to amend by adding
"on payment of fees."
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was ngreed to.
The SPEAKER Mr. Wood, of Maine.
Mr. WOOD. 1 have no excuse to offjr to the
House. I came here about half past nine o'clock
this morning to artend the special committee on
which { am serving, and remained here till neailv
three o'clock. Not feeling very well, I paired off
with Mr. miclay.and went down to my lodg-
ings to take dinner; and since that time I have
been engaged on business pertaining to my duties
a* a Repi esenrauve. i have no further excuse to
olie:.
Mr. BLISS. 1 move that the gentleman be
discharged on payment of the usual feus.
Tlie morion was agreed to.
Mr. KtJNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. OWEN JONES. I rise to a question of
pm liege.
The SPEAKER. There can be no question
of higher pnvilege than the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The veas and navs were ordered.
Mr. PENDLE TON. I desire to ask to he ex-
cused from the fuither attendance upon thu House
to-night.
The SPEAKER. The pending question must
first be disposed of.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 45; as follows:
Me^-rs All!. And"t^on. Anriiews Arnold. Bil-
Hinsham, Kir--. l5o>ce. Ch.ut.-e. Chapman. Clay.
John CoHn.iut", (,'->cken!l, Co\, C'efi-, iUm- «>i' Iowa.
D.vUl. Uui ,cc. i?,uii-u Oilli. Fci.iOit. Kiotcneu.CJi;]!- Gooelu
Goodwin Gi-in^ei. Gioenuood. Oio."-i,cek. (iron-. Hatch,
Ilrovkni-. Jenkm-, Jewett, G 'nrcre W. Josh--. J.
Glin- v .folic-. K< 1 !<>??. I\n:ipp, -M Killed. 'elm C.
Kunkel, L.v.idv, Lem\, Rumrihiev Mra-dial). -MavnauL Mil-
ler, Msliton. iWooie.-MomlLOmet A. Ohrr, Pontile
ton, Plielp-, Phillip-. Pu'VwnciN ttoy<e, John She mum,
Jud^m \V. ^heiinan, Sui^'^ten, William Smith. Stanton.
Steven<on, Talbot, Geoisio Ta\lor. Pomp-ait", Puppe,
Uudei wood. Walton. Elhhn B. Wn-htmrnc, Nuiel Wash-
burn. W!.ire. Wheeler, Wil.-ou, Window, Woitendjkc,
and Zn!!ieo1f."n —78
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bonham, Bowie, Buffinton, Bur-
lin'iame, Burn«, Campbell. dawson, Clemens Colfax. Co-
vode, Dawe-*, fcu^li.-dr. Foley, Foster, (iarnett, IJimhe^,
Iltivlei, J.vk-on, Owen Jone-i. KeUey, Luir^r, Lovejny.
MartCftOii. .Mile-. Morgan. Uaae N Moms Mon, PaimV,
Pettu, Pike. Potter. Pottle, Robbins, Ruftiti, Sandidge,
Ileriiy M Shaw, Spinner, Jatne- A. Stow.irf, Wdi am
Stewart. Wil,^ Taylor, Wade, Waldion, ami Wood—4.5.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES stated that His colleague, Mr.
Robert R. Hall, had been obliged to leave the
House to-day on account of indisposition, and had
since been confined to his bed.
Mr. CURTIS stated that out of respect for the
officers of the House, many of whom were quite
exhausted, he should vote to adjourn,and hoped
his friends would do the same.
The result of the vote having been announced,
the House (at twenty minutes after eleven o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Ma\j 15, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. Morm;i,l.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a reportof the Court of Claims, made in pur-
suance of law, in favor of the claim of Richard
Fitzpatriek: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
INDIANA CONTESTED ELECTION.
He also laid before the Senate testimony m the
case of the contested election of the Hon. Jcss-e
D. Bright and the Hon. Graham N. Pitch, ns
Senators of the United States from the Siaie of
Indiana; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
| PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
i Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
J gislature of California, in favor of the construc-
tion of a breakwater at San Louis Obispo, in that
| State; which was referred to the Committee on
: Commerce, and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. BR0DER1CK presented a resolution of
i the Legislatuie of California, m favor of a dona-
; tion of land to each of the States and Tuintones
■ of the Union, for the endowment and manite-
I nance of colleges foi insts action in such branches
! of education as pcitain to agriculture, the me-
' chamc arts, and natural history; which was re-
j ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
, ordered to be printed.
I He also presented a certified copy of an act of
the Legislature of California, concerning the city
i of San Francisco, and to ratify and confirm cer-
i tain ordinances of the Common Council of said
city; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
i Mr. SEW ARD presented a manorial of James
Monroe, piaving to be ail"wed arrears of pension;
; which was referred to tl'e Committee on Pensions,
j He also presented a memorial of the president
! and directors of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
; pany, asking for the assent of Congress to the
i act of the Legislature of Alary land, incorporating
: that company in the District of Columbia, and
i authority to ex'end their railroad t brooch George-
: town anti Washington; which was referred to the
Commrtee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND presented a memorial of the
Cnambei of Commeicu of Charleston, praying for
i an ap]">ropi lauon for the lighting, buoying, &e ,
of Maffits channel; which was referred to the
1 Committee on Commence.
Mr. PEARCE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Washington, praying fur a donation of
land, or an appropriation of money, for the per-
manent endowment of the Columbian College in
the District of Columbia; which was refi rred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
: Mr. HARLAN presented papers in favor of
the establishment of a mail ni'.uu fiom Buthng-
tou to F.irmmgton, in the State of Iowa; which
were referred to the Committee on the PostOiHoe
and Post Roads.
.Mi. DOOLITTLE presented the |vtirion of
1 William Merrihew,an ollicer of tlieArmv in tne
1 Mexican war, preying for additional pa v as* sm h;
; which was referred to the Committee on Mihtary
Affans and Militia.
! Mr. POLIt presented a memorial of R H
'1 Miller & Sons, praying that the duties paid by
!i them on certain eai'thenware imported by them,
:: and destroyed by fire in transitu from JNew Or-
; leans to St. Louis, may be refunded; which was
! referred to the Committee on Finance,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial of
! T. P. Sh«ffner, of Kentucky, praying for an
j; amendment of the act of Congress approved
d March 3, 1S57, entitled " An act to expedite tel-
!! egraphic communication for the uses of the Gov-
;! ernment m its foreign intercourse," so that the
[! subsidy granted by that act shall be general in its
application to all Atlantic ocean telegraph lines;
j which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
I diciary; and a motion by him to print it was
i referred to the Committee on Printing
! Mr. RICE presented twelve memorials of the
| Legislature of M innesotn,piaying for the establish-
j mentof the following mail routes: between Shock-
! apee, St. Valentine, Rockford, Monticello, and
! Clearwater, in that State; from the city of Glen-
j coe to Watertown, m said State: from the city of
I Gleneoe to Clearwater:from Minneapolis to Kan-
: dirjoki; from Elliota to Blue Earth: from Minne-
apolis, to Henderson; from St. Peter's to the Sioux
: Agency; from Brownsville to Winona; from Loo-
i neysvilie, in Houston county, via Houston, Yu-
' catan, Dedliam, and Linora, to Eiliota; from Mc-
■ Gregor, in Iowa, to Owatonna,in Minnesota; from
Chatfield to Austin; and from Chatfield to Win-
' nebago City in that State: which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Offices and Post Roads,
j lie also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
1 ture of Minnesota, m favor of an appropriation
■ for the erection of a bridge across Root river, in
township one hundred and four, range eight west,
■ county of Fillmore, m that Stale; which was re-
1 feired to the Committee on the Post Office and
. Post Roads.
'! Ho also piesenled a memorial of the citizens of
'! the county of Pembina, in the Territory of Da-
eotah, praying for the early organization of the
Territory, and for the establishment of the capi-
. tal at St Joseph; which was referred to the Corn-
1 nuttee on Territories.
; He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Alinnesota, praying that an appropriation
' maybe made for the improvement of the St. Croix
river; which was referred to the Committee on
; Commerce.
| He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, playing that an appropriation
; may be made for the improvement of the Missis-
' sippi river, from the mouth of the Minnesota
nver to Sauk rapids; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
| He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying that an appropriation
may be made for the removal of the Beef Slough
bar, in the Mississippi river; which was referred
| to the Committee on Commerce.
i He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for a donation of land
for the establishment of an agricultural college m
1 that State; which was referred to the Committee
! on Public Lands.
H" also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota praying for the enactment of a
law securing to every person who will settle upon
and occupy one hundred and sixty acres of land
for five year*, and have forty acres of the same,
at the end of that time, under good cultivation,
the right to purchase the same at a cost not ex-
ceeding the actual cost and expense of survey and
transfer; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He aho presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, m favor of an amendment of the
second section of "An act granting land to Minne-
sota for railroad purposes;" which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
TI" also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying an appropriation to aid in
the construction of a wagon road from some point
on Lake Supeiior, in the State of Minnesota, to
the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Aflairs
and Milt!m.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying relief to those settlers
whose preemption claims have been lost by the
grant of land to Minnesota for railroad purposes;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
iie also presented a memorial of the Legislature
