1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16, j
Senator from Missouri, and lie supposed that I
intended to be personal. I desire to say most dis-
tinctly that I meant no disrespectful personal al-
lusion to the Senator from Missouri at all, and
could have meant none; for, in common with all
Senators here, I have the highest respect for him
personally. If I did say anything more, it was
misconstrued; and I only repeat that it was not
intended to be disrespectful to him.
Mr. GREEN. It was with reference to ques-
tions of fact that the Senator was mistaken, as
liis own friends afterwards testified before the Sen-
ate last night. I thought he was mistaken at the
time. I knew it, and I thought when he heard of
his error, he would put his statement in a shape
in which it would not be offensive to me. Simply
to say that he intended no disrespect is not quite
enough. If he will say he misunderstood, and
therefore did not present it as I had presented it,
it will be satisfactory; but, while he persists in his
statement, to say that it is not offensive, is not sat-
isfactory to me.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not remember what the
offensive words were. I think the Senator and
myself disasreed as to the words used.
Mr. GREEN. I will repent them. ["No!"
" No!"] I do not want any argument between
us.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I have
no unkind and disrespectful feelings; and I do not
think anything was said by me last night at which
the Senator, if he had understood itas I did, could
have taken offense. I can only repeat that I in-
tended nothing of the kind. It is light that I
should say, that whilst I am always anxious to
repair an injury if I have done one, 1 could not
have done so if the Senator from Missouri had
not, in the handsome manner in which he has
done it, withdrawn what I was told was a threat.
On motion of Mr. HIGLER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Wholf* resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 1G1) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr, KING. Mr. President, before the Revo-
lution, charters were granted to the colonies by
the Crown-. Since then, up to this time, the peo-
ple of the States of the Union have made their
constitutions for themselves. Now. for the first
time since the Continental Congress declared the
colonies free and independent States, the question
is raised of the right of the people to adopt or
reject the constitution which is to create them a
State qualified to como into the Union, one of the
equal States of our Confederacy.
Kansas, brought to the door of the Senate for
the purpose of having the Lecompton constitution
imposed upon her people by the authority of an
act of Congress, presents that question to us.
Benjamin Franklin-, contemplating his country
when her independence had been acknowledged
and the Republic was established, is said to
have expressed the wish that he might be per-
mitted to look upon this country after the lapse
of a hundred years. If the shade of that vener-
able man could appear h.ere,and listen to these
debates upon the proposition to add a new State
from beyond the Mississippi to the Union, he
would hear from the Government side calls for
more troops, and arguments to show the necessity
of an increase of the standing Army; he would
hear that the people of the State proposed to be
added to the Union are a factious people; that
they claim the right to vote on the adoption of
their constitution; to have the charter that defines
then- rights and their form of government submit-
ted by the convention that made it to themselves,
and to express their opinion of it; that in this
new State the people arc unwilling to have slavery
established as one of their institutions; that, al-
though the President declares the constitution
prepared for them by the Lecompton convention
to be a good one, they contumaciously reply that
it is not their constitution; that they complain of
fraud and corruption in the officials appointed and
sustained by the central Government; that they
refuse to pay the taxes levied by the Legislature,
alleging that they had no voice in its election, and
were not represented in it; that they agitate and
annoy the (government and disturb the quiet of
the country by their turbulent and disorderly
conduct; that they remonstrate against stuffed
ballot-boxes, spurious votes, forged certificates,
and false returns at their elections, and demand of
the Government investigation and punishment of
these offenses; that they insist upon the right to
decide for themselves the character of their State
institutions, and refuse to accept the constitution
which the Government offers to them; that they
complain of the intrusion of regular troops he-
longing to the standing Army of the Federal Gov-
ernment, sent to maintain law and order in their
Territory; that they are seditious; that they are
rebels; that they have been permitted to occupy
the attention of the Government and the country
too long; that they must have a local government
instituted over them by Congress,and be subdued
by the Army. He would hear some uncertain
and mystical suggestions that the people of the
State, when reduced to prder, might possibly, at
some future time, be allowed toalter their obnox-
ious constitution in some legal manner. I think,
after listening so far, Franklin would inquire, " is
this the American Congress, and have you estab-
lished a consolidated Government? Or is this the
British Parliament, and have the United States
been reunited to the Crown?" Upon being told
that this is one of the Chambers of the American
Congress, that the United States are still an inde-
pendent nation, and that the words of the Federal
Constitution remain unchanged, he would say,
"then these honorable gentlemen, who occupy
the seats of legislators here, have not inherited
the republicanism of my day and generation; this
is not the democracy that thundered at Bunker
Hill, at Saratoga, and at Yorktown, and rang
out their battle-cry of liberty and independence
through all the colonies until the royal charters
were abolished, and the right of the people to in-
stitute their forms of government and to make
their constitutions for themselves was acknowl-
edged."
Mr. President, the convention held at Lecomp-
ton framed a State constitution for Kansas, and
refused to submit it to the people.
The convention submitted a single provision
of the constitution to the people—the question
whether slaves might hereafter be imported or
brought into the State; and required, as a prelim-
inary to the right of any elector to vote for or
against this single partial provision on the subject
of slavery, that he should first vote for the ob-
noxious constitution, which contained, separate
and distinctfrom the provision submitted, an arti-
cle perpetuating slavery in the State of Kansas in
the persons of those now held as slaves in the Ter-
ritory, and in their posterity forever.
A very large majority of the people were op-
posed to the obnoxious constitution, and refused
to vote for it. -Without voting for the constitution,
no elector could vote for or against the single pro-
vision submitted.
It is notorious that the Lecompton convention
knew the constitution it framed was repugnant to
the sentiments, the opinions, and the consciences
of a large majority of the people; that they con-
demned the instrument ana the institution of sla-
very which it proposed to establish and perpetu-
ate among them.
It is known to every Senator and to every Rep-
resentative in Congress that a very large majority
of all the qualified voters in Kansas have expressed
their opinion against the Lecompton constitution
at an election held under the authority of an act
of their Territorial Legislature on the 4th day of
January last, when the constitution was submit-
ted, and the people rejected it by their votes.
This is the case of Kansas, as presented to the
Senate by the majority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories in their report and bill, which assumed
thatthe firstTerritorial Legislature in Kansas was
fairly and legally elected by the people, and or-
ganized, and thatthe Lecompton convention was
fairly elected by the people in pursuance of the
law of their Territorial Legislature.
In the case thus made by the majority of the
committee, the fundamental question of the right
of the people of a Territory to adopt for them-
selves the constitution which creates them a State,
preparatory to admission into the Union, is pre-
sented. The sovereign right of the people is
denied, and the sovereign right of a convention
of delegates affirmed. 1 he question raised in the
case of Kansas is nota question for Kansas alone.
It is for every Territory hereafter to be organized,
and for every Territory hereafter to be admitted
into the Union, as well as for Kansas. It is a ques-
tion of constitutional and political right of the first
rent sovereignty of the people, vital to the peo-
ple inhabiting the territory now belonging to the -
United States, and to all which may hereafter
be acquired or come within our ever-expanding
borders.
It is no less vital to the people of every State
now in the Union, because it is the question where,
sovereignty resides, whether in representatives
and representative bodies, in the Federal Govern-
ment, or in the people. Our existence as a repub-
lican Government rests upon the principle in-
volved in this question.
When the sovereignty ofthepSonle is subverted
or successfully denied by any repreKn tative body,
or by aiiy other power, the rights and the liber-
ties of the people are in the hands and at the
mercy of that power. The Government of the
United States, inaugurated upon the principles
of the Revolution of 1776, recognized the sover-
eignty of the States, and the sovereign right of
the people of the States to frame and adopt their
• forms of government, and to make and adopt their
constitutions. It is a constitutional right of the
people of a State, essential to its equality as one
of the States of the Union, and necessary to the
republican character of its constitution—a right
never before denied or questioned. If those who
now, in the case of the people of Kansas, deny
this right, had, before the day of election in No-
vember, 1856, only whispered their design to sub-
vert this sovereign right of the people, the Ad-
ministration which is now pressing upon Congress
the proposition to subvert the rights of tliepeople
of Kansas, would never have come into power to
make such a question. No State has ever been
brought into the Union where it was denied, ques-
tioned, or doubted, that the people of the State to
be admitted approved their constitution. The
enabling acts, the fferms of law, and the modes
of proceeding on the part of the people prepara-
tory to their admission as States into the Union,
have widely varied. I do not know that they
have been exactly alike in the cases -of any two'
States. But observance of the vital principle that
all just government derives its authority from the
consent of the governed, has been the one essen-
tial thing required in all. Are the President and
Congress prepared to go back to the reign of the
Georges in England, and assume the prerogatives
of the Crown and the ynlimited power of Parlia-
ment? And are they ready to renew in this coun-
try the controversies of those days between the
prerogative and power of the central Government,
and the constitutional power and political rights
of the people—questions supposed to have been
forever settled in America by the success of the
Revolution, and the adoption of the Constitution
of the United States? Whatever the President
may be willing to do, is Congress prepared to
deny the absolute and sovereign right of the peo-
ple of a new State to form and adopt their own
constitution ? And is Congress prepared to as-
sume the sovereign power to impose a constitu-
tion upon the people of a new State ? Congress
has the power to admit new States into the Union,
but it has not the constitutional power to make a
constitution for a State, or to adopt one made by
others, and impose it upon the people of a State.
The President possesses no such constitutional
power, and cannot be invested with such author- ■
ity by an act of Congress. The President, who
recommends such a measure to Congress, and
proposes to enforce such an act upon the unwill-
ing people of a State, is false to the high trust
reposed in him by the people of all the States '
in the Union. It is a subversion of the rights of
the States. It is consolidation. When the Federal
Govevnment shall exercise the power to impose
a constitution upon the people of a State, who
shall say what limitations to its power remain;
what shall stay its arbitrary will; and how and
where shall its tyranny be arrested ? But, Mr.
President, monstrous and utterly indefensible as
the proposition to bring Kansas into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution stands upon the
case as%iade by the majority of the committee,
dark colors are yet to be added to the true picture
of violence to the constitutional principles of re-
publican government, and of outrage against the
rights of the people of Kansas.
The report of the majority of the committee
does not state the facts of the case correctly. The
assumption that the first Territorial Legislature
of Kansas was fairly elected, and valid in law, is
