48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16.
institute government. It has power to petition;
it may put its petition in the form of a consti-
tution ; and when it comes here we are at liberty
to accept or reject that petition.
This was my position in regard to the effect of
an enabling act. I then went on to show that,
there having been no enabling act passed for Kan-
sas, the Lecompton convention was irregular. I
argued that it was not an unlawful assemblage,
but might present a petition to us in the shape of
a constitution, which we should be at liberty to
accept or reject, as we pleased. It was a con-
vention authorized to petition, but not to estab-
lish or institute government.
I was aware that in the history of this Govern-
ment some new States had been admitted without
the passage of an enabling act by Congress in
the firstinstance. I must be permitted, however,
to spoil the effect of one or two of the Sena-
tor's cases—those upon which he dwelt with the
greatest pleasure and most satisfaction to himself.
He tells us there was 110 enabling act for Mich-
igan. If the Senator will look back into the his-
tory of Michigan, he will find that the authority
existed under the old ordinance of 1787. That
ordinance, which was the organic act of Mich-
igan, provided that the Northwestern Territory
should be divided into not less than three nor
more than five States, and each of those States
was, by the ordinance, authorized to be formed
and admitted into the Union when it should have
sixty thousand inhabitants Thus an enabling
act was incorporated into the ordinance of 1787
for the five northwestern States. This is the
reason why it was not necessary that there should
be an enabling act for Michigan, nor for Ohio,
nor for Indiana, nor for Illinois, nor for Wiscon-
sin. *
Next, with regard to Tennessee. The Senator
quotes the names of Washington and Jackson—
names that raise a thrill of patriotic feeling m the
bosom of every American when they are men-
tioned, and to whose example we should, of
course, yield the tribute of our approbation. How
was it with Tennessee ? The Senator says it was
the first new State admitted without an enabling
act. Tennessee, when cut off from North Caro-
lina and formed into a Territory known as the
Southwestern Territory, was organized into a
territorial government by an act of Congress,
which extended to it all the provisions of the or-
dinance of 1787, except the slavery clause. Thus,
the territorial oiganic act of Tennessee contained
within itself ail enabling act, declaring that the
people of Tennessee should have authority to
form a constitution and State government when-
ever the Territory should have sixty thousand
inhabitants. Being thus authorized, the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee took steps to find out when
they had the sixty thousand inhabitants. When
they ascertained that fact by a census, they called
a convention to form a constitution. When tliey
applied to Congress for admission, President
Washington, in that beautiful letter which the
Senator read, referred to the fact that ill the act
organizing the Territory of Tennessee there was
an enabling clause, guarantying to that Terri-
tory the right to come into the Onion whenever
it should have sixty thousand inhabitants. The
Governor of the Territory having furnished the
evidence showing that there were then sixty
thousand inhabitants in Tennessee, according to
the ccnsus, that people had a right to come into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States. These facts dispose of the alleged ex-
ample of Washington and Jackson, for they show
that in the very ease in which both acted, the as-
sent of Congress had been previously given.
I am aware that in the Florida case and in other
cases there was not an enabling act in the first
instance. The rule upon which we acted was,
that, although this was an irregularity, it might be
waived or insisted upon according as we thought
public policy and public duty required. I took
that ground in my speech last week. I said
furthcrthat,where an enabling act had been passed
and a convention had been organized in the man-
ner therein provided for, it was a constitutional
convention empowered to institute government;
and hence stood on a different footing. That dis-
tinction has been clearly taken, elaborated, and
established by the Senator from Missouri m his
speech. If lie is right and I am right m this argu-
ment, it follows that the convention which met
at Lecomptan and formed a constitution was not
a body properly constituted and empowered to
institute a government, for the reason that it had
not the previous authority of Congress, but was
merely an assemblage of citizens regularly col-
lected for the purpose of petitioning for a change
of government from a territorial to a State gov-
ernment, and when that petition comes here we
shall be at liberty to accept it or to reject it—to
dispose of it as we may see fit.
Again, sir; the action of the convention shows,
in my judgment, clearly, that they took the same
view of the subject; for I must still insist that the
convention did not assume that they had a right
to institute government by virtue of the power
which they possessed, but only to frame a con-
stitution to be submitted to the people, and go
into operation when ratified. TheSenatorthought
I was mistaken in this. Let us refer to the record
and see which of us is mistaken. The sixteenth
section of the schedule provides:
" This constitution shall take effect, and be in force, from
and after its ratification by the people, as herein before pio-
vided.-''
If not ratified it is to be void; if ratified it is to
take effect from that time, and by virtue of that
ratification. This clearly shows that the conven-
tion did not claim to be a body empowered to in-
stitute government, but simply a body authorized
to frame aconstitution in the shape of a petition,
anil to pray for its acceptance by Congress. That
was the distinction.
Again, in the seventh section of the schedule
we find:
" Before this constitution slmll be sent to Congress for ad-
mission into llie Union, as a State, it sluill be submitted to
all the white mate inhabitants of this Territory, for approval
or disappioval as follows :
It then goes on to give the form of the vote,
" constitution with slavery," or " constitution
with no slavery;" but before it can be sent to
Congress the schedule says it shall be submitted
for approval or disapproval. Can it be'said, in
the face of this language, that the convention de-
clared the constitution in force without submit-
ting it to the people ? Can it be said that the
constitution can ever take effect, unless ratified by
a vote of the people? If I can understand the
plain meaning of language which appears to be
unequivocal, it is not susceptible of doubt that
the constitution is referred to the people for ac-
ceptance or rejection, and that whatever validity
or vitality it is to have, will be received from the
people's ratification. If I am right in this posi-
tion it brings me back to the old point, that the
submission is such as not to give an opportunity
for a fair vote on the slavery or any other ques-
tion.
1 come next to the position which I assumed
with reference to the submission of a constitution
for ratification. I did not contend that a consti-
tution might not, under any circumstances, be put
in operation unless submitted to the people for
ratification. I said before, and I say now, that
the constitution must be the act and deed of the
people of Kansas; it must embody the will of
the people of Kansas; no constitution should be
received by Congress, and none can fairly be con-
sidered republican which does not embody the
will of the people who are to be governed by it,
and is not formed by their act. Having assumed,
as an essential fundamental principle, that the
constitution must embody the will of the people,
the next question is, what is the best and most
appropriate mode of ascertaining that will ? Upon
that point 1 concur with the President of the
United States in his message, that the best mode
is to refer it to the people for their acceptance or
rejection by a fair vote. The principle being that
it shall embody the will of the people, its sub-
mission to a popular vote is only a means of as-
certaining a fact, which fact, namely, that it
embodies the will of the people, gives it vitality,
and makes it an appropriate constitution. I
regard the argument of the President of the United
States in favor of that mode of ascertaining the
people's will as conclusive. The President's argu-
ment is, that delegates represent districts, and a
majority of the delegates may represent a mi-
nority of the people, in consequence of some
being elected by large majorities and others by
small majorities; hence the President says a del-
egate election is not a fair test, but you must
refer it to a vote of the whole people in order to
ascertain the vital, the fundamental, the cardinal
point whether or not the constitution is the em-
bodiment of the will of the people. I advocate
submission, as a means of ascertaining an end,
not as a principle. I do not sev that there could
be no possible case in which i would not accept
a constitution without its having been thus sub-
mitted. Suppose, for instance, a constitution had
been formed by delegates, and there was not a
murmur against it, not a protest, not the slightest
reason to believe that anybody dissented from it,
and the only question in dispute was the suffi-
ciency of the population, I am not certain but
that I should waive the irregularity, and take it
for granted that such a constitution did embody
the will of the people. If' 1 should accept it on
such terms, it would be because there was satis-
factory evidence that it was the will of the people.
That will embodied m the constitution is the
cardinal principle which is, or should be, a o.ue
qua 11011 in the establishment of governments for
the admission of a new State.
This is the point of difference between the
Senator from Missouri and myself. As he evi-
dently misconceived my meaning on the matters
to which I have referred, it has seemed to me to
be due to him to restate my views, especially as
he has treated the subject with a candor and
courtesy that deserve to be followed and imitated.
Certainly they will leave their impression on me
in conducting discussions with him. 1 shall en-
deavor to profit by the example he has set this
day in the mode of debate.
Mr. GREEN. I am somewhat surprised at
the position taken by the honorable Senatorfrom
Illinois. He undertakes to prove that the State
of Michigan was authorized to form a constitu-
tion by an enabling act, and this by a process of
reasoning which I had not expected from him.
He undertakes to piove it by the ordinance of
ri87, which contained a provision that the Ter-
ritory should be divided into not less than three
and not more than five States. So far as this
division is concerned, he is well aware of the fact
that it has been violated. The Territory is made
into more than five States; but does the ordinance
give authority to the people of a Territory to
form a constitution ? Does it convey from Con-
gress to the people authority to create a govern-
ment? He says yes. Congress did not so con-
sider when they passed an enabling act for Ohio.
Congress did not so consider when they passed
an enabling act for Indiana. Congress did not
so consider when they passed an enabling actfor
Illinois, the gentleman's own State. Four out
of the five States in the Northwest Territory
formed their constitutions only after enabling acts
had been passed by Congress.
But I propose to show that, if that process of
reasoning be submitted to prove the existence of
an enabling power to create a State government
for Michigan, it exists m Kansas in all the per-
fection it ever possessed in Michigan. There was,
says the Senator, an enabling act in the case of
Michigan, because the ordinance of 1787 said the
people, when they numbered sixty thousand,
should be entitled to form a State government.
Now the Louisiana treaty, by which the United
States acquired Kansas, contains similar pro-
visions, and the law of Congress, passed to give
effect to that treaty when the United States took
possession of the Territory, contains an express
stipulation to that effect. The opinion of the
Attorney General in relation to Arkansas, which
the Senator read, is as follows:
a The treaty by which Louisiana was ceded to the United
States, though undoubtedly, lor many impoitant puiposes,
a part ot tile supieme law, must, therelore, be laid out of
the piesent question. It is tiue that the thud aiticle'im-
poses on the United States, as a nation, the duty of mcor-
poiaung the inhabitants ol the ceded temtory into the
Union of the United States,' and ol'.idiuittuig them as soon
as possible, according to the punciples of the Federal Con-
stitution, to the enioymenlol all the rights, advantages, and
immunities of citizens ot the United States; and, in the
mean tune, they are to be maintained and protected in the
free enjoyment ot'then lilicify, property, and the religion
which they profess. And it mu-'r at-o be admitted that Con-
gress, by the seventh section of the act of tile 2d Maich,
1805, ' piovidmg tor the government of the Territory of Or-
leans,' have construed tins article as pledging the laith of
the United States to admit the inhabitants of Louisiana
into the Union ot' tile American Slater as an independent
State, or States, and oil the footing of the oiigmnl States,
whenever the proper numbei of liee inhabitants shall be
found therein."
Now, we have a treaty stipulation, which is
the supreme law of the land, pioviding, prospect-
