96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecom/pton Constitution—Mr. Mason, and others.
Senate.
clare openly, ami without debate, Iris assent or dissent to
the question."
There is a quorum in the House evidently, or
was a moment ago. A number of Senators did
not vote. It will be for the Senate to say whether
the Senators who did not vote shall be called upon
to do so, or what steps shall be taken in regard
to it.
Mr. MASON. The usage always has been, as
I recollect, since my entrance here several years
ago, when there was really not a quorum of the
Senate present, and those present desired to pro-
ceed with business, to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms
to request the absentees to attend. There has
been no instance within my knowledge, where
the Sergeant-at-Arms has been directed to bring
them here. I think it desirable to have the usual
courtesies preserved. It is manifest that on the
last call of the yeas and nays, the want of a quo-
rum was on account of Senators present declining
to vote. A Senator does that on his responsi-
bility, and it will be for the Senate to say whether
they will take any order to require the rules of
the Senate to be observed. I would suggest,
therefore, that the vote be again taken, so that it
maybe seen whether there are any Senators pres-
ent who declined to vote, and if that be the fact,
let the Senate decide whether it will take any or-
der to see that the rule be enforced. I move that
the roll be called again on the same motion.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to inquire whether it
would be in order to call the names of the ab-
sentees, to ascertain what Senators are present
who declined to vote ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is most
strictly in order.
Mr. BIGGS. I shall then call on them by name
to request them to vote, if I can ascertain who
declined.
Mr. CAMERON. I will make a suggestion;
I can hardly make a motion at this stage of the
question. \ suggest to gentlemen on the other
side to adjourn, so as to give Senators on this
side an opportunity to consult in the morning;
and if, after being in caucus to-morrow morning,
we fail to meet you with a proposition to fix some
reasonable time to close tins debate, I, for one,
will give up; but I think for the present, we had
better adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, there is no order about
it. There is no order in what wits done before.
Without a quorum we can know of no order.
Mr. GREEN. I demand order.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 cannot be put down by
that man.
Mr. GREEN. There is no question pending.
Mr. CAMERON. I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has a right to raise his qucstionof order.
The ('hair will hear it.
Mr. GREEN. My question of order is that
there is nothing debatable before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That point of or-
der, if insisted on, is well taken, and the Chair
mu^t so rule.
Mr. CAMERON. There can be no question
before (he Senate when there is not a quorum
here. How can you decide a question of order
without a quorum ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend for a moment. The Chair desires, of
course, to act witIi perfect propriety in the prem-
ises. The Chair is satisfied that then? is a quorum
of the body present. The IGth rule, which has
already b<en read, says that upon a call of the
yeas and nays, "each member ceiled upon shall,
unless for special reason he be excused by the
Senate, declare openly, and without debate, his
assent or dissent." The Senator from North Car-
olina desires that the Senators present not voting
shall be ascertained, in order that the Senate may
determine whethei it will excuse them from voting.
Under these circumstances the Chair will direct
the Secretary to call the names of the Senators
who did not vote, so that the Chair may ascertain
the Senators who did not vote, and then the Sen-
ate can take such course as it deems proper. The
Secretary will therefore report the names.
The Secretary called the names of the follow-
ing Senators: Mr. Bell, Mr. Bright, Mr. Cam-
eron 
Mr. CAMERON. I did not vote, because, as
I have stated several times to-night, I have paired
off with a gentleman who is compelled to be ab-
sent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be excused from voting.
Mr. CAMERON. If I am to be counted as
being present, I shall walk out.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion to excuse Mr. Cameron; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I think I heard my colleague's
[Mr. Bright's] name mentioned, I announced
once before this evening that he had paired off
with the Senatorfrom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] I
understood it was to be a temporary pair; but I
do not see Mr. Bell in his seat.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Bright] be excused from voting.
Mr. WADE. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana is not present.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Chand-
ler.
Mr. WADE. I demanded the yeas and nays
before that name was called, on the motion to ex-
cuse the Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
the propriety of a motion to excuse a Senator from
voting when he is not present.
Mr. STUART. How does the Chair know that
fact, sir? The Chair cannot know who is here
and who is not here, unless by the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator that he thinks there is a quo-
rum present.
Mr. STUART. But the Chair is now deciding
points of order. My point is, that the Chair can-
not officially take notice whether a Senator is here
or not. There is a motion to excuse a member
from voting. If he manifests that he is here by a
vote, or by a remark, or by anything else that the
Chair can take notice of officially, that is proper;
but the Chair cannot decide whether he shall be
excused from voting by saying that he is not
here.
Mr. GREEN. Yes he can.
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. PIJG1I. I think that point of order will
bring us just to the suggestion I made before. A
Senator is either present or absent. That is a
clear case. If the Senator from Michigan is right,
that those who do not vote are absent, then I
think the Sergeant-at-Arms ought to bring them
here. Whether they are inside of the Chamber
or not, ho ought to bring them into the Senate,
and to the notice of the Senate. If they are here
present and do not vote, and the Chair can take
notice of them, then there is no propriety, of
course, in sending the Sergeant-at-Arms after
them. I will do what I have tried all night long,
to make some compromise, so as to effect an ad-
journment. The majority will not adjourn unless
that is done, and I shall vote against all factious
proceedings on either side.
Mr. STUART. I certainly have no desire to
introduce anything here of a novel character. I
hare a great desire, however 
Mr. GREEN. 1 rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
state his point of order?
Mr. GREEN. It is this: that while the Sec-
retary is calling the names of the absentees, to see
whether there is a quorum present, no question
of order is debatable, and a Senator cannot even
make a motion until the call is gone through with.
Mr. STUART. 1 think the Senator will have
to look into books that nobody else has seen to
find any such principle as that.
Mr. GREEN. I expect to do it.
Mr. STUART. Well, we shall see. Now,
sir 
Mr. GREEN. I have not yielded the floor; I
have made my question of order, and I submit it
to the Chaii.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
mind the Senate 
Mr. SEWARD. One moment, if the Chair
pleases. I wish to be heard on the question of
order.
Mr. GREEN. I call the Senator from New
York to order, until my point is either sustained
or overruled.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object to any point
being sustained or overruled by the Chair in my
presence here until I am heard about it.
Mr. GREEN. You have no right to be heard
until he either sustains it or overrules it.
Mr. SEWARD. You will see.
The VICE PRESIDENT. .Senators will be
food enough to pause for a moment. Will the
enator from Missouri restate his point of order?
Mr. GREEN. Mypoint is this: that under a
rule of the Senate, the President of the Senate has
ordered the names of those who did not answer
on the last vote to be called, and during the prog-
ress of that, call no matter of debate is in order.
The Senator from Michigan is undertaking to
make an argument in excuse, and to avoid the
effect of the call. 1 say that is not in order until
the call is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to suggest that the proceedings of the last
fifteen minutes are new to him; but he will state
his opinion on the points of order raised, with
the leave of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I must insist that the Senator
raising the point of order shall take his seat.
Mr. GREEN. I call the Senator from New
York to order.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the Senator from Mis-
souri to order, and my point of order is this: that
he has not the floor while the Chair is explaining.
Mr. GREEN. He has no right to call me to
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has stated his point of order. The Chair
will hear the suggestion of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. GREEN, (to Mr. Seward.) Make your
suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to know whether I
must make my suggestions under the permission
of the Chair, or by the command of the Senator
from Missouri?
Mr. GREEN. Either is equally obligatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York has the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. The point of order made by
the Senator from Missouri is that a call of mem-
bers is being made by the Secretary, and that while
that call is proceeding, no Senator can speak to any
question whatever. I answer that the Secretary
is without authority to make the call. Then the
Senator from Missouri says that he is ordered by
the President of the Senate to make it. I answer
that when there is not a quorum of the Senate
present, the President of the Senate cannot direct
that call to be made.
Mr. GREEN. It is too late for that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York comes to the precise point.
Mr. SEWARD. I say that without authority
of a majority of the body, no proceedings can be
had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that on the last call of the yeas and nays there
was not a quorum voting. It was quite apparent to
the Chair, however, that there.was a quorum in the
Chamber. The Chair supposes it to be usual in
all deliberative bodies to ascertain whether a quo-
rum be present, and that power would exist in the
i Chair, as the organ of the body, to ascertain the
! fact whether a quorum be present, of necessity.
| The Chair assumed at the moment that there was
1 a quorum present, and he might take this mode
! of ascertaining whether a quorum was really pres-
ent, by duectmg the Secretary to call the names
of those Senators who did not vote, and if they
are present in the Chamber and respond to their
names or are obviously present, the Chair will be
able to announce to the Senate that there lsaquo-
rum of the body here.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; that is the proper
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Accordingly, the
Chair directed the Secretary to call over the names
of those Senators who did not vote. Those who
voted are present in the Chamber. There are
many other Senators present whom the Chair
sees, who did not vote. How many, whether
enough to make a quorum or not, may be said to
be in doubt, and the Chair directs the roll to be
