1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
contradicted by record evidence. The assumption
that the Lecompton convention was fairly elected
by thepeople of Kansas, is contradicted by evi-
dence that can be neither contradicted nor contro-
verted. Upon these two assumptions the major-
ity of the committee maintain the sovereignty of
a convention, and deny the sovereignty of the
people.
The history of Kansas, from the beginning to
the end of it, is one of fraud and violence, of wrong
and outrage. Although the majority here have
refused to authorize any inquiry or investigation
that would bring the facts officially before the Sen-
ate, yet they are notorious to the whole country,
and they cannot be excluded from our sight. The
act of Congress that organized the Territory re-
pealed the eighth section of the act for the admis-
sion of Missouri into the Union, commonly called
the Missouri compromise law—a law which*ex-
cluded slavery from the Territory of Kansas. This
was a breach of that faith and honor among men
which statutes can neither create nor destroy; a
breach of that faith and honor between communi-
ties which is their only strong bond of peace and
friendship. Successive statutes are monuments
that mark the existence and decay of faith and
honor in the men who make them, and in the
nations which accept them.
Under a charter for a territorial government,
instituted by such a statute, the President appoint-
ed a Governor, Secretary, judges, marshals, and
other officers, and the day was appointed for an
election of members of a Legislature by the peo-
ple, which would complete the organization of their
territorial government. As the time for the elec-
tion of members of the Legislature approached,
four thousand nine hundred armed men, not re-
siding in Kansas, organized for that purpose by
secret lodges in the State of Missouri, passed over
from that State into the Territory of Kansas, and
on the day fixed for the election of the first Ter-
ritorial Legislature, seized, by force, the control
at most of the precincts in the Territory, displaced
by violence the judges of the election, took pos-
session of the ballot-boxes, and excluding the cit-
izens residing in Kansas from the polls, proceeded
to stuff the ballot-boxes, and in that way to des-
ignate and appoint persons to be legislators for
Kansas. Incontrovertible evidence of these facts
stands on record in the proceedings of the Hoi^se
of Representatives of the last Congress.
The invasion from Missouri was successful and
complete,and the invaders, having accomplished
their purpose,returqjd in organized bands to Mis-
souri. The persons thus created legislators for
Kansas, assembled, organized, and, assuming to
be the Legislature, proceeded to pass laws for
the government of the Territory, and to levy
taxes upon the people. Their enactments were
arbitrary and oppressive, designed to drive the
people from the settlements they had made, and
compel them to abandon the Territory. The
people of Kansas denied the authority of this Le-
gislature. In an evil hour, the President of the
United States recognized this usurpation as the
government of Kansas, and large bodies of Fed-
eral troops have been stationed in the Territory
to overawe the people by their presence and to
enforce the authority thus nefariously imposed
upon them.
The call for the Lecompton convention was
made by this usurpation, and upon its submis-
sion to the people less than twenty-threehundred
persons responded. The large majority of the
people denied its authority and refused to vote on
the call for the convention, or at the subsequent
election for delegates. Sufficient reasons existed
for their refusal to vote; they would not acknowl-
edge the authority of the usurpation. For the
election of delegates, an act for the registry of
voters had been passed, and the people in many
of the counties were disfranchised by the omis-
sion on the part of the registry officers to register
the voters. In these counties no places were ap-
Eointed for holding the elections, and none could
e held, and no delegates could be elected. In the
counties where registries were made, they were
partial, omitting large numbers of the qualified
voters. The people of the Territory reasohably
apprehended that, without regard to the number
of votes which might be deposited in the ballot-
boxes by the electors, the inspectors and return-
ing officers of the election would, by false certifi-
cates, return, as elected, men for their own pur-
poses, and not the~men who would receive the votes
of the electors.
The origin and proceedings of the territorial
authorities fully justified this apprehension. At
the election under their authority in October last,
to continue the Missouri usurpation, in the elec-
tion of a new Legislature, although the original
invaders did not reappear, sixteen hundred spu-
rious and fictitious votes were returned by the
inspectors of election upon false certificates, from
a single poll, the Oxford precinct, in Johnson
county. One of the officers of the election at the
Oxford precinct—the very man, it is said, who
manufactured the false certificate returning the six-
teenhundredfraudulentvotes—was one of the sec-
retaries of the Lecompton convention. One thou-
sand fraudulent votes at the same election were re-
turned from McGfee county, and more or less from
various precincts, sufficient to decide the elections
without regard to the votes of the electors. The
returns of the election were in accordance with
the wishes of the usurpation, and not in accord
ance with the votes of the electors. President
Buchanan, with the concurrence of his Cabinet,
in their official instructions to Governor Walker
gave express and positive assurances to the peo-
ple of Kansas that the constitution, preparatory
to their becoming a State, should be submitted to
a fair vote of the people, to be adopted or rejected
by them.
Governor Walker, in his official communica-
tions to the people, repeated and affirmed these
assurances. The candidates proposed for dele-
gates to the Lecompton convention—afterwards
returned as delegates—before the election volun-
tarily pledged themselves to the public, verbally
and m writing, that the constitution the conven-
tion might frame for Kansas should be submitted
to a vote of the people. The Governor of the
Territory, invested with authority by the Presi-
dent of the United States, proclaimed to the peo-
ple of Kansas that at an election, to be held with
security against fraud or violence at the polls, and
against false certificates by the returning officers,
a fair opportunity should be afforded to all the
qualified voters to vote; and that amajority of the
votes of the people should determine the adoption
or rejection of the constitution; that his official
reports to the President and Congress, and his
action for or against the constitution should be
governed by the vote of the majority at such an'
election. Governor Walker adhered to hisdecla-
rations; he rejected the false certificates returning
the spurious and fictitious votes in Johnson ana
McGee counties for members of the Legislature,
and persisted in requiring that the constitution of
the Lecompton convention should be submitted
to a vote of the people. For this he fell under the
displeasurexif the President, and repaired to Wash-
ington to make explanations and represent the
condition of affairs in the Territory. He failed to
satisfy the Presidentand his Cabinet, or tojnduce
them to fulfill the assurances which had been given
to the people of Kansas, that they should have an
opportunity to vote on the adoption of their State
constitution. Governor Walker is reported to
have said that he went with the Administration to
the gates of the penitentiary in this business, and
he would go no further. He had left the Terri-
tory; he declined to return to it, and resigned his
commission.
Secretary Stanton, who went to the Territory
by the appointment and as a friend of President
Buchanan, became acting Governor by the<resig-
nation of Governor Walker. Upon assuming the
executive power, Mr. Stanton refused to sustain
the frauds by which the usurpation designed to
perpetuate its power, and persisted, as Governor
Walker had done, in requiring that the constitu-
tion of the Lecompton convention should be sub-
mitted, for adoption or rejection, to a vote of the
people; whereupon, he was summarily removed
by the President, and General Denver, a bureau
officer of the Administration in Washington, was
appointed, first Secretary and then Governor. It
is this last Governor of Kansas, General Denver,
who has certified the votes of the people of Kansas
at the election authorized by the law of their new
Territorial Legislature, and held on the 4th day
of January last, in which the vote of the people
is nearly unanimous, and the majority more than
ten thousandagainsttheLecomptonconstitution.
The Lecompton constitution is not the constitu-
tion of the people of Kansas. It is an instrument
of the Lecompton convention and the Federal Ad-
ministration, and is stained with false pretenses
and fraud from the beginning to the end. To im-
pose this instrument upon the people of Kansas
as theirconstitution, by an act of Congress, would
outrage justice and truth. It would be a violation
of the Federal Constitution by the exercise of
power neither granted to the Federal Government
nor remotely hinted at in the Constitution. It
would be an act of tyranny. It is a moekery of
State sovereignty, in the report of the majority of
the Committee on Territories, to call the propo-
sition they make to the Senate "An act for the ad-
mission of the State of Kansas."
The question is not that of the admission of
Kansas; an act of admission implies, at the least,
the concurrence of the party to be admitted. The
proposition before the Senate, whatever may be
the name and style given by the majority of the
Committee on Territories to their bill, is no ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas. It is the mon-
strous proposition to impose upon the people of
the Territory of Kansas a constitution and form
of government known to be obnoxious to a very,
large majority of that people, accompanied by
every indication on the part of the Federal Ad-
ministration of a disposition to compel the sub-
mission of the people of the State by the power
of the Federal Government. To call such at-
tempted coercion an admission of the State of
Kansas, is to deride the sovereignty of the people
of the State. I repeat, this is no question of the
admission of a State. It is one of a series of acts
in the scheme conceived by the nullifiers who
have obtained thorough control of the organiza-
tion of the Democratic party, to change the Con-
stitution of the United States by the judicial con-
struction and decisions of the Federal courts, and
to subvert ourfreeform of government. Whether
a settled plan and a combination exist to provoke
disturbances with a view to a dissolution of the
Union, time will fully disclose. There should
be no fear of the full development of any such
scheme, no matter by.whom the idea may be en-
tertained, and no matter who may be concerned
in it. The American citizen who would fear it
has little of the spirit which animated the men
who fought the battles of the Revolution, and es-
tablished the independence, the liberties, and the
union of our common country.
The wild schemes of men long accustomed to
wield the power of a disciplined party organiza-
tion are not always guided by reason. To in-
quire into the desperate conceits of mad ambition,
and to direct the public attention to them, is to
dissipate them. The Hartford convention, held
under the auspices of the Federal party, was sus-
pected of entertaining the idea of dissolving the
Union in certain contingencies. This suspicion,
whether well or ill founded, excited the jealousy
of alKhe friends of this country. It exasperated
the prejudices and hostility of the Republicans
of that day, and completed the full weight of accu-
sation against the Federal party, already loaded
with the alien law, the sedition act, the stamp act,
the midnight judges, and the standing Army. The
power of that once proud and patriotic party,
which, at an early day, had borne the heat and
burden of the political contest that adopted the
Constitution and established the Union of the
States, gave way, and was destroyed forever.
The word " Federal, "as the name of a party, be-
came so odious in the popular ear that no party,
for a great many years, has claimed, or would
accept it. The Nashville convention, held under
the auspices of the Democratic party, at a more
recent day, flaunted its proclamations and pur-
poses of a dissolution of the Union; but the Nash-
ville convention was believed to be a humbug. I
remember to have heard a distinguished citizen of
Tennessee, at the time, speak of that body. He
said that but very few of the citizens of Tennes-
see had anything to do with it; its members were
most! y from a distance, and strangers in that State;
"and," said he, "if the convention should do
any act by which the people of Tennessee should
come to believe it menaced the safety ofthe Union,
it would become so weak that its members could
be driven out of the city of Nashville by the women
of that town with no other weapons than their
broomsticks." This convention, although held
only eight years ago, has less lodgment in the
memory of the country than the Hartford conven-
tion, which was held more than forty years ago.
