J 858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
lands to aid in the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara; resolution bf the
Legislature of Michigan, m favor of an appro-
priation for the improvement of certain harbors;
a resolution of the Senate in relation to appropri-
ations for repairs and security of the works here-
tofore commenced for the improvement of harbors
and navigable rivers; and a resolution of the Sen-
ate in relation to an appropriation for completing
the removal of the raft of Red river; and the com-
mittee was discharged from their further consid-
eration.
The bills reported on adversely are as follows:
A bill (S. No. 5) to provide for a survey of the
Ohio river and its principal tributaries;
A bill (S. No. 19) to continue the improvement
in the hai bor of Newark, New Jersey;
A bill <^S. No. 7) for the improvement of navi-
gation at the falls of the Ohio river;
A bill (S. No. 43) to authorize the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and
Arkansas rivers by contract, and making appro-
priations for the same;
A bill (S. No. 146) making an appropriation
for deepening the channel over the St, Mary's
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 147) making an appropriation for
deepening the channel over the St, Clair flats, in
the !5tate of Michigan; and
A bill (S. No. 2Q8) making appropriations for
certain public works in the State of Maine.
The following new bills reported by the com-
mittee, were severally read the first time, and or-
dered to a second reading:
A bill (S. No. 341) making appropriations for
repairing and securing the works at the harbor of
Chicago, Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 342) making appropriations for
the preservation and repair of the piers at the
mouth of Milwaukee river, Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 343) making appropriations for
repairing the piers at the harbor of Sheboygan,
Wisconsin:
A bill (S. No. 344) making appropriations for
repairing the works at the harbor of St. Joseph,
Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 345) making appropriations for
repairing the woiks at the harbor of Monroe,
Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 346) making appropriations for
completing the improvements in the raft region
of lied river:
A bill (S. No. 347) making appropriations for
deepening the channel through the St. Clair flats,
Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 348) making appropriations for
the preservation of steam dredges and appurte-
nances;
A bill (S. No. 349) making appropriations for
repairs of the piers at Burlington, Vermont;
A#bill (S. No. 350) making appropriations for
immedlute repairs required for the preservation
of Oswego harbor, New York;
A bill (S No 351) making appropriations for
repairing the piers at Sodus Bay harbor, Wayne
county. New Yoik, and for dredging between the
channel piers;
A bill (S. No. 352) making appropriations for
repairing the public works at Genesee harbor,
New York;
A bill (3. No. 353) making appropriations for
repairing the piers of Oak Orchaid harbor, New
^ orK.
A bill (S. No. 354) making appropriations for
repairing the public works at ttutfdlo harbor, New
Yorn -
A bill (S. No. 355) making appropriations for
the immediate repair ot Dunkirk haibor works;
A bill (3. No. 356) making appropriations for
immediate repair of the piers at Erie harbor,
.Pennsylvania;
A bill (S. No. 357) making approptiations for
repairing the works at the harbor of Conneaut,
Ohio,
A bill (S. No. 358) making appropriations for
repairing the woiks at the harbor of Ashtabula,
Ohio,
A bdl (S. No. 359) making appropriations for
repairs upon the works at Grand River harbor,
Ohio,
A bill (S. No. 360) making appropriations for
securing and repairing the works at the harbor of
Cleveland, Oinu;
A bill (S. No. 361) making appropriations for
repairs upon the works at Black River harbor,
Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 362) making appropriations for
repairs upon the works at Huron harbor, Ohio;
and
A bill (S. No. 363) making appropriations for
unforeseen contingencies of lake harbors.
Mr. CLAY. I will take occasion to say to the
Senate that there may be some surprise on the
part of some members that other bills have not
been reported for works in other sections of the
country, as these are confined almost exclusively
to the northwestern lakes; but the committee have
conformed entirely to the advice of the board of
topographical engineers, limiting the bills to such
works only as, in the opinion of that board, re-
quired immediate appropriations to preserve them
from decay and destruction. I will «say, more-
over, in behalf of the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] and myself, that 1 reported these bills
in accordance with the instructions of the major-
ity of the committee; and he and I do not assent
to their constitutionality or their expediency. i
Mr. HAMLIN. What the Senator from Ala- j
bama has saul in relation to the report is all very j
accurate. There is, however, one other fact which i
I think ought to be stated, to give the Senate an |
idea of the whole matter. At all events, I think j
that some Senators who have not examined the I
matter carefully may not entertain precisely the \
right view of the subject from the statement the j
Senator has made, and he has made it very truth- j
fully. All I desire to say is this: the committee !
classified the subjects which were referred to them; j
they concluded to make no recommendations, and \
to report no bills for continuing any woi k in pro- |
cess of construction; but they have reported an- ;
other set of hills in accordance with the recom- ;
mendation of the Department to preserve woiks, .
and to prevent them from going into decay. The ]
point to which 1 wish to call the attention of the I
Senate is, that the Department was not called on I
for an opinion in relation to other works, and we
do not know and cannot know that they would
not have recommended every other work against
which the committee have reported. It is there-
fore wholly the action of the committee in rela-
tion to all other matters, and not of the Depart-
ment. That is what I desire to have known.
Mr. CLAY. It is proper that I should say
that the Senator is correct in that remaik; but, as
he will acknowledge, the committee, with a single
exception I believe, had agreed, m the first place,
that we would report no bills except for such
works as required an immediate appropriation to
save them from destruction, and I addressed the
Secretary with that view, to ascertain which they
were.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator, the chairman of the Committee on Com-
mode, at what time it will be convenient for him
to take up these bills for considei ation ;
Mr. CLAY. I would defer them indefinitely.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will give the hon-
orable chairman notice that on Tuesday of next ^
week, if he shall not object, I shall ask the Sen-
ate to take up these bills for consideration.
Mr. CLAY. If n is the nlea.su re of the Sen-
ate to defer all other bills which have piecodence,
of course I shall acquiesce with the best grace [
can.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives bv Mr. Allen*, Us Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrobed bill and '-evolution, which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
An act (S. No. 245) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Luther Jewett, hue collector
of the district of Portland and Falmouth, m the
State of Maine.
A resolution (S. No. 2) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury to audit and fettle the ac-
counts of the contractor for the erection of the
United States marine hospital at San Francisco,
California.
COMMITTEE ON CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. FITZ PAT RICK. I rise for the purpose
of asking the Senate to excuse me from serving
upon the Committee on Contingent Expensi-s. 1
piesume the Chair was not awaie of the fact that
1 was already on three committees when he placed
my name on that committee I think three is
|j about the highest number of committees any
h member is required to work on. All the commit-
j; tees upon which I am, are really laboring commit-
; tees. 1 am on the Committee on Printing, which,
i I presume, all will concede p'erforms some labor,
( and the Committee on Military Affairs, and the
Committee on Territories. But for that fact, I
| would not hesitate to perform the duties of this
j post with pleasure; but, really, to require of me,
j m addition to three others, to perform the duties
j of the committee upon which I have been recently
i placed, will entail upon me more labor than I think
| the Senate is inclined to entail upon any one of its
I members. I ask, therefore, that I be excused from
| serving on that committee.
1 Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ala-
, bama will consent to serve on that committee; for
i I believe it is an important one for the residue of
t the session. I dislike to interfere with him.
j Mr. F1TZPATR1CK. I-would not hesitate to
j perform the labors incident to that station, but for
I the fact that some of the committees upon which
j I am now, meet twice a week. I have been m
committee every day this week. The Committee
I on Printing ia very laborious. The Committee
: on Military Affairs is also very laborious; the
Committee on Territories is not so much so. But
i am very well assured that members can be found
in the Senate more competent, and perhaps more
willing, than I am to undertake the performance
of the duties of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses. I would not hesitate to do so, if I could;
1 but J really feel it impossible for me to perform
i the duties incident to that station, and to the other
1 committees of which I am a member. I trust,
■ therefore, that the Senate will excuse me.
; The motion was agreed to; and Mr. John-son,
i of Tennessee, was appointed to fill the vacancy,
j BILLS INTRODUCED.
! Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
; sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
i (S. No. 37) authorizing the President of the Uni-
i ted Siaies to give to the Government of Hanover
! the notice requtred*by the treaty of the 10th June,
j 1846, for the termination of the eleventh article
! of said treaty; which was read twice by its title,
i and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
■ tions.
; Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
j sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 364)
I to improve the channel of the Potomac river in
; the District of Columbia; which was read twice,
! and ordered to lie on the table.
! Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
J obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 365)
i authorizing the judges of the late Territory of
I Minnesota to discharge certain trusts; which was
' read twice by its title, and referred to the Corri-
. mittee on Public Lands.
j He also asked, and by unanimous consent
. obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 366) au-
| thorizmg the establishment of a northern Pacific
J mail route; which was rend twice by its title, and
i referred to the. Committee on the Post OiHce and
! Post Roads.
DE VISSER AXD VILI.ARUB1A.
s Air. KING submitted the following resolution
■ and asked for its immediate consideration:
| Tio.ioh'cl^ Tir.it the Secretary of the Trea-tirvbe directed
! to coiuijinnieare to the Senate wnat pioceedinu-, it'nny, have
I br en tit ken, to inv.M'.«,ife and pimMi the coinphem ot cus-
i torn house officer-, at New Otlo.uis vwih a p.imiei ot the
' eoiouieicid!  "iou>e ot Simon de W-er, aild Jo^e Villanibia
' nt New ia committing Anud« on the levenue by
; fal-e invoices ana laJse computations ot quantities and
vaiucs.
I Mr. SLIDELL. I have no sort of objection
' to make to any resolution of inquiry couehed in
the ordinary form, but this resolution if I heard
it correctly, conveys bv direct implication, the as-
1 sertion that some of the officers of the customs
in New Oilcans have been guilty of complicity in
: this fraud. 1 say that there is no shadow of found-
i ation "for that assertion, but it is assumed here us
' a fact. I am perfectly willing that any inquiry
1 should be made into the conduct of the officers, but
: tin*y must not be condemned befoie they are heard,
i 1 din sure the Senator from New Yoik must >>ee
1 that that is improper.
Mr. KING. I have no desire to prejudge this
1 case, but surely all who recollect the debate of
• yesteuiay, will remember that the assertion was
; made most clearly and distinctly by Senators,
j that these officers were implicated in frauds, and
