1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97-
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecorivpton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
called, with a view to ascertain whether there be
a quorum present.
Mr. STUART. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the Chair especially to the point of order
which was made upon me, and to show the Chair
that the Senator from Missouri has not recollected
the facts. There was a motion made to excuse a
Senator from voting. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] demanded the yeas and nays upon
that motion. The Chair remarked that he doubted
the propriety of moving to excuse a member who
was not present. Now, sir, that is a debatable
motion, to excuse a member, and I have the floor
on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no
hesitation in retracting an opinion expressed by
him when he believes that he was in error.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause; the Chair is speaking to the point of order.
The Chair doubts the propriety now of the motion
which he put to excuse the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, because the object he hud in having the
roll called was to ascertain whether there be a
quorum present; and he was wronginputtingthe
question on the motion to excuse the Senator from
Pennsylvania before the preceding question was
determined—whether thSre was a quorum, pres-
ent? if the case were before him again, with his
present opinions, the Chair would not entertain
the motion to excuse the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. STUART. But the motion now before the
Senate is to excuse the Senatorfrom Indiana; and
to that motion I rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no motion
before the Senate; and no question can be now
before the Senate except to ascertain the presence
of a quorum.
Mr. GREEN. That is it.
Mr. STUART. Will the Chair inform me what
has become of the motion that the Senator from
Indiana be excused from voting?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not entertain the motion, because he does not
know that there is a quorum to vote upon it.
Mr. STUART. Very well; what next?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will do
his best, in justice to all sides, to conduct the pro-
ceedings with regularity and propriety. The Sec-
retary will continue to call the names of absentees.
Mr. WADE. What is the question?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate. The Chair is trying to
ascertain whether a quorum of this body is pres-
ent. The Secretary will continue to call the list
of absentees.
The Secretary called the names of—
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Clay, Mr. Collamer,
Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Davis, Mr. Dixon, Mr.
Doolittle, Mr. Douglas, Mr. durkee,and Mr.
Evans.
Ofthesegentlemen,Mr. DixoNaloneanswered.
Mr. FESbENDEN was called.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to hear the rule
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What rulsdoea the
Senator desire to hear read ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The rule with reference
to voting on a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator has shown his
presence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will read
the sixteenth rule:
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one-fifth
of the members present, each member called upon, shall,
unless for special reason he be excused by the Senate,
declare openly and without debate, his assent or dissent to
the question."
The Secretary will proceed with the call.
The Secretary called the names of—
Mr. Fitzpatrick. No response.
Mr. Foot. " Present."
Mr. Foster. " Present."
Mr. Hale.
Mr. HALE. I was not in when the question
was put. I do not know the motion before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator shows
that he is present.
The Secretary continued to call the names of—
Mr. Harlan. "Present."
New Series—No. 7.
Mr. Houston. No response.
Mr. Hunter. No response.
Mr. Pearce. No response.
Mr. Reid. No response.
Mr. Seward. "Here."
Mr. Simmons. No response.
Mr. Sumner. No response.
Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky. No response.
Mr. Trumbull. "Here."
Mr. Wade. "Here."
Mr. Yulee. No response.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the call of
the yeas and nays, the yeas were 6, and the nays
24 —less than a quorum. The Chair being satis-
fied that there was a quorum present in the Cham-
ber, and on the suggestion also of Senators, di-
rected the vote to be called. Nine Senators who
did not vote, have answered to their names, which,
added to those who did vote, makes a quorum.
The names of those nine Senators are at the ser-
vice of the body.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, we have at-
tained a new stage in the deliberations of the Sen-
ate. The rule of this body requires that each
Senatorpresent shall vote when his nameis called.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to say to the Senator from Virginia, that
his next duty is to have the names of those Sen-
ators called in their order, that they may vote,
unless they be excused by the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I intended to make a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the names of those Senators who responded
to their names on the last calling of the roll, but
who did not vote when the question was put.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Chand-
ler.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is the question? I
was not present when it was put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question was
on adjournment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I vote to adjourn.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Dixon,
and he answered " nay."
Mr. PUGH. I hope we shall not pass the first
case. We may as well make a stand there.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator voted; that is all
you can ask.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Fkssen-
den.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask to be excused from
voting.
Mr. BROWN. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I believe, under our rules, that
request cannot be made, unless before the call
c oiy11 yl pnppa
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again refer Senators to the rule:
" When the yeas and nay4: slialj be called for by one fifth \
of the member* present, each member caiied upon shall, '
unices for special reason he be excused by the Senate, de-
clare openly, and without debate, his as&ent or dissent to
the question."
The Senator from Maine is now called upon to
vote for the first time. He asks to be excused,
but has assigned no reason. The Chair, how-
ever, will entertain the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the suggestion of the
Senator near me, under the circumstances of the
case, I withdraw my request to be excused, and
vote " yea."
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Foot.
Mr. FOOT. I vote "yea," but at the same
time I beg leave to say that I was not present when
the yeas and nays were called on the motion.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Foster,
and he voted " yea."
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Hale.
Mr. HALE. What is the question? I was not
in when the motion was put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
adjournment.
Mr. HALE. Does the rule require a Senator
to vote if he is not in the Chamber when the. ques-
tion is put?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now put.
Mr. HALE. I am ready to vote. I vote "yea."
The Secretary called the names of Messrs.
Hamlin, Seward, Trumbull, and Wade, and
they voted " yea."
The VICE PRESIDENT then announced the
result—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foot, Hale, Hamlm, Harlan,King, Seward, Staart,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAFS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Pitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Iverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mai- •
lory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON addressed the Chair.
*The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. I rise to what I believe is a priv-
ileged question; but I do not know that it is. I
understand that there has been a call upon the
members who were not here' when the question
was put on the last motion; and it appears by the
call that there were a good many absent mem-
bers. I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be di-
rected to procure the attendance of absent mem-
bers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was in
the act of addressing the Senate, and the Senator
did not obtain the floor. The Chair will hear
him in a moment, as soon as the Senate determ-
ines whether it will take the question by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. My proposition is to procure the
attendance of absent members. * I think it is the
privilege of the body to have the Senate full. I
move, therefore, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to procure the attendance of the absent
members. I have not had an opportunity to look
at the rules; butltakeitthisorderis in the power
of every House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
clined to think that the motion is in order.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator has made a mo-
tion, I should like to know what it is.
Mr. HALE. That the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to procure the attendance of absent raem-
beis.
Mr. GREEN. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. STUART. I submit that that cannot be
done. To lay a simple motion on the table is not
parliamentary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair inclines
to think that the motion to lay on the table is in
order. If that is carried, it is an expression of the
sentiment of the Senate, that they will not at this
time call for absent members.
Mr. SE WARD. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New Hampshire moves that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to bring in the absent Senators. The
Senator from Missouri moves to lay that motion
upon the table. Upon this the yeas and nays have
been ordered. Senators who are for laying the
subject on the table, will, when their names are
called, answer "yea;" those opposed to it will
answer " nay."
Mr. STUART and Mr. HAMLIN addressed
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HAMLIN. With the permission of the
Senatorfrom Michigan, I desire to say that in my
opinion, the Chair, in stating the motion, does not
state it in the language in which it was made by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I think there
is a great deal of force in the suggestion made by
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. PUGH. I call the Senator to order. The
motion to He on the table is not debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am making a suggestion to
the Chair in relation to the manner of proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is will-
