THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1 o.
that was made a ground for excusing the mer-
chants from the payment of duties, and excusing
them from the forfeitures and penalties.
Mr. SLIDELL. But that assertion was as dis-
tinctly repudiated.  This resolution makes the
charge, and asserts it as a fact.
Mr KING. It asks whether any proceedings
have been taken to'investigate them.
Mr. SLIDELL, It goes further, and assumes
complicity on their part.
Mr. BIGLER. What is the question under
consideration ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is, is there any objection to the present consider-
ation of the resolution ?
^ Mr. SLIDELL. I will not object to its con-
sideration, if it is put in proper terms.
Mr. ECING-. I will strike out the words, " to
punish."
1 _ Mr. SLIDELL. Say, <( any alleged compli-
city. "
Mr. ICTNG. Very well. The object is to pro-
cure information whether any proceedings have
been taken in the case. I understood from both
the Senators from Louisiana yesterday that there
was a probability of that complicity.
Mr. SL1 DELL. I did not say bo.
Mr. BIGLER. I object to the consideration
of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
being objected to, lies over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message ft om the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 38) for the relief of John R.
Temple, of Louisiana.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolution,
in which the eoncuircnce of the Senate was re-
quested :
A bill (No. 231) for the relief of Mary Rain-
bridge;
A bill (No. 294) for the relief of Stephen Bun-
nell; •
A bill (No. 2U2) for the relief of Margaret
Whiioheod;
A bill (No. 250) for the relief of Pierre Gagnon,
of Natchitoches, Louisiana;
A bill (No. ar>4) for the relief of William Hutch-
enson;
A bill (No. 2oG) for the lclicf of Oliver P.
Hovcy;
A lull (No. 2.">7) to increase the pension of
Henry E. Head, a citi/'-n of Kentucky, and for
other purposes;
A bill (No. for the relief of Isaac Car-
pen tor;
A bill (No. 2G1) for the relief of Leonard
Loomis;
A lull (No. 2(i I) granting a pension to Thomas
Alicoek, of Rochester, New York:
A bill (No. 27"2) for the relief of Bicvet Major
H. L. Kendr.ek;
A bill (No, 273) for the relief of ,Tohu E.
Cannon;
A bill (No, 327) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Marie Malines;
A bill (No. 332) for the relief of Richard B.
Alexander;
A bill (No. 334) for the relief of Simeon Sted-
man;
A bill (No. 335) for dm relief of Susannah
edmnn, widow of Lloyd Redman;
A bill (No. 577) for the relief" of Rebecca M.
Bowden, of iVinee (Jeoige county, Virginia;
A bill (No. o?iS) for the rein f of Isaac Drew,
and other settleis upon the public lands in the
State of Wisconsin; anu
A joint resolution (No. ]()) for the relief of
General Sylvesu r Chuiclnll.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER, tr is now within a few min-
utes of the time for the consideration of the special
order, and I move to take up the general appro-
priation bill. I think we can dispose of it very
soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
mind the Senate that, by a special order, to-day
was set apart for the consideration of business
relating to the District of Columbia. The Chair
calls the attention of Senators to the fact, and the
bill -which comes up first in order, is 
Mr. HUNTER. I understood, when we ad-
journed on Thursday, that the appropriation bill
would come up at twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. BROWN. That might have been the Sen-
ator's understanding, but it certainly was not
mine.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the ap-
propriation bill. It will not take long; we can
dispose of it in twenty or tliirty minutes. We
understand very well what the majority wish to
do; they can accomplish their purpose. We can
close up the bill and send it to the House of Rep-
resentatives in a short time.
Mr. BROWN. I must protest against that.
This day was set apart for the business of the
District of Columbia. Congress has exclusive
jurisdiction over the District, and yet it has not
had a day in six months for the consideration of
its business. I know very well if this motion to
take up the appropriation bill is agreed to, to-day
will be gone, utterly gone. We shall go into a
longdiscussion about the reporters again, and you
will not see the end of it for hours. I hope the
Senate will stand by their older, and give this
day to the business of the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the hour of taking
up the special oider is fixed too early in the day.
It lequires a whole half hour to get through the
petitions; and there is scarcely any opportunity
to do business before the special order is taken
up. If the hour was fixed at half past twelve
o'clock, we might accomplish agood deal of busi-
ness every morning, and I suggest that the special
order he postponed simply for the half hour.
The VJCR PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
mind the Senator of the exact state of the ques-
tion before the Senate. By special resolution, the
Senate determined to set apart this day for the
business of the District of Columbia. The Chair
will call up that business, and was going to an-
nounce a hill before the Senate, when the Senator
fiom Virginia moved to postpone.
Mr. HUNTER. I hone the Senate will de-
termine this question without debate. Let us not
waste the day m talking about the priority of busi-
ness.
M r. SHIELDS. I wish to ask (he Senator from
Virginia whether this clay has not been set apart
for District business, by a special otder of the
Senate? If so, I think it is much better to adhere
to that special order.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate will determine
the question. It seems to me it tan requne no ar-
gument. I hope we shall vote on it without de-
bate, and then go on with whatever business we
determine to take up.
Mr. EOVTE1L I suggest to the Senator from
Vuginia that he modify his motion by proposing
to postpone the spi eial order until one o'clock. I
think we can get through with the appropriation
bill by one o'clock.
Mr. 11UNTER. I have submitted the motion.
The Senate will determine it according to their
good ph a-uire. I
Mi. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied by my ex- j
pelience hero that it is of very little use to under- !
take to resist the Senator from Virginia. I think j
we had better let him have his bill up, and get it '
out of the way. We shall never be permitted to j
do anything so long as ho is in the way. I hope j
therefore that wo shall let him take it up. !
Mr. BROWN. I hope no such thing will be |
done, i protest against it in the name of justice
to this Dismet. Everybody knows the Senator
wni get his appropiuuion bills through. Who '
does not know it r
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays :
on the motion. ' ;
The yeas and nays wore ordered. !
Mr. DOOLITTL E. I move to amend the mo- j
tioy of the Senator from Virginia, as to post- j
pone the special order until one o'clock. ■
Mr. HUNTER. My motion is notcuncndable. 1
The Senator had better let the vote be taken on 1
the motion. Vote it down, or take up the bill; let 1
us decide the question. j
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. ;
After the yeas and nays have been called, is it I
competent to move an amendment ? i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
considering that question.
Mr. STUART. Certainly it is.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make an inquiry.
The effect of this motion will be to vacate or an-
| nul, for the present, the special order by which
I this day was assigned for the consideration of
! District business, will it not?
[ Mr. BROWN. The effect of it is to deprive
; the District of any chance at all during this ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote against the mo*
: tion for that reason.
| Mr. HUNTER,. I do not so understand it. I
I am willing to give them another day. I hope the
appropriation bill will not take more than half an
. hour.
I Mr. BROWN. It will last all day.
i Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my motion is in order,
jf it seems to me it accomplishes all that is desired
I on all sides. It gives the Senator from Virginia
i' an hour for his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChairdoubts
whether the Senator's motion is in order, as the
I! yeas and nays have been ordered on the motion
to postpone the prior orders.
!l The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Allen,"ttauud, Benjamin,Bigler,Brod-
> crick. < 'lav, Climnnaii. Cut ten den, Davis*, Dixon, Douglas,
,, Fit^patuck. G.ceu, Gwin. Hammond, Harlan, Henderson,
ILm-aon. Hunreu Iver-on, Johnson of Aikan^a^. Jones ,
■ folk, Ihce, Sebastian, Siidelt. Thomson of New
■ Jrr-ev, Toombs, TjumlmM. and Wright—31.
i NT\YS—Mi'-mv Roll, Bnylit, Drown, Chandler, Clark,
; Coll.miei, Doolutlo.Durkce. Fef-senden. Foot, Fo-tcr. llmn-
i lin, Johnson o' Tennessee, Kiair. Malloi v\ Scw<ud;Sfuelds,
' fchiuinons-, Stuait, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—22.
; So the motion to postpone all prior orders and
'' take up the legislative appropriation bill, was
j; agreed to.
1! Mr. BROWN. I hope, sir, that the proposi-
;! tion I om about to make will not be considered in
i any spirit of retaliation. I prepare bill after bill
: with great labor, and bring them to the Senate
'i and have (Jays set for their consideration, and
, then have them taken away from us in this man-
(' ner. i do not think it is exactly right. My labor
j_ amounts to nothing. I do not see that I am labor-
j, mg to any purpose. This proceeding, of course,
j; makes the District business utterly null and void,
[i Therefore, without meaning to be understood by
; any one as doing what I am about to do in any
! spirit of retaliation, I beg leave to tender my res-
, ignation as chairman of the Committee on the
, District of Columbia.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. Does (he Senator
: make any motion?
! Mr. BROWN. I move that T be excused from
, service as chairman of the committee.
M r. SLID ELL. I move that the consideration
: of that motion be postponed until to-morrow.
| Several Scnvtors. Let it he on the table.
I Mr. SLIDELL. I make that motion. I*et it
lie on the table.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
' Mississippi asks to be excused from further ser-
1 vice upon the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. The Senator from Louisiana moves that
j that question lie on the table.
! Mr. F ESSEN DEN. I do not think that would
j be respectful to the Senator from Mississippi.
! Mr. SEWARD. I ask for a division of the
) question.
i Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will state to the Senator
| from New Yoik that I moved, in the first instance,
I that the consideration of the motion be postponed
i until to-motrow, which, 1 was inclined to think,
, was the most courteous course towards the Sen-
, ator from Mississippi; but I was advised by gen-
tlemen about me to make the other motion to lay
■ on the table, it being more in conformity to usa°"c.
I suppose theie is really no material difference'.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I maybe pardoned
, for saying that I am not prepared to vote for ex-
l cusnvr the honorable Senator from hi? post. I
| think he has performed his duties well, and I think
, he ought to be allowed to bring his business be-
fore the Senate. He is the judge himself whether
■ this is the right way to manifest the spirit which
; he feels on the subject. I shall go with hirn, what-
| ever his purpose may be. I think this District is
1 entitled to this day, and that the Senator is enti-
tled to it, because the Senate has previously agreed
to give it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
