APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
ing to hear the suggestion; but if the Senator from
Ohio insists, I must 
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. PCJGH. I insist on it; if we are to have
this course of things, I call Senators on all sides
to order.
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
• the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, if he sustains the point of order of the
Senator from Ohio; and I suppose on that ques-
tion I may be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will be
good enough to come to order. The Senator from
Michigan takes the appeal on the same point, I
believe, that the Senator from Maine proposes to
take his appeal.
Mr. HAMLIN. On this appeal, which has
been taken, I only desire to state to the Chair
what I think is material. I have r;sen for no other
purpose. I heard the Senator from Virginia 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for
a moment? If it will relieve the Senate from any
embarrassment, although I have no doubt on the
question, I will withdraw my motion, and allow
the vote to be taken directly on the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire, to send for the
absentees, so that we may see whether the Sen-
ate means to send for them or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered,and it requires unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the motion. Is consent given
that the motion be withdrawn ?
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Chair will allow
me to proceed on the appeal which the Senator
from Michigan or myself has taken from the rul-
ing of the Chair. 1 believe it is a debatable ques-
tion.
Mr. PUG1I. I want to find out whether that
appeal is debatable. I object to your proceeding
until the Chair decides it.
Mr. HAMLIN". I only want to state the form
of the question, and I will state it. What is the
decision of the Chair5
Mr. STUART. There is nothing for the Chair
to decide.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Llamnshiie moved that the Sergeant-at-Arrns
be directed to go after the absent Senators. The
Senator from Missouri moved to lay that motion
upon the table The Senator from Michigan
raised the point of order that the motion of the
Senator from Missouri is not in order. The Chair
decided it to be m order. From that decision the
Senator from Michigan appeals. The question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I propose to say aword
on that .ippeai.
Mr. PUGIL I object that that is not a debat-
able appeal, because the motion to lay on the ta-
ble is not debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us hear what the Chair
says.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Since the present
occupant has been in this chair no question has
ever arisen m regard to the point whether appeals
are debatable or not. The rules say that the Chair
must decide every question of 01 der without de-
bate, subject to an appeal to the Senate. Whether,
when an appeal is taken, that appeal is debatable
or not, the Chan* must decide according to the
usage of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The uniform practice of the
Senate, without exception, has been to allow de-
bate on appeals.
Mr. HALE. As a matter of history, if the
Chair will indulge me, I will say that a few years
ago, when Mr. Dallas presided over this body,
this very question was laised. I remember that
Mr. Dallas suggested that the appeal must be de-
cided without debate; but the late Mr. Berrien,
who was then on this floor, a Senator from Geor-
gia, immediately suggested that that would be to
paralyze the Senate by the will of an officer not
of their own selection, and that, when he had de-
cided a question, and an appeal was taken from
his decision, that was always open to debate.
Mr. Dallas retracted the opinion which he had
advanced, upon the suggestion of Mr. Benien. I
believe it has always been considered that an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On a question of
order?
Mr. HALE. On a question of order.
Mr. GREEN. The uniform rule of parliament-
ary law is this: if the question itself is debata-
ble 
Mr. STUART. I call the Senator from Mis-
souri to order.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; state the point of
order.
Mr. STUART. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will state his point of order.
Mr. STUART. I call him to order.
Mr. GREEN. On what ground ?
Mr. STUART. The Chair has arrested the
Senator from Missouri to decide the question of
order; and, while the Chair is deciding it, no Sen-
ator has a right to say a word on the subject.
Mr. GREEN. He has not arrested me.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Maine.
Mr. GREEN. Correct yourself, not me.
Mr. STUART. I stated the fact. My point
of order is, that the Chair having arrested the Sen-
ator from Maine upon the point of order made by
the Senator from Ohio, that this is not a debata-
ble question, until the Chair decides that point no
Senator has a right to say a word.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to do justice 
Mr. STUART. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senators will
both take their seats, the Chair will say a single
word. The Chair decided the point of order with-
out debate. The Senator from Michigan took an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. The ques-
tion is, whether that appeal is debatable.. Such
a question has not arisen since I have occupied
this chair, and I was disposed, with the consent
of the Senate, to take the experience of a few of
the older Senators on that point, and to be gov-
erned by the practice of the body.
Mr. STUART. I have 110 objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I think it is a very
plain mode of proceeding.
Mr. MASON. Will the Chair be good enough
to state the judgment that is appealed from? I
did not hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moved thattheSergeant-at-Ai ms
be directed to go after the absent members. The
Senator from Missouri moved to lay that motion
upon the table. The Senator from Michigan
raised the point of order that the motion of the
Senator from Missouri could not be entertained.
The Chair decidcd that motion to be in order, as
the effect of its adoption would be the expression
of a purpose on the part of the Senate not to send
for the absent Senators, but to lay aside the con-
sideration of that matter. The Senator from Mich-
igan appealed from the decision of the Chair
deciding that the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri was in order. The Senator from Maine
proposes to debate that appeal. What the Chair
desires to know is, whether, by the practice of
this body, appeals from the decision of the Chair
on points of order have been debatable. He heard
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and would be glad to*hear other brief sug-
gestions to the point from any Senator who is
aware of the practice. The Senator from Maine
is on the floor, and the Chair will hear what he
desires to say.
Mr. GW1N. Will the Senator from Maine
permit me to ask the Chair a question ?
Mr. ETAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to ask whether, when
there is a quorum present—and the last vote
showed thirty-nine Senators to be here—it is in
order to move to send for absent Senators ?
Mr. JONES. It is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has de-
cided that question.
Mr. MASON. The Constitution of the United
States declares that44 each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members, and a majority of each shall
constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller
; number may adjourn from day to day, and may
| be authorized to compel the attendance of absent
I members, in such manner and under such penal-
ties as each House may provide." The eighth
rule of the Senate has this provision:
" No member shall absent himself from the service of the
Senate without lu<ive of the Senate first obtained. And in
case a less number than a quorum of the Senate shall con-
vene, they are hereby authorized to send the Sergeant-at-
Anns, or any otliei person or persons, by them authorized,
foi any or all absent members!, as the majonty of such mem-
ber-!'present shall agree, at the expense of such absent mem-
beis, respectively, unless such excuse for non-attendance
shall be made, as the Senate, wlien a quorum is convened,
shall judge sufficient, and in that case the expense shall be
paid out of the contingent tund. And this mle shall apply
as well to the first convention of the Senate at the legal
time of meriting, as to each day of the session after the hour
haa arrived to winch the Senate stood adjourned."
Now, I think it is very manifest from the Con-
stitution constituting this body, that there is no
power to send for absent members, unless there
is not a quorum in attendance, and when there is
no quorum in attendance, the eighth rule points
out the mode in which it can be done, and it can-
not be done by more than a quorum.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the uniform practice.
Mr. HAMLIN. The rule which the Senator
from Virginia has just read, confers upon a num-
ber in this body less than a quorum the power to
do certain things without which rule they would
be powerless. Because it has conferred upon a
number less than a quorum a power to compel
the attendance of absentees, does it follow as a
matter of course that a quorum cannot compel
the attendance of those who are absent, if there
is a quorum present ? Far from it. But that is
not the point to which 1 rose, and jf Senators had
not interrupted me, I should not havedetained the
Senate more than a single moment. I rose be-
cause the Senator from Virginia had made a sug-
gestion in which I thought there was much force.
He stated this evening that it had been the uniform
practice of the Senate up to this time to direct the
Sergeant-at-Arms to request the attendance of ab-
sent Senators.
Mr. MASON. For want of a quorum.
Mr. HAMLIN. No matter whether there was
or was not a quorum. The Chair in his state-
ment of the question to the Senate put it in this
way: Will the Senate direct the Sergeant-at-Arms
to bring in the absent members ? and that was the
point to which I rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the lan-
guage of the motion.
Air. HAMLIN. Then I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will modify his motion so that
it shall conform to what has been the uniform
practice of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will do that.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all I had to say. I
now withdraw my appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STUART. It is my appeal.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
Mr. STUART. I yielded the floor to the Sen-
ator from Maine. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I wish to ask the Chair a
question. The decision, I understand, from which
the Senator from Michigan appealed, was a de-
cision th*t a motion to lay on the table another
motion was in order. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable. Now, can a non-debatable
question be made debatable by some collateral
motion in relation to it?
Mr. STUART. I have yielded the floor a good
many times to-day, and am willing to yield it a
good many times more; but I should have got
through long ago with what I had to say if Sen-
ators had allowed me the privilege. I have not
the slightest disposition to raise any controversy
here m the Senate; on the contrary, I intend to
exert every power that I have to prevent it. Upon
this point I wish to suggest to the Chair, in obe-
dience to his own request, that every question of
order, either put by the Chair to the Senate,
taken from the Chair on an appeal to the Senate,
is debatable in the very nature of the question.
There is a provision in one of our rules that a
question of order is to be decided, without debate,
by the Chair, but that means a question whether
i a Senator is in order in debate; it does not mean
I any other question of order. When a Senator is
] called to order the Chair is to decide the question
I whether he is in order or not. It is also provided
! m the same rule that the Chair may submit tho
