1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$1
a measure to which he would not commit himself
on paper. I will not believe that lie wishes us to
run our necks into the lialterof disunion and civil
war before he takes the lead and points the way.
The absence of a recommendation in the message
shows that no man can, consistently with the
President's dignity of character, assert that he is
in favor of this measure. Then I say, let us re-
store peace to the country by ignoring the irreg-
ular convention at Lccompton, by ignoring that
irregular convention at Topeka, by passing an
enabling act in proper form, authorizing the
people to form a constitution and State govern-
ment for themselves. Such an act will restore
peace to the country in ninety days. In fact,
the day you pass it everything will be quiet in
Kansas.
The people of Kansas will then see that Con-
gress is going to carry out in good faith the prin-
ciple of self-government. They will see that Con-
gress is going to allow them to have slavery, if
they want it, and to prohibit it if they do not
want it. They will see that Congress is going to
allow them to make their own constitution and
laws in their own way. The moment they dis-
cover that impartiality is to prevail, and justice
is to be carried out, they will be content; all will
be quiet; there will be peace at the North, peace
at the South, peace in the Democratic party,
peace throughout the whole country. I trust that
we shall discuss this question in calmness, in
good humor, and in a kind and rcspectful spirit,
as we have discussed it to-day.
Mr. GREEN. I do not propose to notice the
exhortation of the honorable Senator. It is only
his argument and the points of difference between
us that deserve investigation, and to them I shall
direct my attention. He mistakes entirely when
he assumes that I admitted that the slavery
branch of this controversy must, of necessity,
under the law, be submitted to the people. I said
just the contrary. I said it was a question with
the convention of the people of Kansas Terri-
tory. They were under no responsibility or ob-
ligation, legal or otherwise, to submit any branch
of the result of their labors to a subsequent vote
of the people at the polls; but I remarked that if
they saw proper, if they deemed it a matter of
propriety to submit that question,as it had been
a matter of controversy, there was more pro-
priety in submitting it as a separate question, for
that was the only way to submit it in order to
get a fair decision of that question and nothing
else. That was my position.
But the Senator says that four fifths of the peo-
ple there aie against the constitution. He assumes
this; he has no evidence of it; and I doubt his
right to make the charge in the Senate. He says
that the only reason why the convention did not
submit the constitution to the people, was because
they said it would be voted down. Some indi-
vidual may have said so. I do not believe it my-
self. I believe that it meets the approbation of
a large majority of the people of Kansas Terri-
tory. All these charges are only so many pre-
texts gotten up for ulterior purposes, to keep up
that speculation and that fanaticism to which the
Senator, with his influence, makes himself an un-
willing coadjutor; for I know he does not aim at
that.
When he says that no people ought to have a
constitution forced down their throats, and that
when a majority are not in favor of it, that it is
not republican, he utters a truism that nobody
denies; and he must not expect to lead me from
the real points between us, by any such asser-
tions. If the non-submission of the constitution
to the people of Kansas is forcing down their
throats a constitution which they do not want,
and if it be anti-republican, then Illinois came
into the Union anti-republican, with a constitu-
tion forced down the throats of her people.
1 refer to that for the purpose of proving the
fallacy of his argument. It does not follow
because the people have not voted on a question
forty times that they have not been heard. They
voted on it when they elected members to repre-
sent them in convention. How often would you
have them repeat it? If this constitution was
submitted to them now, perhaps they would raise
the same objection again, and we should hear
the Senator say, " do not force this down the
throats of the people of Kansas;" and so it would
go on ad ittfnihm, with no limit. The true
policy of this Government has been, as I hold, to
adhere to the legal presumptions. The legal
presumptions are that the people speak and act
on all such questions when they form their con-
vention and shape the constitution ; and the peo-
ple may instruct their convention as they deem
best; and even if they violate their instructions,
the Senator from Illinois cannot step in between
a representative and his constituents. It is still
a question between them. We cannot interpose.
I had thought that non-intervention was to be
the principle of action on the part of Congress,
and that the Senate would not intervene. Will
the Senator set himself up as a judge whether
Mr. Calhoun, or any other member of the con-
vention, did right or wrong? To his own mas-
ters he is responsible, and by their verdict he
stands or falls. His constituency constitute the
master, and not the Senate of the United States.
Why shall we therefore review it? Why shall
we call it in question ? They have had every sub-
mission of the question that a majority of the
States of the Union have had, and now to say,
that, because they have not had more, it is anti-
republican, coercive, forcing it down their throats,
is to say that a majority of the States have been
thus tyrannically dealt with—one of which States
the Senator represents, another I represent, and
another, the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] represents, and another of them
is the State of Florida.
So I might name more than seventeen out of
the thirty-one States which never had a vote on
their constitutions before they were admitted into
the Union. Are they republican ? Yes. Were
they submitted to the people? Yes; but the
people in those cases spoke through their repre-
sentatives. Had the people of Kansas the same
opportunity to speak through their represent-
atives? Yes. Was the convention in Kansas as
legal as it was in Illinois? Yes. Was it as reg-
ular—was it as fair? Was the qualification of
voters as just and as reasonable ? Yes. Where-
fore, then, will Congress apply a rule in the one
case that was not applied in the other? Where-
fore will you assume that one is anti-republican
and the other republican ? that the one is a coerced
measure, forced down the throats of the people,
and the other perfectly fair, and just, and pop-
ular? No, Mr. President, it is a mere assumption.
More than that, when the gentleman says that
the people ought to rule, there is not a Senator
in this Chamber who dissents; but it is of no use
to dwell on points of perfect agreement. Let us
come to the points of difference. Do the people
act through the convention, or is it possible that
the people can act in no way except by mass
meeting? It may be that the people of Kansas
did not wish to undergo the expense, and excite-
ment, and danger, and tumult, of an election.
Ten thousand considerations may have entered
into it, and we have every presumption that the
people were as fairly heard and as fairly repre-
sented as in any other convention that ever sat
in this Federal Union.
Such being the case, I hold that I have more
legal evidence that this is the people's work, that
this is the people's constitution, than he has to
assume that four fifths of the people would vote
it down. His is a mere assertion; mine is a legal
presumptions Mine is in accordance with the
principles of law, with the usage of constitutional
representative government; his is the opposite in
every particular. Judge ye, then, between us,
whether I defend the people, constitutionally,
justly, fairly, or whether I seek to trample down
the voice of the people. The Governor of Kan-
sas Territory told them " you ought to vote; if
you have got the numbers, control it." If they
had the numbers, is it not reasonable to suppose
they would have voted ? Knowing they did not
have the numbers, they wanted to keep up a
pretext for a revolutionary and insurrectionary
measure, and that insurrectionary, rebellious por-
tion of Kansas is to be reckoned as four fifths of
the people of that Territory.
More than that, sir, the people of Kansas have
this question submitted to them as a matter of
propriety, not a matter of necessity, not a matter
of compulsion. Kansas can come into the Union
as a majority of the States have come in. Kansas
has a repubfican form of government. As to
the questions of boundary and of numbers, why
bring them up at this late period of the discussion ?
On Wednesdaylast, whett I thought the ingenious
mini of the Senator had scanned the whotaques-
tion from the beginning to the end, and had
hunted up all the objections he deemed tangible
and worthy of consideration, he said not one
word as to the boundary of Kansas; he said not
one word as to the numbers of Kansas. Where-
fore, then, refer to it now? To lead me from the
point under consideration ? No; but because, I
suppose, hewished to name certain matters which
Congress might consider if they deemed it proper
to consider them. Nobody controverts that. This
is not an attempt on the part of the Administra-
tion or of its friends to coerce the people. It is,
however, an attempt on our part to sustain the
will of the people. That will has been fairly and
legally expressed. We have all the presumptions
in that way, and we have none whatever against
it.
But the honorable Senator brings out another
objection. True, he does not claim the right to
supervise the proceedings of the convention; but
he is very fond of naming defects that the people •
ought to have an opportunity to pass upon; and,
amongst others that he names, is the mode of
amending the constitution. All I have to say is,
that the Senator is mistaken. In all the sovereign,
independent States in this Government, the peo-
ple being organized—the people being political
communities—there are two ways for the State to
make a change. One is for the Slate, as a gov-
ernment, to make a change of its form of govern-
ment. Its government is composed of its officers '
—a Senate, House of Representatives, Governor,
and so on. The constitution generally points out
a method by which the government may effect a
change in the constitution. There is also an
original power of change behind, superior to and
overtowering that bjr which the people may call
a convention, and this convention, acting in con-
formity with the conslituted authorities, may be
called regularly, as was that of Kansas, and form
a constitution and adopt it themselves, or submit
it as they please to the people.
Now, let us take the case of Kansas and ex-
emplify. Four fifths of the people, says the Sen-
ator, are on his side. In other words, four fifths
of them are opposed to the constitution. In the
very first Legislature that meets there will be four
fifths of the Senate and House, and the whole of
the Governor, in favor of a convention. Four
fifths of both Houses, and the whole Governor—•
because we cannot parcel him out—will pass a
law calling a convention. They will make just
such a constitution as they please, and four fifths
of the people will ratify it, if you will have it sub-
mitted for a vote; and after that, those four fifths
will elect another Governor, another House of
Representatives, another Senate, and fill all the
offices of State. I do not apprehend any conflict
of authority. This thing has been done ten thou-
sand times, to speak by mere way of hyperbole;
it has been done an indefinite number of times.
The question in the Rhode Island case was en tirely
different from this. It was there the people act-
ing in opposition to the government. The initia-
tive steps for a change of government were not
taken by the government itself, and of that there
was complaint. I do not pretend to go into the
question whether that was rightful or wrongful.
1 haveaboutenough points to considernow with-
out lugging in unnecessary ones. I do say, how-
ever, that it has never been held, and will not be
held by the Senator himself when he reflects on
it, that if four fifths of the people of Kansas de-
sire to change their constitution they cannot do
it in three months if they please.
Mr. DOUGLAS. By revolution.
Mr. GREEN. A revolution instituted by the
government itself, conducted by the government
itself, a change effected in such a manner as does
not conflict with the government. It was done
in the Senator's own State. Was that revolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was done in conformity
with the constitution there, not in opposition to it.
Mr. GREEN. There is one part of the con-
stitution of Kansas which is worthy of being con-
sidered, for it bears on this subject.
"All political power"—
Say the people of Kansas, speaking through
their convention—
"is inherent in the people, and all free governments are
founded on their authority, and instituted tor their benefit,
and therefore they have at all "times an inalienable and
