1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—-Mr. Green.
Senate.
question of order to the Senate. Does not the
Chair see that the moment a question of order is
submitted to the Senate each Senator is at liberty
to give his reasons for his vote upon it? The Chair
has that right. When the Chair is called upon to
decide a question of order, there is no human power
that can prevent him from stating the grounds on
which he dccides it. You would stultify him if
it were otherwise. So, when an appeal is taken
to the Senate each Senator is called upon to vote,
and he is not to vote sub silentio. He has a right
to state the grounds on which he bases his opin-
ion; and, therefore, the Chair will see at aglance
that, without restriction, every appeal from the
President to the Senate is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator that he has not decided that it
is not debatable.
Mr. STUART. So I understood; but I also
understood the Chair to say that he desired the
opinion of some Senators on that question, and
it was in obedience to that suggestion that I was
giving my opinion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to debate the appeal?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the Senator.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to delain the
Senate on this topic. I am satisfied that the
ground assumed by the Senator from Virginia is
correct; that the motion made by the Senator
from New Hampshire itself is not in order; that
it is not a power which attaches to any portion
of the Senate, unless there is not a quorum pres-
ent. The Chair will allow me to say further,
with great respect, that I do not think he had any
power to cause the roll to be called. The Chair
can do what the rules authorize him to do. The
eighth rule, read by the Senator from Virginia,
authorizes the Senate, when less than a quorum
is convened, to take measures to bring in the ab-
sentees at their own expense. That is the extent
of their authority. Now, sir, upon this ques-
tion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
allow the Chair to interrupt him with a sugges-
tion ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire, in the language
in Which it is now put, is simply that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to request the attend-
ance of absent Senators. Doe£ the Senator from
Michigan think there is any objection to the mo-
tion in that form ?
Mr. STUART. I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
before the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, the Senator from
Missouri moves to lay that motion on the table.
The Senate may refuse to agree to the motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire, hut I submit
to the consideration of the Chair, that a motion
which connects with it no papers, no substance,
no subject, cannot be laid on the table, any more
than a motion to adjourn can. I know there is
another reason connecting itself with the motion
to adjourn; but it is a mere motion. A motion
to adjourn over to a particular day, or anything
that rests on a mure motion, connecting itself with
no bill, no papeis, nothing that is substantial,
cannot be laid upon the table. I was about to
say—and it is really all the desire I had on this
subject—that I made an effort to-day, and I should
like to make it again, to have the Senate come to
some understanding by which we shall progress
in some mode that will correspond with the dig-
nity of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
suspend for a moment? The Chair must request
Senators on all sides to preserve order. The buzz.
in the Chamber is so great that the Chair cannot
hear the Senator from Michigan. Senators will
be good enough to come to order.
Mr. STUART. I was about to say that I de-
sire that there shall be some arrangement made,
some understanding in the body, by which we
shall proceed with this discussion in a manner
corresponding with the dignity of the Senate and
the importance of the question; and so long as the
discussion is of a proper character, it ought to be
permitted to proceed, so that each Senator may
be heard, and heard at a proper time. I should
be glad to have that done; I should be glad to
ma£e any arrangements to perfect it; but, sir, I
havejio purpose—and I beg to say to the Chair
and to the Senate, that whatever may result from
this controversy, I hope to be able to maintain a
proper feeling myself, and a proper respect for
everybody. It is obvious, however, that if this
course of proceeding is to go on, a mere question
of endurance at this stage of the debate, we shall
hardly be able to keep ourselves within that rule.
Heoce it was that I desired that no decision
should be made either by the Chair or the Senate
in the haste or under the excitement of the occa-
sion, which might be deemed improper hereafter;
and it was for that reason, and that alone, that I
took the appeal at this time, and with great reluc-
tance, for it would give me vastly more pleasure
to sustain the Chair, than to oxeirule him on any
occasion; but I insist that it is not in order to
move to lay a mere motion on the table.
Mr. MASON. I wish only to add a word to
what has fallen from the Senator from Michigan.
My impressions strongly are that he is right in his
suggestion that it is not in order, in the Senate at
least, to move to lay a motion on the table. I think
there is such a practice in the House of'Repre-
sentatives. How it arose there, 1 do not know:
whether it is under rule or under usage; but I do
not recollect of any proposition in the Senate to
lay a motion on the table. I have been confirmed
in that impression by a recurrence to the Manual,
which is a pait of our rules; which, with the per-
mission of the Senate, I will read, as it is very
brief:
" When the Ilou^e has something else which claims its
present attention, but would he willing to iGserve in their
powei io take up a proposition whenever it shall Hilt them,
thf>y nrrlpi n to lie on their table. It may then be. called Cor
at any time."
That refers altogether to propositions; it cannot
refer to a motion. In my recollection of the usage
of the Senate, I have never known a motion made,
or to prevail if it were made, to lay a mere motion
on the table.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the leave of
the Senate the Chair will very briefly state the
grounds of his decision. The Senator from New
Hampshire moved that the Seigeant-at-Anns be
directed to request the attendance of absent Sen-
ators. The Senator from Missouri moved to lay I
that motion on the table. The Chair decided the !
motion of the Senator from Missouri to be in or- j
der. From this decision the Senator from Mich- 1
igan appeals. The question is, whether the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire was of \
a character which could be hud on the table. The |
Chair considers the word " proposition" in the \
clause read by the Senator fiom Virginia to be of |
very broad significance and covering a motion, j
A motion is a form of proposition. It is a ques- ;
tion. It was under debate. The question was, j
shall the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request j
the attendance ofabsentmemhers r It is not for the !
Chair to say that it is not in the power of the Sen- '
ate to declare that they will lay aside, for laying on |
the table is nothing more than layingaside the con- |
sideration of that question, proposition, or motion, !
to wit: directing the Serjeant-at-Arms to request '
the attendance of absent Senators. There is a rule
of the Senate which the Chair supposes to bear
somewhat on this point. "When a question is ;
underdehnte"—the word is very broad—" no mo-
tion shall be received but to adjourn, to lie on the i
table, to postpone indefinitely," dec. The Chair i
thinks that the effect of voting to lay this motion |
on the table is nothing more than the expression :
of the purpose of the Senate not to consider at ;
this time the motion or proposition of the Senator |
from New Hampshiie to direct the Sergeant-at- !
Arms to request the attendance of absent mem- ;
bers. This is the ground of the decision. The j
Chair will put the appeal. !
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to remark that
all I had to say has already been said by the Chair, 11
and said in a manner more clear and explicit than
I could possibly say it myself. I made a motion I
to lay a proposition on the table. The Chair ,i
entertained it. A question of order was raised ;j
whether a motion could be laid on the table. A ii
motion is a proposition. Every resolution is a
motion; every motion is a resolution; and there
is no distinction between them. If any member
of the Senate chooses to require that that propo-
sition be reduced to writing, it must be put in the
shape of a motion. There is, therefore, no dis-
tinction, no question between the Senator "from
Michigan and myself. The Senator from New ,
Hampshire moved a certain proposition, I moved
to lay that proposition on the table. He says that
a motion to lay another motion on the table can-
not be entertained because that may be reconsid-
ered and taken up at any time.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. - .
Mr. GREEN. What then ? So of the motion
to reconsider; and I have heard him move to re-
consider a vote that has been taken; and when that
motion to reconsider has been made, I have also-
heard him move to lay that motion on the table.
Here js a motion hud on the table, and it has been
the uniform practice of the Senate.
On the other question of order I shall not take
one moment of time, for the reason that I esteem
the decision of the Chair to be right, correct, and
proper. With reference to the idea of the Sena-
tor from Michigan, that the Chair could not en-
tertain the appeal because a motion to lay it on
the table was out of order, that seems to me so
in conflict with the ordinary practice of the Sen-
ate, so in conflict with the principles of parlia-
mentary law, that there can be no difficulty on
that subject. Any proposition,any*notion$any
order, anything pending before the Senate, may
b« laid on the table. You may present it in the
shape of a motion, proposition, bill, petition, or
anything else, and you may then move to lay it
on the table. There is now a motion pending;
and if 1 had chosen to exact it of the Senator
from New Hampshire, he would be compelled to
reduce it to writing in thisfrom: " Ordered, That
the Sergeant-at-Ai ms be directed to send for the
absentees." That would be his resolution; that
is his motion. The fact that I ha^e not chosen
to require him to reduce it to writing does not
lessen my rights on the question pending before
the Senate. When that resolution, proposition,
or motion, is pending, I may choose to move to
lay it on the table, and the Senate has the right -
so to order, there being a quorum present author-
ized to transact business. I will not consume the
time of the Senate. 1 know the Senator from
Michigan is mistaken in his point of order. I
know that a motion and a resolution are really
the same; that the one is reduced to writing, and
the other may be reduced to writing, if any Sen-
ator so requires. They are the same; there is no
distinction between them. I shall not consume
time, but ask for a vote on the point now pending
before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. What is the question before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. SEWARD. I understood that the Chair
had invited the opinion of Senators on the ques-
tion whether the appeal from the Chair was de-
batable.
The VICE PRESIDENT There seems to
be a general understanding in the Senate, several
Senators, without contradiction, stating that it
had been the custom of the body to debate ap-
peals, and the Chair theiefore listened to debate.
Mr. HALE. I was going to say a word or two,
because I do not wish to sec a bad precedent set
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
heard debate on the appeal, and he will hear the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to thank the Senator from
Missouri for not compelling me to reduce my mo-
tion to writing. [Laughter.] That is a little
favor.
Mr. GREEN. I know the Senator is not a good
scrivener, and therefore I excuse him.
Mr. HALE. If lie had insisted on it I should
have asked the clerk to write it for me. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, I want to be serious. I do not
want a bad example set here at this time. I think
a decision or an intimation sustained by grave
Senators-that an appeal from the decision of the
Chair is not debatable would be very dangerous,
and very alarming to the liberties of the Senate.
