m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
indefeasible right to alter, reform, or abolish their form of
government in such manner as they may think proper."
That is a part of the constitution of Kansas.
Surely, therefore, the regular government of Kan-
sas can institute a proceeding which will result
in the exercise-.of those inalienable and indefeas-
ible rights in perfect and entire reformation of
the constitution. There is no question on this
point; there is no difficulty in it. It is a very
little thing brought in as a makeweight.
Mr. DOUGLAS. At the desire of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] I renew the
motion to postpone the farther consideration of
this question until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Jones, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 16, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m., in the
new Hall of Representatives in the south wing
of the Capitol extension.
Rev. Andrew G-. Carothers, pastor of the
Assembly's Church of Washington City, offered
up the following prayer:
Glorious and Eternal Jehovah ! The Supreme
Governor of the Universe, we bow before thy
throne. We most humbly beseech thee to regard
with thy favor all who are in authority, the Prcs-
identand the Vice President of the United States,
the Senators and Representatives in Congress as-
sembled, the Presiding Officer of this House, and
all who are intrusted with executive, legislative,
and judicial responsibilities. May this Hall, now
dedicated by thy servants, the Representatives of
the people, as the place wherein the political and
constitutional rights of our countrymen shall ever
be maintained and defended, be a temple of honor
and glory to this land. Let the deliberations and
decisions of this Congress advance the best in-
terests of our Government, and make our nation
the praise of the whole earth, for Christ's sake.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love
of God and the communion of the Holy Spirit be
with you all. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
'reference of a bill.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the reference of the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
donating public land to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts. The
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] to refer said bill to the Committee on
Public Lands was agreed to yesterday, and the
question now recurred on the motion to refer as
amended.
The motion as amended was agreed to; and
the bill was accordingly referred to tile Committee
on Public Lands.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the accounts of the Treasurer
of theUnited States for the third and fourth quar-
ters of 1856, and the first and second quarters of
1857; which were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a report from the Comptroller of the
Treasury, showing the balances which were due
for more than three years prior to the 1st of July
last upon the books of the Second, Third, Fourth,
and Fifth Auditors of the Treasury; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER, also by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communica-
tions from the clergy of the District of Colum-
bia:
Wishivgton, December 15. 18T)7.
Sir: The paper heiewitlunclosed contains a list of the
names of cleigymen present at a meeting called to-day, to
consider the i evolutions pissed by the Senate and House
of Ropiesentatives regaiJmg the chaplaincy. In pursu-
ance of a lesolution passed at that inectma, other names
may be reported to the undersigned to be added to this list.
1 have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, GEORGE W. SAMSON.
To the Hon, the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
. Washington, December 15, 1857.
The undersigned, clergymen of the District of Columbia,
in response to tberesolutioas recently passed by the House,
inviting them to open with prayer the daily sessions of the
House of Representatives, hereby respectfully tender their
services for that purpose.
Rev. D. CALL, Methodist Episcopal.
" E. T. BlTTfNGER, Presbyterian.
u T. II. BOCOOK, D. D., Presbyterian.
« B. N. BROWN, Methodist Episcopal.
" J. G. BUTLE1, English, Lutheran.
" A. G. CAROTHERS, Presbyterian.
" YV. H. CHAPMAN, Methodist Episcopal.
" G. D. CUMMINS, D.D.. Protestant Episcopal.
" G. S. DEAL, Methodist Episcopal.
" S. I). FINCICEL, German Lutheran
(< JABEZ FOX, New Jerusalem Church.
" J. C. GRANBERY, Methodist Episcopal.
(i P. D. GURLEY, D. I)., Presbyterian.
(( C. II. HALL, Protestant Episcopal.
" W. A. HARRIS, Protestant Episcopal.
" J. A. HARROLD, Protestant Episcopal.
" T. N. HASKELL, Presbyterian.
" S. V. HILL, D. D., Baptist.
" A. I10LMEAD, Protestant Episcopal.
« B. KINGSFORD, D. I)., Baptist.
u WILLIAM KREBS, Methodist Episcopal,
" JOHN LANAHAN, Methodist Episcopal.
" J. MORSELL, Protestant Episcopal.
« J. J. MURRAY, D. D., Methodist Protestant.
" SMITH PYNE, D. D., Protectant Episcopal.
« SAMUEL REGISTER. Methodist Episcopal.
" SAMUEL ROGERS, Methodist Episcopal.
G. W. SAMSON, Baptist.
" II. N. SIPES, Methodist Episcopal.
« P>. SUNDERLAND, D. D., Preshiterian.
" F SWKNTZEL, M. D., Methodist Protestant.
" SEPTIMUS TUSTIN, Presbyterian.
The SPEAKER then stated that i*esolutions
were in order from the State of Vermont.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. QUITMAN. On yesterday an order was
made for the printing of some documents relating
to the contested election from Nebraska. I now
ask leave to have referred to the Committee of
Elections, and printed, together with the accom-
panying documents, the memorial of Bird B.
Chapman, contesting the seat of Fenner Fer-
guson, the sitting Delegate from the Territory of
Nebraska.
There being no objection, the papers were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. CLEMENS obtained the floor.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to what I believe to be
a privileged question. The House having moved
into the new Hall, it strikes me that the first thing
that ought to be attended to is the passage of a
resolution similar to the one adopted in the old
Hall, providing for the drawing for seats.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have obtained the floor
for that purpose. I offer the following resolution,
and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House immediately after
the palace of this involution, place in a box, the name of
each Member and Delegate of the House of Representa-
tives, wntten on asepaiate slip of paper; that he then pro-
ceed, in the presence of the IIou-o, todiaw from <aid box,
one at a time, the said slips of papeuarid a^oach is chavvn
he shall announce the name of Hie Member or Delegate
upon it, who shall choose his seat for the present session :
Provided, That hefoie said di awing shall commence, the
Speaker ^hall cause every seat to be vacated and shall see
that evoiy seat continues vacant until it is selected under
this order; and that every seat aftci having been selected
shall be deemed to be vacant, it' leit unoccupied befoie the
calling of the roll is. finished.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask my colleague
to allow mo to offer an amendment. We have
nowhere to retire to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of hear-
ing what the amendment is.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. CLEMENS. I will hear the amendment
read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
amendment will be read.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
withdrawing the previous question to hear an
amendment. I desire that it shall be withdrawn
entirely, so that we may all offer amendments.
Mr. RUFFIN. I feel it to be my duty to ob-
ject to the reading of the amendment. The
usual resolution has been offered, and I think it
is quite sufficient.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask my colleague
to withdraw the call for the previous question. I
will renew it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am disposed to extend
every courtesy to my colleague, but I must
insist on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My amendment is
really an improvement.
Mr. CLEMENS. I must insist on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We are in a new
Hall, and although I have no right to make any
remarks 
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
the Chair is required on the right, and on the
left, to enforce order. The gentleman cannot
debate the question so long as the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for informa-
tion. If there be a second, what will then be the
condition of the question ?
The SPEAKER. If the m'ain question be or-
dered, the question will be on agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, can I call
the yeas and nays upon the second ?
The SPEAKER. Not upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire if
the resolution is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is, properly, before the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move to
lay it upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS moved that the vote by which
the resoluion was adopted be reconsidered; and
i also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to execute the order
of the resolution. The members retired from
their seats to the open spaces in the Hall, and the
names of all being placed in a box, they were
drawn singly by a page,and the members, as their
names were thus drawn, selected their seats.
PRIVILEGES OF CHAPLAINS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit the following joint
resolution, to which, I presume, there will be no
objection:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States, That the clergymen of the city of Wash-
ington who may officiate as Chaplains to the Senate and
House of Representatives, shall be admitted to the library
of Congress, with the same privileges that are allowed to
the members of the two Houses.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the resolution amendable?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the House has
ordered the resolution to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. SEWARD. I wanted to have the resolu-
| tion amended so as to extend the same privilege
| to all the ministers of the United States.
The joint resolution being engrossed, was read
the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I want, if it bo in order, to
move to refer this resolution to the Committee on
the Library.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this stage
of the proceedings. It might have been in order
before the resolution was ordered to be engrossed.
The question was taken; and the joint resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was adopted,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of N«w York, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business. Let us take things in
order, and we will get along faster.
REPORT OF BILLS AND ESTIMATES.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
