1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
agre he speaks so low that he is not doing justice^ j
to himself. If he will raise his voice alittle louder,
he will bo heard more distinctly across the Cham-
ber. , |
Mr. MALLORY. Thank you, sir. I cannot j
expect to overcome any noise that may be made !
in the Chamber, but 1 will endeavor to make my- I
self heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stoart.)
The Chair will endeavor to preserve as good or-
der as can be maintained in the Chamber; and he
submits to Senators that it is important, on ac-
count of the evident condition of the health of the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. I was going on to observe
that whatever may be the effect of our efforts here
from this vexed question of Kansas, the South,
looking boldly out on the dangers which are be-
fore her, surveying with calm resolve her dark-
ening political skies, will, in my judgment, take
a new departure. She will be warned, nerved,
invigorated, saddened perhaps, but unintimidated
by the past. That must inevitably be the posi-
tion of the South. She cannot ignore the fact
that her enemies are gathering in strength around
her; every day shows it; and whether the war-
cry against her life be uttered by some wretched
village fanatic, whose insane ravings and mad
ambition rise no higher than to induce the slave
to cut the master's throat, or whether it be uttered
by some higher intellect here, in largo and phi-
losophic phrase, who, with the Union upon "his
lips, but with treason to its best interests nestling
m his heart, tells us of the coming dawn which
is to welcome the last footprint of African sla-
very upon this continent—whether the war-cry
be uttered by the one or the other, it is opposition
to her that forms their common bond of union.
Nor,sir, let her any longer underrate the strength
of her enemies. I have before me some notes,
which are very brief, but they are instructive. I
refer to a well-known book, recently published,
in which political facts are collected. In speak-
ing of the anti-slavery party, the author says:
" It first mad'* its appearance In national politics in the
presidential contest of 1640, when its ticket, with James
G. l3irncy,of Michigan, a* its candidate (or the Piesidency,
nnd Francis J. Lcmoyne, of Pennsylvania, as its vice pi ev-
idential candidate, polled 7,000 vote-*. In Ik H. with Mr.
Birney a am as its candidate, it polled (32,HO votes. In
18-48, with Martin Van Buren as the presidential candidate
of the Buft'alo Convention, and CJernt Smith as that of the
more ultra anti-slaveiy men, it polled 996.232 vote* In
J852, with John P. Hale as Us* nominee for the Picsulency,
it polled 157,996 votes. In 1&3S, with John C. FuSmont as
its presidential candidate, it polled 1,341,812 votes."—Cins-
kej/'s Political Text Book, page 1.
With these facts before us, and they are suc-
cinctly summed up, I do not pretend to ignore the
coming fate of the South, i do not pretend any
disguise on the subject. Who doubts that he is
yetto see one of this sectional party in your chair,
sir; this Government administered by its behests,
and the South in a doomed minority, stiil appeal-
ing to the Constitution? No man licrc can doubt
it, and it is useless to preach otherwise. One by
one the gallant and patriotic band of northern
men, who, valuing the Union Geyond the behests
and commands of party, struggled here, strug-
gled everywhere to maintain the common rights
of their whole country, have been crushed out;
and here, in this forum of equal States, we are yet
to see the Constitution interpreted by that dreaded
antagonism which is founded upon geographical
distinctions alone.
The constitutional rights of the South, Mr.
President, never have depended,and I trust they
never will depend, on an equality of gave and
free States in this Confederacy. If they depend
on such an equality, their rights are gone now,
for that day has passed. This political equality .
cannot be maintained. It can neither be main- '
tained by expansion, by acquisition, nor by cii- '
vision ot territory; for these are resources equally ;
open to both parties. Had the South, in days
gone by, been united on the expediency of add- 1
ing Cuba, and, when the apple was ripe, plucked
it, and made it a southern Stale—nay, sir, were !
she to adopt a wise policy now, and resolve to 1
take it and talk about it afterwards—friendly and i
contiguous Canada, fast gravitating towards the S
North, would come in to establish northern po- ;
iitical supremacy. Therefore, in my judgment, ;
wo must look inevitably to a preponderance of
free States in this Confederacy. If I believed
that the rights of the South were to depend on an
equality, I would use every human effort of
wnich I am capable to induce the South to go out
of the Union to-morrow. It is folly for a man,
when he sees his doom ahead of him, to wait
hour after hour until the stern reality is upon him.
Much has been said by the Senator from New
York, in his remarkable address, about the white
man's occupying this continent on the doctrine of
expansion; but I did expect to hear a gentleman,
who is evidently a statesman ,who always takes en-
larged views—I did expect him, in this rhetorical,
epigrammatic production of bis, to define under
what circumstances the white man was to occupy
this continent. My friend from Virginia, I find
on reading his speech, has referred to this part
of the address of the Senatorfom New York, and
leaves me but little to say; but on this doctrine of
expansion, let me remark that the hour has come
when judicious minds begin to doubt the propri-
ety, the wisdom of the expansion on this conti-
nent of our Government, and judicious minds be-
gin to doubt the applicability of our system of
government to a widely-expanded territory. Sir,
the surface of our territory now is more than
double that of Great Britain, France, Spain, Portu-
gal, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Tur-
key in Europe, Poland, Prussia, Belgium, Hol-
land, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, whose
united populations excecd two hundred and fifty
million. With a soil teeming with everything
adapted for the usefulness of man, with a sparse
population compelled to cultivate neighborly af-
fections, with wealth almost at the command of
every industrious man, with every inhabitant al-
most having stakes deeply driven into the soil,
identified with the country, and making the laws
which he himself is to administer, our Govern-
ment has reflected more blessings on the human
race than any other which the mind of man has
ever conceived.
But lot our country once be ns populous as
France, Belgium, or Prussia, and let trouble arise
in a part of it distant from the seat of Government,
and then see where the doctrine of expansion will
lend you. Judicious minds, as I sayalready, point
to San Francisco, ruled by a vigilance committee;
to Utah, ruled by a priestly despotism; to Kansas,
whose laws are enforced only at the point of the
bayonet; to the large mobs m your cities, over-
awing the peaceable inhabitants, and going abroad
unpunished; and to the powerful cries of " bread
or blood," raised in open daylight by agrarians;
and when this doctrine of expansion shall be car-
ried out, and the elective franchise shall be given
into the hands of men of this character, it will be
a most fearful engine of wrong, as it has been
heretofore a fruitful engine- of right.
But, Mr. President, I will not digress on this sub-
ject longer; I desire to keep to the point before us,
which is the question of the admission of Kansas.
I will not go into all the objections, the technical
objections which have been urged by gentlemen
on the opposite side of the Chamber, because I
think it will be fair to meet the objections of our
friends on this side, and I will treat them as made
in all fairness. I undei stand that the objections
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, made m
his opening speech immediately after the present-
ation of the President's annual message, have
been surrendeied one by one, or tacitlv so, and
that they are all now to be summed up in this: that
the constitution framed at Lecommon was not
submitted to the vote of the people, and (hat it does
not reflect the will of the people of Kansas.
Who are the people of Kansas ? The honor-
able Senator from New York, if I did not mistake
him, the other da\;said the people meant the ma-
jority. I deny any such doctrine in this coun-
try. I deny that " the people" necessarily mean
a majority, politically, or in any other sense.
The only people of Kansas known to us arc the
law-abiding inhabitants thereof, who, under the
shadow and by the power of law alone, have
made their wishes ana their wants known to us.
They are the people of Kansas, whether they be
the majority or the minority. States have con-
ferred, and may at any time confer, their whole
political power upon a minority. They may make
disqualifications dependent upon the tenure of
freehold estate, upon the payment of tax, upon
militia duty, or upon the color of the skin; but
whoever the State chooses to confer her political
authority upon, and whoever she confers the right
to exercise political power upon, aro the people.
Politically speaking, they are the people. It is
said the majority are to rule. Sir, as the people
are represented in the House of Representatives,
do a majority always rule there ? Is not a quo-
rum of the House sufficient to transact its busi-
ness? And is nota majority of thatquorum, who
representonlya small number, comparatively, of
the people of this country,enough ? Do they not
transact business? Do not some seventeen mem-
beisof this body, a minority of it, transact its busi-
ness ? It is the political people wo speak of; and
when I speak of the people of Kansas, I refer
alone to those people who come within the defini-
tion of law, and who, clothed with the mantle and
authority of law, come here to make their man-
ifestations known.
I do not pretend to investigate whether the con-
vention which formed the Lecompton constitu-
tion was in fact elected by a minority or a ma-
jority of all the persons in Kansas who had a
right to vote. Thatconvention may, in fact, have
been created by a less number than a majority—
by a minority of the actual voters of Kansas; but
if we suffer ourselves to go behind the proper ex-
hibition of political power by the ballot-box, we
may perhaps come upon the fact that those who
refused to votedid so from no pure motive; they
did so for the sole purpose of defeating the rights
of those who did choose to exercise them; and I
ask, where the elective franchise has been permit-
ted at all, has it ever been heard that those who
refrained from voting can thereby defeat the just
rights of those who choose to exercise them?
There is scarcely a town, scarcely a city, scarcely
a State, in which elections occur, year after year,
where you cannot point to candidates elected by
a minority of the whole number of bona fide voters.
In reply to the objection that the constitution
should have been submitted to the popular vote,
i must say that it is becomingon those who claim
this to show that any necessity existed for such
a submission. The people of Kansas did not pro-
vide for it through then -Legislature; they did not
provide for it through their convention; and so far
as Congress could, they expiessly left it to the
people of Kansas to decide for themselves; for
they said they should be left " perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution."
That was the only limitation. There was noth-
ing there, I apprehend, commanding them to sub-
mit their constitution to a vote of the people of
Kansas. If, therefore, we are to keep our pledge
to the people of Kansas, we cannot interfere with
their rights; and it is to me exceedingly strange
that those who set up this doctrine that the non-
submission of the constitution is fatal to it, can-
not put their hand on the authority for their doc-
trine. The precedents teach us that the people
of Kansas have followed in the safe path of cus-
tom in refusing to submit their constitution. My
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson-] has
shown this in a closc analysis of all the constitu-
tions of the States of this Union; and there are
but two constitutions that I know of, formed by
the States of this Union, which were submitted
by convention. His statement is as follows:
"The constitutions, now in force, of the following named
States, wore not submitted lor ratification to the people, but
adopted in convention:
4< Vermont adopted her constitution July 4, 1793, in con-
vention at Windsor. (Compiled Statutes of Vermont, p'l^o
35.)
Connecticut, by convention, m lb 18. (SeeCompilation
of Statutes of Connecticut. 1S51, pases 2D and 45.)
" Delaware, bv convention, in 1831. (See Acts of 1831,
pa«e 19; and Revved ('ode. page 43 )
" Pen us} lvania, hy convention, in 18.13, with a provi<ion
fur futuH' amendments to be ratified by the people. (Seo
Pardon's Dico^t, pa^e J7, section 10.)
kl iVorth Carolina adopted her pi e*>ent constitution in 1776,
by convention ; amendments in 1835.
"South Carolina, m 1790, by convention.
"Geoi^.a, by convention, on the 23d of May, 1708.
''Alabama, m 1810, by convention uuder enabling act.
(Soe Code of Alabama, pase £6. section 5, page 2S.)
"Mississippi, hy convention, in 1817 ; and revised m like
manner in 1632.
"Tennessee, by convention, in 1S35.
"Kentucky, hy convention, m 1799.
" Aikansas, by convention, without enabling act. (See
Revised Statutes of ,\ikan«a*, pages 17-18 )
" Mi-ssour;, by convention, in lSJQ; and not submitted
to the pconie,
" nunoi.s by convention, in 1918; also appears not to
have been submitted to the people.
" Tne following Wfn-'1 ^ormiolled by statute to pubmit the
constitutions framed hy tne conventions to the people t
" New York, constitution adopted in 1846. (Section S,
act of 1845, providing for the convention, required its ratifi-
cation by the people.
