1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
bill, to exclude anybody's property but our own.
We might appear absurd m including other peo-
ple's property, and I propose to insert these
words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
read the third time, and passed.
CHURCH PROPERTY.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 241) relating to the manner of holding
and transmitting the title to certain church prop-
erty therein mentioned.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time by its title, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. Unless some Senator desires
the bill to be read at length, I think I canexplain
it in a single word. This is a literal transcript
from the law of Maryland in reference to the
transfer of property belonging to the Roman Cath-
olic Church. In accordance with the general rules
of the Church, the absolute title, the fee, is vested
in the bishop of the diocese. This proposes to
vest in him a limited jurisdiction, a sort of trus-
tee jurisdiction. That is all there is of it. The
archbishop of Baltimore, within whose diocese
this city is, agrees to have it done in this way,
and the whole Church are for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read the thud time.
Mr HUNTER. There appears to be no lim-
itation as to the quantity or value of property in
this bill.
Mr. BROWN. It has nothing to do with that.
It does not affect the title. It only relates to prop-
erty they now own. The simple question is,
whether the bishop shall hold an absolute title,
or whether it shall be a limited title. That is all
there is of it.
The bill was passed.
"WASHINGTON CEMETERY.
Mr. BROWN. The next D'stnct bill on the i
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 3 i G) to alter and amend
an act entitled " An act conferring en tain powers
on the levy court lor the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia," approved July 1,
1812. That bill wili, on account of the passage of
another bill to-day, lequ ie certain amendments,
which the committee have not yet considered. I'
shall not call up that. The last bill which 1 ask
for the Senate to consider is the bill (H. R. No.
542:) and 1 am sure impatient Senators will be
glad (o hear that n is the last.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 542) to authorize the
vestiy of Washington patish to take and inclose
certain parts of streets in Washington city for the ,
purpose of exrendinif the "Washington cemetery, j
and for other [imposes. j
Mr. BROWN. The title of the bill is a little i
unfortunate; but the vestry of Washington par-'
isli really have the jurisdiction of the congres-
sional burying-ground. We call it the congres- i
sional burying-ground, but the control over it is
in the vestry of Washington parish. There are !
certain little short stieets lying back of it, run- ■
nin^ down to the water, on which nobody tiavels, ,
or e\er will travel, if they remain a thousand
years. I do not suppose they would ever be j
opened up; and the vestry propose to turn them
into the congressional burying-ground. The}' ,
never have been opened, and never will be. and
never can be, on account of the situation of the
grounds They have no n«ht to inclose them
without our consent. What they ask, is to run
the congressional burying-ground down to the
water. There is a little neck between the congres-
sional burying-ground and the east branch of the
Potomac, which they propose to take: and they
reserve to you the exclusive right to bury mem-
bers of Congress, or any officials who may hap-
pen to die. They will bury any of you there.
[Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
H ;N. HENRY M. RICE.
Mr. GRE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope not. The Senator
from Minnesota yesterday agreed that the consid-
eration of a resolution introduced by him should
be deferred, m consequence of my temporary ab-
sence from my seaf. I see the Senator from Min-
nesota in his seat; and I hope the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his motion, and allow that
resolution to be taken up.
Mr. GREEN. If it will consume but little time,
I shall give way; but it is important that we
should have an executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it will take but little
time.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to take up that
resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Rice:
uiiesoicetl, That a select committee,ro consist of five mem-
ber*, bo appointed to investigate the chaigey prefuned bv
certain citizens of Iowa, settles upon tlic Foit Cravvloitl
lesoive, to the conduct of Hunry M Ricr, special agent
appointed by the Societal y of War to superintend the sale
of that ro-eive That said commute have power to send tor
person =5 and papeis, and to lepoit by bill or otherwise "
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the resolution
by fixing the number at three; and providing that
the committee be appointed by the Clviir.
Mr. BELL. I learn that it will be agreeable to
the honorable Senator from Iowa—and I suppose
it will not be inconsistent with the disposition and
feelings of the honorable Senator from Minnesota
—to refer the matter to a standing committee. Be-
lieving that all the purposes of the investigation
will be answered by that course, I renew the mo-
tion which was made yesterday by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that the inquiry be
intrusted to the Committee on Military Alfairs.
That would seem to be appropriate, as the lands
which have been the subject of those allegations
belonged to the Fort Crawford reservaion, under
the jurisdiction of the War Department. 1 hope
there wili be no objection to this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. As this matter was brought be-
fore the Senate on the representation of constitu-
ents of the Senator fiom Iowa, and lu; has moved
for a select committee, I think it proper that there
should be one.
Mr. BELL. I understand he has no objection
to a reference to the Military Committee.
Mr. MASON. I understand that this resolu-
tion was presented by the Senator from Minne-
sota himself; but it would seem to me tSiat the
proper course would be to refer the subject to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS I ha\e a decided preference for
a select committee, as I am, I suppose, like every
other member, very reluctant to enter into the in-
vestigation.
Mr COLLAMER. I understand that the
Chairman of the Committee on Military Allans
being m feeble health, the next member on the
committee suggested the other day that that com-
mittee would not have time to attend to it this
session.
Mr. TIAULAN. I will remark to the Sena-
tor from Vnginia that 1 did introduce migjeaUv
a resolution this subject. The Senator from
Mmmsota afterwards introduced this tesolution,
and I suppose it mav be regarded as a substitute
for mine, to which I have no objection. I was not
aware, at the time I introduced my icsolution,
that the fact oi its having been presented by me
would piobahiy require me to act as chairman of
the committee.' 1 would not consent to do so. If
a select committee we>v apooiuted by the Si-mite,
it would place me in an altitude winch I would
not be willing to occupy. I am not willing to be
regarded as a prosecuting witness m this rise;
nor will T, by any actor word of mine, commence
a personal controversy between the Sena'or from
Minnesota and myself. I have carefully, as I
! supposed, avoided anything of that kind from the
i beginning. I have no objection whatever to the
1 reference of the whole subject to a standing com-
, mittee; nor have I to the committee named by the
i Senator from Tennessee. I hope, therefore, that
' the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Tennessee will be adopted, and that tiie subject
! will take that reference.
i Mr FITZPATRSClv. I do not see why this
j is particularly referable to the Committee on Mil-
1 itary Affairs, from the fact that it ielates to the
sale of a military reservation. There are no ques-
tions of title involved; and it seems to me that if
it goes to any standing committee, it should be
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL. I should not hesitate as to the
selection of a committee. The only idea was, that
by referring it to a standing committee, we select .
one in whom all have confidence. I selected the
Military Committee on account of the matter being
connected with a military reservation. I have no
particular choice, but I thought that was a com-
mittee in which the Senate generally have confi-
dence, and it would answer all the purposes any
gentleman here can possibly have, to have a fair
and impartial investigation, so that if there were
anything in this charge, it might come out; and
if there were nothing, it might be frankly devel-
oped in the investigation. To have a select com-
mittee, we may attach to the matter more import-
ance than perhaps it may demand. If there is
anything in the charge, let us have it presented
to the Senate faiily and impartially and fully;
but as to the choice of committees, it is no great
matter.
Mr. F3TZPATRICK. I made the suggestion
from no disinclination on my part to avoid the
duties; but the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iver-
sok,] who made this objection the other day, is
not in his seat, and he is more conversant with
the business before the Committee on Military
Affairs than perhaps any other Senator.
Mr. HELL. I wish my friend from Alabama
would waive his objection. «•
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I am not tenacious
about it, but simply wanted to say that the Sen-
ator fmm Georgia objected to the reference on the
ground that the Military Committee have a great
deal of business.
Mr. BELL. So the members of a select com-
mittee are on committees having a great deal of
business, and want to attend to that business. So
it is as shoit as it is long.
Mr. FITZPATRICEC. Not seeing the Senator
from Geoigia in his seat, I wished to remind the
Senate of what he had said yesteiday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment to strike out
the words in regard to a select committee, and in-
sert " the Committee on Military Affairs."
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was'adopted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and resolution from the'
jTouee of Representatives were severally read
twice by then titles, and referred as indicated be-
low :
A bill (No. 2:21) for the relief of Mary Bain-
bridge—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 254) for the relief of Stephen Bun-
nell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. *23:2) for the relief of Margaret
Whitehead—to the Committee on Pensions.
A hill (No. 250) for the relief of Pierre Gag-
non, of Nutehitocht s, Louisiana—to the Commit-
tee on Private Lv d Claims.
A bill (No. 25 I) for the relief of William Hutch-
oncon—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. "loti) for the relief of Oliver P. Ho-
vey„to the Committee on Pensions.
A bsil (No. 257) to increase the pension of
Henry E. R>od.a citizen of Kentucky, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (jNo. 260) for the relief of Isaac Carpen-
ter—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 261) for the relief of Leonard Loo-
mif«—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 264) for the relief of Thomas AII-
cock, of Rochester, New \ ork—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions. .
A bill (No. 272) for the relief of Brevet Major
PI. L. Kcndrick—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Mdttia.
A bill (No. 273) for the relief ofJohn F. Can-
non—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. .--i,
A bill (No. 327) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Marie Mahnes—to the Committee
, on Private Land Claims.
; A bill (No. 332) for the relief of Richard B.
■ Alexander—to'the Committee on Claims.
A bi' 1 (No. 334) for the relief ot Simeon Sted-
man—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. b33) ior tuc relief ofSusannah Red-
