mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States for the year ending 30th June, 1859; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES also asked and ob-
tained the unanimous consent of the House to
have the estimates and the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury taken from the table and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
additional pages.
Mr. SAVAGE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution for the ap-
pointment of additional pages.
Objection was made.
contested elections.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I rise to a
question of privilege. I have been requested by
Mr. Henry P. Brooks, of the city of Baltimore,
to present to this House a memorial, contesting
the right to a seat of the Hon. Henry Winter
Davis, from the fourth district of the State of
Maryland. I have thought proper to apprise my
colleague [Mr. Davis] of my intention to avail
myself of the first opportunity, this morning, to
present the memorial. I take the occasion, fur-
ther, to state that Mr. Brooks charges that there
was not a fair opportunity at Baltimore to exer-
cise the rightof suffrage. Wheneverany of these
contested-election cases come up I shall be pre-
pared judicially to take such action as the merits
of the case may deserve, without regard at all to
the political affinities or sentiments of those who
may be involved. I ask that the memorial may
be referred to the Committee of Elections, and be
printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BOWIE. I rise for a similar purpose. I
rise for the purpose of presenting the petition of
William Pinckncy Whyte to vacate the seat of J.
Morrison Harris, and to ask that it may be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and "ordered
to be printed.
It was so ordered.
printing op the president's message.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to which was referred the res-
olution in reference to printing an extra number
of copies of the President's message and accom-
panying documents, presented the following re-
port:
The Joint Committee on Printing on the part of the House,
to which it \va~ referied to inqune m'o the expediency of
punting twenty thousand extra copies of the President's
message and accompanying documents, leport: first, that
the number proposed l* ill accoidauee with the usage of the
House in printing the said document. Your committee
therefore teportthe following resolution:
Resolved, That theie he printed for tiie use of tne mem-
bers of the House of Repieseutatives, twenty thousand
extra copies of the President's annual message and accom-
panying documents.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see to withdraw the call for the previous question,
that I may have the privilege of addressing the
House for a few moments on this matter of the
President's message.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Very well; if it
be only for a moment I have no objection.
Mr. COX. I do not wish, on the present oc-
casion, to detain the House with regard to the
general business of the country; but there are
some matters connected with the President's mes-
sage about which I would like to say a few words
on the motion which is before the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman has no right to go into a general
discussion upon the motion which has been sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman to discuss the President's message.
Mr. COX. I think I can bring my remarks
within the rule of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I under-
stand the Chair to decide that a motion to print
is not debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion,
upon further consideration, that the motion opens
 p the whole question to debate.
Mr. COX. Then I wish to say that, while I
concur most heartily in the message of the Presi-
dent in almost every particular  
• Mr, HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
m
I shall, for one, object to this genera! farming out
of the floor in this House by the withdrawal of
the demand for the previous question, upon con-
dition that it shall be renewed by the member for
whose benefit it is withdrawn. But if the prac-
tice is to be kept up, if such bargains are to be
tolerated, then I insist that the contract shall be
strictly executed. Now, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Smith] to withdraw the demand
for the previous question. The gentleman from
Tennessee, if I understood him correctly, con-
sented to do so on the condition that the gentle-
man from Ohio should renew the demand after
occupying the floor for a moment. Now, if that
is the contract between the two parties, and the
House intend to tolerate such contracts, my point
of order is, that these contracts shall be strictly
executed; and that, under the contractentered into
by the gentleman from Ohio, he shall not be per-
mitted to enter into a general discussion upon the
merits of the President's message.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can recognize no
contracts between members of the House in re-
spect to the occupation of the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I need not say how
heartily I concur with the message of the Presi-
dent, in almost every regard. Upon the ques-
tions of finance he shows a far-sighted economy,
which will find its ready approbation in the judg-
ment of tlie country. In relation to that " twin
relic of barbarism"—Utah—he deals with ifsenor-
mities in such away as to give earnest of a policy
which will assert the supremacy of decency and
civilization, while the supreme power of the Re-
public will be vindicated. In our foreign affairs,
in which his tact and statesmanship have been
so conspicuously exercised at home and abroad,
he may still be proclaimed the great pacificator.
That policy of peace under which our nation has
thriven beyond all the marvels of time, is still up-
permost in his desires.
Mr. QUITMAN. I call the gentleman to or-
der. My point of order is, that the gentleman
cannot discuss the merits of the message on a
motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to print opens the merits of the Pres-
ident's message. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest j
another point of order. This is not a motion to (
print the message. The House has heretofore I
made the order to print. This is merely a ques- I
tion to print extra copies. It is true that a simple
motion to print opens up the merits of the docu- j
ment itself, but a motion to print extra copies of j
a message which has already been ordered to be !
printed, does not open to debate the merits of the !
message itself. The message is not before the j
House. It has been referred to the Committee of j
the Whole on the state of the Union, and is not i
in the possession of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order made by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The Chair is of opinion that the
motion to print extra copies opens the whole mes-
sage for debate. The House may be governed
by the sentiments which the message contains in
the number of copies, whether larger or smaller,
which it may order to be printed. Debate is in
order.
Mr. COX. So dear to his heart is the peace of
the country that the President is ready to make
great sacrifices to preserve it, not alone abroad,
but in our home relations—not alone between the
States, but between the people of the States and
between the pioneers upon our borders. Herein
is to be found the solution of that part of his mes-
sage with reference to Kansas.
While the President lays down his general prin-
ciple of submitting the whole constitution to the j
people, he subordinates the question to that of
peace. He thinks it right to stand by the princi-
ple, butinexpedienttodoso in the present aspect
of affairs in Kansas.
But in my judgment, there will be no peace
from this adrais'sion of Kansas under the Leeomp-
ton constitution. Expediency is a dangerous doc-
trine, when in collision with principles. There
can bo no peace to that people while their rights
are jeoparded. Certainly none in that ill-starred
Territory, if the attempt to gain partisan ascend-
ency there be founded in stratagem and fraud. If
every question of difference be not honestly sab-!,
mitted to the whole people and decided without
restraint or hinderance—no other device can be
framed which will insure quiet. If there be treach-
ery, there will be civil war. If there be a Judas,
there will be an Aceldama. Kansas will be that
field, of blood.
But whether there be peace or not, I would not
sacrifice the principle involved herein for any
peace that can be purchased.
That principle is stated-by Mr. Buchanan* da
his message, thus:
" Under the earlier practice of the Government, no con-
stitution framed by the convention of a Territory, prepar-
atory to its admisfeion into the Union as a State, had been
submitted to the people. I trust, however, the example set
by the last Congress, requiring that the constitution of Min-
nesota < should be subject to the approval and1 ratification
of the people of the proposed State,' may be followed on
future occasions. I took it for grant'.d that the convention
of Kansas would act in accordance with this example,
founded, as it is, on correct principles; and lienee my in-
structions to Governor Walker, in favor of submitting tile
constitution to the people, were expressed in general and
unqualified terms."
It receives his sanction as a principle, though
he cannot now recommend its application, ex post
facto, with reference to Kansas. He hopes it rnay
be hereafter adopted universally. I agree With
liiin—and the whole Democracy of the nation
agree with him on this last proposition. Because
I may insist on its application to Kansas even
yet, it does not follow that I am indifferent, much
less unfriendly, to the success of his Administra-
tion.
True, the President, in his message, has ..ex-
pressed his opinion that the " question has been
jairly and explicitly referred to the people whether
they will have a constitution icitk or without slavery."
He lias instituted an argument in favor of the le-
gality of the Lecompton constitution; while he
also expresses his unabated faith in the wisdom
of the general principle of submitting the whole
constitution. But he takes care to avoid any rec-
ommendation to Congress. Our action is unim-
peded by party fealty. If it were thus impeded,
if the President had recommended a different
course, I should not hesitate to say that,as Gon-
gress has the exclusive right to admit States, I
should pursue the obligations of my swomduty.
The Administration is the trustee of the party,
within its own sphere of duty. In this sphere it
is entitled to our confidence. It shall receive my
whole-hearted support. But as to the question
in my own sphere, I may be allowed to represent
my people. 1 am not of the opinion of the old
theologians, that a man must be willing to be
eternally damned for an imputed sin, before he
can be saved. In thus deciding, conscience, honor,
pledges, and constituency, all compel me to stand
to the Democratic policy—which is the submis-
sion of the whole constitution to the whole people.
This Administration was called into being by
virtue of this principle.
This Democratic, majority is due to the ascend-
ency of this principle.
You, Mr. Speaker, owe your high place to the
fidelity of those who sustained that principle.
That principle has a history, written in an agi-
tation unsurpassed by any bloodless political con-
test of the world—at least since the repeal of the
corn laws in 1846, or the French revolution of
1848. It began in 1850, when the wisest of our
statesmen framed the compromises of that year.
It had its precedents before that year. But it was
not based on precedents. It was above.all prece-
dents, settlements, or compromises. With its
virtue, the Kansas and Nebraska actwas inspired.
That act struck down the Missouri restriction;
which was as odious to the South as it was an-
tagonistic to the Constitution. Minnesota lias
since received an enabling act upon this same
principle. It was framed by the same Senator
who framed the act of Kansas and Nebraska; and
whose authority, next to the act itself, is mors
binding as to its true intent and meaning than that
of any other man in the land.
When the unreasoning crusade was made
agains'tit in 1854—when it was denounced as a
swindle by those who seem now so anxious for
its establishment—-vrhen its author was made the
synonym for traitor in the Republican lexicon—
then it was that the Democratic party pledged
themselves to abide by the decision of the people
as to all their domestic institutions when they
sought to become States.
This is the right line of policy, for it is the
