1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
Mi". JONES, of Tennessee. If the Speaker is
of the opinion that there was a quorum present
•whfn the report of the committee was made, I
will withdraw my appeal
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
•was that the fact that no quorum was present had
not been ascertained when the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
made his report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have this to say,
that upon a count by tellers, just before the com-
mittee rose, there was no quorum present, and
upon a vote taken directly after the committee
rose no quorum was present. I do not wish to
obstruct the business of the House. If it is the
wish of the House, I have no objection to their
discharging the Committee of the Whole House
from the bills which were laid aside to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that they
do pass. I will not object to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his appeal, and not have
the action of the House upon it now. I regard
the appeal as involving a principle which is im-
portant. I do not believe the appeal is well taken,
because there is no knowledge upon the part of
the House that a quorum was not present.
Mr. SEWARD. Is this debate in order?
Mr. WINSLOW. I moved some time ago to
lay the appeal upon the table, which motion is
ceitainly not debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas-
and nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The appeal was [aid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills and resolutions, reported
yesterday to the House from the Committee of
the Whole House, without amendment, and to
which no objection was made, were then oulered
to be f-ngrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, they were accordingly seveialfy read
the third time and passed:
A bill (II. R. No. 2:21) for the relief of Mary
Cambridge;
"A bill (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Stephen
Bunnell; j
A hill (H. R No. 232) for the relief of Marga- j
ret Whitehead; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 250) for the relief of Pierre i
Gannon, of Natchitoches, Louisiana; j
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of William j
Hutchenson; _ i
A bill (H. R. No. 257) to ineieuse the pension j
of llcnrv E. Rtjad,a. citizen of Kentucky, and j
for other piu post's; i
A bill (H. R. No. 25G) for the relief of Oliver j
P. Hnvoy; I
A bill ( H. R. No. 2CQ) for the relief of Isaac :
CarpentPr; I
A b>U (H.R. No. 261) for the relief of Leonard :
Loomis; '
A bill (H. R. No. 204) granting a pension to 1
Thomas Alicock, of Rochester, New York; j
A bill (11. R. No. 272) for the relief of Brevet |
Mapr H. L. KemkiCk;
A bill (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of John
F. Cannon;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the relief of
General Sylvester Churchill; I
A bill (H. R. No. 327) for the reUefof the legal ;
representatives of Marie Malines;
A bill (II. R. No. 332) for the relief of Rich- j
ard 13. Alexander;
A bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of Simeon
Stedman; 1
A bill (II. R. No. 335) for the relief of Susan- ;
nah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman;
A bill (S. No. 38) for the relief of John R.
Temple, of Louisiana, wns also ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read u third time;
and passed.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which those bills and joint resolution
were passed; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CITY OF CARONDELET.
The following bill, reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, on which Mr. Joxes, of
Tennessee, had asked a separate vote, was re-
ported:
A bill (H. R. No. 131) for the relief of the city
of Carondelet.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill was
passed over yesterday without objection, and re-
ported to the House. I have asked for a sepa-
rate vote on it that we may have some explanation
of it. I do not understand what amount is ap-
propriated if it be passed. The bill is for the relief
of the city of Carondelet. I presume that Caron-
delet is somewhere in the neighborhood of the
city of St. Louis; and I also presume that the one
hundred acres of land specified in this act are a
part of the one thousand seven hundred and two
acres which have been heretofore a portion of the
Jefferson barracks tract. Am I right?
Mr. BLAIR. The Jefferson barracks tract con-
tains seventeen hundred and two acres. The whole
tract was conveyed by the city of Carondelet to
the Government of the United States for military
purposes; and the condition, of the conveyance
was, that it should belong to the Government so
long as it was used for military purposes. The
Government still uses the greater portion of that
tract, but it has sold some one hundred acres of
that tract. This bill simply proposes to compen-
sate Carondelet for the one hundred acres which
have been sold by the Government out of the sev-
enteen hundred and two acres given to it by that
city.
The donation from Carondelet was without con-
sideration, conditional that the seventeen hundred
and two acres of land should be used for military
purposes. The Government has ceased to use that
small portion for those purposes', sold it, and put
the money into its coffers. Otherwise, the land
would revert to the city of Carondelet. The one
hundred acres for which the bill provides compen-
sation to Carondelet, lies fifteen miles south of the
city of St. Louis, being the southern extremity of
the Jefferson barracks tract.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the prob-
able value of the iand for which compensation is
proposed to be made to the city of Carondelet?
Mr. BLAIR. In my judgment the land would
be worth about live thousand dollars.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is an insig-
nificant sum, if is true. I do not propose to throw
any obstacles in the way of action on the bill. I
only wish to have it understood. It is proposed
now to make payment for these one hundred acres
which the Govcrnmentccased to use for military
purposes, on the ground that the whole of the
se\ en teen hundred acres was conveyed to th« Gov-
ernment for military pui poses, so that if the Gov-
ernment shall cease to use the whole tract the pre-
cedent is established that, if sold, the Government
shall repay its value to Carondelet either in money
or other lands. This act will then be brought up
as a precedent, and as an acknowledgment of the
principle that the Government ought to refund. It
will, peihaps, be demanded as a right, that the
Government should refund to Carondelet.
Mr. BLAIR. The Government, when it ceases
to use this tract for military pu.poses, can sur-
render it to the city of Carondelet, and need not
pay its value in other lands or in money. I think
it is only reasonable that, if the Government sells
the land, she should refund to Carondelet, be-
cause the donation wns made on the condition that
jf should be used for military purposes. When
it ceases to use it for militaiy purposes, it should
i either return it or repay the city of Carondelet us
i valine
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I do not recog-
j mze that principle as a coircet one. TheGovern-
i mcnt wanted a military station there, and if Ca-
] rondelet, to aid it in that purpose, conveyed these
i lands to it, then the lands belong to the Govern-
| mcnt in fee. On the principle avowed by the gen-
| tleman, that we must either pay the city of Ca-
j rondelet for the reservation or surrender it when
I the Government ceases to use it as a military res-
j ervation, I must vote against the bill.
I Mr. BLAIR. It is expressed in the deed that
! this land shall be used for military purposes; and
i I say, that under that conveyance, when the Gov-
1 ernment ceases to use Jt for those purposes, it
\ reverts, as a matter of course, to the city of
Carondelet.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is the con-
dition of revertitur m the deed?
Mr. BLAIR. The condition is as I have stated
it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then if we
give these one hundred acres back, the remaining
acres will follow in time.
Mr. BLAIR. I demand the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question, to enable me to
offer an amendment. The gentleman has given
an opinion as to the value of this hundred acres
of land. I ask him to allow mc to amend it by
inserting a proviso that the amount to be paid
by the Government under the provisions of this
bill shall not exceed the sum of $5,000.
Mr. BLAIR. The valuation of the tract is left
with the Secretary of the Treasury. He is to
ascertain its value; and I think the Government
will take no damage from leaving the matter to
rest with the Government officers.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman has given
his opinion as to the value of the tract, and I hope
he will at least allow the amendment to be offered;
and then I will vote for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will withdraw the call
for the previous question, and hear a suggestion
from me.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly. I withdraw it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky.. I do not
like to interfere in this matter, but I understand
that the ground belonging to the Jefferson bar-
racks is exceeding valuable—that the whole of it
taken together is probably worth a million of dol-
lars; and it occurs to my mind that the best dis-
position which the House could make of the sub-
ject would be to authorize suit to be brought by
the city of Carondelet against the United States,
or against the tenants m possession, before the
United States court at St. Louis, for a just inter-
pretation of the reading of this deed. If the deed
carries the revet titur—as the gentleman contends
that it does—the court will settle the principle on
which the United States should act in the matter.
That is preferable to our disposing of so largo a
grant, or hampering ourselves with conditions
which we do not perfectly understand. It occurs
to my mind that the gentleman would secure the
success of his bill by accepting this suggestion.
If he is right in his legal interpretation of the case,
why, then, he would carry a judgment for the
whole.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think it much of a boon
to the city of Carondelet, oi any one else, to be-
queath them a lawsuit with the Government. I
think that after the city of Carondelet has made
this magnificent donation to the Government of
the United States, to bo used for military purposes,
it is the least the Government can do, when it
ceases to use a portion of that land—and. that but
a small and the least valuable portion of it—to
give it back to the city of Carondelet. Therefore,
I cannot take the suggestion of the gentleman from
Kentucky. As to the great value set upon this
land—a million of dollars—theie is a gieat mis-
take about that: it is not worth anything like it.
I icuew the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, called for
the yeas and nays on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Take the yeas
and navs on the passage.
Mr. "MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
want to take the yeas and nays on the passage
. for the simple reason that if the bill be not or-
dered to a third reading, I will offer an amend-
; mcnt to it.
The yeas snd nays were ordered.
j The question was taken, and it was decided in
1 the negative—yeas 76, nays 91; as follows:
; YEAS — Mos-t*. Ahbott. Ad ram. Anderson, Andrews,
! Bciin''tt. Ihllinshurst, Bitiuham, Blair, Dh^, Bufimton,
Bmlmgame, Burns Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Horace F.
1 Claik. John U. (.Mark, John Cochiane. CoifViw Conims,
j Covode. Ci.iL'in, James Craig, Cm Us, Damrel!, Davis ot
i Ma-saduwu^, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Bdie, Farns-
w Oi ill. Fsiiton, Foster, Gilli-, Gilman, Goocii, Goodwin,
Gtansor. Hate'i, Howard. iCellosjir. fvelsey. Ivu'ffore, Kriapp,
: Lovpi \, .Matre-o;i, .Mo^aru Morrill, lid ward Joy Morns,
, OiiVv-i A. Mois-o, .W'hol-, Olm, Palmei, Pendleton, Petut,
■ PiH'lp-, Pik'N FuUci. Ltovce, Sarididge, John Sherman,
' Ju-Uou \V Sherman', Kobert Smith, Spinner, William
■ ^K'wart T:\ppan. Tnppp, Wade, Walbudse, (. adwalader
1 C W.i-htmui, F.llilm 13 Washburnc, ImucI Washburn,
i Wil-on, Win-low. and Woodson—<6.
NAYcj—Mcsm* Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Averv, Barksdale,
Burton C.— . . , ^ . •
land, Davis of" Indiana, Davis ot Mississippi, Dowdejl,
Ddni'unuson, £ngU-in Fuulkmn, Foley, Garnett, Gartrtil,
