1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
learn a little of the character of these independent
men of the border.
A scheme like this, to submit a part of the
constitution, while it pretends to submit all, is a
device so thin as to have no upper nor under
side. It is so transparent that its statement is its
badge of fraud. It is an attempt to carry out a
salutary principle, in part, which was established
m its entirety. It is worse. It compels the voter
to swear to support a constitution before he can
vote to kill it; and then he is not allowed to
strangle it. It is an attempt, by a pretended sub-
mission in part, to carry the idea of a total sub-
mission; and thus force an unsubmitted constitu-
tion en an unwilling people.
If that convention could legally submit one
question, and withhold all others, they can re-
serve that one question, or all! The submission
of ono clause, be it slavery or banks, judiciary
or taxation, liquor or legislature, is an argument
against the reservation of any other; and of
course, against all others. This juggle will not
do. It is too nice to be honest.
Again: take this slavery question, and observe
how the mystigogue and demagogue have com-
bined to cheat the people. The constitution has
a slavery article, (VII.) It recognizesin its first
section the right of property in slaves and their
increase. In the second section, it permits eman-
cipation by the Legislature on payment to the
owners of "a full equivalent in money for the slaves
so emancipated." The emancipation and slavery
clause are bound together in the same article.
Now turn to the schedule! Suppose the con-
stitution with slavery is voted: then slavery and
emancipation remain as in the seventh article.
But suppose "constitution with no slavery" is
carried: what then? The seventh article shall
be stricken out; slavery and emancipation go out
together; but the right of property in slaves now
in the territory sha.ll not be interfered with! In
other words, if Kansas be made a slave State,
slaves can be introduced from abroad; and as fast
as they come, the Legislature may emancipate.
That is your slave State. If it be a free State,
there can be no emancipation of slaves or their
increase forever.
Now, will gentlemen tell me which would be
the free State, which the slave? This beautiful
specimen of a constitution is not unlike certain
animalculee found by naturalists, where the two
polypi may be made to change heads; for the
head of one may be ingrafted on the body of
another by placing the tailof the one in the mouth
of the other. The two heterogeneous extremities
will readily unite so as to confound all our notions
of identity.
How can you expect freemen to vote for such
ascheduleof chicanery? "Oh! if the free-State
men would vote," say the politicians, "how it
would release the Democracy from its dangerous
dilemma." For my part, I willnevergo begging
Republicans to sustain the standing and character
of the party to which I am devoted. Follow the
right line, and that party need not coax or wheedle
to sustain its dignity and supremacy.
Second: There is not, a priori, by the election
of delegates, a legal approval of the constitution.
Although there were fifteen counties entitled to
vote for deleg ates, for which there was no census
or registry, which could not participate in the
election, as Governor Walker proclaimed on
September 16, 1857, yet it does not follow that
the constitutional convention was an unlawful
assemblage; nor does it follow, if it were lawful,
that their constitution is to be valid, without the
popular suffrage in its favor.
This the people had here expressly reserved to
them in the organic act—the confirming or dis-
pensing power. The Territorial Legislature could
not affect that organic act. The sovereignty in
this case never departed from the people. It was
not lodged m the convention. It was clearly un-
derstood, and universally expected, that it would
be exercised by the people. The President ex-
pected it. He regrets the failure to submit it.
Any attempt to abridge or take away this popu-
lar sovereignty is a fraud of so hideous a charac-
ter, that language has no term of reproach, nor
tlie mind any idea of detestation, adequate to
express or conceive its iniquity.
If that sovereignty was lodged in the conven-
tion, who lodged it there? 1st. Did Congress?
No; for the act does not provide for the calling
of a convention, or the formation of a constitu-
tion . There has been no legislation by Congress
on the subject.
On the contrary, Congress, by rejecting Mr,
Toombs's bill, refused thus to initiate such pro-
ceedings.
2d. Did the Territorial Legislature? If Con-
gress could not do it, it could not. It was the
creature of Congress—of the organic act. It
could not do what the organic act, under which it
lived, did not authorize. The creature could not
do what the creator refused to permit to be done.
What authority had this convention ? If it had
none from Congress, could it be claimed that the
Territorial Legislature had an authority from the
people to call this convention? Unless that be
expressly shown, it will not be implied. If it be
not expressly shown, that sovereignty was re-
served to the people. The Territorial Legislature
derived its powers from the act creating it. Those
powers are defined, and but generally defined, in
the twenty-fourth section:
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall ex-
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the CoiibtiLutiou of the United States and the provisions of
this act."
In no part of the act is there any express power
to call a convention to frame a constitution. Who
will say that such a power can be implied ? Such
a power dissolves the territorial .government.
Its own deatli by suicide cannot be within the
purview of the Territorial Legislature. If it can
compass its own death, it can kill the power of
Congress which called it into being.
This is in accordance with right reason. It is
in accordance, too, with precedent. I am not one
of those who swear in the words of any master.
Precedents depend for their force on their intrinsic
worth. Precedents serve only to illustrate prin-
ciples, and to give them a fixed authority. Prin-
ciples are the result of reason. " Authority is a
long bow, the effect of which depends upon the
strength of the arm which draws it, and reason is
a cross-bow of equal efficacy (if well directed) in
the hands of a dwarf or a giant."
Authority and reason unite to declare that no
Territorial Legislature has the power to call a
constitutional convention. It cannot override the
organic law, any more than it can destroy the
Constitution of the Union. This is reasonable.
It docs not depend on the strength of him who
utters it; but authority does. We have that au-
thority from statesmen of such conspicuous great-
ness that no one will question them—Thomas
Jefferson, Andrew Jackson,and James Buchanan.
Jefferson always spoke of the first constitution
of Virginia, adopted in 1776, as wanting the popu-
lar sanction. In 1824 he regarded the acquiescence
of the people even as no supply for the want of
original power from them. Here are his words:
" To our convention no special authority had been dele-
gated by the people to form a permanent constitution, over
which their successors in legislation Miould have no power
of alteration. They had been elected for the ordinary pur-
poses of legislation only, and at a tune when the establish-
ment of a new government had not been proposed nor con-
templated. Although, therefore, they gave to this act the
title of a constitution, yet it could be no more than an act
of legislation, subject, as tlmr other acts were, to altera-
tion by their successor;*. It has been said, indeed, that the
acquiescence of the people has supplied the want of ougmal
power. Butit is a dangerous lesson to say to them,' "When-
ever vour functionaries cxcreiso unlawful authority over
you, if you did not go into actual resistance it will be deemed
acquiescence and conformation.' Besides, no authority
has yet decided whether the resistance must be instanta-
neous; when the light to icsi^t ceases ;*or whether it has
yet ceased. Of the twenty-four States now oiganized,
twentv-thrce have disapproved our doctrine and example,
and have deemed the formal authority of then people a
necessaiy foundation for then constitution."
In the Arkansas case the question was fairly
met by General Jackson's Attorney General, who
decided that the Legislature couid not act in the
formation of a State government. In the Michi-
gan case, Mr. Buchanan held, in 1835, that Legis-
latures '' had no right whatever to pass laws enabling
the people to elect delegates to a convention for the
purpose of forming a State constitution. It was an
act of usurpation on their part."
If Jefferson, Jackson, and Buchanan were right,
if reason is right, then where is the authority of
this Lecompton convention ?
It is said that precedents are found in Michigan
and California. Ah! but in those cases there
was no doubt as to the popular approbation. Ir-
regularities and formalities may be disregarded
when the popular voice gives the substance to the
application. But in a case like this of Kansas,
form is substance. When the voice of the peo-
ple is ambiguous, or in doubt, or against the con-
stitution, it is clear Congress should require a
popular verdict before it should pass judgment.
Even in Wisconsin, where Congress provided
for a convention in March, 1847, it sent the con-
stitution back to be submitted to the people.. This
was wise and constitutional. T '
the first constitution, made a
admitted under it in May, 1848.
I need not here refer to the case of Minnesota,
where, in the enabling act, provision is made for
submission. I only refer to it now to show that
the policy of this country is becoming fixed in
that way. Our earlier constitutions were not sub-
mitted, as the President remarks; but lately the
people are taking a deep interest in constitutional
questions. They not only like to pass upon them,
but it is their privilege to do so by that surest of
all modes—the silent ballot. Wnerever this is
possible, no agent shall intervene between them
and their will. That is Democracy? Its prog-
ress may be marked in the fact that twenty-one
out of thirty-one of the present constitutions of
these States have been submitted to the people.
Here is the list:
States whose constitutions* have been submitted to the "people
for ratification.
States. Date.
California November 13, 1849
Connecticut.....    October 5, 1818
Georgia First Menday ia October, 1839
Ilhnojs   March 7, 1848
Indiana   .August 4, 1851
Iowa    August 3, 1846
Kentucky  1850
Louisiana November 2, 1852
Maine.....  1820
Maryland June 4, 1851
Massachusetts  1789
Michigan November 5, 1850
New Jersey   August 13, 1844
New York   November^, 1846
North Carolina November 9, 1835
Ohio June 17, ' 1851
Rhode Island November 21,22, 23, 1842
Tennessee   March, 1835
Texas October 13, 1855
Virginia   October 23,24,25, 1851
Wisconsin April, 1848
States whose constitutions are not known to have been sub-
mitted to the people for ratification.
States. Date.
Alabama     X819
Arkansas January4, 1836
Delaware        December 2,1831
Florida    1839
Mississippi     October, 1832
Missouri   ,.,.,JuIyl9, 1820
New Hampshire i September, 1792
Pennsylvania...    1838
South "Carolina  1790
Vermont    1850
So much for precedents. The weight of them
is in favor of the principle of submission.
It has been argued that the Lecompton conven-
tion was a legal body; but legal only as a peti-
tioning body praying for a certain object. I can-
not say that I have seen anything of a prayerful
characteraboutthatbody. Their ordinance about
the public lands—as impudent as it is startling—
does not look to be in a prayerful mood. But,
be that as it may, suppose they are legal petition-
ers, I contend that that is not the proper mode
for the formation of States. It might do if there
were a popular sanction; otherwise, most certainly
not.
But I will go further. I will admit just now, for
the argument, that the convention had an author-
itative existence; that the Territorial Legislature
had power to convoke it; nay, more, that it has
prepared a legal constitution; and yet I say it has
no power to adopt it. That lies with the people,
under the organic law. Oh, yes, gentlemen may
say, is not the convention legal? ^ If that, why
not its product? If that be legal, is it not inter-
vention to do aught save admit Kansas, under
this contrivance, as an equal State? The con-
vention may be legal. It may have all the forms
of law. It may even be authorized by the organic
act; and its action may be in accordance with
authority and precedent but still I say it lacks
the life-giving spirit by which it can bo made-a
State coequal with my own—Ohio. It may be
legal—may seem so. Its forms may be skillfully
drawn. It may be as good in its general provis-
ions as the President says it is. So you may see
* The work of the latest constitutional convention in
cach State.
