50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
& languishing body have all its parts, and yet be
useless for many purposes of Efe; you may
reckon all the joints of a dead roan; but the heart
is cold, the joints stiff, the pulses still, and it is
Only lit for the grave. So with this constitution;
it may be legal and formal, but until the popular
breath is breathed into it, it is of no validity or
force. Itis worse: it is not only pulseless—heart-
less—but it is, through trickery and fraud, a mass
of detestable putrescence! Without that popular
confirmation, it will never, never be suffered to
appear above ground. No scientific galvanism
contained m that schedule can inform or vivify
its decaying members. Divine power worked a
miracle to bring forth Lazarus. There is no
power in this land to do that office for this un-
wholesome thing. If it be dragged into this Hall
for " admission," with a rope round its neck, in
defiance of the popular will of Kansas, there will
be scalpels used with a keen readiness, never be-
fore illustrated in political surgery !
Third. I deny, therefore, that it is congres-
sional intervention in domestic affairs to question
the form and mode of this application for the
admission of Kansas. I do not affirm that Con-
gress should say for Kansas whether she should
have a bank, or not; (though if a bank becomes
"vested" how are the people to get rid of it?)
should have a Governor of twenty years' res-
idence in the Union, or not; should pass on the
taxing power of the State, as to the public lands,
or not; should have slavery, or not.
In domestic, affairs the constitution may have
all the excellences of Plato's Ideal, More's
Utopia, and Harrington's Oceana; it may be the
transcript of angels from the tablets of the Omnis-
cient Law-Giver; yet, if unsubmitted to the peo-
ple,! would not vote for its admission. We have j
no right to force on men what is best for them in |
Our own opinion. This has been the plea of !
despotism for ages. It is the hard dogma that j
sustains the perjured dynasties of Europe on their
thrones. It is founded in the petrifaction of the
human heart.
Neither, in domestic matters, do I care how had [
the constitution may be, ethically or politically. ]
If submitted, my approbation follows that of the
people. This is non-intervention. I
But when Congress undertakes to protect the |
people, in judging of these matters of domestic j
concernment, let it be done thoroughly and well. '
Let not Congress give the protection which the
wolf gives the lamb. Let Congress, when it guar-
anties self-government, see to it that it is not a
mockery, or a phantom, but a real, living, glow- ]
ing reality—an opportunity for public volition,
informed by conscience, and irradiate with intelli-
gence—to decide for themselves, under the consti-
tution, as to the laws under which they are to live.
For myselfTI but repeat the expression of the
Democracy of the capital district of Ohio, when
I say that, however we may dislike slavery, we
are utterly indifferent, as a political question,
whether slavery goes to Kansas or riot, pro-
vided the people pass on it honestly and fairly. ;
Let it be a slave State; let it, 011 the other hand,
be a free State; but let it be a State which is self-
governing, for otherwise it is not republican. j
When the bill of Mr. Dunn was presented to
this body, for the pacification of Kansas, ttmade
provisionfor the slaves in Kansas to remain there.
The Democracy opposed that bill, because Con-
gress, by it, undertook to intervene on the subject.
Let the people pass such a provision in their con-
stitution, and it shall be 110 objection to nie that
it is right or wrong. My answer is, it is the
people's will! Congress, by Dunn's bill, was
wrong in thus attempting to fix the status of any
person in the Territory. The people can fix it as
they please. It is their business. Far better let
African slavery be established than an irrespons-
ible tyranny. It matters not, that it may be
changed the next day, or the next year. Anglo-
Saxon independence will not brook this organized
despotism. The English language has not servile
syllables enough to spell out the presumptuous
audacity of those delegates of Kansas, who have
dared thus to steal the livery of sovereignty in the
tace of the thirty millions of thinking freemen of
- It is no question of African slavery, no
maudlin sentimentality about the black race; but
it is the right of the white man that is attempted
to be filched from him by a pack of land-huck-
stcrs and political jobbers.
I have pledged myself to vote for the admission
of Kansas as a slave State, if fairly made so. I
am here to redeem that pledge; and now, to-day,
would rather have Kansas a slave State, than to
have its self-government beaten down under the
heels of an irresponsible cabal. Fill Kansas with
negroes as compactly as the district of my friend
from South Carolina, where there are one hun-
dred and ten thousand negroes to five thousand
voters; ami right? (to Mr. Keitt.) [Mr. Keitt,
(in his seat.) Yes, that's right. I wish there
were more of them.],—but, in the name of Demo-
cratic fealty and Democratic sense, let us stand
like men of trust and men of honor, to the sover-
eignty of the people, in whose will constitutions
are but wisps of straw, and whose breath can
make and unmake law, as it can make and un-
make congressmen.
I said 1 was utterly indifferent as to the char-
acter of the domestic institutions formed and
regulated in the constitution, provided they were
all approved by that perfect freedom of action
guarantied to the people by the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill.
First. I would limit this only as the United
States Constitution limits it. In the third section
of the tenth article, it says: " New States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union;" and
in the subsequent section, it" guaranties to every
State in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment."
Coupled with this naked power to admit—adis-
cretion to be used as other discretionary powers are
used—is the limitation that the government must
be republican. I hold that a constitution like that
made at Lecompton cannot be republican; where
it has no authority from Congress; 110 imprimatur
from the people; and is no reflection of the pop-
ular will. The form may be 'republican in one
sense; but that higher form, that essence, that
fifth essence of republicanism, its sine qua 1 ion,
the popular sense, is not expressed in it; and,
therefore, as Mr. Buchanan said of Arkansas, it |
is a usurpation. '
Second. Not only is there no substantial sub- !
mission of the constitution to the people, but :
even the formal mode of submitting the proposi- j
tions of the schedule do not insure fairness in j
voting or in the record of the voting. The agents j
to supervise the election have 110 check from, and '
no responsibility to, any other than the appoint- i
ing power, which is the president of the conven- ;
tion. The commissioners are appointed by the !
president. They appoint the judges; the judges
appoint the clerics. The poll books are returned
to the presidentof the convention. No check by
other officers, territorial or Federal. All is sub-
ordinate to the presiding genius whose eonstitu- ;
tion this is. Can such an election command I
confidence in the present condition of Kansas' ]
The President hopes for peace by the acceptance !
of a constitution thus ratified, lie says that if j
this opportunity of settling the question in Kan- :
sas should be rejected, " she may be involved for I
years in domestic discord, and possibly in civil !
war, before she can again make up the issue now !
so fortunately rendered, and again reach the point I
she has already attained." It seems to me that j
such a state of anarchy will follow, if this elec- j
tion goes 011, and is to be sustained by the strong i
Federal arm. Germany stood for thirty years j
with her hand upon her sword; the rustle of a \
leaf disturbed her. Kansas is in similar sus-
pense. Never was there more need of heed,
caution abundant, and beyond cavil or question,
as to the popular expression.
Third. In the ninth section of the schedule, the
voter, if challenged, is required to swear to sup-
port the constitution, unde.r the pains of perjury.
Is this republicanism ? Is this miserable mode
of^ making a constitution to be countenanced by
this Congress?
Fourth. There is another ground for the rejec-
tion of this constitution. There is a fraud recog-
nized in it, which we are bound, while inquiring
into its republican form, to notice. The basis of
popular willis the basis of representation. This
is violated. In tne creation of representative and
council districts, the Oxford city fraud has been
made the basis of estimating the population of
Johnson county. The entire official vote of that
county did not exceed four hundred. Fraud
swelled it to eighteen hundred by the return of
sixteen hundred fictitious names from Oxford city.
a hamlet of three dwelling houses. Shawnee, with
eight hundred voters—bona fide voters—gets only
half the representation of Johnson. Well might
Judge Elmore protest against this fraud. Well
might Governor Walker complain of it, after hav-
ing set it aside solemnly. Other frauds arc to be •
found of a similar character. If we are to judge
of the republicanism of the State to be inaugu-
rated, we should discard this constitution.
This convention sanctioned this fraud, not only
by making it the basis of representation, but by
electing one of the creatures who signed the for-
geries as their clerk. And I have it from the best
authority, that the president of the convention
himself is believed by the body of the people of
i; Kansas to be implicated in this same fraud. Who
'1 that admits this fraud can sustain a constitution
founded upon it ?
Fifth. I hold, lastly, that that constitution is
not republican in form; because, in the fourteenth
section of the schedule, it prohibits—ay, that is
the effect—amendment,alteration, or change until
after 1864. It is utterly idle to say it meant to
| provide for alteration, amendment, and change
j meanwhile, ad libitum. When a constitution pro-
j vides a mode and time to amend, all other ways
J and times are excluded. After implying no change
\ till 1864, then it proceeds to hamper the " per-
i fectly free" action of the people of 1864, by re-
] quiring two thirds of the Legislature to concur,
; before they will allow a majority of the people to
call for an amendment. And, as if to clinch the
whole of this absurdity with another more glar-
ing, it provided that even then " no alteration
shall be made to affect the rights of property in
the ownership of slaves."
Now, I do not seek to intervene in domestic
affairs, when I declare that whatever may be the
precedents in this respect, I will never vote for a
State to come in under such impossible, absurd,
and tyrannical conditions. Congress guaranties
a republican form; and this constitution fetters
every limb of that form.
" But," it is said, " these conditions are void.
The State may turn around to-morrow and dis-
card them all." So it may. New York did; so
did Louisiana. But it was revolution. We have
110 right to force people into revolution against the
established order. It may not be that revolution
which, like a tempest, overturns the public au-
| thority by " wild sword law" or popular frenzy,
i It is not that inimitable thunder which aroused
j America in 1775, France in 1787, or England in
| 1630. It is rather like a machine, which, having
| a principle of compensation, corrects irregular-
j ities without breaking the machine or retarding
| its motion. Still, it is revolution; whether it be
I a perilous one or not, it is the only way to get rid
i of the restrictions placed on the popular will by
1 this constitution. To those who say the State
may, after admission, alter the constitution at
once befoie 1864, I ask this question: Were the
delegates in earnest when they forbade amend-
ment till 1864-1 If so, they will attempt to carry
out their ideas; and, m doing so, they must resist
innovation. If they resist, there can be no as-
surance of a peaceful, harmless revolution. Those
who attempt to amend provoke resistance; and
they who vote fortius constitution must resist that
resistance. The consequences must be revolu-
tion and civil war. If the delegates were not in
earnest in prohibiting amendment till 1864, what
a mockery m us to approve of such wind work,
especially when bloody work must or may follow.
The tracks of blood ever follow the wrongdoer,
and follow him to the bitter, bitter end.
This constitution is made, in most respects,
irrevocable until after 1864. The machinery for
amendmentbegins to run then. Still it is an irrev-
ocable law; and it is not only absurd, impossible,
tyrannical, but anti-Democratic. Democracy, as
taught in Ohio, believes in the repealabihty of
everything by the popular voice. My State has
110 power to-day to tax certain banks; because
the Supreme Court of the United States, under
the plea of" vested rights," has taken away our
sovereignty in that respect. " Governments,"
said Burke, " without the means of change, are
without the means of their own conservation."
Who, that remembers the scorching logic of
Jeremy Bentham and Sydney Smith, on the "fal-
lacy of an irrevocable law,"can fail to feel the
utter silliness of those who propose to bind down
the freemen of Kansas for ten years in most re-
