2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Greenwood, Gregcr, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hopkins,
Houston. Hughes. Hnyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jevvett, George
W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M.
Kun-kel, Leiter, Letcher, Maclav, McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Millson,
Moore, I&aac N. Morris, Mott, Niblack, Peyton, Phillips,
Pottle, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Roberts, Rufftn,
Russell, Scales, Sewaid, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, Stanton, Stephen*, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Underwood,
Waldron, YVatkms, Wood, Wonendyke, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—91.
So the biU was not ordered to a third reading.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
move an amendment; but first I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to or-
der the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question has exhausted itself, and
I wish now to get back to the time when it can
be amended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, before the question
be put on the motion to reconsider, to hear the
amendment read, so as to know whether I will
vote to reconsider for that amendment.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the city of Carondelet, Missouri, or its corporate au-
thorities, is hereby authorized to institute suit, in the Uni-
ted States circuit court m Missouri, against the United
States or their tenants in possession, to try and determine
the title of the United States to the real estate tiact on
which Jefferson barracks are situated ; that the effect and
legal tenor ot the conveyance fiom Carondelet to the Uni-
ted States may be judicially aseeitained. and also any title
which the United States may have to said tract independ-
ently of the conveyance from Carondelet. And it shall be
the duly of the attorney foi the United States for the dis-
trict of Mw«:oiiri to prepare and to attend to such cause on
behalf of the United States,orlor the tenant in possession,
who may be impleaded in said suit: Provided, That cither
party shall have the riyht to appeal from the judgment of the
said court, m said cause, to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Davis of
Maryland, and Scales were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 70.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
b. w. palmer and others.
A bill (H. R. No. 33f>) for the relief of B. W.
Palmer and others, on which Mr. Mili.son had
asked a separate vote, was then taken up.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, this bill was
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, upon
n petition presented by myself, at an early pe-
riod of the session. The bill does not, in us pres-
ent form, accomplish the purpo-se designed by the
committee. Of course, I do not de&ne to enter
into any extended discussion of die bill. I only
wish to state its object, which I will do very briefly.
Pursers' clerks ;>t the sever;! 1 mi vy-yards are by
law entitled to receive only $500 a year, but the
duties performed by pursois' clerks in the navy-
yards arc so laborious, that {'our or five years 112:0
the Department estimated then salaries at $750,
and Congress allowed the estimate. They have,
therefore, been receiving from the Treasury De-
partment the sum of $750 a year. "Rut, sir, re-
cently one of the accounting officers of theTicas-
ury has refused to allow a larger payment than
$500, upon the ground that no specific law has
increased the salaries of these clerks, although
the appropriations made by Con^resj were made
with the understanding that tin; pursers' clerks at
certain navy-yards were to receive $750, and they
have heretofore constantly received from the Gov-
ernment $750. Now, however, the accounting
officer says to these men that they shall be called
upon to refund the excess of payment made to
them out of the Treasury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as these ire n tic men who are
pursers' clerks m navy-yjrds, have been em-
ployed by the Governni"iit under a promise of a
compensation of {77 3 0, and have actually received
$750, it would be a very oppiession upon
them, after a service of three or four years, to tell
them that they shall be obliged to lefund the ex-
cess. This bill was designed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to pi ovi-'e for localizing the pay-
ments already made,and ;o exempt these parties
from the obligation to ret'u n \/hat i he Government
has paid then. But yndei s-n.ie momentary mis-
conception, the bill reported by the Naval Commit-
tee provides only for « yenr.'umh r th-j idea that
this state of things only happened in regard to the
appropriation of one year. My object is to make
the bill apply to similar payments made in other
years.
Mr. BOCOCK. If my; colleague will yield to
me for a moment, I desire to say that the bill
which has been reported to the House is not pre-
cisely the one which the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs ordered to be reported. A mistake occurred
in the drawing up or printing of the bill.
My colleague has stated, very correctly, that,
about the time the pay of officers in the Depart-
ments here was raised, the Secretary of the Navy
came to the conclusion that the clerks of pursers
in the several navy-yards were not paid enough,
and he estimated for their pay at $750 a year.
That allowance was made by Congress, although
it was not expressed in the appropriation bill that
the clerks should have $750. Seeing, however,
the estimate made by the Department for paying
these clerks $750 per annum, the pursers paid that
amount from 1854 up to the present time. But
recently, finding that a law stood upon the stat-
ute-book fixing their pay at $500 per annum, the
accounting officers of the Treasury not only or-
dered the pursers to pay only $500 salary, instead
of $750, in future, but they actually refused to al-
low them credit for the difference between $750
and $500 for the time it has been paid. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were unanimous in the
opinion, so far as they were present when the
matter was considered, thatit would be doing very
great injustice to call upon these pursers to refund,
and compel them to call upon the clerks to refund,
the money which has been paid, and, for aught
I know, long ago expended.
And the Committee on Naval Affairs were of
that opinion for the further reason that they
thought $750 was not an unreasonable salary for
these different clerks in the navy-yards. They
intended to legalize the payment sincc 1853 up to
the present time; but this bill only legalizes the
payment for one year. The very same reasons
applicable to the legalization of this payment for
one year, will apply with equal force to every
year since 1853.
My colleague [Mr. Millson] states the facts
correctly, that the bill as now presented was not
the bill which met our approbation-, and, if he will
permit an amendment extending the provisions
of the bill back to 1854, it will meet my cordial
approbation, and I believe the approbation of
every member of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 am very glad to hear this
explanation from my colleague, the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I was satisfied
there had been some mistake, and I am vei y glad
to hear that mistake accounted lor. The object
1 have in view is to put the matter in the same
position in which the Committee on Naval Affairs
intended to put it. And 1 will say further, as a
reason for it, that these pursers' clerks arc per-
haps the hardest worked and poorest paid officers
of the Government employed in our navy-yards.
They have the accounts often of more than two
thousand men to make out, sometimes for frac-
tional parts of the week, and fractional parts of
the month. Their compensation, even at $750 a
year, is, it appeals to me, absuidly small. The
object 1 have in view is to enable the pursers to
pay their clerks as they have been paid, under the
decision of the Department. I move the follow-
ing as a substitute for the bill as reported from
committee:
"That the excels? of salary paid to I>. W. Palmer% d
othen, Uo pur-erV cleiks at ceitaui navv-jaids under the
estimates made in the naval appiopi lauon lulls Mine the
year lcCj.i, i-, her<_-bjr coni'iimed and nud-'1 legal Prnvideil,
That nothing heiein eontaiaud idiall be construed
into a repeal ot the ousting laws ie<iularnu The pay oi pur-
j -cr,' eieik**; but the dork - hcrim piovidcd io. ohai! June
| alter ie"eivo a salary of$7.ji), as piovidcd in the estimates
I aiote> ud '
! Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the pre-
| vious question upon the engrossment of the bill.
The prevunn question was seconded, and the
mam quesiion ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 understand the
effect of this amendment to be to roise the sala-
ries of these clerks ironi ^500 to S~50.
Mr. MILLION. The either is to continue their
GabrLes as they have received them. Miice 1854.
Mr. SU ERiUAN, of Ofiio. But woich they
have received m violation of law. 1 am willing
that they should not be compelled to refund what
they have received. 1 understand that the De-
partment decided that this $250 should be paid
them; and I am not willing that they should suffer
from the mistakes of the Department; but I want
the salary to remain for the future at $500, and
I am opposed, therefore, to the substitute of the
gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for tellers on the sub-
stitute.
Tellers were not ordered.
The substitute was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
taken, it was decided in the negative.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to order the" bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. I make the
motion for the purpose of enabling the gentleman
from Ohio to submit his amendment to make the
compensation for the future the same that it has
been in the past.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope that<<$750"
will be stricken out, and " $500'"inserted, so that
we will remit the cxcess of payment made here-
tofore, and then leave the salary at $500.
Mr. MILLSON. That is what I wanted to
do, because the bill as reported provides only for
a single year, while everybody admits the pro-
priety of allowing them to retain the excess which
has been paid them since 1853. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to
order the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Tho question was taken; and the motion to lay
on the table was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I now move to strike out so
much of the substitute for the bill as authorizes
their salaries to continue at $750, thus leaving the
salary as fixed by law. '
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that there
bo added the words, " and their salaries shall
remain at $500 per annum."
Mr. MILLSON. That is provided for by the
law already.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The Department
has overlooked that provision of the law for four
years, and 1 want to provide against the same
thing occurring again.
Mr. FLORENCE. £ nd I move to add "other
clerks at navy-yards." There are commandants'
clerks in the same situation as the clerks to which
icfcience has been made, and if the amendment I
propose be adopted, it will relieve the Fourth Au-
ditor from other difficulties under which ho has
labored.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think that the amend-
ment is germane.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only desire that justice
may be done to these parties. They have peti-
tioned Congress for action. They have received,
like the pursers'clerks, an excess of salary by
mistake. Their accounts were approved by the
accounting officers of the Treasury, and it has been
only of late that the Fourth Audi to i has refused
to audit their accounts, because he did not con-
sider that they have been paid under existing law,
although appropriation was made here to pay
them. This action will cost the Government
nothing, and will be only an act of justice to these
clerks. It will relieve these clerks, and end the
matter.-
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware that there are
one or two clerks at the Pennsylvania navy-yard
who have, under the sair^ wrong interpretation
of the law, received an excess of salary. I have
no objection to the provision being made for them,
if the House think proper.
Mr. FLORENCE- It provides, also, for one
or two clerks af the New Hampshire navy-yard.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
I The previous question was seconded; and the
: mam question ordered.
! The question first recurred on Mr. Florence's
; amendment.
i The Huiue divided, and there were—ayes 50,
i noes 48.
i Mr. MORGAN demanded tho yeas and nays.
; The House was divided; and there were—ayes
1 seventeen 
