1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
a sort of testamentary disposition, provided a gov-
ernment for you in all time." Men can devise or
bequeath then' own property, but I never heard
that they could make last wills and testaments of
a political character, calling them constitutions,
by which they could bind their children, and their
children's children for a hundred years; and if
they cannot do it for one hundred years, they
cannot do it for ten years, as was provided in the
Topeka constitution; no, sir, not for one week,
for one day, for one hour. It is the same in prin-
ciple.
What is the object of government? I come
back to that a ain and again. It is to protect and
secure the liberties of those who live under it; and
when it fails of that object, the people have a right
to another government. If they cannot obtain il#
peaceably, our fathers said they had a right to
take it by force of arms; but the essence of a re-
publican government is that they can get it peace-
ably and in regular form; that they need not resort
to arms; that they need not resort to what Sena-
tors call revolution; but in pursuance of the great
idea of all government, of the very authority
which they conferred on their delegates at first,
they may assume to themselves at any time, in a
due legal and orderly manner, prescribed by law,
the power of amendment. " Blessed," said Lord
Coke, " be the amending hand."
Let me guard against misconstruction here. I
do not say a constitution may not provide the
manner of its amendment. I do not say that it
may not interpose provisions calculated to require
more thorough deliberation. I do not say that it
• may not require a majority of each House of the
Legislature, or two thirds, or three fifths; because,
after all, the Legislature is elected by the people,
and what the people want they will compel the
Legislature to grant. I do not say that the people
may not require, to prevent hasty or improper
action, that the question shall be submitted to
them twice, or thrice, if you please; or that it jhall
remain so many month's for consideration; or that >
notice of the intended amendment shall be pub- j
lished in this or that manner. I do not even com- j
plain of such provisions; but I say that when a j
constitution declares, as the Topeka constitution ;
did, that in no manner, neither by a convention j
nor by the people, not by the unanimous vote of J
all those who live under it, and all those who 1
exercise authority under it, whether as legislators
or executive officers, can it be changed—whenever
a constitution declares that, the declaration is
merely void; it needs no abrogation; it never had
any life.
It has been suggested that the people, unless re-
strained, will too frequently or too rashly change
their government. To whatdoesallthatamount?
To an impeachment of the wisdom of the people
—nothing else; an assertion thatitis necessary to
provide some guardian for the people, to prevent
them from domg an injury to themselves, and as
there is no such guardian alive, that it shall be
written down in somebody's last will and testa-
ment. No, sir; the danger is exactly the oppo-
site. Tiie danger is, and always has been, that
the people will tolerate oppression and abuses
from year to year, from generation to generation,
rather than interrupt the ordinary course of pub-
lic affairs by an appeal to their original, inalien-
able, and indefeasible right to form and reform
their constitution and government. That, sir,
was the opinion of Thomas Jefferson, and of all
our illustrious ancestors who, with him, on the
4th of July, 1776, declared the causes which im-
pelled them to separate from the dominion of the
British Crown. "Prudence,indeed will dictate;"
you see it isamere question of prudence. How
prudent are the people? If they are not prudent,
who is any more prudent? Where shall we find
the appointed class which monopolizes all the
wisdom of the world? " Prudence, indeed, will
dictate that governments long established should
not be changed for light and transient causes; and
accordingly all experience hath shown that man-
kind are more disposed to suffer while evils are
sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing
the forms to which they are accustomed."
And now, sir, do the apostles of popular sover-
eignty come hither at last to declare that some
ninety thousand people for the present inhabiting
a new State of this Union, or a new State about
to be admitted, may chain the people of that State
when they shall have grown to be two millions,
when all who made the present constitution shall
have passed away, when all the purposes which
they had in view have been accomplished, and
vided by law, so that the business may be righfot
and orderly and peaceable; and when those dele-
gates shall have assembled in convention and
new schemes of ambition or views of life are j. made a constitution, whether upon their own mo-
opened to the popular apprehension—that these jj tion or a popular ratification, instead of being a
; two millions of freemen, whose rights and whose
' liberties are as sacred as those of the first ninety
' thousand, are bound by an inexorable fate, which
, no human power can unbind, to the terms of a
: constitution made for them in ages past r Is that
popular sovereignty ? I should call it the sover-
eignty of dead men's bones.
One of the ablest, most learned, and purest
! judges of the Supreme Court, I mean Mr. Justice
I Campbell, has expressed his views on this sub-
; ject in the judicial forum. It is admitted that the
1 case of Kansas does not stand upon mere silence
1 in her constitution ; it is admitted that the Kansas
I bill of rights contains an unqualified declaration,
, to which I shall advert by and by—a declaration
copied from the first constitution of the State of
Ohio. Mr. Justice Campbell, in expounding those
very words, not in a case of revolution, but in a
I case of peaceable amendment, spoke to this effect.
| I read now from his opinion in Dodge vs. Wool-
i sey, 18th Howard, page 374:
I " Tiie inquiry arises, to what did the authority of the peo-
ple extend ? It was their right to ameliorate every vicious
[ institution, and to do whatever an enlightened statesman-
ship might prescribe for the advancement of their own
happiness ; and for this end, peisons and things in tile State
were submitted to their authority."
Again, page 375;
<- If tiie powers of the people of a State are inadequate to
this object, tiien their grave and solemn declarations of their
rishts and then- aulhority over their governments, and of ihe
ends for which their governments and the institutions of
tiif ir governments were framed, and the responsibility of
rulets and magistrates to themselves, arc nothing but' great
swelling words of vanity.' "
Amen, Mr. Justice Campbell; you never spoke
more truthfully in all your life. I next read what
he said at page 379, on the next question whether
the people could be trusted, or stood in need of
somebody to hold their hands for five or six
years:
" It may be that the people may abuse the powers with
which itipy are invested ; and, even in correcting the abuses
of their Government, may not in every case act with wis-
dom and ciicumspection.
" But, lor my part, when I consider the justice, modera-
; tion, the restraints upon arbitrary power, the stability of so-
; cial Older, the security ot persona! rights, and general har-
j inony winch existed in the countiy before the sovereignty
' of governments was asserted ; and when the sovereignly of
' the people wa* a living and operative principle, and govern-
ments weic administered subject to the limitations and with
reference to the specific ends lor which they were organ-
ized, and their membersrceognized their responsibility and t   
to the^peopl'e^of3 Olno fS^e^^ \\ the parts of an instrument must be taken together:
I eminent, and all the institutions and establishment* it has one shall not destroy the rest—but each, in Its
called into existence." j| place and in its order, shall receive a construction
Sir, Mr. Justice Campbell has drawn the very !i compatible with the integrity of the other parts.
] dictinction to which I adverted. Popular sover- In addition, whatever de.rogates from the rights
eignty,accordingtothe newinterpretation, means ;i of the people must be strictly construed. That is
the sovereignty of a government. I prefer a so v- |j another universal maxim of the law. Accordingly,
i ereignty beyond the government. The same prin-
i ciple was recognized by Daniel Webster. I cite
him because, certainly, as a constitutional law-
petition, as we are told here, that constitution is
the fundamental and organic law of the land.
I have argued thus far as if the constitution of
Kansas had no provision at any time for any
amendment. What, then, would have been the
case ? I think I may say, without the citation of
more authority, or further argument—it is a prop-
osition too plain to be disputed—that the power
which made a constitution can unmake or amend
it. But, sir, is it true, as stated by the minority
of the Committee on Territories, that the consti-
tution of Kansas forbids any amendment? The
minority allege that " inasmuch as the Lecomp-
ton constitution provides a mode of amendment,
after the year 1864, it thereby excludes the pos-
sibility of any lawful change until that period."
That is an argal for you. What does the con-
stitution say? If the specific method of amend-
ment therein contained be of any force, it is in
derogation of the general, the universal, the in-
dubitable power of amendment which would
exist if no method had been prescribed. It is in
derogation of a fundamental principle. Let us
read the clause:
"After the year 1864, whenever the Legislature shall think
it necessary to amend, alter, or change this constitution, they
shall recommend to the electors at the next general election,
two thirds of tiie members of each House concurring, to
vote for or against calling a convention ; and if it shall ap-
pear that a majority of all citizens of the State have voted
lor a convention, the Legislature shall, at its next regular
session, call a convention, to consist of as many members
as there may be in the House of Representatives at the
time, to be chosen in the same manner, at the same places,
and by the same electors thatchoose the Representatives."
"After the year 1864." What maybe done
before that? 'The constitution is simply silent.
There is nonegative word here. The whole clause
is in derogation, as I have said, of a universal
principle; and yet, contrary to all the canonsof
interpretation I have ever read, instead of being
strictly construed, Senators enlarge it to a cir-
cumference which its language cannot possibly
embrace. What is the case before 1864 ? What it
would be if there had been nothing in the consti-
tution—just exactly the same. But the case does
not end there. The constitution of Kansas has
carefullyguarded the rights of the people. Having
provided a special method of amendment after the
year 1864, it has taken pains to prevent any false
i construction. There are two principles which I
think can be taken for certain. One is, that all
; yer, our opponents cannot except to him; and if
ji gentlemen think these propositions too radical,
|| although supported by the authority of Mr. Jus-
jj tice Campbell, and of Mr. Justice Catron, and
j Mr. Justice Daniel, who concurred with him, I
li will introduce the very apostle of conservatism. {
J - In his famous argument in the case of Luther vs. i
i Borden, 7th Howard, 31, 32, Mr. Webster said: ;
i' "The opposite counsel have cited the examples of the j
;' different States m winch constitutions have been altered, j
Omvtwo provided for conventions, and yet conventions j
' have been held in many of them. Duthowr AUvaysthese
the people of Kansas, in this constitution, have
declared m their bill of rights—in that which de-
clares the great principles behind all constitutions
and above all governments—
"That the great and essential principles of liberty ami
free government may be recognized and established, we de-
clare"—
Declare what? Let us hear:
—all political power is inherent in the people, and all free
governments are founded on their authority' —
Not the authority of somebody who lived a
hundred years ago, but—
their authority, and instituted for their benefit •  and
therefore"—
 ,    - , because political power is inherent in the people;
uventions were called together oy the Legislature ; and ,j ;ni1PI.ollt g0 that it never can bo separated from
single constitution lias ever been aUered by means ot a . ^ wit of man, by any form of language,
nvention gotten up by mass meeungo.- _ 'i hv^lvpro™ion of any constitution;''anf there-
It seems Mr. Webster had not mucn opinion of u f ,, ];)ecauge a][ free governments are founded
the Topeka business
i u There must be an authentic mode of ascertaining the
i public will somehow and somewhere. If not, it is a gov-
ernment of the strongest and most numerous-
How was that will to be found out? The Le-
, gislature chosen by the people—the sameauthoi-
1 itv which first directed the people when, wnere,
! and in what manner to elect delegates to form a
constitution, each member of the Legits,atur- 
! on tiie authority of the people, and instituted for
tiie benefit of the people—
, —" therefore they have at all times"—
| not after the year 1864, but—
! —'-atall times an inalienable and indefeasible right to alter,
; reform, or abolish, their form of government, m sucn man-
. nei as they think proper.''
Thev must do it, as Mr. Webster says, in a
- - The will of the
i neonle • " will vou have a revision of your con- |. cannot have it accoiding to the a T.eo-js-
| stitution ?" If so, choose your delegates: let them i: peka. It must bebyfora 0 ^ of the Jaw.
i assemble at such time and place as we litue pro- i, Iuture must give as*.nt
