58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 16,
the alarm. There is something in the time and
circumstances attending. a speech which enter
quite as largely into the question, whether it is
a-good or a bad speech, whether it is right or
"wrong, as the abstract sentiments contained in it
I say that it is not my intention to attempt any
reply to the positions assumed by the gentleman
from Ohio, but I do say that so far as time is con-
cerned, so far as circumstances are concerned
under which he has chosen to make his speech,
they are all against him.
What is the question before this House ? A
motion to print twenty thousand extra copies of
the President's message for the information of the
people. That message contains some ideas and
some recommendations in reference to Kansas
affairs. There is no question before this House as
to what shall be done with Kansas, whether she.
shall be admitted into this Union as a free State or
as aslave State. If that question is to come, it is
to comc in the future. If the Lecompton constitu-
tion, which thegentleman has discussed, is to come
to this House, it is to come hereafter. Upon this
question, thus presented, the gentleman, as he will
permit me to say, startled this House, or at least
his political friends here, by entering into a dis-
cussion of the merits of the President's message
on this motion. His written speech, elaborately
prepared and delivered on this question, was
unexpected to me, because I knew, or at least
believed, that we had no presidential candidates
in this body. Allusion has been made to a dis-
tinguished Senator and to his position. It may
be well, perhaps, for that Senator to look to his
laurels and his presidential prospects. He may
learn that discussions on the merits of a message,
precipitated upon a deliberative body on a mo-
tion to print, can be raised in the House of Rep-
resentatives as well as in the Senate.
I wish to correct one position that the gentle-
man from Ohio has assumed in regard to the
questions which were decided by the people of
the Northwest in the last presidential election. I
understand him to say in substance and with em-
phasis, that the people of Ohio, in the last presi-
dential election, did decide that the constitution
of Kansas, whatever it might happen to be, should
be submitted to a vote of the people. Sir, I ap-
prehend that there was no material difference be-
tween the issues presented in that canvass in the
State of Indiana and those presented in Ohio; and
if the gentleman from Ohio will travel back with
me for a short space of time he will recollect that
the term " popular sovereignty," upon which lie
has dwelt with so much emphasis, was not under-
stood until after the presidential election was over,
[laughter,] and after the decision in the Dred
Scott case by the Supreme Court of the United
States. Until then the question was not under-
stood in all sections of the Union alike, and was
not understood in the sense in which he seems
to understand it.
The gentleman will recollect that the Missouri
compromise was a prohibition which could only
obtain over Kansas while it remained in a terri-
torial condition. That compromise was repealed
by the Nebraska bill. I ask the gentleman what
was the doctrine which he advocated in the State
of Ohio? Why, sir, it was that much-abused
doctrine of ''squatter sovereignty;" it was that
the people in a territorial condition, speaking
through the Territorial Legislature, constituted
under the organic act of the Territory of Kansas,
had the power to decide the slavery question for
themselves; and, sir, if the gentleman will refer
to the debates in this House during the last ses-
sion, he will find that my colleague from the New
Albany district, [Mr. English,] in discussing
this question, stated that that was the understand-
ing of the Democracy of the Northwest upon that
question; and it was frankly admitted here, by
gentlemen from the North and by gentlemen from
the South, that upon this question there was a
difference of opinion—but not a material one, or
one of any importance—between the party in the
North and the party in the South. But now, sir,
we have a construction by a judicial decision, and
it has always been the doctrine of the Democratic
party to conform to the judicial decisions of the
country, although it is not the doctrine of that
party which seems to be amused on this floor by
the mere recital of the truths of history.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] is the
advocate of popular sovereignty. He proposes
not to stand by the President, in his message,
upon this question. Well, sir, if such were my
conviction, I should hold it back to the last mo-
ment. If I found myself compelled to separate
from the Democratic party and from the Admin-
istration, I should go reluctantly; I should go at
the last moment; I would not be the first to leave
the ship. Where will the gentleman go to carry
out this favorite idea of popular sovereignty ?
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
answer his question ? *
Mr. HUGHES. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I will go to the Cincinnati plat-
form; to the pledges of Mr. Buchanan; to the
instructions given to Governor Walker; and to
the message of the President himself, and stand
by the general principle he lays down there,
although he says for the present he cannot carry
that principle out; and, standing on that rock,
the gentleman cannot drive me out of the Demo-
cratic party by any little scornful indignation
from Indiana. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. It was very far from my
purpose to attempt to treat the gentleman or his
argument with scorn. It was an able argument.
I think it was a mischievous one. I look upon
it with sorrow and regret. But I will repeat the
inquiry, where will the gentleman go in search
of that popular sovereignty which he says means
that the people, and the whole people, shall have
the privilege of voting upon their constitution,
and upon the whole of their constitution ? Will
he go to those men and to that party who are
attempting to force upon the people of Kansas
the Topekaconstitution > Will he go to the party
which made that constitution a plank in their
platform in the presidential canvass?
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman want an an-
swer?
Mr. HUGHES. I would rather not be inter-
rupted.
Mr. COX. Well, I will not go there.
Mr. HUGHES. Where will the gentleman go,
then ? Why, lie says he will take the Cincinnati
platform under one arm and tlio President's mes-
sage under the other, and Governor Walker's
proclamation in one pocket and the President's
instructions in another, and will go off and form
a party by himself. That was the idea. Well,
sir, it is to be regretted that some gentlemen are
not either of sufficient importance in the country
to build up a new party, or sufficiently humble to
follow faithfully in the ranks of one already or-
ganized.
Now, sir, I said that I did not propose to fol-
low the gentleman in this discussion. I am not
prepared to do so. I deprecate the discussion. I
think that, in point of time and in point of cir-
cumstances, it is a discussion which all the friends
of order, of peace, and of harmony in this coun-
try ought to deprecate. Who has yet asked the
gentleman in this House to vote for the Lecomp-
ton constitution? Who is it that is complaining
against the supposed tyranny that is to be exer-
cised upon the people of Kansas? Wait until
that constitution is presented here, and wait then
until complaints come from the people of Kansas,
and be not in haste to go to the great State of
Illinois to violate the principle of popular sover-
eignty, and find out what the State of Illinois
thinks ought to be done in Kansas.
Sir, the question before the House is on a
motion to print. In its present form, it does not
admit of any test. I think it due to the message,
and due to the President, that since his sentiments
and his recommendations and his policy have been
thus prematurely assailed, the question should be
presented to this House in such form that gentle-
men can distinctly vote their approbation or their
disapprobation of that message. I want to see
gentlemen from the North as well as gentlemen
from the South show their hands upon this ques-
tion. I, for one, would have been glad to see this
matter postponed; perhaps the cloud would have
passed away; but since the assault has been made,
I am called upon to choose whether I will remain
with the Administration and with the Democratic
party, orgo to the opposite party, or stand neutral,
giving aid and comfort to the enemies of popular
sovereignty, and to those whose uniform course
it is to denounce the judicial tribunals of the
country, if, in the discharge of a sworn duty, they
happen to cross their ideas of political policy.
Since we are brought to that, let us choose, and
let each member have an opportunity to say where
he will stand upon this question. I therefore
offer the following as a substitute for the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Printing; and
upon it I demand the previous question:
Whereas, the principles declared and the measures rec-
ommended in the annual message of the President of the
United States meet with the approbation of this Ilouse,
and ought to bo embodied in the legislation of the present
session of Congress, wherever legislative action is neces-
sary to give them effect: Therefore,
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the mes-
sage and aeeompanymg documents be printed for the use
of the members of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. KEITT. I call for tellers an the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
BiixiNGHtmsT were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that amend-
ment in order ? I do not think it is.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Because it is ir-
relevant. We have not got the message under
consideration, but merely the question whether
we will print extra copies of it or not. The
amendment is out of order, in my opinion, because
it is irrelevant.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and then to withdraw his amendment.
If that be done, I desire to appeal to the House
to sustain the previous question, and take a vote
on the resolution reported by the Committee on
Printing. [Loud cries of " Order!"] We can
then go into the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union and discuss this question.
[Renewed cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SHORTER. I desire to make an inquiry.
Is it in order to move to strike out the preamble
to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
previous question is demanded.
Mr. BARKSDALE, (at five minutes of three
o'clock.) Imovethatthe House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
whether, in voting on that amendment, we do not
vote first on the resolution, and then 011 the pre-
amble ?
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I object to debate on the pretense of asking a
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman had better
know what he objects to before he does object.
Mr. STANTON. What I object to is the gen-
tleman making an argument under the pretense
of asking a question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thegentleman is mistaken.
I asked, in good faith, a question of the Chair.
I desire to know of the Chair, whether, in voting,
we do not vote first on the resolution, and then
on the preamble in the amendment? I asked it
in good faith, and the gentleman went off at half-
cock.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know
whether the gentleman from Alabama did not
know that before he asked the question ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I doubt very much whether
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] under-
stands the point involved in my question even
now.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will withdraw his call for
the previous question.
It was not withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is in order, and overrules the question
of order of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
The tellers took their places, and the Houso
proceeded to vote on seconding the demand for
the previous question.
Pending the vote—
Mr. HUGHES said: I am disposed to yield
to the solicitations of my friends, and, with the
advice of older heads, I propose to withdraw the
substitute, but I adhere to the demand for the
previous question on the proposition.
The tellers reported—ayes, one hundred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana withdraws his amendment, and renews the
demand for the previous question.
