106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas-*—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to remark, in or-
der that my friend will understand me, that I
speak for myself only.
Mr. PXJGH. I am very sorry that within the
last five minutes the hopes which I had of an ad-
journment have passed away; but certainly, al-
though I have no doubt the honorable Senator
from Maine would be quite as good as his word,
he is not authorized to speak for those who ordi-
narily act with him. Now what does the assur-
ance which has just been given by the Senator
from Illinois and various other Senators amount
to? It is a general suggestion that they have
no disposition to delay unnecessarily; and they
couple that with what is claimed by the.Senator
from Massachusetts and others on this floor, that
every Senator has a right to express his opinions
upon this bill; to express them, as they say, at
reasonable hours, and at his own length. Why,
sir, half a dozen Senators have spoken two days
on this question. That was their own length and
at hours which they chose. There are sixty-two
members of this Senate, and according to this ex-
traordinary proposal, every question should be
debated one hundred and twenty-four days.
Now, sir, 1 want to deliver my views on this
question, but if the majority in the Senate are
ready to act, they have the right to act without
hearing me. I do not understand that the Gov-
ernment of the United States keeps a debating
society here for gentlemen to make speeches to
the country. 1 understand that it has sent men
here to do the legislation of the country; and when
those who are responsible for the legislation are
ready to act and have the power to act, whether
I am one of the majority or one of the minority,
that is not one of my rights. My right is to vote.
That right cannot be taken from me.
As to this assertion of the right of Senators to
speak for two days on every question—to begin
at one o'clock on every day, and speak until four
or five o'clock, and then adjourn over—why, sir,
no business would be done in this Government,
no business can be done with such obstructions
as these. There is no  such right. I claim none
for myself, and I am the peer of any Senator on
this floor. I represent as much sovereignty as he
does; but on any question where I am m tin; ma-
jority ormmouty, i do not chum it. I disclaim it,
to stand here and talk against time, day after day
and week after week, in oider that my speeches
may be taken down by that gentleman, and dis-
tributed throughout the country. If gentlemen
want to talk, let them talk to their constituents,
and at their own expense. 1 say 1 do wish to
ispeak on thisqueslion; but if 1 find the majority
of the Sonato impatient for the question, and
ready to vote on the question, 1 will give up my
speech. If I cannot get a chance to make it.some
other time this session, I will go and make it to the
people of the State of Ohio. Therefore it is, that
when gentlemen assert that a great outrage is per-
petrated on this or on any other question, it only
amounts to this: that in making their speeches
they are not allowed to select their own days, their
own time, and theirown length, and to begin from i
the very foundation of the world on every subject. ,
Sir, 1 have had the honor of a scat in this Sen-
ate something more than two years, and I have ■
heard speeches made here this session—twice ;
made—that wore made five or six times over dor- :
ing the last Congress. I name no gentleman; but •
I have heard the same speech over and over and ;
over again. 1 do not know but what I could make
it myself from memory. Sir, it is nodebatmgof ,
the question. We cannot have a question of the ■
present condition of the hill for the admission of
fcansas brought up but we must have gentlemen |
go back to the ordinance of 1787, to the Dred i
Scott case, to the old black-letter English law, |
and spread out over any number of hours; and if
not allowed to do it, then a great outrage is perpe- ;
trated. . j
Now, sir, I said to-night that I wished to give )
the Senator from New Hampshire, because he i
was a new member of this body, the utmost limit ■
that has ever been conferred on any Senator with- 1
in my memory, and I voted to adjourn two or |
three times, and several times did not vote. But I
when 1 saw those who are the minority, endeav- !
oring not to spend the time which was given in j
debating the question, but in frivolous motions, i
made professedly for delay, I was determined that
my physical strength should give way before I
would submit to it. I will submit" to the lawful
orders of the majority, (and I am one of the mi-
nority,) but I will never submit to the orders of
a minority in anything, neither lawful nor un-
lawful; and whenever the attempt is made by
mere repetition of motions, or calls for the yeas
and nays, I will sit as long as my colleague will
sit here before I submit.
Now that gentlemen on this side say there are
to be sixteen speeches made, and gentlemen feel
under no obligation of honor, under no obliga-
tion with reference to the business of the coun-
try, under no obligation to the impatience of the
great majority of the Senate to vote, to contract
their speeches, if those sixteen speeches are to be
three hours or four hours long, apiece, I would
as lief hear them now as during the next two
weeks. But I have confidence in honorable gen-
tlemen, if they will indicate to me any ultimate
time—if they say that this vote shall certainly be
taken within ten days, or certainly be taken
within two weeks, 1 am satisfied. What limit
have we? Sixteen speeches are to be made, says
the Senator from Massachusetts. How long are
they to bo ? The Lord only knows. If that be
the ease, I had as lief sit here to-night, uncom-
fortable as it is to me, as to adjourn over in this
uncertainty. Therefore, I insist that if no other
gentleman will make the very honorable and very
fair proposition of the Senator from Maine, for
which I am infinitely obliged to him individually—
if the rest take refuge under the generalities ut- j
tcrcd by the Senator from Illinois, that the ma- |
jonty of this body, anxious to press the public
business, will find that the word of promise may
be kept to the ear, but broken to the hope—I
hope that there will be no adjournment unless we
come to better terms.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not know whether the ■
pending motion to postpone this subject until to- i
morrow at half past twelve o'clock is mine or '
unothergontlenum's; butifit is mine, I withdraw i
it. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MASON. 1 thought I proposed the mo-
tion. |
Mr. WILSON. But a single word in reply to
the Senator from Ohio. The Senator speaks with
some degree of feeling. Now, Mr. President, I
am free to say that if I was in a majority, and
sustaining any measure of public policy here with
the responsibility that belongs to a majority, I
should feel under obligations to press the matter
properly along. I have no complaint to make of
that; but, as has been stated to-day, over and over
again, there is no disposition on the part of the
minority in this body to throw any unnecessary
obstructions in the way of the majority. I think
the Senator from Ohio, and all other Senators,
ought to be willing to take the responsibility, as
the majority of this body, toadjourn over and post-
pone this question until half past twelve o'clock
to-moirow, and give us of the minority, who
never had any consultations at all upon this ques-
tion, an opportunity to come together as we have
proposed to do, and already indicated to each
other.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator why they did
not have a consultation? Does he not remember
the notice given a week ago by the Senator from
Missouri that an attempt would be made to take
the vote to-day? Why have you not consulted ?
Mr. WILSON. f will tell the Senator from
Ohio why we have not consulted. We held con-
versations with several gentlemen on the other
side, leading men upon that side of the Chamber,
and we were told it could not be expected that the
vote would be taken to-day: but they thought it
could be taken this week. Why, sir, 1 had a con-
versation with the distinguished Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] on Friday or Saturday
kst, in which he said ho thought we could take
the vote this week, but that it would not be taken
to-day. 1 did not dream of such a thing, and I
wrote to my colleague that the vote in all human
probability could not be taken until the close of
the week, and if he got here on Thursday he
would be here in time to vote on the question. I
wrote to him this morning.
The Senator from Mississippi has expressed
himself here, I think, as being satisfied with our
position upon this matter. He says that our re-
quest to have an opportunity to meet for consult-
ation to-morrow morning, is a reasonable one.
JNow, sir, I wish to say another thing. The
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] it is un-
derstood, wants to speak upon this question. For
days he has been confined to a sick bed. I learn
from him that he cannotpossibly speak this week;
that it is barely probable that he could speak on
the last day of the week, but that he undoubtedly
could on Monday next. The Senator from Ohio
says that if we can close this debate in eight or
ten or twelve days 
Mr. HALE. Two weeks.
Mr. WILSON. He says he does not object
if we fix some reasonable time. I have no doubt
under heaven that we could close it in six days.
I am ready to meet at twelve o'clock daily, and
go regularly on with the subject until six o'clock
in the evening. The Senator wants to know how
long the speeches are to be. I have made inquiries
of members of the Senate in regard to the speak-
ing. As I said, I find that fourteen members are
i preparing to speak in opposition to this measure.
Some of them are ready to go on now; others will
be ready to do so m one or two days. I suppose
those speeches will not average two hours apiece.
I think some of them will not exceed one hour,
; or an hour and a quarter, or an hour and a half.
' I think the majority here oughttohave confidence,
| after the declaiations made that there will be and
i shall be no factious opposition, if we have a fair
opportunity; and all I ask is an opportunity to
meet to-morrow morning and consult. We will
then give a frank and manly answer.
flie question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, n&ys 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodenek, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Douglas, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Halo, Hamlin,
Harlan, King, Soward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and VVil-
bon—18.
NAY?—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs. Bi< ler,
Brown, Fitch, Gieen, Gwin, Hammond, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ivennedv, Mallory,
Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, ShdeJl, Thomson of New
Jeisoy, Toombs,-and Wriglit—20.
So the Senate refused to postpone the consid-
eration of the question.
Mr. SEWAUD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodenek, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
iittlc, Douglas Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilamhn,
Hailau, King, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Biggs,Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Gioen, Gwrn, Hammond, Johnson ot Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennc?-eo, Jones, MaJlory, Mason,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of New Jeisey,
Toombs, and Wright—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me, I had intended to sub-
mit some remarks on the motion to postpone this
question until to-morrow, and for the purpose of
making them, it will be necessary that I should
make a motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of this subject until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock. I make that motion, as I desire
to submit some remarks upon it.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. GREEN. I raise the point of order that
this motion has just been voted down, and that
an adjournment has been voted down, and that
no motion has intervened.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to ad-
journ intervened.
Mr. GREEN. I know it did; but no proceed-
ings intervened.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Wisconsin
will allow me, I will state that I am inclined to
think, if the Senator from New Hampshire is al-
lowed to go on to-nightand finish his speech, that
the Senate is disposed to adjourn and take the
chances.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will you pledge your side
to do it ?
Several Senators. No.
Mr. POLK. I think it would be a good oppor-
