1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
This constitution hassaid, afterthe year 1864, the
form of law shall be thus and so; before 186-},
it shall be the very same fcrm of lav.' by which
the constitution was made. What was that? An
act of the Legislature, in the first instance, in-
quiring of the people whether they would have a
convention; and when the people responded, an-
other act of the Legislature, providing for the
election of delegates, and the assembling of a con-
vention; and thereupon the act of the people in
choosing the delegates, and of the delegates in
assembling in convention, and forming a State
constitution and government.
What is the effect of that provision in the four-
teenth section of the schedule? I can state my
views on that point distinctly. This constitution
is an experiment; it is untried in all its provisions;
it may work well, it may work badly; and there-
fore the good people of Kansas have said, until
1864, this which is new, this which is untried,
this which is a mere experiment, shall remain
subject to the will of the people, by their proper
authorities, in due form of law to amend and per-
fect it, just as we arc allowed in the Senate, I be-
lieve, to perfect a clause before any motion to
strike it out: but, after 1864, if the constitution
should stand so long, if, on experience, it proves
to be sufficient, you shall be subject, not to a pro-
hibition of amendment, but you shall proceed with
the utmost deliberation. It shall then'require
more than a majority in the Legislature to submit
any question to the people.
For these reasons, sir, it is my opinion, care-
fully and deliberately formed, that the people of
Kansas, under this constitution, have as ample
powers of revision and amendment as they could
desire. If there be anything improper in their
constitution, if there be anything which the dele-
gates have inserted without due regard to the
wishes of the people, whether it be African sla-
very, or a railroad system, or a banking system,
or the qualification of State officers, or what not,
then the people, if they deem it material, if they
find it of any consequence to the administration
of their government, tiie protection of their tights,
the security of their liberties, may amend that,
and amend it m duo form of law. That is my
opinion of the constitution, given, as 1 have said,
after the most thorough examination of it, and all
the principles which relate to this subject.
If any State, applying for admission, were to
present a constitution declaring that, for some in-
definite period, there should be no power of revis-
ion or amendment by the people, I would turn to
that clause of the Federal Constitution which de-
clares that the United States shall guaranty to
every State a republican form of government. It
would not be republican; it would be a despotism
of parchment; it would compel the people to rev-
olution. I think the essence of republican gov-
ernment is, that the people need never resort to
violence. What is this guarantee contained m the.
Constitution of the United States? It is not a
guarantee to the State government; it is not a guar-
antee to theGovernorand Legislature ot'thc State,
because they are the very persons to lie guarded
against. It is a guarantee to every citizen of the
State against his own government; and it has been
placed under the guardianship of the Federal Gov- !
eminent representing all the States, in order to
prevent any usurpation, by anarchy, by the lapse
of time, by the accumulation of abuses, in any of
the States.
This brings me to the language of my proposed
amendment. Entertaining the views which 1 have
expressed, that a provision such as the minority !
of the committee impute to this constitution would I
be void, and therefore of no consequence; and en- 1
tertaining furthermore a deliberate opinion that !
the right to alter, reform, or abolish the constitu- j
(ion in due process of law, in a peaceable and !
orderly manner, is not only admitted, but is de- I
oiared and guarantied, some gentleman may ask j
me what need of any amendment? I offer the ;
amendment to silence a false clamor—for no other j
purpose in the world. As to my own judgment, |
individually. I should be perfectly satisfied to vote I
fir the bill without it; but the Senator from Mich- |
igan, [Mr. STtrARi,] early in this session, com- i
inented on that paragraph, in answer to several j
pertinent suggestions. H" was reminded of the i
fact that the State of New fork had changed her 1
constitution in disregard of the mode of amend- >
ment provided i.n it—not by a revolution, for it i
was peaceably done; the people voted for it. He
was reminded that many other States had done
likewise. The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Ken-
nedy] told us that his State has determined to do
it, I believe within the last ten days, and neither
party in the Legislature dissented. I believe the
State of Indiana altered her constitution without
pursuing the form of amendment prescribed in it.
But what was the answer of the Senator from
Michigan to all this ? He was fully possessed of
the idea that the people of ICatisas were under
some sort of terror and disability; that there was
a great hostile influence ready to seize upon them;
and he said to us, suppose they do alter the con-
stitution before 1864: it will never avail. Indeed ?
The Legislature submits the question to the peo-
ple; the people vote for amendment; then the Le-
gislature provides for the election of delegates; the
delegates are chosen and assemble, and they form
a constitution; that constitution, if you please,
is submitted to the people and ratified by the
people. Who can prevent that constitution from
taking effect? Not the Legislature, because the
Legislature consented; not the people, because
they voted for it; not the Governor, for he signed
the bill, or his veto was overruled; not the courts
of the State, for they will stand or fall by the con-
stitution,and their judges are chosen by the peo-
ple, either directly or through an appointment of
the Governor.
Who is to prevent it? Oh! .said the Senator,
the Governor, or the man who claims to have been
Governor, and to be serving out the fragment of
a term, with or without the assent of the Legis-
lature, (it must bo without the assent of the Legis-
lature, for tliny have already committed them-
selves to the new organization;) the Governor,
pretending that the Legislature could not be con-
vened, will apply to the President of the United
States to subdue the people of Kansas, and over-
throw their new constitution, and the President
will use the Army of the United States to subdue
them. I do not believe that James Bnchanan will,
for he has declared twice, ill the most unqualified
manner, that he admits this right of the people to
amend their constitution. But suppose thatjames
Tiuchanan has ceased to be in office; let the Sen-
ator have the utmost limit to his imagination; let
us suppose he can find a Governor in Kansas,
serving out a fragment of a term, to call on some j
President who is regardless of his duty, and the
President should attempt to use the Army of the ;
UnitedStatesfor thepurposeof subverting a con- '
stitution established by the people: then I say to
the Senator, although it is the most improbable
suggestion I ever heard, the furthest possible from
all our experience, yet still, that there, may be no
excuse left, I will give him in this bill a curb for
the mouth of any future President of the United
States.
I believe it was also suggested that the judiciary
of the United States might make some decision.
Suppose the judiciary did; of what effect would
be their mandate? I believe the judiciary of the
United States sent a mandate to tlie State of Geor-
gia, once upon a time, reversing the conviction of
a prisoner for murder. The mandate was that
the prisoner should be discharged. How did the
judiciary of the United States succeed? The
Legislature of Georgia passed a joint resolution
directing the sheriff to hang the man on a day
certain, and ho was hanged. The mandate was
of no effect; and if ten thousand judiciaries of
the United States were to attempt to say to the
people of a State, acting through the forms of' law,
" we will make your constitution; we will say
what your constitution shall be;" they will have
as little satisfaction as from that mandate ad-
dressed to the State of Georgia.
But, sir, the Supreme Court of the United States
never will entertain such a question. The court
has solemnly decided nnon argument of eminent
counsel in the case of Luther its. Borden, that it
had no power to decide which of two instruments 1
was the constitution of a State. The decision is j
here in the book to which I have referred. I will
even guard that. The Senator shall have such a j
declaration in the act of admission that no Presi-
dent and no judiciary shall ever interfere with !
that constiuction of the constitution of Kansas I
which her own people and her own duly consti- j
tuted authorities may place on it. I will protect !
the right of the State of Kansas to interpret her I
own constitution; for it is her right, through her I
judiciary, through her Legislature, and through
her State officers. I will protect it against the
Federal Government; and that is the sole purpose
of my amendment—not that I think the amend-
ment necessary—not that I think any such eni' r-
ge.icy as the Senator suggests will ever arise, for
I have not the slightest expectation of that; but,
as I said, to silence a false clamor, that it may not
go forth to be asserted frdm Maine to Georgia,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, that the Congress
of the United States has oppressed the people ©f
Kansas—has forced on them a constitution (I be-
lieve that is the phrase now) which is unalterable
for eight, ten, or twenty years. To be sure, sir,
there is a paragraph at the end of that section of
the schedule to this effect:
^'But no alteration shall be made to'affect the rights of
propel ty in the ownership of slaves."
Why, said the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] although the rest ofthe constitution may
be altered, they cannot abolish the institution of
slavery! Mr. President, I would answer to that,
if it were true, just what I answered before: the
constitution could no more provide that one part
of it should not be altered than none of it should
be. This very clause, this fourteenth article of
the schedule to the constitution of Kansas, was
copied from the first constitution of the State of
Ohio, with the single exception that the unalter-
able condition, as Senators call it, at the end, is
the converse of what was in the first constitu-
tion of Ohio, namely, that no alteration should be
made to introduce slavery into the State.
We had a convention of delegates in the State
of Ohio, in May, 1850, of which three of my hon-
ored colleagues in the other House were members.
I propounded to one of them, in December last,
the question, " What was your view, as one of
the delegates of the people of Ohio, when you
formed our present constitution; did you under-
stand that slavery could not be tolerated in this,
if the«peop!e wished it?" 'iNo," he said: " cer-
tainly we thought our powers unlimited; we ex-
cluded slavery in the new constitution because
we did not like it, not becausc we were prevented
by the old constitution." But the difficulty with
this provision in the constitution of Kansas is,
that it has no reference to the institution of sla-
very at all; it is a mere protection of a vested right
in property; it extends simply to the pers'ons held
as slaves at the time ofthe alteration. In that the
clause is simply a repetition of the bill of rights,
namely, the tenth section: " Nor shall any per-
son's property be taken or applied to the public
use, unless compensation be made therefor."
That clause would have been sufficient without
the proviso contained in the schedule.
In that connection permit me to say here, rather
as an episode, a few words as to the unfairness
said to have been practiced on the people by the
submission of the 21st of December. Atone time
I thought the complaint might possibly have some
foundation, not having examined thoroughly the
constitution of Kansas. When I keard eloquent
Senators on this floor declarc that no man was al-
lowed to vote for or against slavery without also
voting for the constitution, it struck me as the
interpolation of a test in the right of suffrage as
obnoxious as the test laws passed by the first Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Kansas. When, however,
I come to look at the question further, I saw that
the constitution at large was not submitted at all,
but only the seventh article. The seventh article
has a name prefixed to it in the constitution; a
title given to it—" Article seven, Slavery." That
is the name of the article. It is just as much
known by that name as each of us is known by
his name. That seventh article is a simple addi-
tion to the constitution. The constitution is per-
fect without it; it would have been just as good
a constitution without the seventh article as with
it, a mi might have gone into effect without it; and
at one time when I thought of offering a propo-
sition to the Senate for the settlement of this ques-
tion, before we knew fairly what the vote had
been on the 21st of December, I proposed to admit
the State of Kansas, and allow her people to vote
afterwards, whether they would add the seventh
article to the constitution or not, for it was just as
good without the seventh article as with it; and
they could add that afterwards if they chose.
What was the question submitted ? The con-
stitution with slavery; that is, with the seventh
article; or the constitution with no slavery; that
