1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Asamem-
ber of the Committee on the Judiciary, I want to
say a word, inasmuch as the course of the com-
mittee has been called in question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Thisistoo serious
a matter to pass over hastily, and I hope the call
for the previous question will be withdrawn.
Mr. BRYAN. Judge Watrous is a constitu-
ent of mine, and I hope I may have a chance to
say a word. I will renew the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the matter be post-
poned until Monday.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am willing that
it should go over.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. As a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, I dislike that the
remarks of the gentleman from Texas should go
out to ihe country without reply. As I think,
unjust aspersions have been cast upon the com-
mittee, and I desire to reply to them.
Mr. REAGAN. I trust that if the gentleman
thinks I have cast any reflection on the commit-
tee, he will be permitted to speak; but I am not
conscious of it.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman from Texas speaks of the committee hav-
ing adopted a rule unprecedented m the annals of
judicial investigation.
Mr. CHAFFEE. If there be a general under-
standing that the matter goes over till Monday, I
will withdraw the objection. Otherwise I will not;
and I move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to its going over till
Mondav.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man yield till 1 offer a resolution to close debate
on the fiie bill:
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
Hon -c on llou ->> bill (No SO-1) to loi'uncl to liaiday &. I ,iv-
niHbHin, ,and othn•=. duties onceitaut yocxK deployed by
hie hi the < itv oi N' \v Yoik on the 19th dav ot AJa\, 1845,
s>hai) coa^e m two hour-* alter n> consideration .shall be ic-
eumed in committer-; :i.u{ the committee s-hall theieupon
proceed to vote upon such amendim'tiN a^ mav be olfeicd
thei<'to. the memiiei r 'polling saul hill having the right to
eloMi Hie debate, s-liafl icpott u to Uie liou-o. with ^uc(i
amendment a> mav,have been ayieed to m committee. to-
gether vvitli r<uch lccoimnerulation the committee sdiall
aueci.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire whether that
cuts off the five-minute debate '
The SPEAKER,. It docs not.
Mr.MAYNARD. If moidei, I move to amend
that re solution by nuking out two hours, and in-
setting o11,j hour.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
that by inserting ten minutes instead of an hour.
This bill is understood by eveiy member of the
House.
Mr. MAYNAIIO. I accent that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote '07 which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Tiie latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to lay the resolution
as amended on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The tesolution as amended was adopted. 1
Mr. DAVJS, of Indiana. I desue to inquire ■
what will be the regular order of business, if the ;
motion to £0 into a Committee of the Whole House
be voted dowir . j
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the res- !
olution of the Judiciary Committee, unless that
shall bo postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the resolution offered by
my friend from New Yoik embasrasses the busi-
ness of the House, i hope the House will accept ;
his suggestion, and postpone it till Monday, so
that it mav not embarrass the consideration of
such business as the House may now dtsne to
transact. The Committee on the Judicial v, while
tiiev desire early action 011 it, because witnesses
are'here waiting the action of the Hour" upon it,
aie not disposed to pre^w it, to the aiinnymic.c of
the House, or to the mteriuption of us ordinary
business.
The question was taken on the motion to go into
a Committee of the Who^e House; and 011 a di-
vision there were—ayes 9u, noes 41
The House accoidtngiy resolved itselt into a
he Priva
v
Committee of the Whole House on the Priyate
Calendar, (Mr. Grow m the chair.)
NEW YORK FIRE BIU-
The CHAIRMAN stated the business first in
order was the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
204) to refund to Barclay & Livingston, and
others, duties on certain goods destroyed by lire
in the city of New York, on the 19th day of July,
1845.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest that the
bill reported from the Committee of Elections in
Mr. Ingersoll's case was passed over informally,
in consequence of the absence of my colleague,
[Mr. Phillips,] and I suppose it comes up to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session—not upon objection day—they had
this bill under consideration.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ah! That is true.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Chairman, when this bill
was last discussed m Committee of the Whole
House, I proposed to have occupied the attention
of the committee in support of the motion, then
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. j
Craige,] that the bill be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and also to have replied briefly to the arguments
presented by my colleague, [Mr. John Coch-
rane,] the chairman of the Committee 011 Com-
merce. What I then desired to do, I shall now
essay to perform, and I regret exceedingly that
my time has been limited to ten minutes; but I
think that in that period I can showthatthc bill
should not be passed. I shall endeavor to show,
first, that this is a public bill, and as a public bill
should go the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union; secondly, that on no legal or
equitable principle should the bill be passed; and
third, that this bill contains unconstitutional pro-
visions. From my examination of it, I am satis-
fied from its peculiar provisions that it is the most
extraordinary bill that has been presented to Con-
gress, for its consideration, at this session. Its
passage would be the establishment of a pre-
cedent by which the Treasury would be bank-
rupt for a quarter of a century to come. 1 object
that it is a public bill, and the fact stated by n\y
colleague, that it has been sweated through the
House, session after session, proves that it is a
public bill. Sir, at the last session of Congress
the bill was reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr PHELPS. No. sir.
Mr. HASKIN. Yes, sir, it was mysterious-
ly reported from the Committee of Ways and
Aleans, and it mysteriously passed this body.
The last section of the bill which then passed
contained a provision that the certificates which
were contemplated to be issued should be issued
and paid at the Treasury, within one year after
their issue, out of any fund which might be ap-
propriated for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. Wi'.i the gentleman permit me
to make an explanation?
Mr. IIASKIN. No, sir, I cannot, for I have
only ten minutes. Now, this bill, instead of
asking an appropriation from the Treasury, as
did the bill of last session, contains this extraor-
dinary provision—that the ceitificates, when is-
sued by a commission composed of the collector,
the navel officer, and the district attorney of New
York, shall be received by the collector of New
York in lieu of gold or Treasury notes; making
these certificates, to all intents and purposes,
money receivable in the payment of debts in the
city and county of New York.
That bill also contained a provision that these '!
duties should not be refunded to any one, save «j
and except the owners ot the goods destroyed; ;
but this bill ptovides that they shall be refunded 1
to the owners 01 their legal lepresentutives. |
Mr. LETCHER. Does that cover insurance i
companies'1
Mr. HASKIN. Yes, sir, it doe*?. It also pro- ;
vides that, where the goods were insured and the 1
owners have received part of the insurance, the 1
insurance companies may step m and receive the ;
duties on the goods 011 which the insurance has :
been paid. j
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. I bug to correct ]
mv colleague. He is mistaken. i
"Mr. HASKIN. Now, sir, 1 desire to say that :|
the memoual published in the speech of my col- ■ 
league shows* that of the forty-one importing
merchants of New York who memorialized Con-
gress in favor of this bill, about ten appear in this
memorial by their attorneys. They are foreign
importers in the city of New York, and I am
authorized to say that those claims have been
purchased up, and this bill is to be passed simply
as a gratuity. 1'shall endeavor to prove to the
House, that upon no principle of law or equity
ought it to be passed. My colleague stated that
duties to the amount of §400,000 had been paid
upon these goods just prior to the conflagration
of the 19th of July, 1845, and that of that sum
$109,000 had been returned by the Treasury De-
partment to the parties, because it had been paid
on goods in bond—on liquors within the jurisdic-
tion and under the control of the revenue offi-
cers, and that this claim covered the balance of
$291,000. He also stated that, under the general
law in relation to the warehousing system, the
Treasury Department could notgo back to what
occurred in 1845, inasmuch as that law did not
reach back to that period. . In saying this, he
admitted away his whole case. He proved that
this bill, if now passed, would be an ex-post facto
law, simply to award to these rich merchants this
gratuity at the hands of the Government. I say,
sir, that considering the bankrupt condition of
the Treasury, it would be infamous to pass the
act. These goods were insured, and the insur-
ance should have protected these parties. And
if they were not protected by the insurance, they
have no right to come and ask the Government to
refund the duties on these goods, which,accord-
ing to the statement of my colleague, were 111 the
private warehouses, cellais, and stores of the im-
poitcrs or owners, and ready for consumption.
Suppose my colleague's friend, John Wheeler,
had purchased ten casks of brandy of Rarclay &.
Livingston, and had suffered them to remain in
the warehouse of that firm, and they had been
consumed, surely John Wheeler would have had
as much claim to be refunded the duties that he
had paid second-hand as Barclay & Livingston
have.
Now, sir,we have established uCouitof Claims
for examination of claims of this character, and
tins chum should have come before Congress
through the medium of that court. I say, sir,
that in this case the surroundings prove that the
matter should not come up in Congress at all. If
the House is to make any disposition of it, it
should be sent to the Court of Claims, and when
we have the report of the Court of Claims before
us, it may then come up for adjudication "here
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HASKIN. I hope the House will give
me ten minutes longer.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
Mr. HASKIN. I move to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suppose I am
entitled to my hour to close debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to his hour if he claims it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall not occupy
the time of the committee for that length of time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I riso to a question
of order. The gentleman from New York has
already spoken once upon this bill, end I submit
that he is not entitled to speak again until every
other gentleman who desires to speak shall have
spoken.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule provides that the
gentleman reporting a bill shall be entitled to one
hour to open and close debate. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman from New York is enti-
tled to one hour to close debate, if ho insists upon
his right. The Chair therefore overrules the point
of order laised by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from New York that it is
not usual for a member reporting a bill to close
debate until after the close of the five-minute de-
bate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will avail myself
of the gentleman's suggestion, and icsevve my
right until that time.
"Mr. SMITH, of Viigima. I would suggest
that there are others who wish to participate in
this debate,and die gentleman having spoken once
upon the subject, is not entitled to speak again
until others who desire to speak shall have spo-
ken upon it.
