1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
is, without the seventh article. The whole ques-
tion saomitted was, will you have the seventh
article, " slavery," added to the constitution or
not? Of course, the form of words must be brief,
and can never, in any such case, perfectly express
the issue; but I do not think, after full considera-
tion, it could have been more satisfactorily done.
But now follows a difficulty. The Senator from
Michigan declares it a.pro-slavery constitution,
without the seventh article; aud the S« nator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] says: " I would
rather have it with the seventh article than with-
out it; it is a better anti-slavery constitution with
the seventh article in than with it out." On what
is all this founded? Because the constitution does
not confiscate a vested right of property. I am not
going into Dred Scott's case. God forbid. We
have had enough of that this session. I will take
the broadest doctrine of squatter sovereignty ever
proclaimed in the Senate by my venerable friend,
General Cass, the late colleague of the Senator
from Michigan. General Cass always claimed
that the Territorial Legislature might either ex-
clude or establish slavery. I think a great many
denied that it could exclude, or, in strictness, es-
tablish. They said it could not forbid, but might
regulate. But General Cass, who was said to be
the father of all squatter sovereignty, uniformly
proclaimed—I could not tell how many times I
have heard him proclaim it in this Hall—that
every Territorial Legislature could establish or
prohibit slavery.
Well, sir, the first Legislature of Kansas estab-
lished slavery. It is not material whether they
were right or wrong in this, whether they acted
wisely or unwisely; that is not the question. Nor
is it material whether that Legislature was rightly
chosen or was a usurpation. Let me grant all
that is claimed in that regard; let me admit for
the sake of the argument what otherwise I never
have admitted and never will admit,fori consider
it a mere bald assertion—that every man, or the
majority, if you do not require so much, of that
Legislature in both branches was a mere naked
usurper. What then ? It has been settled from
the earliest time that the act of a man under color
of office, actually in office, exercising the author-
ity of the office, although itcannotadvantage him-
self, although it cannot prevent him from punish-
ment, although it cannot prevent him from being
ousted by quo loananto, although it does not au-
thorize him to recover the fees of the office, is
nevertheless valid as to third persons.
Here was a body of men de facto the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Kansas. They passed a
law authorizing slaves to be taken into Kansas.
Hoie was an honest citizen of your State, sir, or
of the State of Tennessee, or of the State of Mis-
souri, who did not know whether the Legislature
had been rightfully chosen or not; he had not read
this great Kansas book of the last Congress; he
was in the same state of blissful ignorance in
winch our Republican friends say most of us are
to this day, including the President. He had
slaves which were his by the laws of Kentucky,
Tennessee, or Missouri. The title was recognized
by the laws of his own State. It was property,
valid property,for which he had paid, and he read
in the statutes of Kansas that he had a perfect lib-
erty to take that slave into Kansas with lnm, and
that he and his slave might live peaceably together,
and till the soil, and he went thither. Now they
come to make a constitution; and do Senators seri-
ously pretend that the cause of human freedom
or the cause of honesty as between man and man
requires that tone who lias acted in good faith,
against whom no imputation of being connected
with any usurpation or outrage can be made, shall
be punished by the loss of that which wasdeclared
to be property by the laws of Kansas, as well as
by the laws of the State whence he emigrated?
1 hat would be theconfiscation of private property.
I grant that property in a slave may be taken
by due process of law, but you must make com-
pensation for it, as tor any other property. It can
be done under the constitution of Kansas. It is
expresbly declared that any man's property may
be taken for the public use by making compen-
sation. Even the Government of Great Britain,
thoroughly anti slavery as she is, provided com-
pensation for every slave she emancipated in Ja-
maica . St. Christopher, and the rest of her West
Indian dominions. Now the complaint is, that
tiiis constitution has not div«jstcd a present right
of property. It extends no further than a present
right. It follows the principle of the emancipation
! acts of New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
and "other States. It declares that a slave, now
a slave in the Territory of Kansas, shall remain
such for his life, subject to be enfranchised by an
act of the Legislature or by the act of his master
—by the act of the Legislature on compensation.
! But is has no relation beyond those who are there
now. The emancipation acts provided that the
slaves then held as such should remain slaves for
life, and their issue should remain slaves until the
age of twenty-five. The constitution of Kansas
is a better emancipation act than that one which
Dr. Franklin proposed in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, for it enfranchises the child from its birth.
It is a great deal better than Dunn's bill, about
which we heard so much in the last Congress; for
Dunn's bill did make slaves of all the children
born in Karjsas, within two years from its date.
Let us see whether this be not so. The schedule
provides: #
" If upon such examination of said poll books, it shall
appear that a majority of the legal votes cast at said election
be in favor of the ' constitution with no slavery,' then the
article providing for slavery shall be stricken from this con-
stitution by the president of this convention, and slavery
shall no longer exist in the State of Kansas, execpt that the
right of property i n slaves now in this Territory shall in no
manner be interfered with."
The institution of slavery is excluded by the
sovereign voice of the people; " slavery shall no
longer exist in the State of Kansas, except that
the right of property in slaves now in this Terri-
, tory shall in no manner he interfered with." I
1 believe the Senator from michigan undertook to
say the issue would be slaves; but the {< issue"
are not slaves—nota whitmorethan if they were
already in being and residents of the State of Mich-
igan. It is the plain distinction between a pres-
ent vested right of property and a contingency
which may never happen. A vested right par-
takes of the character of property. When you
confiscate or condemn a vested right of property,
you must pay for it; but a right which may
never accrue, and therefore is not vested, may be
barred in advance, as this constitution has done,
it simply amounts, without the seventh article, to
a declaration that those slaves which had been
I taken into Kansas under the solemn authority of
! the tenitorial law, and who were there held as
I property at the date of the constitution, shall re-
! main such, and the right of property in them be
, protected, unless the Legislature should emanci-
j pate them and provide compensation to the owner.
1 I believe the State of New Jersey is in that con-
l dition at present. Certainly I think as late as
i the last census quite a number of negroes in the
! State of New Jersey were slaves. They were
slaves before her act of emancipation, and that
act did not divest the right of the owner in them.
The consequence is, that, although we call New
Jersey a non-slaveholding State, because she has
abolished the institution of slavery, there are
slaves held within her limits.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate much
longer than I expected. My principal purpose was
to speak to my own amendment. I think—I am
frank on that point—that the president of the con-
stitutional convention is bound to finish his trust
before Kansas ought to be admitted. I have al-
ways thought so. I do not think he has a right
to withdraw his trust fiom our examination. I
j style him the mere trustee of an express trust.
And whatever the constitution might be, if it were
one entire and perfect chrysolite, what difference
if the people do not control it> if those who have
been elected to the various offices by the people do
not obtain them? But,passing by that objection,
which I hope will be obviated by his action—if
not before the bill comes to a vote in this branch,
before it be passed in the other—it appears to me,
that although the history of Kansas has been a
history of conflict, of quarrels, of troubles, which
appear almost interminable, an opportunity is
now presented for better tunes. There cannot be
an election, there cannot he a Legislature, there
cannot be a convention, without dispute. If reg-
ular on its frtce, some say it is fraudulent behind
its face; and if not regular on its face, then it is
void. We, grown men, some ot us men of ma-
ture judgment and ripe experience, are to sit here
in the Chamber of the Senate of the United States,
in our comfortable chairs, and imagine that a scat-
tered population on the praui<M  who hov^ been
hastily gathered there within the last three or four
years, will transact all their business, take their
censuses, register their votes, hold their elections,
and pass their laws, with the absolute accuracy
of a clerk of the red tape in one of our Govern-
ment offices. We ought never to expect that.
Now, instead of relating the history of past con-
troversies, let us behold what the future has in
store. I have always approached the caseof Kan-
sas with a disposition to avoid recriminations, and .
an anxious desire that in some wise and timely
measure, which could receive the approbation, if
possible, notonly of Senators from the North and
the South together, but of Senators from every
political organization, we might, as an offering of
common patriotism and devotion to our common
country, redeem Kansas from the anarchy which
has been coeval with her existence. At the first
term of my service in this body, that engaged our
attention before all other subjects; but only, as at
this session, to provoke apprehensions and ani-
mosities. Now, sir, I trust that by enfranchising
Kansas as a sovereign State, by vesting in her-
people, in the most ample and perfect manner
known to our Constitution and our laws, the power
to conduct her own government, to alter, amend,
and reform her institutions in whatever particular
those institutions may be objectionable, we shall
redeem that which thus far has constituted the
most sorrowful page in all the history of our Re-
public.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say now simply
that at an early day I shall take occasion to allude
to the most remarkable argument of the Senator
from Ohio; but my purpose at this time is to per-
form a small office for the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] who had the floor and yielded
to the Senator from Ohio. He desired to leave
the Senate before the Senator from Ohio concluded
his speech, and he wished itcould be understood
in the Senate before the adjournmentthat he would
like to occupy the floor in the morning, to which
I thought 1 could assure him there would be no
objection. [" Certainly."] With such an under-
standing I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 16, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. A. Harris.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the continuation of the call of
the States for bills and resolutions.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is a little matter of
privilege which 1 would like for a moment to
bring to the attention of the House. It will con-
sume but a moment, and I think the Chair will
see that it is a question of privilege as soon as I
1 state it.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
i no question of privilege can intervene until the
I order of the House of yesterday has been exe-
cuted—an order by which the rules were sus-
| pended, and the Chair directed to call the States
' for bills and resolutions.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that that res-
! olution makes the call a special order; but I think
a question affecting the privileges of the House
might come in even during the consideration of a
special order. It is a matter I desire very much
to bring to the consideration of the House.
Mr. GROW. I understand that the resolution
of yesterday was only to apply to that day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My question of privilege
grow3 up under the rule regulating the proceed-
ings of the committees of the House, in regard to
publishing their reports before they are submitted
to the House. I see the reports of some of the
committees of the House appear in the public
prints before they are made to the House.
Mr. MORGAN. Let us have the question of
order settled, before the gentleman proceeds.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Choir,
the question cannot intervene until the order of
the House of yesterday has been executed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
