2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chaii; overrules the
point of order, for the rule expressly provides
that a member reporting a bill shall have one hour
to close debate. Does the gentleman take an ap-
peal?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Virginia is perhaps not aware that debate
has been closed upon this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Debate has not. been
closed upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been closed. The
gentleman from New York is entitled to one hour.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Have I the right
to my hour after the five-minute debate shall have
been closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire if the
gentleman from New York, who reports this bill,
has not, under the rules of the House, the right
to occupy an hour after the bill shall have been
brought before the House, even after the previous
question shall have been seconded ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I can give the
Chair twenty instances where the member report-
ing a bill has been permitted to occupy his hour
in the House, even after the previous question ha 
been ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will proceed with
my privilege at this time.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to know if the Chair has
decided that it is not in order for the member of
a committee reporting a bill to make his closing
speech in the House after the bill shall have been
reported to the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question which
cannot arise in committee. The gentleman de-
sires to £0 on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maino. I only asked
for information; for I understood the Chair to
decide that the gentleman must go on now; and :
he wants to go on only m subordination to the
ruling of the Chair.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the res-
olution be again road, as it was not correctly read !
before.
Mr. LETCHER. Docs it come out of the
gentleman's time ? ;
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE I will say now that
I refer what rights [ have of reply under the res-
olution and rules of the House, to the House,
when the committee goes into the House with the
bill. In the mean time gentlemen can take what
order they please.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
what will be the decision in the House; but lie is
of the opinion, after reading the rule, that the
gentleman can elect whether to make his speech [
here or in the Houae. |
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will take it in i
the House. !
The first section of the bill was read for amend- !
ments, as follows:
" That the collector of the customs of the port of Now
York, the naval ottteei of the said port, and the di-tuct attor- 1
noy for thf southern district of New Yoi k, be, and they arc |
neiehv. eoii.stiitiied a commission, without compensation, !
to a-ccnam tlic amount ot duties paid upon ail ^nod<. waic-s, j
and merchandise decoyed by fnc in the city ot New YoiU, j
in unlnoken and oi igmal paekasjo^, inipoj ted on the I*)th :
day ot July. IH45, and the name or names and plaee or ,
places ot residence of the scvei.U paiiie^ entitled, a< own- j
er>, oi then legal icpu^ein.itive-.. to uveiveoi have ro- 1
funded to tiirm the amount oi the duties so paid upon the :
several paieels and p irkages of"nods so detuned, pui*u- \
ant to the piovi^ions ot thi* act J? * !
Mr. HASKIN. 1 move to strike out the words 1
" naval officer" and insert in lieu thereof" the sur- |
voyor of the port of New York, the Mayor, and ■
the recorder of that city." The suiveyor if* a
very proper officer. The chairman of the Com- !
mittee on Commerce occupied that position, and, ;
when occupying it, ho was more familiar with the ■
duties of collector thnn the collector himself; and •
I hope that my friend, the present surveyor of 1
New York will be included. ,
I say that this law is unconstitutional because,
in my judgment, it is an export fuc'o law, and be-
cause, by this third section, judicial power is con- i
forred upon a commission, composed of minis-
terial officers of the Government, to examine '
witnesses under oath, and adjudicate on these J
claims, while we have a Court of Claims here, a
United States court, and United States commis-
sionersS'New York city. The judicial power con-
ferred*^5on this commission is in contravention,
I allege, of that provision of the Constitution which
says that the judicial power of the United States
shall be vested in one Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and such inferior courts as may be es-
tablished. I say, too, that the last, section of this
bill, providing for the issue of certificates, and their
circulation instead of gold and Treasury notes, is
in contravention of that part of the Constitution
which provides that the power to coin money shall
be vested in Congress. The provision that they
shall be received by the collector of the port of
New York in lieu of gold and silver, is in contra-
vention of that section of the Constitution which
provides that no preference shall be given in the
regulation of commerce or revenue of the ports of
one State over those of another. Why should not
the port, of Philadelphia, or the port of San Fran-
cisco, have the same privilege?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What are
the gentleman's reasons for his amendment?
Mr. HASKIN. I am opposed to the proposed
personnel of the commission. It seems that, as no
compensation is fixed by tho bill to be paid the
collector and naval officer and the United States
district attorney, they are expected to make it up
out of the extraordinary power to go as high as
$300,000 in these returns of duties.
This bill, if passed, must be passed as a gra-
tuity. I defy the ehairman of the Committee on
Commerce to show a single case where the prin-
ciples involved in this bill have been adjudicated.
The gentleman, I take leave to say, was under an
entire misapprehension in regard to the cases to
which he referred. The duties have only been
remitted where the goods were in transitu, or in
the hands of the revenue officers. I will refer to
some. One hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
fifty cents were remitted on goods destroyed by
fire while on the passage, and before delivery.
The duties were remitted on one thousand three
hundred and twenty-five bushels of salt, casually
destroyed by a flood on the night of the same day
said salt was landed and stored in Annapolis, j
when in the jurisdiction of the revenue officers, i
Duties were remitted on eleven hogsheads of cof- |
fre, shipped by Fiene.h citizens to the ports of :
Norfolk and Portsmouth, duties secured to be paid !
by Elliott Sf Purviunce, after shipped on account j
of same importer, to the port of Baltimore, and i
there destroyed by fire. Then there is " an act au- '
thori/.ing the remission of duties on certain teas 1
destroyed by fire, while under the care of the officers '
of the customs, in Providence, Rhodelsland." The j
duties remitted on such part as was destroyed by ;
lire white in charge of the revenue officers. The i
act of 1838 was for the remission of duties paid j
upon goods destroyed at the great fire in the city !
of New York, in 1835, and applied to owners, not j
to assigas, representatives, or holders. I
[Here the hammer fell.] !
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am opposed to the amend- '
ment of the gentleman from New York, as 1 am i
opposed to the whole scheme It is class legis- 1
lation of the worst kind. !
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call my friend to '
order. I insist that he confines his remarks to the ■
pending amendment. I
Mr. PHILLIPS. I intend to do so; and to |
show that while this thing is wrong in itself, it is ]
more wrong to do it by the officers to whom it is ;
proposed to intrust it. i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a point of j
order. The gentleman, m proposing to show that 1
the scheme is wrong in itself, is not in order in
this: that he is not addressing himself to the j
question before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. ThegeiitlemanfrornPenn- j
sylvania has not pioceedcd far enough for the !
Chan- to determine whether he is in order or not. >
Mr. PHILLIPS. I piopose to show that these
officers are not to be trusted with thr> settlement
of this matter. It is not my fault that only ten :
minutes have been allowed to discuss the bill on ■
one side1, while two hours have been allowed on j
the, other.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It certainly is not :
my fault.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The amendment offered by i
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskint] is !
to intrust the examination of this matter to certain !
city and Federal officers. It is a matter which,
if the bill be passed at all, should be submitted to
the accounting officers of the Treasury. The
officers proposed in the amendment are as objec-
tionable as those named in the bill. If the bill is
to be passed at all, let not the Mayor of New
York, and those other officers of New York, be
the persons to pass upon the claims of New York
citizens; but extend the bill,as has been suggested,
to the whole United States—to San Francisco,
Boston, Charleston, Philadelphia, and every-
where else; and let those who represent the United
States, and have responsible duties to perform in
that connection—the accounting officers of the
Treasury—pass upon it. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haskint] will not, of course, answer. I do not
know that he contemplated its passing when he
proposed it. While we are considering this bill,
let us consider what are the duties proposed to be
imposed upon the executive officers of the city.
The bill orders certain duties to be recognized and
refunded; and allows the issuance of shinplasters
for the amount. If the Government owes this
money, let it pay it—let no certificates be issued.
Do not conceal from us and the public that this
whole sum is to be taken from the Treasury, and
that the Treasury is to be reduced by that amount.
If these duties are to be refunded, let it be under
a general law. I am prepared to offer a substi-
tute, at the proper time, by which all the cities
will be put upon an equal footing. I would say,
with great respect to the gentleman who reported
the bill, that this is a species of class legislation
against which, during all the time I may be here,
short or long, I will war.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to amend
the amendment offered by my colleague, by strik-
ing out the words " Mayor of the city," leaving
the words " surveyor of the port" to stand.
Mr. HASKIN. I accept the amendment, pro-
vided that, instead of the Mayor, the United States
district judge be inserted. I want some judicial
officer to be on the board.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the name of
United States district judge were in the amend-
ment, I would also move to strike it out. The offi-
cer designated in the bill is " the naval officer of
the said port." If the amendment be amended as
I propose, the officer will be " the surveyor of the
said port " I concede, sir, for the reasons that
have been suggested by my colleague, that it is
better the surveyor should act in that capacity
than the naval officer. He is the acting officer of
the port; he is the adjutant, in fact, of the col-
lector; he more thoroughly understands these
matters, Which this commission is obliged to pass
upon, than the naval officer; and I may say, also,
that much of the information to be allowed before
these commissioners is to be deiived from the
archives of the surveyor's office.
It is my judgment, therefore, that it is better
the surveyor should be oncof these commissioners
than that the naval officer should be. I object to
the other officers mentioned in my colleague's
amendment, and for the simple reason that the
commission proposed by this bill is thorough in
its composition—namely, the collector, the chief
Federal officer of the port; the surveyor, the ad-
jutant of the collector; and the district attorney,
the law officer of the Government there. You can
compose no commission of better elements than
that. That conveys the whole of the answer to
tho remarks made by my colleague. In reply to
the remarks made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in favor of this matter being left to the
accounting officers of the Treasury, I have but
this ta say: that the bill provides for the submis-
sion ot the finding of the commissioners to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and it must be approved
by him befoie it is binding on the Gfovernment.
It therefore submits all these things eventually to
tho accounting officers of the Treasury.
Mr. LLTCHER. I am opposed to this prop-
osition, because i take it, from all I can hear in
regard to these officers, in the city of New York
and elsewhere, that they have about as much pub-
he husmess^to discharge as they can very well
perform. Now, sir, if this be so, why is it that
this matter is not referred to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, who are constituted here
the pi oper parties to decide on the claims of these
persons' Why is itthaieverybody else, who has
a claim against this Government, is to run the
