1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
States for bills and resolutions) under the follow-
ing; order adopted yesterday:
Resolved, That the States bj called, brpnmns where the
Sponkci blcrfff.and upon -aid call members ma\ introduce
b:i!s lor lefeicnee onu. and of which previous nonce lias
ivon fiv"n. and ruMJlutioii's for lefeicncc to which no ob-
jection i.. mid..'; and 4 aid hilij shall not again bo brought
'before the Houie by motion to reconsider."
GRANT OF LANDS TO THE STATE OF IOWA.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois, introduced
the following resolution: which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Rcoolrci. That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
tocommunicatoiothc Mouse the amount of land ceitificd to
I ho !it:sreo> lovva for the purpose of building a railroad "from
the eirv o Dubuque to a point on the Mississippi river, near
Sioux Citv, with a branch from the mouth ot the T6te des
Morts to the neare-t point on the said road, to be completed
m roon as the main branch is completed to that point;"
whether the &aid branch has been completed, and, if not,
whether ho I as ce«itied*to the said State any land for build-
ing the main line of the said road beyond the point of inter-
section of the said branch from the mouth of the T6te des
Morts.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill for the relief of Shade Calloway; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
TERRA JAPONICA.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to call the attention of
the House to a resolution I introduced yesterday
in reference to seeds and cuttings of the terra ja-
ponica. I think the matter was not understood.
The article referred to is used in the process of
tanning leather. From what I learned after the
resolution was introduced, I judge that the matter
was not understood. I therefore ask unanimous
consent to introduce (he resolution now.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Agriculture he induct-
ed to inquire into the expediency ofa:i apptopuauon for the
pjtpo.-e or' obtaining a supply of the seed3 ami cuttings of
tho tcrrcc japonica fot* cultivation ia this countij.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
DISTRICT COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, introduced a
bill providing for holding terms of the United
States district court at Cairo, Illinois; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST ROUTE IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resilred, That the Committee on the Poot Office and
Po.-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
e*tnb'i-hin<r a post route from Golconda, Pope county, to
Raleigh, t:i Valine county, Illinois, and that they bedne'cted
to repoit by bill or othctwise.
PAYMENT OF MONEY TO MISSOURI.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a bill to pay to the
Stale of Missouri the amount expended by said
State for repelling the invasion of the Osage In-
dians; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to thcCommittecon Military Affaus.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PHELPS also introduced a bill to aid in
the construction of a railroad from St. Louis to
San Francisco, with certain branches thereto, and
securing to the United States a perpetual right to
the priority of use of the same forall Government
transportation; which was read a first and second
lime, referred to the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, and ordered to be printed.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. PHELPS offered the following resolution;
which was Vead, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po?t [loads is hereby instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of establishing po t road.'* in the State of Missouu, Horn
lloSivai, vn Plea^mt Hope, to Mar.shfield ; from Fremont,
via W'leatland, to Lamar; fom Pilot Knob to Houston; and
lioiu M.ti hfield, via St. Luke, to Butlalo.
KANSAS BOUNDARY SURVEYS.
Mr. PHELPS offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Retired* That the Secretaiy of War is hereby tcques;-ed
f> cummu'iirai': 10 the Hot^e a copy of the repoit ot the
surv?\ >t\ (!}'"> southern boundary line of the Teiritciy oilcan-
s''^, and tlie map accompanying the same ; also, the report
o; Lvuienanf Col.me! Jo in-ton, oft!)'* practicability of the
< m it.y r-;pioi>'d !>v him hn --uinni.v, tor a railroad, and
!:.• at «j 'i-neate Mil-; Florcj ~ eon" of the nyou
n^d o! ui" .<> 1 \ .1 oi ih<-vVjo!; indi m bsurmfv
lint' made I'ri.vpiniUi o.yi-*a\<'s aoa VToodnur.
SHEPHERD AND CALDWELL.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill for the re-
lief of John H. Shepherd, and Walter K. Cald-
well, of Pike county, Missouri; which was read
i a first and sccond time, and referred to the Com- \
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. !
POST ROADS IN MISSOURI. |
Mr. ANDERSON" also introduced a bill to \
establish certain post roads in the State of Mis- !
souri, namely: from Florida, in Monroe county,
via Santa Fe, to Mexico, in Audrain county; and 1
from High Hill, in Montgomery county, on the j
North Missouri railroad, by Price's Branch and •
Tiviot,in said county, and Truxton, Lost Branch,
and Louisville, in Lincoln county, to Ashley, in
Pike county; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
LAND OFFICES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, igtroduced a bill i
to continue, temporarily, certain land offices in !
the State of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MAIL ROUTES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a tri-weeklv mail route fiom the town of Fay-
ette, Howard county, via Bunker's Hill to Sturgeon, in
Boone county, Mij-oouh, ail# that they leport by bill or
otherwise
ACCOUNTS OF LATE JOHN G. MILLER.
Mr. WOODSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreedtQ:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the Ilou^e be, and he is
hereby, dnccted to adjust and settle the accounts of Hot.
John G. Miller, deceased, late a meiubei ofthe Ilou^e, in the
Thuty Fointh Congress, from the Stale of Missouri, under
the piovi^tons of the compensation act passed at the first
tension of the said Congress, and 011 the same term? as the
accounts of other members of said Congress were settled ;
est! mat ng his salaiy from the 3d of March, 1855, when said
Confess commenced, to the J 1th day of May, I806, the day
of said Miller's decease : and deducting from said *aliry any
amounts heretofore paid on account of said Miller's per diem
dunng the said Congress; and that the lemainder be paid to
Ins legal rcpiescntative.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. WOODSON introduced a bill granting the
right of way to the Kansas City, Galveston and
Lake Superior Railroad Company; and a portion
of the public lands to the Territory of Kansas, to
aid in the construction of thcKansas City,Galves-
ton and Lake Superior railroad; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
POST ROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. WOODSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to mqiuremto the expediency of estab-
lishing the following post toads, to wit: liotn Waynesburg,
in the State of Missouti, via Ilanisonville, to Minnesota, in
Kanvis Terutory; and from Independence, Mis«<uui, via
Hickman's Mill and New Santa Fe, to Fort Scott, in Kansas
Terutc.-y 5 and that they repoit by bill or otheiwise.
KANSAS VALLEY RAILROAD.
Mr. WOODSON introduced a bill granting the
right of way to the Kansas Valley Railroad Com-
pany, and a portion of the public lands to the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, to aid in building the Kansas
valley railroad; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ST. JOSEPH AND TOPEKA RAILROAD.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, introduced a bill
granting the right of way to the St. Joseph and
Topeka Railroad Company, and a portion ofthe
public lands in the Territory of Kansas, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the city of St.
Joseph in the State of Missouri, via Topeka, to
' the boundary of Kansas, in the direction of Santa '
Fe, in New Mexico; which was read a first and !
second time, and referred to the Committee on I
Public Lands. j
ST. JOSEPH MARINE HOSPITAL. !
|r Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, also introduced a !
ji \'\lI to piovide for the construction of a marine ;
if hospital at the city of St Joseph, in the State of\\
Missouri; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. CRAIG,ofMissouri, also introduced a bill
to amend the existing laws in relation to bounty
lands;which was read a first and second time,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES.
Mr. BLAIR introduced a bill making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Mississippi,
Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers by contract;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee "on Commerce.
MISSOURI RESOLUTION.
Mr. BLAIR presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Missouri in relation to
additional townships for seminary lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
IMMIGRATION OF FREE NEGROES.
Mr. BLAIR asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill to prohibit the impoitation or immi-
giation of free poisons fiom Afiica under indentures of ap-
prenticeship, or stipulations for service, into any port of the
United States, and to make the same punishable with the
same penalties inflicted upon persons engaged in the African
slave trade in the act prohibiting that inhuman traffic.
Mr. LETCHER. That resolution gives abso-
lute instructions; does it not?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it.
CHOCTAW LANDS.
Mr. SINGLETON by unanimous consent in-
troduced a bill for the relief of certain purchasers
of lands within the limits of the Choctaw cession
of 1830; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the consent of
the House to present a resolution which was not
ready when the State of Illinois was called.
Mr. LEACH. I object, until the call shall have
been gone through with.
NEGRO STEALING IN THE INDIAN COUNTRY.
Mr. GREENWOOD introduced a bill to pun-
ish negro stealing in the Indian country; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Ju-diciary.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. GREENWOOD asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs be printc&for the use of the
Indian officc.
Mr. LOYEJOY objected.
INSPECTORS DISTRICT AT NAPOLEON.
Mr. WARREN introduced a bill providing for
the establishment of an inspectors district at"Na-
poleon, Arkansas.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has previous notice been
given r
Mr. WARREN. Yes, sir.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HOWARD introduced a joint resolution
respecting the distribution of ccrtain public doc-
uments; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOWARD. This resolution is merely to
supply a deficiency in the Department of the In-
terior for distributing some seven, eight, or ten
copies of the public documents which have been
furnished to the Territories and the District of
Columbia, instead of going to the congressional
districts. I suppose, if there be no objection, it
may be put on its passage.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no doubt that, upon
a minute's explanation, members will see that the
resolution is right. At the close of the last session
of Congress, a law was passed requiring two hun-
dred and thirty-five sets of the public documents,
formerly lodged in the hands of the Secretary of
State, and since placed in tho hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to be distributed in the sev-
eral congressional districts. The Secretary of the
Interior sent seven of those sets into the 'Territo-
ries; and the consequence is, that some of the con*
