1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Brawn.
Senate.
we should have possession of all the southern
portion of this continent, marching through Mex-
ico and the States of Central America to the Am-
azon and the equator, and governing the country
by subjecting those nations to the stronger. We
might possibly do it; but is it desirable? If we
can subject the negro and hold him in slavery, in
the same way we will subjugate the Mexicans
and the various people in the Central American
States. Sir, I protest for my country against any
such destiny. I have no objection that she shall
be enlarged in her borders, if it can be dbne justly;
but if her borders are to be enlarged in wicked-
ness, in unrighteousness, by force, and by sub-
jecting other nations to her will, to make them
slaves, then I protest against it. I ask no such
future for my country, because I remember, and
it will ever prove true, that u the nation that sin-
neth shall die."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The pending question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Unless the Senator from
Missouri proposes to make a motion to adjourn,
I shall do so. It is now orfe o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin make a motion?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I object to an adjournment.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mpccrs. Broderiok, Chandler, CJark, Doolittle,
Foster, Hale, Ilumhri, Harlan, Polk, Wade, and Wilson—
11.
NAYP—Meters. Allen, Bavard, Benjamin, Bigg^, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Green, Gwio, Hammond. Johnson ot'Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Pugh,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, and
Wright—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at half past twelve o'clock. I certainly sup-
posed that was the understanding of the Senate,
after the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Connecti-
cut says that it certainly was the understanding,
after the announcement of the Senator from Mis-
souri, that this postponement was to occur. It was*
distinctly announced on this side that that post-
ponement would not be agreed to under the cir-
cumstances of the evening. I, for one, announced
it, and half a dozen others did so. I simply want
to disabuse the minds of Senators. We agreed to
no such thing.
Mr. GREEN. Not a bit of it.
Mr. FOSTER. I say that was my understand-
ing. I appeal to the Senator from Missouri if
that was not Ins understanding?
Mr. POLK. I said that I believed we should
get along faster if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire were allowed to close his remarks, and then
to adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. That was my understanding. (
Mr. POLK. The m<ftion to adjourn was made,
and I voted for it, not in regard to the matter of
postponement. Nothing was said on the subject.
On the contrary, the Senator from Mississippi
stated, as he has said, that he did not agree to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin yield the floor?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. T yield.
Mr. BROWN. I think that this evening we
could have come to an understanding, but for a
partial withdrawal of what I at least understood
to be the declaration of the Senator from Maine.
I understood both the Senators from Maine to
enunciate distinctly that after consultation to-
morrow morning, their party would either agree
to take this vote on Monday, or not to-morrow
to resort to factious opposition, but to go on and
make speeches as long as the majority thought
proper to sit. One of the Senators from Maine
agreed to that. The other one, very much to my
surprise, but doubtless according to his under-
standing, said he could not conceive that he had
gone so far, and upon his withdrawal of that as-
sent, as I understood it, several gentlemen around
me said, there is an end of it; there is no use in
pressing that point any further.
If I understand the position of our friends, it is
this: that if we can get the vote on Monday, we
will be satisfied. ["No, no!"] Hold on. I will
state my own proposition in my own way. If
gentlemen choose to vote it down they can do it.
I understand there is an influence here which will
force an adjournment at this hour, now, provided
we can be assured that we can have a vote on
Monday; and if that cannot be done by an agree-
ment from the other side, then, that to-morrow
there shall be no resort to technicalities to post-
pone us longer, butgentlemen can go on and make
speeches. As long as a gentleman chooses to oc-
cupy the floor, let him occupy it. If he chooses
to take the floor at eleven o'clock, to which hour
I propose that the Senate adjourn 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to-morrow, after to-
night's session ?
Mr. BROWN. Well then, twelve o'clock. I
care not when. Let us then meet with the full
understanding that we shall have the vote with-
out an adjournment unless it is agreed on all hands
to have it on Monday at two o'clock. If that be
the understanding I am prepared not only to move
an adjournment^but to vote font; otherwise, I
am prepared to sit it out now, because I see no
use in sitting here after one o'clock to-night and
repeating the same thingto-morrow night. Unless
there i§ an agreement, let us go on now.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desired some timesince
to say a single word upon this question of post-
ponement. The honorable Senator from Texas
[Mr. Houston] introduced a resolution to-day,
but which, being made, lies over until to-mor-
row, that our sessions should commence at eleven
o'clock. That resolution - would doubtless be
adopted to-morrow. Certainly it would meet my
concurrence that we should co-mmence our ses-
sions at eleven o'clock, and sit here from that time
until six o'clock, thus giving seven hours for no
other business except the discussion of this ques-
tion.
Now in relation to the proposition made by the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, I beg leave
to saya single word, and then the hunoiable Sen-
ator will see the position in which we arc placed.
It is impossible, as we have not had an opportu-
nity for consultation, for us to give any pledge
to-night. We must have an opportunity of meet-
ing together before 
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will allow me to
say a word. I certainly have not asked, and do
not understand that a portion of our friends on this
side—some may—ask gentlemen to enter into
pledges without consultation; but that to-morrow,
after consultation, we shall understand where
they are; that they will then agree to have the vote
taken on Monday, or, in default ofthat agreement
being entered into, that we shall enter upon the
discussion to-morrow with a determination to go
through it, provided tlie majority determine to
force it, and not to resort to technicalities, but to
go on with the speaking. If they want to speak,
speak ahead.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state a conversation
that occurred between the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, the Senator from Maine, and myself.
We were the only three present. The proposi-
tion then made was precisely as the Senator from
Mississippi has repeated it, according to my un-
derstanding. Upon that proposition I said to him,
if you will see whether i t will be acceptable to your
side of the House, I will go upon my side of the
House and see if it be acceptable there. I saw,
i think, every member on our side of the House
—every member, I think, who was in his seat.
The Senate was not very full, and perhaps I did
not see one or two; but every member whom I
did sec, assented to the proposition. I went out
into the post office, and while there, the Senator
from Mississippi eame in and said, " Our folks
will not assent to the arrangement." I replied,
"Very well; let it go." We could then have come
to an understanding in one single minute upon
that proposition. I think we can carry it out now.
I cannot answer for anybody but myself. So far
as I am concerned, I should be in favor of accept-
ing that proposition, each one pledging himself to
use his influence and all he can do to carry out the
understanding. Whether it can be carried out or
not, I cannot say. It could have been at that
time.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I request the Senator to yield
me the floor for a moment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly; I have no ob-
jection. My wish was to state my views in re-
lation to this matter of postponement, and to give
the reason why we could not answer the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. GREEN. My only purpose is simply to
make this remark: thatSenators on theotherside
have had the same opportunity precisely thatSen-
ators on this side have had, with the same notice
with regard to the termination of the debate. I
informed them last Monday week that it was the
desire of the friends of the bill to bring this ques-
tion to a close, and if they have failed to avail
themselves of that notice to consult together, we
ought not to be held responsible.
Mr. CHANDLER. X want to say one word
right there, if the Senator will yield.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had a conversation with
the honorable Senator last Friday, wherein I
asked him if he intended to press a vote and choke
us down; and he told me no.
Mr. GREEN. That is true. I said, " no, if "
you do right, and come to an understanding; but
in the absence of an understanding, we do intend
to do it." That is what I said.
Mr. CHANDLER. You left the understand-
ing on my mind that you would not press it.
Mr. GREEN. I said expressly, " in the ab-
sence of an understanding, we do intend to do it;
but if wc can get an understanding, we will forego
a day, perhaps several days."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; you and I
understood each other then.
Mr. GREEN. I think so.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps it was from that
mutual understanding that I received my impres-
sion. I will not assert positively that it was not
so.
Mr. GREEN. Not a step has been taken; and
when the last opportunity has occurred, the ques-
tion comes up here whether we shall procrastinate
—under whatcircumstane.es ? Any assurance that
we will come to an agreement? No; but under a
promise that they will try and see whether they
can agree or not. I cannot accept any such vague
terms. I desire this night to perfect the amend-
ment I have proposed; and as soon as this motion
is voted down, and I hope it will be, I shall pro-
pose the last amendment I have to olfer, and then
ask for a vote.
Mr. CAMERON.' I wish to say that I am
tired of this. I have striven all this night to con-
ciliate gentlemen on the other side, and I have
striven until I have been disgusted. Who is the
gentleman from Missouri, that he should dictate
terms to us? Is he anything more than our peer?
He is certainly not the commander of this Senate.
What right has he to come and say the question
shall be taken now, or to-morrow, or any other
day? This bill, I believe, came up here on the
18th of February. On the 20th of February his
side adjourned the Senate over until Tuesday of
the next week, to attend a political pageant in the
State of Virginia.
Mr. GREEN. That is not true.
Mr. CAMERON. What is that ?
Mr. GREEN. That is not correct.
Mr. CAMERON. Do I understand you to say
that I state what is untrue?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly; that is exactly what
I say.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I say you have no
right to say so, and you are responsible for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
both of the Senators to order. This discussion is
against the rules of order.
Mr. CAMERON. I permit no Senator to say
here, and no gentleman will say, that what I say
is untrue.
