1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
ordeal, at the Treasury Department, of the Comp-
troller and the other officers of the Government;
and that this claim, of a far greater magnitude
than ninety-nine out of every hundred that have
to go before the Treasury Departme-nt, is to be
referred to the local officers residing in that city,
which is directly and immediately interested in the
award of the Department?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to say to hifn that
the commissioners in this case are precisely the
same as were appointed- by the law to refund
duties in the case of the great fire in New York
in 1835, and in other cases?
Mr. LETCHER. But that does not alter the
matter. If you have departed from the rule once,
that is no reason why you should depart from it
in a case of the magnitude of this—no reason at
all. It is unnecessary that this tribunal should
be constituted, or that the usual rule should not
be observed in respect to this claim. Is it at all
unreasonable that this bill, which proposes to re-
fund the duties on goods destroyed by fire, should
be subjected to the operation of the same principle
which has been found to work well in practice in
regard to other claims of less magnitude and im-
portance ? If there is any reason why an excep-
tion should be made in this case, then it is for
gentlemen to demonstrate the necessity for it.
But how is it that this bill proposes to impose
this duty upon the distuet attorney, when it is
notorious that not ten days since a proposition
was introduced here to divide the judicial district
of New York, because of the magnitude of the
labor imposed upon the judge and district attor-
ney? With a proposition of that kind pending
before the House, gentlemen come in here and
propose to imposeotherduties,aitogetherforeign
to his legitimate business, on the district attorney
of the United States. Does not this require some
explanation ?
Mr. HASKIN. That is in the bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; I refer to that.
Then, sir, has not the surveyor of the port of New
York enough to do? Is lie unemployed part of
his time. ? lias he days, or weeks, or months, to
give to an investigation of this sort, while the
other duties committed to his hands can be dis-
charged at the same time ?
Mr. HASKIN. Without compensation, too.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sn-; 1 understand that.
It strikes me that you are refemng this matter to
a tribunal that cannot investigate it,and takmgit
away fiom the one which the Government has
created for the investigation of matters of this
kind. Now, i am for leaving it to the tribunal
vvhich the l.iw provides f>r the investigation of
fttich cases—the Court of Chums. Let it go there,
where it can and will be investigated; but do not
refer it to oiiiceis who ore now overbiudened with
vnik, and are actually asking lehef at the hands
of Congress.
Mr. .TOUN COCHRANE. The gentleman re-
marked that there was a proposition to dtvid- the
southern distnctofNew ^ ork. The pioposiLon
lefcis to the northern district.
Mr. LETCHER. The proposition is to divide
the State of New York into th lee judicial d'smets;
;nul I imagine that if 11 be divided, that the thud
district will he constituted of pat ts of the two ex-
isting districts.
Air. SICKLES That is so.
The question was taken on Mr. Joirx Coch-
rane's amendment to the amendment ot his col-
league, Mr. Ha^kix, and the Chair announctd
that it was disau,ieed to. ^
.Mr. JOHN 'COCHRANE. J ask for a di-
vision.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 move to strike out the en-
ac'mg cl.uiNe ot the bill.
Mr. SICKLE^. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to declare to the
committee the reasons which induce mc to take
thih course. During my temporal y absence from
the Hall, m attendance upon a constituent who
had busines- at the Departments, 1 find that a mo-
tion W«i> ll!'1'!" illl'l (Mloe'l CO reStllet thediOUiC
upo;; this tub to tea m.nutes. i am preoatvd to
dl.Si uss tile CjOf-aflon iulU".
Tie OMAlHM \N. The Cha'r would state to
the ii"nti"!o \n tha* Lis mo'ion is not debatable.
Mi. CLEM ENS I make the motion, then.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that an amendment was offered by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] to the amendment of my
colleague, Mr. Raskin.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatarnendment has been
voted down.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I called for a di-
vision on my amendment in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was not sure
whether the gentleman called for a division or not;
he did not rise from his seat, and it is too late
now. *
Mr. SICKLES. The division was called for
in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand that a division was called for, although he
looked around to see ifit was before he passed on
to other business, and gave the floor to the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. SICICLES. The call for the division was
heard ail about this pait of the House.
The CH \IRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Virginia, who has moved to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am informed by
those about me that the call for a division was
made in time, and I ask unanimous consent that
a division mav be had.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will withdraw my motion
until this question is settled.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I now ask for a di- ,
vision. i
Mr. PHTLLTPS. I object. j
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I insist that the gen- j
tleman from New York, who called for a division, j
shall have his riyhts. J
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that a mo- 1
tion has been made to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It cannot be withdrawn,
except by unanimous consent. I object, and call
for tellers on the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rul^s of the
committee an amendment cannot be withdrawn
except by unanimous consent. Tf objection be
made, the gentleman cannot withdraw his motion.
Mi. CAMPBELL. I object, and ask for a vote
upon the motion by telleis.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would suggest to the Chair
that there was a pending question undecided
when I mode my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it is too Safe to raise that question. Befotc
recognizing the gentleman from Yir^'iua, the
Chan looked round to see if a division was in-
sisted on on the amendment of the gentleman
from NewYoik. If it was, the Chair was not
I aware of it, and decides that it is too late to go
! back now. The question is on the motion of the
i gentleman from Vngiioa
I Mr. SICKLES. I make the question of order
i that the motion to strike out the -enacting clause
! has been withdiawn, ami that the o! >jt-etion of
| the gt nfleman fiom Ohio came too hue. The
[gtiitleman from Virginia s'ated __that he would
, withdraw his motion to enable my colleague to
1 Call for a division on his amendment, and it was
: withdrawn. My eoileague then called foradiws-
lon on his amendment, and after that the gentle-
man from Ohio obj' c1, d to urn \vnhdia.wal ot the
! motion of the -.lenth man nom Virginia.
The CH \!KM \N. The Chair overrules the
j quest on of oidei, for the leason that the eomimt-
j tee laid pro('eed<d io no othei bu.suiesx, and the
Chair had entm tamed no other motion.
| Mr. SIClCLES. The Chair had entertained
j the demand f«.r a divisi.m.
j Air LETCTV^ L the gentleman fsom New
i York is not .vUi.sfied with the decision of the
Chan*, let lum take an appeal.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
i state that unless an appeal js taken, he must put
! the question on the motion of the gentleman from
j Virginia.
j Air. MILLSON. I should like to know ao-
i cording to what rule thf Cluur decides that the
! motion to strike out is an anv-ndimmt, uiuh1, at
j the same. time, lie d'-cides that it n not deoatable,
when all amendments an1 d< batable r
; Tie* CHAIRMA.N. if 'he motion to strike out
! tlm c lasting clause be in oi-er. the nth piovides
; that it shall take precedence o{ all other motions,
I and it cannot be withdrawn except by unanimous
consent. The Chair may have decided hastily in
saying that the motion is not debatable.
Kir. HOARD. Then the gentjeman from Vir-
ginia has a right to debate it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so".
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, I have taken
some pains to investigate the principles as well
as the details of this bill, and I regret that I have
not time to go into a full consideration of it, and
to show that there is neither precedent, nor law,
nor justice, for its passage.
I have taken pains to examine the speech made
by Mr. Pelton, of New York, in the last Con-
gress, and the speech made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] in the present
Congress. I have examined critically all the cases
referred to in those speeches, and I can show by
the law and the testimony, that there is not in
those cases a single principle which will justify
the House in passing this bill. There is not a
single instance of an act passed from the time of
the First Congress down to the present moment,
of duties being refunded on goods destroyed by
fire, which were not, at the time of their destruc-
tion, either in the custody of the custom-house
officers, or on their way from a port of entry to a
port of delivery. I challenge any gentleman from
New York to produce a single special act in which
this principle has been violated. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. John Cochrane] refers to
certain cases in which he said it had been done.
I have not time now to take up the cases to which
he made reference, and which I have now before
me; but they sustain no such principle as that
involved in this bill.
I have referred to the case in 5th Howard and
in 12th Wheaton, showing the time when goods
imported and remaining in unbroken packages
shall be considered as enteringmto the consump-
tion of the country. There is not a single case
decided by the Supreme Court, there is not a spe-
cial act passed by Congress, nor is there even a
semblance of justice to sustain the principle which
it is now sought to establish.
The gentleman from New York has referred to
the law of 1854 as affording a precedent for pass-
ing this special law for refunding duties to Bar-
clay, Livingston, and otheis. Sir, there was a
principle m that act. Under it $109,967 52 have
been refunded to sufferers by hie m New York
city. For what reason? Because the liquors and
wines were m bond. How was it in regard to
those goods upon which duties aie now asked to
be lefunded ? The goods had been delivered over
to the importing merchants. The duties had been
paid in cash to the Government, and the Govern-
ment was discharged from all liability. The goods
had actually gone into the consumption of the
country; because it is a notorious fact that the
large importing merchants not only sell, but fre-
quently send their goods into the interior m the
original unbroken packages; and according to the
principle decided in 12th Wheaton, goods under
such circumstances (the unbroken packages) aie
to be considered as havinggone into the consump-
tion of the country. Admitting the theory con-
tended for, it cannot therefore lie adopted as a
rule.
[>y the warehousing act of the 20ih of March,
l«5i, a punt iple is acknowledged, that duties al-
leady paid ou^ht to be refunded mail cases where
goods have been destroyed by fne or other casu-
, aity while remaining in the custody of the oili-
( ers of the custom-house, under bund, or m pub-
: he store-houses, or in the appiaiser's stores, or in
lvfiv->Uu. That is but thegieat iundaieental prin-
ciple, in specific substance, settled by Congress
m every special act passed horn 1789 down to the
pif^ent tune. This law, in truth, is in affirmance
: of the principle decided by the Supreme Court in
the eases m Howard and Wheaton ; and I call upon
the gentleman from New \ork to show me upon
i wha't foundation of justice, law, or equity these
■ parties can call upon Congress to act upon any
1 other principle than (bat which Congress has em-
' bodied in the act of 1354.
[Here the hammer fell.]
.Mr. AVASHGURX, of Maine. I am opposed
tii (he monoo of the i.reiiile(iiaii from Viig'.nia
r:\Ii-. Clemens] to strike out the enacting clause,
lor the reason that I believe the lull ouuht to be
i.-ported to the House wuh a ireommi-niiauon
that it do pass. This is not a bill asking Congress
i for a gratuity to these men, but asking Congress
