2in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
to give them relief, in accordance with the prin-
ciples of equal and exact justice.
This bill provides for refunding the duties to
the.original importers oa goods destroyed by fire
while in the original unbroken packages in which
they were imported, and which never went into
the consumption of the country. These men paid
the duties on their goods, and afterwards they
were compelled to import a like quantity of the
same goods to go into the consumption of the
country. The Government has, then, substan-
tially received duties upon the same goods twice;
and it seems to me wrong and unjust that the
Government should demand of these individuals,
who have imported goods into the country, and
which goods have been destroyed by fire while in
their possession in original and unbroken pack-
ages, that they should pay duties upon them. I
assert, that in every instance of this kind, where
duties have been paid, for which.no considera-
tion has been received, which has been brought
before Congress, the duties have been refunded.
There are some twenty cases of private bills to
be found upon your statute-books, exactly like
this bill, no better or more carefully guarded than
this, and the duties in every case have been re-
funded.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phil-
lips] asks why not have a general law ? There
is a general law. The law of 1854 provides that
the duties on goods destroyed by fire when in the
original unbroken packages shall be refunded
when the goods are in the hands of the importer.
I understand there is not, at most, but a single
case existing, (if, indeed, there is that,) in which
duties have not been refunded where goods have
been destroyedby fire, while in original packages.
The gentleman from Ohio asked, the other day,
why refunding duties should be confined to im-
porters; why should it not be extended to the re-
tailer? There is the argument of inconvenience
against it. Iteannotbedone. It would be open-
ing the door to frauds innumerable.
But there is a principle, Clear and fixed, which
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in 12 Wheaton. I will read from the de-
cision of the court, delivered by Justice Marshall,
(Brown vs. the State of Maryland, 12 Wheaton,
4*41-2:)
" It ib sufficient ft>r the present to «ay, generally, that when
the importer has so acted upon tile thins imported that it lias
become incoiporated and mixed up with the man ofpiop-
erly in the .-minny, it haa, perhaps, lo:-t its distinctive char
aeter as an import, anil has liccomc subject to the laving
power of the State; tint wlnle remaining thopioperty ot ilie
impoitcr, in Ins warehouse, in tiie original ibim nt package
in which it was imported, a tax upon it is too plainly a duty
ori impoits to escape the prohibition ill the Constitution."
Well, sir, that rule is a rule which can be ex-
ecuted. It is a plain and distinct rule. It is a rule
which leaves no door open for frauds. There is
no difficulty. There is no danger likely to arise,
or that can possibly arise to the Government.
In this case the question is, had the goods gone
into the consumption of the country ? If the goods
were in the original unbroken packages, then they
had not gone "into the consumption of the coun-
try. If those goods had been reexported, the law
provides for the repayment of the duties; but when
they have been destroyed by fire, will you retain
the duties'
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that under the resolution adopted by the
House, closing debate, the motion to strike out
the enacting clause is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have
held that the point would have been well taken
if it had been raised in time; but the Chair thinks
the question of order comes too late.
Mr. LETCF-IEl!. Then the Chair decides that
the resolution of the House is not binding upon
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
binding like the rules of the House. It must be
enforced in order, and at the proper time.
Mr.LETCHER. Does the Chair hold tlmtthe
committee is not required to execute the orders ot
the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia knows that when a motion has been enter-
tained without objection, and the committee has
proceeded to other business, it is too late to go
back to it. The Chair overrules the question of
order. «
Mr. CLEMENS. Have I not the right to with-
draw my motion?
The CHAIR. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. Is the motion debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The debate has
already taken place. .
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sicki.es and
Clemens were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 19.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting, the
Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. My question of order is that the gen-
tleman from Virginia has a right to withdraw his
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule provides that if
the committee finds itself without a quorum, the
roll shall be called, and the names of the absent
members reported to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am talking of
the motion to strike out the enacting clause. The
rule says that that motion, when made, shall take
precedence of amotion to amend, and therefore
it is not an amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist on the call.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, when the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Bishop, Bonhain, lioyce, Branch, Diayton, Bry-
an, .Buincu, limroughs, Cjlrutheis, ("askie, Chapman,
Hoi ace P. Claik, John B. Clark, Clay, Claik B. Cochrane,
John Coeinane, Comms, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Bur-
ton Orajge, Dean, Duvvart, Dick, Dunmick, IMic, English,
Eustts, Florence, Giddings,Giow, llailan, J.Morrison Har-
ris, Hickman, Norton, Hughes, Kent, Kellogg, Jacob M.
Kunkei, John C. Kunke), Lamar, Landv, Lawrence,
Lcach, Leidv, Montgomery, Ficomau II. Morse, Munay,
Niblack, Qhn, Reagan, Jteilly, Ricaud, Savage, Sealing,
Aaron Shaw, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner,
William Stewart, Cuoim  Taj lor, Thavei, Thomp-on,Wal-
ton, Ward, Wairen, Wilson, and Augustus It. Wnght.
The committee rose, and reported the names of
the absentees to the House. A quorum having
answered to their names, the committee again
resumed its session.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that the members of the
Committee on the Judiciary were 111 session by
the permission of the House, and that for that
reason some of them did not get up m time to
answer to their names.
Mr. Chapman and Mr. Craige, of North Car-
olina, were in attendance oil the Committee on
the Judiciary, and came into the Hall too late to
have their names recorded.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. WASIIliURN, of Maine. It is too late.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule is, that
the gentleman can withdraw the motion any time
before the decision of the House upon it. lie can
withdraw it even after the announcement of the
tellers, but before the announcement of the result
by the Cimn.
The CHAIRMAN. The H9th rule provides
that the motion to strike out the enacting words
of a bill shall have precedence of a motion to
amend, and, if carried, shall be considered equiv-
alent to its rejection. The Chair, on considera-
i tion, is of the opinion that the motion to strike
out can be withdrawn, like any other independent
| motion, before action of the committee upon it.
| Mr. CLEMENS. Then I withdraw the mo-
; tion.
I Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to strike out the
! officers named in the first section and to insert the
accounting officers of the Treasury.
I I have but a word to say. I do not see any
i reason why this claim should be exempt from the
! usual routine. Why shall it be adjudicated where
these gentlemen living in New York insist on
leaving it? Why shall it be left to New York
officers? Why shall it be where these importing
merchants insist that it shall be ? Why leave
i it with the officers of then own custom-house?
| Why shall they not, as every citizen, be required
; to present their vouchers to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury? Let them be, as I propose,
subject to all the checks that every other claim-
ant is, I do not say a word against the claim.
I confine myself to my amendment, and want to
know what reasonable objection there can be to it ?
If I am told that there is difficulty of proof, I
ask the gentleman from New York, [Mr. John
Cochrane,] who, I am sure, wants nothing in
this bill but what is just and fair, why they should
not present their claims for adjudication by the
accounting officers of the Treasury ? The amount
of duties paid, with a statement of the package on
which it was paid, is on file in New York. The
invoice shows the goods which were imported;
and all they have to do is to show by depositions
the amountof property which was destroyed, with
! the numbers and marks of the packages which
were destroyed.
Mr. LEITER. I rise to a point of order. It
is out of order for a Philadelphian to shake his
fist at a New Yorker. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will state that nearly all
the proof to make out an honest claim is in the
Treasury. We have not destroyed them, though
we have authorized the destruction of postmas-
ters' returns. The invoices are on record, and
the amount of duties paid can be ascertained.
There is no proof that cannot be had in the city
of Washington as well as in New York, with the
exception merely as to the actual goods destroyed
by fire; and that can be ascertained by depositions
to be taken in the city of New York, just as de-
positions are taken in other claims. Now I want,
Mr. Chairman, to ask that this claim shall take the
usual course of other claims. *
Mr. LEITER. I move to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I now rise to the point of
order I made before—that this motion is not in
order under the resolution closing debate on this
bill, which provides that it shall be subject to
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and rules the motion out of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask for the reading of the
119th rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend ; and if carried, shall
: be considered equivalent to its rejection."
j Mr. WINSLOW. I now ask for the reading
! of the note to the 119th rule.
j The note was read, as follows:
j "The Manual states that if a committee be opposed to
1 the paper or bill, and think that it cannot bo made good by
i amendment, the committee cannot reject it, but must re-
i port it back to the House without amendment, and there
i make their opposition. The Manual provides that a para-
j graph or section may be first amended by its friends, so as
1 to make it as peri'eet as thoy can before the question 1= put
■ for fluking it out. By this rule it is expressly established
j that a motion to strike out, for the puipote of decoying.
| shall be paramount to a motion to amend. Rule 139 pio-
vidcs that the Manual shall govern in eases in which it is
1 applicable, where it is not inconsistent with established
: rule*. In the case, then, of giving precedence to motions to
' m-^eit or to amend, ovei motions to *ttiko out or reject, it is
i eleaiiv inconsistent with an established rule; and, conse-
; queutly, the practice of the House for the last 1'ew years has
been in violation ot the 119th iu!e."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This committee
has no power to reject this, or any other bill; and
your rule declares that a motion to strike out the
enacting words of the bill, if carried, shall be
equivalent to its rejection.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not to be supposed that
j I acquiesce in the decision of the Chair by_ not
| taking an appeal at this time. I believe it is
i wrong.
| Mr". JOHN COCHRANE. I appeal from the
i decision of the Chair.
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would like to
! inquire of the gentleman from Virginia if he has
' not several times, during his service in Congress,
i voted to sustain the Chair in direct contradiction
j to this ruling 5 *
i The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
j Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers on the
,! appeal.
M Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dowdell
' and Waldron were appointed.
i The House divided; and the tellers reported—
: ayes 44, noes 90.
;j So the decision of the Chair was overruled,
l! The question recurred on Mr. Leiter's mo-
;; tion to strike out the enacting clause.
| i Mr. SANDIBGE demanded tellers.
!! Mr. LETCHER. Is the motion to strike out
II the enacting clause debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
' i the gentleman from Virginia, that the Chair first
!! decided on the point of order that the motion was
!| not debatable; but the Chair afterwards allowed
