no
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong.;..1st Sess
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Cameron.
Senate.
' - Mr. GREEN. It is not true.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Chair calls
both Senators to order.
•Mr. CAMERON. I repeat again 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
the Senator from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. CAMERON.' 1 mean not to be out of
order; and with due deference to the President of
the Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call the Senator to order, and requests the Sena-
tor for the moment to resume h is seat as the rules
require when a' gentleman is called to order. The
Chair reminds Senators now, that as the organ of
the body he will not suffer the cross conversa-
tions with each other which inevitably and imme-
diately lead, at such an hour of the night as this,
to unpleasant collisions; [Mr. Hamlin. That is
right.] and he therefore desires Senators to ad-
dress each, other through the Chair. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania will proceed.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 say again that, on a par-
ticular day, the Senate adjourned on a motion of
a gentleman on the other side of ihe House; and
that was the avowed object of the adjournment.
They adjourned on Friday, I believe, to meet
again on Tuesday; and I say it was for the pur-
pose of attending a political pageant. [It was
Washington's birthday.] That time was occu-
pied by gentlemen on the other side. They then
held their caucus, and decided upon their course
of action in regard to this bill. We were told,
after the Senate met, what their decision was.
They came not as gentlemen ought to come to
other gentlemen—" we desire you to do so and
so;" but they said you must do so.
Mr. GREEN. That is not correct, either.
Mr. CAMERON. Does the gentleman desire
that I should say something harsher than he
would like to hear?
Mr. GREEN. So far as I am concerned, I do.
Mr. CAMERON. I say you utter an untruth.
Mr. GREEN. 1 say you are a liar—that is all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both Senators are
out of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
please to pause for a moment. The Chair regrets
that in less than one minute after he called the
attention of the Senators to the rules of order, that
this scene should have occurred; and he feels it
his duty, as the organ of the body, to stop it.
Both Senators have violated the rules of order.
They have passed the limits of decorum. The
Chair says so with great respect to them; but it
is his duty to see that the rules are not violated;
and he will call any Senator to order who ad-
dresses any other person, in speaking, than the
Chair.
Mr. CAMERON. I again beg pardon of the
Seriate; yet I do not believe I did what was wrong.
I only repeat to the gentleman over there that I
am responsible for all I have said to him; to the
Senate I say I am sorry if I have done anything
wrong. I say again, that this whole matter has
been carried out in a dictatorial and improper
manner. I told that gentleman more than once to-
night that I, for one, would go into caucus to-mor-
row with my friends and endeavor to have this
question decided at some early day. I thought
it could be decided this week, certainly by next
Monday. I said so on the floor; I repeated it
three or four times; and it has been repeated by
half a dozen gentlemen on this side. Now, if he
or any other gentleman expects to drive us by
sitting it out, they are very much mistaken. To
say the least, we belong to the same race, and can
endure just as much. I can sit here just as long
as any other individual, on this question. They
cannot drive us. By treating us with courtesy
and decency, we will do almost anything they
desire; but they cannot force us to any decision.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to make a remark.
I do not know what is the motion pending, and
I do not know that what I propose to say will be
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. GREEN. Then what I have to say is in
order, and the reason why I desire to say it is in
justice to myself. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia intimates that I arrogate to myself a superior-
ity, or a command which does not properly belong
to me. I have never done any such thing, and
the Senator does me injustice when he insinuates
it; and he not only does me that injustice, but he
knows it is injustice. He knows it; for I am but
the organ of a committee, and the agent of the
party, responsible on this question. I am not to
arrogate to myself a superiority over any man,
but I am to assume to myself an equality with
him or any other.
With regard to his intimation that we held a
caucus, and then went and dictated terms to him,
I say it is not true. I went this morning, as the
Senators from Massachusetts and other Senators
would bear me witness, if they were in their seats,
and said to him, in a playful manner, " I have
come to you as envoy extraordinary and minis-
ter plenipotentiary; what terms do you propose?"
Does that bear out the slander that the Senator
from Pennsylvania has endeavored to heap upon
my head? No; it rivets it upon him; and the
Senator from Massachusetts will bear me witness
of the truth of what I say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
the gentleman from Missouri to order.
Mr. GREEN. I will sit down. I may have
used too harsh words. It is a slander, neverthe-
less.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls the
Senator from Missouri to order. He considers
that language out of order. The Chair has called
the Senator to order as required by the rules of
the body. It is for the Senate to say whether he
shall proceed.
Mr. GREEN. If I used any harsher terms
than he used to me, I give in; I submit to the
order of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has at-
tempted to arrest it in both Senators.
Mr. BRODERIClt. It is evident, Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri was entitled to the floor. He was out of
order; but with the general consent of the Senate
he will proceed in-order.
Mr. GREEN. I was through.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I simply rise for the pur-
pose of stating that I had the floor, and yielded it
to Senators.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin whether I did not ask
him as to what time he thought would be agree-
able to his side to fix for the closing of this de-
bate? and, if I recollect aright, he told me this day
three weeks, he thought, would be about the time
we could get through. I do not make mistakes
on this question. I never make mistakes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In response to the honor-
able gentleman's question, I will state that the
Senatordidaskme the question when we would be
prepared to take this vote, and I remarked to him
that, in my opinion, in two weeks all the mem-
bers of the Senate could be heard who desired to
speak upon this question; and I thought that two
weeks would not be an unreasonable time. That
is the substance of the conversation.
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. President, I beg leave
to remark injustice to myself, after having con-
sulted, as I think, in the kindest and most courte-
ous manner imaginable, and requested of Senators
on the opposite side to say what time they thought
they could be prepared to take a vote, to be char-
acterized, as the Senator from Pennsylvania did,
in attempting to dictate terms to them, is enough
to harrow up my feelings, for it is not true. I
will not use a harsh word; it will be out of order.
If I get out of the Senate Chamber, I shall use a
harsh word to his teeth, for there no rule of order
will correct me; but in this Senate I will not vio-
late the rules of order if I know it. I will simply
say that it is not correct; but when once out of
this Chamber, I shall use the appropriate epithet
which belongs to the West.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, am I ex-
; pected 
j Mr. GREEN. I do not yield the floor. With
i regard to the adjournment over in order to attend
1 the pageant at Richmond, I will merely remark
I that this bill had not been made the special order
at that time. Since this bill was m^de the specia
order, the Senate has never adjourned over from
Thursday to Monday by the votes of the majority
on this side of the Chamber. I assert that to be
the truth, leaving anybody to controvert it who
dare,
But enough of this. Why go into these little
bickerings? If there is a soul that has a feeling
of animosity to settle, outside of this Chamber is
the place to settle it. In this Chamber, as he well
remarked, we meet as equals, each being respons-
ible to tell the truth, and if wc do not do it, to be
held up to public opprobrium. I have repeated
what I know Senators will bear me witness to,
that I never went to that side of the Chamber to
dictate the time at which they should take the
vote; but went there to ask what time it would be
agreeable to them; and when they did not give me
an answer, I told them what my instructions were
—not dogmatically—not because I, as an individ-
ual, assumed the power; but under instruction
from the majority, who were responsible to the
country—that I, as their agent, would be com-
pelled to press it in the absence of any under-
standing being given us. Instead of being harsh
I thought I was very kind. Whether it be so or
not, 1 leave the public to judge. As to any ques-
tion of veracity between that Senator and myself,
in five minutes after this Senate adjourns, we can
settle that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit that that is out
of order.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, if that is
intended for a threat, it has no effect on me at all.
Mr. GREEN. It is no threat.
Mr. CAMERON. The gentleman says he has
not dictated; but yet during the whole evening he
has been taking the lead in this matter. It is he
who has made all this difficulty. I understood
his colleague to say, that after the gentleman from
New Hampshire should have finished his speech,
that then the Senate would adjourn. It was un-
derstood on our side that they would adjourn
when that speech was over, as I understood, on
the motion of the Senator from Missouri; and
Senators have gone home with that understand-
ing. Now, it is not necessary for me to talk to
the Senator from Missouri. I am able to take
care of myself, and 1 think I shall do so now and
hereafter, too.
I repeat again, and I repeat it upon the expres-
sions which he made this evening, that the mi-
nority has had no responsibility; that therespons-
ibility was all upon the majority, and upon this
principle I say ail this discussion has been post-
poned by them. They have the majority, and
could have prevented an adjournment any day
they thought proper, or at any hour on any day;
but they did not see proper to do so, and are re-
sponsible for it. The majority have adjourned
from day to day; they adjourned to go to Rich-
mond; they adjourned over from Thursday to
Monday; they did so every week until the last
week, and all the time since we have been dis-
cussing this question. To-day, he says, he came
over here as plenipotentiary for his party, to fix
some time on which the vote should be taken.
He came here, as I suppose, after a caucus among
his people. That would*have been all well ana
fair before the Senate met, but as it occurred, in
fact, after the Senate was in session, gentlemen on
this side had no opportunity to meet and consult
on the course they should take. I repeated, in
private conversation, half a dozen times, and I
said so publicly, give us an opportunity to meet,
and I, for one, would endeavor to get an early
day fixed for the decision of this question; if we
failed to agree on a reasonable time, agreeable to
the majority, that then they should act as they
thought proper, and we should act as we think
proper. I can speak more freely because it is not
necessary that I should remain here. I have
agreed to pair off with a gentleman who has been
called away, and I might go home. But if it is
determined by physical force, I repeat again that
this side can stand as much force as any gentle-
men on the other side, although I prefer, and I
think, for our own sake, and the benefit of the
country, and an early decision upon this ques-
tion, it would bo better to adjourn now, meet to-
morrow at the usual hour, and then fix a time for
taking the vote.
