1858.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Doolittle,
■ Senate.
• Mr. BRODERICK. It is evident from the de-
bate that the majority on this side of the Cham-
ber have resolved to remain here until the vote is
taken upon this question. I hope no overture will
be again made from Senators on the other side of
the Chamber; for it must be evident to them that
the majority have resolved to sit this question
out. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
left this Chamber an hour since, with the under-
standing, I believe, that the Senate would aiftourn
immediately after the Senator from New Hamp-
shire had concluded his speech. I am very glad
that he has gone home, for he will be here early
in the morning, if the Senate intend to remain
here during the night. It is now morning, I be-
lieve. Therefore, I would suggest to Senators
upon the other side to resort to the remedy ac-
corded by the rules of the Senate. If tliey get
tired of speaking, move an adjournment or a post-
ponement of the question. Let us hear no more
propositions from that side of the Chamber for
any compromise. [" Gluestion!" " Gluestion!"]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was upon the floor when
this desultory debate sprang up. The question
pending before the Senate, and upon which the
yeas and nays are ordered, if I have not forgot-
ten, is a motion to postpone this subject until to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the mo-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That means, I suppose,
until half past twelve o'clock to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about to reply to the
suggestion which was made by the Senator from
Mississippi. He said that he either asked of us
to state now that we would take the vote on Mon-
day, or that we would to-morrow agree to take
the vote on Monday; or that we would agree, if
we did not come to that conclusion, that we would
waive all right, by parliamentary law or other-
wise, to postpone the time of taking the quesiion.
Now it is unfair, it seems to me, to press any-
thing of this kind upon us when no opportunity
has been allowed us to consult. We could not
make the proposition if we would.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend allow me a mo-
ment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield.
Mr. BROWN. I simply stated that if gentle-
men in their individual capacity who had sub-
mitted this proposition failed to get their party
associates to agree to take the vote on Monday,
they, as individual Senators, would not engage m
any effort to stave it off by calling the yeas and
nays, and resorting to further parliamentary tac-
tics, if he could not commit his friends to vote on
Monday; of course not to commit them to any
other policy. I only held that some four or live
of those gentlemen might enter into an arrange-
ment of that sort. I never understood that the
whole party should be committed to anything
until they agreed in caucus.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi does not relieve
the difficulty at all. As long as gentlemen actin
party associations it is not proper, if a party cau-
cus is to be called, for them in advance to pledge
what they will do, or may not do; for when the
matter comes to be consulted on it may be thought
prudent, 011 consultation, that a certain course
should be pursued; and in duty to the party ob-
ligations which they are under, gentlemen would
not give a pledge of that kind in advance. We
have had no opportunity to consult.
But again, Mr. President, this matter of delay
in the discussion of this question is not to be
charged upon our side of the Chamber altogether.
It is true there was a good deal of discussion upon
the President's message, but it was suggested by
the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son,] and other Senators on this floor, that it
was irregular; that the whole debate upon the
merits of the Lecompton constitution was irreg-
ular and out of order, and ought not to be pro-
ceeded with by the Senate; and therefore it was
urged upon those who desired to speak to wait
until the committee had made their report, and
the question came before the Senate in a practical
shape, and the direct proposition was before the
Senate for the time in its legislative capacity, and
then it would be a proper matter for discussion.
Upon that suggestion I know that very many
Senators on this side of the Chamber refrained
altogether from preparing themselves for debate,
or from taking any part in the discussion, until
the Lecompton constitution should be presented.
The very vote on that constitution in the Terri-
tory of Kansas did not take place until the 21st
of December. The Legislature of the Territory
passed a law on the 17th of December, that that
constitution should be submitted to a vote of the
people on the 4th of January. An election was
held, in fact, on the 4th of January, whether
that constitution should be accepted or rejected
by the people of Kansas; and it was but just to
wait until these events should transpire before
entering into a full discussion of this question.
For myself, I believe I have maintained, and I do
now maintain, that the vote which was taken by
the people of Kansas, on the 4th of January,
under a law of the Legislature of that Territory,
by which they rejected the constitution by over
ten thousand majority, is a vote which is bind-
ing in good faith upon that people, and bind-
ing in good faith upon this Senate, the Congress,
and the country. That matter, of course, could
not have been discussed until it transpired. It
took several days before it was known and un-
derstood here what that vote was—what the re-
sult of it was; and the subject was not fairly pre-
sented until brought into the Senate upon the
report of the committee. Since it has come into
the Senate on the report of the committee, there
has been but about one month, and only nne
month, for the discussion of this question. Hav-
ing myself occupied some considerable time of
the Senate, I feelitbut just toother Senators that
they should have a fair opportunity to speak on
this question; and so far as any influence that i
can exert, or any vote that I can give, will allow
them that fair opportunitity, I am disposed to
do it.
I did state to the honorable gentleman from
Missouri, that if this matter could be continued
for two weeks longer there would be a fair oppor-
tunity for all to be heard, if upon that side of the
Chamber they did not occupy more than a fair por-
tion of the time; but I believed that at least that
time would be required to present this case prop-
erly, or give Senators here a fair opportunity to
present theirviewsuponit. Still,as there is such
a strong disposition to have the vote taken, 1 am
not quite certain but what we might agree that
the vote should be taken at an earlier day than
two weeks from to-day, when the vote should be
taken; but I am not prepared now to pledge my-
self that it shall be taken at an earlier day than
two weeks from to-day. The honorable gentle-
man from Ohio suggested, in the course of his
remarks not long since, that if a day were fixed
within two weeks it would be satisfactory to him.
What great reason is there, Mr. President, why
this matter should be pressed? What great dif-
ference would two, three, or four days, or oven a
week, make? It is said oh the one hand, if the
Lecompton constitution is to pass, that it neces-
sarily involves a civil war in Kansas. On the
other side, it is insisted or threatened by some on
this floor that, if Kansas be rejected under the
Lecompton constitution, the Union is to be dis-
solved. Well, sir, I do not anticipate either event.
I do not want a war in Kansas; I do not want a
dissolution of the Union; and the longer you post-
pone the matter, the longer you postpone the evil
day which seems to be anticipated on the one side
or the other. If, as has been earnestly said here
by honorable Senators, based upon the inform-
ation which they derive from Kansas, there is
any truth in the resolutions of that Territory that
the passage of the Lecompton constitution shall
be regarded as a declaration of war upon that
people, and that they will resist it unto the last
extremity, that it will light the torch of civil war
—if there is any truth in this, it is a matter well
to be considered. So, too, if there is any shadow
of foundation for this intimation thrown out that
the union of the States is to be broken up, if Kan-
sas is not to be admitted under this Lecompton
constitution, that is a direful calamity. For my-
self, sir, I am not prepared for either calamity.
I would not hasten on the hour when either calam-
ity could possibly ensue.
Now, I ask Senators, what difference is it
whether the vote is taken one day or six days
later? within one week, or within two weeks?
Whatdifferenceisitto theinterests of the country?
We see, Mr. President—we have evidence in what
has transpired upon this floor—what results from
these night sessions, and from this attempt on one
side to press the Senate to a vote on this question.
The order of the Senate is broken down; the dig-
nity the decorum of the Senate is destroyed, to a
certain extent; Ill-feeling is engendered between
Senators on this floor in consequence of it. I sub-
mi t that the proposition of theSenator from Texas,
[Mr. Houston,] that the Senate commence its
sessions at eleven o'clock, instead of at twelve
o'clock—that all other business be laid aside for
the purpose of debating this question, and for no
other purpose, and thus give a fair opportunity for
all to express their vie ws, and then come to a vote—
is a fair one, and ought to be adopted. There is
no doubt that in this Senate there is a majority in
favor of the passage of this bill in some shape.
We expect that the majority will come to a vote
at the proper time. We do not intend to resist it
factiously. What has transpired to-night should
not be taken as a factious opposition; for J protest
to gentlemen that it has been understood upon our
side of the Chamber—not that we will say there
was a positive agreement to that effect, but it has
been understood on this side of the Chamber,
and such has been the understanding of every Sen-
ator with whom I have conversed, that this mat-
ter was not to be pressed to a vote on Monday;
that, at all events, if we came to a vote any time
during the present week, it would be all that was
expected; and this effort to press it to a vote to-
night has taken us by surprise. We have, there-
fore, been thrown upon the exercise of our par-
liamentary rights, upon motions to adjourn, and
motions to postpone, for the purpose of enabling
those who have prepared themselves,orare nearly
prepared to deliver their views on this question,
to have an opportunity to do so to-morrow.
Now, Mr. President, I have not said, I do not
know that any gentleman upon this side of the
Chamber has said, when this vote will be taken,
nor have they indicated a period in which it shall
notbetaken. I hope the honorable Senators upon •
the other side will not undertake to press us to
the point when we must take a resolution to make
any delay for the purpose of delay. We have
not desired to do it. .We do not desire to do it.
We desire only to afford an opportunity to every
Senator who desires to express his views on this
question to do so. We have no desire to make
delay for the purpose of delay—none whatever.
I hope the Senate will pass the resolution offered
by the Senator from Texas, and then to postpone
the further consideration of this question until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, or to-day,
rather. *
Mr. HALE. To-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. To-day is to-morrow, legisla-
tively speaking.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senate consent to
let that resolution to meet at eleven o'clock be
taken up and passed, 1 have no objection to have
our sessions commence at eleven instead of twelve
o'clock, and to postpone all other business, and
discuss this question, and nothing else,. We can
then give gentlemen an opportunity to speak.
Now, I am informed (I do not know whether
correctly or not) that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr.Crittenden,] thehonorableSen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Beli.,] and the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] de-
sire to speak on this question. The honorable
Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] itisknown,
desires to speak on this question. For the last
week he has been confined to his bed by sickness,
and is unable to speak now, and I submit it is not
right on the part of the majority, under these cir-
cumstances, to press it to a vote to-night. 1 un-
dertake, further, to say that it is not right on the
part of the majority to press us to the point of
saying that the vote cannot be taken to-mght and
shall not be taken to-night, nor for a week to
come. We do not desire to.be pressed to take
that resolution on any question. We know that
the majority have power in the Senate; we sim-
ply appeal to their sense of justice in this mat-
ter to postpone it until to-morrow. Pass, if you
please, a resolution to commence the session at
