1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BURROUGHS introduced a bill granting
land to the Niagara ship canal in the State of New
York; which was read a-first and second time.
He moved that it be referred to a select committee
of nine to be appointed by the Speaker.
Mr. COBB. Tins is an important bill propos-
ing to giveaway a large quantity of lands. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LETCHER. Out of regard to my friend,
who sits by me, [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,] I
move its reference to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, as that committee has nothing to
do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would
be a good thing for the country if many of these
committees had less to do.
Mr. BURROUGHS called for tellers on Mr.
Letcher's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burroughs
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 67.
So the House refused to refer the hill to the Com-
niittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
That committee have always had charge of such
subjects.
Mr. COBB. I moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, because the bill makes an
appropriation of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I ask for tellers on the
motion to refer to the Committee on Commerce.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrb. Winslow
and Buffinton were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. COBB. As my friends around me wish to
indulge the gentleman from New York in having
his bill referred to a select committee, I will with-
draw my motion to refer to the Committee on
Public Lands.,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. COVODE. Is it in order to move to lay the
bill on the table in this stage of the proceedings ?
I thought the order of the House provided that a
bill should only be introduced for reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is in order, I
imagine, if a majority choose to send it there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubt
whether the motion is in order.
Mr. GROW. The same point arose yesterday,
and the Chair decided it was not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I think the motion is not in
order. The order of the House does not contem-
plate that any action shall be taken on bills in-
troduced. Now, sir, to lay a bill on the table is
direct action on its merits, and I think is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The language of the order
is, that "the States be called, beginning where
the Speaker left off; upon such call members may
introduce bills for reference only, and of which
previous notice has been given."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. " For reference
only'-' is the object of the member who introduces
the bill; but the House has power to dispose of
what is introduced. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object to debate.
Mr. STANTON. If you may lay it upon the
able you may engross and pass it.
The SPEAKER. Unquestionably the bill
could net be put upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit that you can-
not lay it upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
decide that my motion is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I make an-
other motion. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and upon that I demand the yeas and nays; and
nsk for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Waldkon were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-five; (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AM, Andean. Atkins, Aveiy, Darks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Branca,
Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John B. Clark,' Clay, Chngman,
Cobb, Coekerill,Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Dewait, Dowdel!, EdmumUon, Elliott,
Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell. Gillie, Gre^g,
Groesbeck, Thomas L. Harris, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson. Jenkins, Jevvett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maclav, McQueen. Samuel
S. Marshall, Mason, Muynard, Millson, Moore, Isaac N.
Morris, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Powell, Quitman,
Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Scales, Aaron Shaw. Henry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Miles Taylor, Trippe, Warren, Watkins, Winslow, and
John V. Wright—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Arnold, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blus, Brayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,
John Cochrane, Colfav, Comins, Coining, Covode, Cragin,
JamesCraig, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Durfee, English, Tarns-
worth, Foster, Gidditigs, Oilman, Goocli, Grangei, Law-
rence W. Hall,«Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Hairis,
Hatch, Hoard. Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach. Leiter, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Maishall, Montgomery,Morgan,Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman 71. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Molt, Obn,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Riearnl, Ritchie, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Sundidge, Sear-
ing, Seward, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, Wil/ram Stewart, George Taylor, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washhume,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke, and
Augustus II. Wright—101.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Pending the call,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, stated that had
he been in the Hall when his name was called he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Fenton had been
called home by urgent business, and had paired
off with Mr. Kelly.
Mt\ FAULKNER stated that Mr. Goode was
absent from indisposition.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer
the bill to a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BURROUG1IS. That motion has been
once made.
The SPEAKER. It was withdrawn. The
House did not vote on it.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Bovee, Bryan, Burnett,
Casluo, Chapman, John 1?. Claik, Chngman, Cobb, Coek-
enll, James Craig, Burton Craige. Crawford, Damrell, Da-
vidson, Davis of Indiana, Dean, Dowdell, Edmund^on,
Elliott,Faulkner, Florence, Folev. Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis,
Greenwood, Hopkins, Houston, liuvlef, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamaf, Landy. Lawrence, Leidy, Mc-
Queen, Samuel S. Martial!, Mason. Mnynard, Millson,
Montgomery, Moore. Isaac N. Morns, Niblaek, Pendleton,
Peyton, PhiUips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
Rutftn/Sandidgc, Savage, Scale?, Aaron Shaw, ileniy M.
Shaw, Shorter, Robert" Smith, Samuel A. Smith. Steven-
son, James A. S'ewort, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Waikms,
Winslow, Woitendyke. aiidJnnn V. Wright—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Bennett, Bingham,
BJair, HIks, Bravton, Builinton, Buihngame, Bums, Bur-
roughs, Campbell, Ca e, Chaftee, Ezra CSailc, Horacc'F.
Ciai'K, 'dawson, John Cochrane, Coital, C'mimf, Coining,
Covode, Cox, Ciagm, Cmtijs, Davis of Maiyiand, Davis oi p
Ma?; aehu>etts Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dick, Dodii, Durfee, , J
FarjHWorth, Foster, Oilman, Goodwin, Giow, Lawience !|
W. Hal), Kobert B. Hall, Hailan, J. Moiwson Kauis, ;;
Hatch, Hoard, Ilorton, Howard. Kellogg, Kcteey, Kilgore, ;
Knapp, Leach, Lcitcr. Lovejoy, Humpnrey Mas shall, Mor- ;
gan, Morrill, Edward Jov Mori it, Free man H. Moi.-e, Oliver •
A. Mor^e, Muiray, OimJ Palmer. Parker, Pettit, Potter, Pot- !
Wnlbndge, "Waldion. Walton, Wanen, Cadwalader C. .
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbmne, Isiael Washburn, Wood- t
I bon, and Augustus E. Wright—94. j
| So the House refused to refer the bill to the ij
| Committee on PuHic Lands. _ !|
The Question w«s then taken on the motion to fj
refer the bill to a select committee of nine; and it |j
was agreed to. 1
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT SAG HARBOR.
Mr. SEARING submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and they
are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting a custom-house and post office in the village of Sag
Harbor, New York; and that thev report by bill or other-
wise.
COMPENSATION OP CERTAIN POSTMASTERS.
Mr. SPINNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas, by a jointresolution of Congress, approved April
27 th, 1816, the Secretary of State is required to compile and
print, once m two years, a register which shall contain f< cor-
rect lists of the officers and agents, civil, military, and naval,
in the service of the United States, and which shall exhibit
the amount of compensation, pay, and emoluments allowed
to each officer;" and whereas,nt appears fiom the register
lately published by the present Secretary of State that the
postmasters of New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New
Orleans, and other principal cities, receive $2,000 per an-
num, only; and whereas, itis the generally received opinion
that in addition to a eompensauon of $*2,000 per annum,
postmasters in all cities deceive laige emoluments in the
shape of box-rents; and whereas, postmasters are required
by law to report to the Postmaster General, under oath, the
amounts collected at their respective offices for box rents:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to furnish the Hou&e of Representatives with a statement
showing the amount collected for box-rent at the principal
post offices for the year ending June 30, 1857; and that he
be also directed to mfoim tlie House of Representatives
whether the respective amounts set opposite the names of
postmasters m the biennial register, include all emolu-
ments retained by paid postmasters, or whether said amounts
exiubit the compensation alone, exclusive of emoluments.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ANDREWS offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Thomas Duer, of Monroe county, State
of New York, have leave to withdraw his petition and the
accompanying papers, a copy thereof being retained on the
files of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ANDREWS. Itisproposed to leave copies
on the files of the House. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The gentleman can
take copies, and leave the origins here.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. HOARD offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into thepiopriety of providing by law tor
the election oi postmasters by the legal voters doing busi-
ness at the seveial post offices of the United States.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT PLATTSBURG.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill to provide for
the construction of a marine hospital at Platts-
burg, in the State of New York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
BREAKWATER, ETC., AT PLATTSBUKG.
Mr. PALMER also introduced a bill for the
completion of the breakwater atPlattsburg,New
York, and the erection of light-houses thereon;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
JOB STAFFORD.
Mr. PALMER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting to
Job Staffoid, of the State of New York, who was a soldier
in the war of 1812, one hundred and sixty acrcs of land, in
con.idcration of his having been engaged in an action with
the enemy, and totally disabled Hy a cannon-ball from a
British war-bug or gunboat, at the'mouth of the river Co-
quet, on the 33th of May, L81-1.
DUTY ON COAL AND IRON.
Mr. DEWART offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so altering the
revenue law? as to mcicase the duty on coal and iron.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT CAMDEN.
Mr. CLAWSON offered, the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,andagreed to:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediencyof purchasing a site and con-
structing a building for a post office and custom-house at
Camden, New Jersey.
