1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2173
debate on the question. The Chair decides that
the motion is not debatable.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair deciding that the question is not de-
batable.
[Cries of " Too late !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to present
a question of order to the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain another point of order while an appeal is
pending: The Chair decides that the motion to
strike out the enacting clause is not debatable,
and from that decision the gentleman from Vir-
ginia appeals.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit that that
appeal was not taken in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
was taken in time.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to make a suggestion
in support of the decision of the Chair. We are
acting under an order of the House closing de-
bate; and no debate is allowed, except five min-
utes to explain an amendment and five minutes
to oppose it. This is not an amendment. It takes
precedence of all amendments. It is a motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill and does
not come under the rule which allows five min-
utes' speeches.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair that, if the five-minute rule is in force to
make this not a debatable question, it is in force
securing the right to offer amendments and debate
them for five minutes.
Mr. STANTON. The rule expressly says that
the question shall be taken without debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the motion is not debatable, because it is, like a
motion to lay upon the table, an independent mo-
tion, and takes precedence of motions to amend.
The House, too, has closed debate upon all ques-
tions except the five minutes'debate upon amend-
ments, and this, not being an amendment, is not
debatable. From this decision the gentleman from
Virginia appeals; and the question is: " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Chair one question. If the motion was made in
the House would it not be debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question with
which the Chair has nothing to do; it would be a
question for the Speaker to decide. The Chair
declines, therefore, to answer the question.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and eleven, noes not
counted.
So the motion to strike out the enacting clause
was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had the Pri-
vate Calendar generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 104) to refund to Bar-
clay & Livingston, and others, duties on certain
goods destroyed by fire in the city of New York,
on the 19th day of July, 1845, and had directed
him to report the same to the House, with arec-
ommendation that the enacting clause be stricken
°UMr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the ques-
tion now? .
The SPEAKER. Upon concurring in the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move the pre-
vious question upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. WxlSHBURN, of Maine. I would ask it
it is not competent for the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, to address the House
before the question is taken on the motion to lay
upon the table1 .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not desire to
do it. 1 have more regard for the time of the
House than to do it. Let us have the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Boeock, Bowie, Branch, Bryan, Cdskie, Chapman,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
Curry, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Edmundaon,
Farnsworth, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Goode, Greenwood, Grege, Grocsbeck, Lawrence W. flail,
Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hill, Hoard. Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jevvett, George W.Jouqs,
J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Leidy, Leiter, Letcher. McQueen, Hilniplney Marshall,
Samuel S Maishall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Millson,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton. Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Quitman. Ready, Reagan,Ritchie, Royce, Kntlin,
Sandidge, Scales, Henvv M. Shaw, Sickles, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, Miles Tavlor, Tompkins, Underwood,
Watkins, White, Wuislow, Woodson, and Zollicoffer—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett. Billing-
hurst, Biair, Bliss, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burns, Camp-
bell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John Cochrane, Comms,
Covode, Cragin, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dick,
Dodd, Durfee, Fcriton, Floience, Foster, Gilnian, Gooch,
Goodwin, Giangcr, Grow, Hatch, Howard. K«llogg, Kel-
sov, Knapp, Lovcjoy. Maclay, MclCibbin, Matteson, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Ohn. Palmer, Pettit, Pike,
Potter. Robbins, Russell, Scott, Sewaid, Jndson W. Sher-
man, Shorter, Spnmei, Tappan, George Taylor, Trippc,
Wade, Walbudge, Waklion, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Klhlm B. Washbume, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and
Wood—70.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McdUEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
BoNHAit,had been called home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, was indisposed, and had left the
House, and had paired off with him upon this
bill. He (Mr. Crawford) was opposed to the
bill, anil Mr. Stephens was in favor of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Burroughs upon this bill;
he being opposed to it, and Mr. Burroughs in
favor of it.
Mr. McQJJEEN stated that Messrs. Miles
and Moore, intending to vote upon different sides
of this question, had paired off.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that he
had paired off upon this bill with Mr. Bishop,
who had gone homo in consequence of indispo-
sition; he (Mr. Wright) being opposed to the
bill, and Mr. Bishop in favor of it.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House laid the bill on the table, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. "VVA SHBURN, of Maine. I ask for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-five in the affirmative, (not one fifth of
those present.)
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BLISS demanded tellers upon the adjourn- j
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Seward were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 65, noes 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
twenty-three members having voted therefor.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was then agreed to—ayes 95, noes54.
And then, on motion of Mr. ZOLLICOFFER,
(at a quarter past four o'clock,) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 17, 1858.
Prayer by P^ev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives on Saturday, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 56) making an appropriation for
the completion of the military road from Astoria
to Salem, in Oregon Territory—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (C. C. No. 65) for the relief of Benjamin
L. McAtee and Isaac N. Eastham, of Louisville,
Kentucky—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 222) for the relief of Elizabeth E.
V. Field—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 231) for the relief of Nancy Serena
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 251) to authorize the claimants in
right of John Huertas to enter certain lands in
Florida—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill (No. 318) recognizing the assignment of
land warrant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis,
as valid—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. .336) for the relief of B. W. Palmer
and.others—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of a law grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of the Indian wars,
from 1791 to 1795, and to the widows of those
deceased; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New York, against any further special ap-
propriations of public lands to the new States, until
the old States shall have received their equitable
proportion; which were ordered to lie on the ta-
ble, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New York, in favor of a donation of pub-
lic land for the construction of a ship canal around
the falls of Niagara; which were ordered to lie 011
the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the Board of Trade at Oswego, New-
York, 111 favor of an appropriation for the repair
of the pier in the vicinity of the light-house at
that point; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a memorial of cit-
izens of California, remonstrating against the re-
peal of the law establishing the Light-House
Board; which was referred to the Committee On
Commerce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from La Crosse to Winne-
bago City, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Minnesota, praying the establishment of a mail
route from St. Peter to Pajutazec, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, praying that certain land offices in that
State, about to be closed in pursuance of law, may
be consolidated at St. Louis; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of _ R. F.
Blocker, E. J. Gurley, and J. l'\ Davis, licensed
practitioners of law, in Texas, praying compen-
sation for defending Captain Andeisou, his offi-
cers and men, who were arrested and tried for an
alleged violation of the laws of Texas, in execut-
ing an order of their superior officer; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Oirfereri, That William Moss have leave to withdrawhis
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
'; was
' j Ordered. That leave be granted to withdraw from the
: file- of the Senate, the petition and papers relative to the
I! claim of Peayand Ayhffe, to additional: compensation^ for
j j carrying the mail Iroin Little Rock tu Washington, Aikan
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That Captain John Brown have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
i; dian Affairs, to whom were referred resolutions
i! of the Legislature of California, relative to the
