1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. CLAWSON also introduced a bill to extend
the provisions of the act entitled " An act in ad-
dition to certain acts granting bounty lands to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States," to
the officers and soldiers of the companies of Cap-
tains John Scull and Robert Smith, of Gloucester
couuty, New Jersey; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. MONTGOMERY introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the admission of Kansas into the Union;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS. Has notice of that bill been
given ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It has been given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Head the bill.
The bill was read. It provides for tile calling
of an extra session of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, which shall apportion the Ter-
ritory into sixty districts, from which delegates
shall be elected, to whom shall be referred the
Lecompton constitution, with power to amend the
same. The amendments to be referred to a vote
of the people.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move that the bill
be referred to the select committee having charge
of the subject.
Mr. S L'EPHENS, of Georgia. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee oil Territories.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia on the
table.
Mr. PHELPS. That will carry the bill with
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a motion to lay on the table a motion to refer.
Mr. HUGHES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. ^hl, Anderson, Atkins. Aveiy, IJark^-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, I3ouic, Bianch, Bryan, Burnett,
Bums, Ca?kte, John H. Ul.uk, Clay, Clmtjman, Co!)!),
John Cochrane, Corning, James Ciaig, itmton Ciaigc,
Crawford, Curry, Dovvdell, Edmund-on, Elliott, Etistis,
Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Gaitrell, Gslh-., Cioemvood,
Gregg, Match, llawkin?, Hopkins Hon-ton, Hughes, liny-
lei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewctt.Geoige W. Jone^, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jono*, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Laudy,
Leidy, Letcher. Maclay, McQueen, \Tason, Maynard,
MilLon, Moore, Nihlack,' Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ueilly, Iticaud, Rutfin, Russell,
Sundtdge, Savage, Scales, Sewaid, UemyM. Shaw, Shoit-
er, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvoith, Hophens, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewait, Talbot, Gcoige Taj lor, Miles
Taylor.Tripp:*, VVaid. Wan en, W.ukm^, White, Woodson,
Wortendyke, Augustus- 11, Wriclst, and John V. Wright—
93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Aiirain, Andrew, Bennett, 13d-
Jmgliurst, Bingham, Blau, Bin-, Brayton, Bufnnton, Bui-
lingamu, Bunough-, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezia Clark, Horace F. Clark, Claw-on, Oockeiill, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cok, Ciagin, Cuius. Damrell, Davis of
Maryland. Davis; of Fndmna, D.u w of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes. Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd, Dm fee, Foley,
Foster, Giddiug^, Giluian, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Gian-
ger, Gioe-beck, Gioiv, L iwienee W II.ill, Robeit B. Hall,
ilailan, Hoard, Hoi ton, Hoivaid, Kellogg. Kel-sC.v, Kilsore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Latvience, Leach, Leitei, Love-
joy, McKibbin, Humphrey Maivhail, Samuel S. Mai^hal!,
Matteson, Monfgomeiy, Mouari. Woi nil. Hdward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morris, Fieeman ff. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pemt, Potter,
Pottle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Roheits, llojce, Aaion Shaw,
John Sherman, Jud-on W. Shoiman. Robeit Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewait, Tappau, Tha er, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, VValbndge. YValdton,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Wasbbum, Eiiihu B. Wasbburne,
and Israel Washburn—105.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on Territories.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. Mc&TJEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
K-F.itt, had paired off with Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane.
Mr. CLAWSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Robbins, had paired off with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. COVODE stated that Mr. Miller had
paired off with Mr. Ecie.
Mr. BONHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Miles, was detained from the House by indispo-
sition; and that lie [Mr. Boxiiam] should have
voted u ay" if he had been within the bar when
his name was called.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, stated that Mr.
Wood was detained from the House by indispo- |
sition. i
The bill was then referred to the selcct commit-!
tee on Kansas Affairs. |
j DUTIES ON IMPORTS. j
\ Mr. PURVIANCE asked the unanimous con- j
i sent of the House to introduce the following res- ;
! olution: i
I lies lived, That the Committee of Ways and Means be ;
1 instiucted to mquuc into the expediency ot icportmg a bill i
. changing the d ties on minorts, to as to give increased and [
; adequate protecti n to American manufacturer ; to abolish j
| the waiehoiiMii? system ; e-tabh.-h a home valuation. and
] piovuie additional securities against defalcations of officers
I connected with the collection of the public revenue.
Mr. McCtUEEN objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of the owners of the brig
Attica, of Portland, Maine; and
An act for the relief of James Bawden.
BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimouscon-
| sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
i lution:
j Whereas, the commissioners appointed by the Governor
I of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to investigate into
1 the condition and affairs of the Bank of Pennsylvania, in
I tin; city of Philadelphia,!!* their repoit lecontly made, refer-
| nn« to certain evpimduures, have stated that " to one of
S the'-se accounts $.25,000 is ehaiged, which'was Given as a
1 compensation to one individual, lor seiviees rendered in
' effecting the pale of the banking hou-.e to the Government
• lor a po t office and rumor having connected these tians-
actiou-. with persons holding high otficial position under the
' Geneial Government, it becomes important to ascertain the
I truth thereof: Therelore,
I Be it resolved, That a committee of five he appointed to
! investigate the matter, with power to send for persons arid
i p.ipeis, and to i< poit at any time.
| Mr. LETCHER. If thegentleman will strike
' out that part of the resolution which provides for
; o select committee, and insert Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, I will not object.
We already have nine select committees, and we
shall soon all be on select committees if we go on
at this rate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that will notbedone.
I think the whole matter will be disposed of by
the examination of three witnesses.
Mr. LETCHELl. What objection is there to
sending: it to the Post Office Committee ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Because the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads have already more
business on hand than they can dispose of, and
it is important that we should have immediate ac-
tion on the subject. I trust my friend from Vir-
ginia will not interpose an objection.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, i will withdraw my
objection.
Mr CLEMENS. I believe \vc have five or six
select committees now. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will accede at leastto this proposition ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Here are high officials
[cries of "Order!"] charged with misfeasance,
! and the gentleman objects to an  
I The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
; Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman will
| withdraw his motion and his objection,
j "Mr. CLEMENS. I do not understand that
: any officers 
\ Mr. FLORENCE. I was about to state that
; the objection came too late, as the question was
i about being propounded, all objection having
been withdrawn.
! Mr. CLEMENS. I do not understand that any
i officer of the GSvernment, either now or in the
! past, is included in the subject-matter of thatres-
i olution.
I Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. This charge
j was made in an official report to the Legislature
S of Pennsylvania.
i Mr. CLEMENS. Against whom ?
j Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Against eer-
j tain persons connected with the Government.
| Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw mv objection
then.
I The resolution was then agreed to.
PENSION ACTS.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced ajointresolution
declaratory of the pension acts gmnting pensions
to widows for the revolutionary services of their
husbands; which was read afirstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FLORENCE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the consent of the House is given to the
withdrawal of the petition and papers of Rebecca J. Bad-
salt from the Court of Claim*, to be referred to a Ptandsn^
committee of this body; and aho to the withdrawal of the
petition and papers of the lh'ir.3 of General Harrv Miller,
from the tiles oi this House, to be referred to a commureo
m the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to the
last part of that resolution, but I have to the iKst.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will take the first
part out, and leave the second standing.
The resolution was modified accordingly; and,
as modified, agreed to.
COLONEL CRABS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had the honor, some
time since, to present a resolution to the House,
which was adopted, calling upon the President for
information in regard to the massacre of Colonel
Crabb and his men, upon the limits of the Repub-
lic of Mexico. I have in my hand the response
which has been made by the President to that
call. 1 have not yet had time to read it entirely.
It contains, however, very important information
which requires, to some extent, the action of the
Government. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that it be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
No objection was made,and it was so referred.
PAY OF BOOK-FOLDERS.
Mr. FLORENCE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed to pay, out of the contingent fund, to the eight
book-folders in the foldmg-ioom, the rate of three dollars
each per diem, beginning with the present session: Pro-
vided, That no gieater number be emplovcd, unless under
the direction and by order of the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. RUFPIN objected.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COVODE introduced the following con-
current resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stutcs o f Jlmcricu in Congress assembled, That
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of
Representatives declare their respective Houses adjourned
sine die on tlie ILrst Monday ot June next,at twelve o'clock,
mendidii.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted;-and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INFORMATION CONCERNING KANSAS.
Mr. GROW asked unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to communi-
cate to the House copies of all instructions, by himself or
any head of Department, to the Governor or other execu-
tive officer in the Territory of Kansas, and all coirespond-
ence with the same, together with a copy of the executive
minutes of said Territory not aheady communicated to the
House. Also, a copy of the constitution formed at Le-
compton, together with a copy of the census and icturns ot
the votes in the election of delegates to said convention in
each election precinct in said Tenitorv; and the retui ns «>f
the election held in said Teiritoiy on the 2lst of December
la*t and 4th of January last, witli the numbor of votes then
polled res-peetivHy in each election precinct in said Teni-
tory, and copies of any other official _papws in possession
of the Pecietarv of State relative to Kaunas affairs, not al-
ready communicated to Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS—AGAIN.
Mr. REILLY offered to introduce a bill for the
admission of Kansas into the Union.
Several Members. Read the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. No good can grow out of
the introduction of so many bills on this subject,
and I object.
Mr, GROW. Has notice of that bill been
given ?
Mr. REILLY. It has not been.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
