1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to give way,
but I must bold to my motion. I have got it be- 1
fore the Senate at last. We can take up the Sen- j
ator's bill after disposing of the appropriation bill, i
I hope that will not take long. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ifthe bill which I wanttaken ;
up gives rise to a word of debate, I shall not press !
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia to post-
pone all prior orders and take up the appropria-
tion bill.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for the legislative, ex-1
ecutive, and judicial expenses of Government, for j
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is j
upon the amendment in relation to the reporters, 1
offered by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] upon which a point of order was raised.
Mr. BROWN. Since the question was up be-
fore, with a view of relieving the matter from any
difficulty, I have had the concurrence of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the
amendment. That gets clear of the point of or-
der.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There can be no
question then on the point of order, and the amend-
ment is before the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a suggestion to make
on the point of order. I do not see how this
proposition, in any shape or form, can come from
the Committee on the District of Columbia. It
is a very clear evasion of the rule of the Senate.
They have not been charged with this business
in any shape or form. I do not suppose any
printing case or reporting case has ever been re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. I take it, a committee cannot report an
amendment to an appropriation bill unless they
have been charged with the question by the Sen-
ate; otherwise, this ruie operates exceedingly un-
just to the public business; and all a man has to
do, if he wants an appropriation, is to go around
and hunt up some committee — T suppose the
Committee on the Expenditures of some Depart-
ment would do—and get them to say they are in
favor of it.
I desire the judgment of the Chair and of the
Senate whether or not this is a substantial com-
pliance with the rule '<■ I wish to put it to Sena-
tors: here is an appropriation concerning the in-
crease of the pay of the Printer of the Senate, who !
is reporter and printer. Now, can any member
of the Senate take any amendment he pleases, and
run around to one and another member of a com-
mittee in this body and get them to present it,
though they have never been charged with the !
business, and it is not germane to any business '
they have got? The Committee on the District of
Columbia have been neither generally nor spe-
cially eharged with this subject, it being a ques-
tion of printing and reporting. I say this does
not get over the rule; X submit that it docs not.
If so, the rule ought to be repealed. It is a naked,
total violation of the principle, because the reason
of the rule is that the Senate shall have some as-
surance from a committee, whose business it is to
examine into the matter, that the appropriation
proposed is a just and proper one. This is not
within the general duties of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, nor were they specially
charged with it. If this can be entertained because
a majority of that committee may be in favor of
this appropriation, then whenever you can get a
majority of any committee of this body in favor
of any appropriation, it is a compliancc with the
rule. I want the Senate to determine the question,
because if that is held to be the rule, there will be
no longer any difficulty about anything; but if
any three or four gentlemen of a committee are in
favor of an appropriation, and say <l yes, report
it from our committee," any proposition may be
entertained. I want it a general thing. I have
here an amendment, which I could not get the
Finance Committee to act upon; probably they
are opposed to it. If they will notact upon it, can
J ho and get any other committee to do so' I be-
lieve we "have twenty or thirty committees;^and
if we have a committee on the accounts of the
T*v>asury Department, or any otfeer, who will say,
" we are willing that you should report it from
our committee," can they present it? I want
the rule generally understood, so that all may
know how to act in the Senate. I say this amend-
ment is not in order, because this matter has not
been submitted either by the general rules of the
Senate, or by specific reference to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and is one for the
Committee on Printing to examine into. /
Mr. BROWN. I will ask the Secretary to ppd
the first clause in the amendment in^onnp<Uion
with the bill.
The Secretary read the amendmen^which is
after line one hundred and thirty-seven, to insert:
"To enable John C. Rives to pay to the leporters of tlie
Senate the usual evtra eomppn^ition for the third session
of the Thiity-Fouith Congress," &c.
Mr. BROWN. That will do. These are paid
officers—at least Mr. Rives is a paid officer of the
Government. This is but a proposition to in-
crease lus compensation, to increase his ability
to discharge the duty for which he is employed.
I held in the beginning that any member had the
right upon his own motion, without consulting
any committee, to propose to increase that com-
pensation. It is not bringing a now subject before
the Senate. The subject is here, and the propo-
sition is simply to add to the compensation now
paid. You might as well tell me if we were
asked to vote the salary of any other officer of
the Government, that it was not competent for
me to move to increase the amount. I simply
consulted the committee of which I am a member,
to avoid the point that was raised the other day,
not that 1 thought there was anything in it. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] raised the
question. I got the report of a committee in favor
of the proposition, to avoid that difficulty. Not-
withstanding that, I was satisfied as to my right.
1 did not press the matter further then. I do not
think myself there is much in this matter of re-
porting from a committee; but if there be any-
thing m it you have the report. I hold that I had
the right to move the amendment, anyhow, of my
own motion, without consulting anybody, and the
Senate might vote it in or out as it chose.
Mr. BELL. I suggest to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi that perhaps he would avoid any further
discussion or difficulty by changing his motion,
and moving to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Finance, with instructions to report this
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I think that will delay the bill
unnecessarily. We might as well pass it as it is.
Mr. BELL. The object of this rule was de-
cidedly to prevent surpuse,and to prevent those
abuses which sometimes occurred during the last
days or nights of the session, when propositions
were sprung on the body with no time to inves-
tigate them, and when there might be very few
members attending to what was going on. The
appropriation bills wereoverloaded, and occasion-
ally, among the great number of items put on,
were some which ought not to be presented. This
rule was adopted for the purpose of securing some
consideration, some attention to the object pro-
posed to be provided for before such motions were
allowed to be sprung on the body. Now, we have
not only considered this matter, but we have de-
bated it for half a day, at least; and the minds of
the members are made up on the suggestions
which have been presented on one side or the
other, and we are prepared to vote. The rule re-
quires a report from a standing or select commit-
tee, or an estimate from some Department of the
Government. The estimates are sometimes made
carelessly, and occasionally for objects the head
of the Department does not approve. But here is
a proposition that has been submitted to the body.
There is no surprise in it; all the purposes of the
ruie are answered, and the Senate has a clear
power to do it. They can recommit any bill, with
instructions to repoit any amendment they tlunk
proper, if the majority agree to it. 1 suggest this
alteration of the motion of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi that we may avoid further dis-
cussion about the point; and if it is the will of the
majority to vote m this amendment, the commit-
tee will repoi t,'if they aie instructed to do so, forth-
with. It will require no delay. That committee
can assemble immediately, and report the bill
back. That is done often so as to avoid technical
objections under the regular rules of proceeding
in Parliament or in Congress.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the Chair has not
ruled yet whether the point of order taken by
the Senator from Georgia was well taken or
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has not
decided the point of order.
Mr. BROWN. I want to hear the decision be-
fore I make any further motion.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this matter, I
have to say that I hope the Senate will not recom-
mit the appropriation bill to the Committee on
Finance, with instructions. I have never known
that to be done in the whole course of my expe-
rience here, which is not a short one. I hope they
will not recommit and reopen the bill for the sake
of the reporters here.
Mr. BELL. I ask the honorable Senator if it
is not parliamentary, when the proposition is to
limit it to a specific appropriation, and there is no
delay ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, if the bill be recom-
mitted, it will be to some other committee, and
not to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question im-
mediately before the Senate is the point of order
raised by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BELL. I only suggested a mode of avoid-
ing the question of order, whether this is parlia-
mentary and can be considered.
Mr. BROWN. Perhaps there is no question
in it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I did not happen to be in my
seat when this proposition was first presented to
the Senate. If I understand it, however, there is
an appropriation in the bill to compensate the re-
porters of this body to make up for some neglect
in relation to their former compensation, to put
them on a footing of equality with the reporters
of the other branch. Now, what strikes me with
astonishment, is that this body should have passed
upon an appropriation for reporters in the other
branch of the 6apitol, and omitted their own re-
porters. 1 believe these reporters are the same
who were here when I had the honor of a seat in
this body formerly, and I must say that a more
accurate and intelligent body of reporters I have
never known or heard of. I agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, if he has stated
the proposition correctly. I understand that there
is an appropriation in the bill to compensate these
gentlemen; that it comes from the proper commit-
tee; and here is a proposition to increase that ap-
propriation so as to put them on a proper footing,
if I am correct m this, the Senator from Missis-
sippi is clearly right in his point.
Now, sir, I should like to know whether, when
a committee reports in favor of an appropriation
of any specific sum, any member in his place in
the Senate cannot rise and move to diminish or
increase that sum ? Cannot he diminish the sum
by a motion; can he not increase the sum by a
motion ' It is not necessary  in my opinion, that a
committee should report upon that point. It would
be a strange thing if a committee could bring for-
ward here a recommendation'for a certain sum,
and no member in the body could be allowed to
rise up and propose to dimmish or increase that
sum without having it referred back to the same
committee. If I am correct about the case, I agree
with the honorable Senator from Mississippi that
lie, in his place as a Senator, can by a mere motion
either propose to increase or diminish this partic-
ular appropriation. I understand besides, that he
has proposed an increase of this as the chairman
of a committee; so that surely there can be no
doubt about his right to move the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Mississippi
and the Senator from Minnesota both have argued
a question not before the Senate. J understood
the Senator from Mississippi to say that the ques-
tion of order was relieved by the amendment be-
ing proposed by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. That is the point argued. It seems,
though, that he has argued his original right, in-
dependent of any recommendation of a commit-
tee; and so has the Senator from Minnesota, who
is under a mistake as to the facts. The facts are
these: the House of Representatives made an ap-
propriation to pay John C. Rives $4,000, to en-
able him to pay the House reporters $800 apiece.
This amendment is to enable John C. [lives to-
pay the Senate reporters,not only, I believe, for
this session, but for sevcial years preceding.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will turn his
