1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
MARYLAND HISTORICAL SOCIETY".
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, presented a me-
morial of the Historical Society of Maryland;
which was referred to the Joint Committee on
the Library.
HARBOR OF ANNAPOLIS.
Mr. BOWIE introduced a bill to improve the
harbor at Annapolis, in the State of Matyland;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
DUTIES OF THE UNITED STATES CONSULS.
Mr. BOWIE, a'so introduced a bill further to
define and prescribe the duties of the consuls of
the United States, in foreign ports; winch was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
NATIONAL FOUNDERIES.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
thellnxted StotesofAmerica mCongr ess assembled, That tile ;
Prcsidentofthe United Stateb be requested, and he is hereby i
authorized, to direct examinations) to be made by a hoard of ;
competent officers, selected from the Army and Navy, of J
suitable locations for three national founderies,forthemanu- j
facture of cannon, projectiles, and other munitions of war,
and castings lor the service of the United States; and that
(he report of said board of examiners, when made, be com-
municated to Congress as soon as piacticable.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
CAPTORS OP TENDER OP THE DAUNTLESS.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, offered the fol- ,
lowing resolution; which was read, considered, j
and agreed to: |
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
provisions of the bounty land laws to the gallant captors ot
the tender, with eighteen men, from the Bntish ship of-war
Dauntle«, in the war of 1812, in the waters of Choptank
river; with powei to report by bill or otherwise.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, also offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That permission be granted to Doctor Beinaul ,
M. Bytne to withdraw his petition and accompanying papeis i
as to losses in the Flouda war, liorn the files o! uie House, ;
lor the purpose of tiansmitung the same to a coimmttcc of 1
the Senate. j
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAWS.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Patents,
a bill to amend the several acts now in force in
reference to the Patent Office; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsidcr the vote by which the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Montgomery] was refeircd to the j
select committee; and 1 also move to lay the mo- .
tion to reconsider on the table. 1
The SPEAKER. The motion is not necessary. ;
The bill cannot be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
NATIONAL FOUNDERIES. ;
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I desire to move '
instructions to the Committee on Naval Affairs, |
that they inquire into the expediency of con- i
siructing three national foundencs. I hope gen- \
tlcmen will not object to that, j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman j
from Maryland can offer a resolution like this: \
Resolved, that the Committee on Naval Affairs ]
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of pro- j
posing tlie following |oint resolution." |
Mi-:'DEAN. 1 object. [
MEMOKUf- OF THE LEGISLATURE OF UTAH, j
The SPEAKER lain before the House a me- I
moruil from the members and officers of the Le- 1
gislativp Ass< mblv of the Territory of Utah to
the President and Congress of the United States.
[Calls of " Read! read!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to its being read.
I move that it be laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed; or that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
i, beneath the portals of the court, which had pronounced htm
1 guiltless ; restore unto us our political, religious, and inal-
; louaWo lights, that we may have leason to believe that you
il are oui fherids, and not our enemies; execute justice and
. j; judgment upon the guilty, and spare the innocent; lei truth,
The SPEAKER submitted thequestion, " Shall " ll0ntjsty, mdustiy, love of right and liberty, stand unino-
ifi naner bft read?" and it was decided in the le&te(l and protected by your acts,as they are by the very
genius ot our loved institutions. Do thai, and you will do
the paper be read ?
alfirmative.
The memorial was read, as follows:
Memorial from the members and officers of the Legislative
Assembly oj the Territory of Utah, to the President and
Congress of the United Slates:
Gentlemen: Your memouahsts beg leave to represent
th.it, at suasion of the Legislative Assemblj or this
Tenitorv, icsolutions and a memorial to the President of the
United States woie adopted, and presented to him, which
prutiaily set foith our grievances, and made known to the
Government at Washington our desires and wishes in tegai d
to the appointment ol the Federal officeis for Utah. We have
received no tespouse to these document*, unless it is to he
understood that the appointment of'a fu'l set of officers for
tins Territory, backed by an army to enfoicc them upon us
—asrepoitcd by common minor to have been ordered and
fitted out, and sent to tins Temtoiy by the President—is to
be deemed an answer. Certain it is that such an army is
more towards lescumg our beloved country from its foul
j pollution and us fearful doom, than can be accomplished
by endeavoring to destroy a people who, under the broad
, lolds ot the Constitution, deem it no sin to unite in wor- •
sniping God according to the dictates of their ovvd eon-
us 11 hundred thousand dollars, which
,, the Government honestly owe us for suppressing Indian
, hostilities, and maintaining peaceful relations With the na-
, tive tube-., mstead of expending millions to deprive a portion
of >our citizens ot '* lite, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
j ness." Tiy on the plaster of friendly intercourse and bon-
1 oiable dealing, instead of foul aggression and war. Treat
i, us a-5 ft .ends— a* citizens entitled to and possessing equal
|; lights waft our fellows—and not as " alien enemies," lest
-! you make us such.
■ You ^ii.ivc never cherished nor fostered this as you have
| other Termories, thousch having more claim to vour gene-
, rosity, loibearance, and protection. In 1856, we adopted a
1 republican constitution and form of government, and for-
now invading our Territory, elaimmgto Have been sent by i ] warded those documents, a census lepoit, and a imition to
the authority of the President ol the Iimfpd stntM. r tt • c.  _ ' , ... ,
the authority of the President of the United States,
We now torwaid to you, respectively, to wit: the Presi-
dent and each House of Congress, a pri-ited copy of those
resolutions and memorial; and if it is true that the army
now menacing this Territory is at the instance of the Pies-
ldent, and by the authomy of the Government, we request
to be mfoimed of the fact, and why it is so; for what lea-
sons our resolutions and memorial are treated with silent
contempt, and a hostile course pursued towards an unof-
fending people; why it h that our eastern mails have been
stopped, and tiic communication between this Territory
and the General Government cut off?
If officers had been appointed and sent in accordance
with the voice ot' the people, as ever should be the only
couisc m a lepublican eoveimnent, there would have been
no need of an army Living &ent here. Were the lesolu-
tions and memonai disiespcctfnl or defiant'' Read them
ajrain, and cee. There is not a woid or sentiment in them
that can fairly be construed to thiow obstacles of any kind
m the way ot good men that might bo appointed to rule over
us; they simply expiess a lived detcunination not to ■sub-
mit to the misrule of corrupt demagogues who aie a disgtacc
to the Government, and who. a^ subsequent events have
proved, expended their time in endeavonng to create a dis-
tiubanee between us and the Gencial Government. Cannot
American citizens, upon Ameiican soil, be heaid in their
own defense? Can they not petition the parent Govern-
ment without inclining its hot displeasuie i Aie we to be
sacrificed because lying officials and anonymous letter-
wnteis wish it so? And does the Government icly upon
their fal^e statements to ba-e its action—and such action;
to send an at my eompromi-ing the constitutional lights, the
hbciites, of fieemen? Aie the honid scenes of Missouri
be admitted into the Union as a free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent State, but an unhallowed prejudice was so strong
against us that our Delegate found no member of Congress
willing to present and advocate our position. Why not grant
us admission, and thereby, at the same time, act justly and
peacefully and wisely dispose of a vexed question? You
liavc appointed, the newspapers state, a full set of officials
for Utah from among entire strangeis, and to do so were
obliged to hawk about the offices from State to State, every
honorable and principled man indignantly declining your
appointments, until at length you succeeded in finding the
requisite number from among the reckless, the drunken,
| the unprincipled, the dissolute, the houseless, and penniless,
who alone feel the need of ihe backing afforded by bayonets,
and for this reason had far bfttei remain where society is
more congenial to their depraved and corrupt tastes. No
doubt such is the character of the present appointees, for •
what other cla=s would accept offices among a people wheie
they well knew they were not wanted, and hence had no
light officially to be? AH we have further to say of jthem
i^, they had better tany with their friends, if they really"have
any.
We claim that wc should have the privilege, as we have
the constitutional right, to choose our own rulers and make
our own laws, without let or hmdiaiice. Examine ou- re-
ports, our laws, our act*, they have ever been before the
public—they speak for themselves. All we want is the
truth and fair play. The Administration have been imposed
upon by false and designing men; their acts have been pre-
cipitate and hasty, perhaps through lack of due considera-
tion. Please to let us know what youivant of us before
you picpaie your halteis to hang, or apply the knife to cut
out the loathsome and disgusting ulcer ?" Do you wish us
and Illinois to be icenocted by the General Government? to deny our God and renounce our religion? That we shall
Aie wo to be robbed and plundered, our best men slam, and
the icsidue again driven Horn their homes by a merciless
and mfrii lated soldiery under authoutv usuipcd by the Gen- '!
eral Government? Dojou not know, gentlemen, that when j
Government ceases to perfoim Us legitimate functions to j
the people, and to pioteet them in then inalienable rights, >
among which, as out fatheisdeelaied,are '• life,liheitj,and 1
the pursuit of happiness,'' and seeks to oppiessand destiny ; ;
it becomes an object of diead, of terroi, a foul disgiaec to i
its name, and cannot expect the support, i expect, and es- j
teem which should l}e its pride, ami t.; its duty to inspire? ;
We appeal io you a* Ameiican citizens who have been ■
wronged, insulted, abused, and pei-ecuted; diiven before '
our lelentlcss l'oes from city to city, fiom State to State, '
until wc weie iinally cxpclied from the confines of civil- i
ization, to seek a shelter m a bauen, inhospitable clime, '
amid the wild and ravage tribes of the desert plain. We :
claim to be a poition of the people, and as such have lights ■
which must be Hoveled, and u inch wc have a light io de- ,
mand. Wo claim that in a icpublican toim of government, |
such as our fatliersestabhbhod. and such  s ours still pro- '
{esses to bo, the oJiiccrs aie raid snoula be the seivants of ,
the people, and not their ma-stei-, dictatois, or tyiants. !
To the numeious charges of om enemies we plead not
guilty, and challenge the world, befoic any just tubunal, to j
the p'roof. Aie we mistaken m our view- m icgaid to the ;
pohc> and intention of Government? Wo hope that you <
will piove to u=; that we aie. Wc ask you toieconsiderthe ;
couis-e that has been taken ; to evince", by some act of re- j
mining justice, that you icspect oui constitutional rights, ,
and see whothei it will not lighten the buiden of oppies- i
sio-i winch >ou liave intlieted; and that the people may ij
have 311st cause to rejoice in and applaud—not condemn— !■
voui acts, withdrawyoui troops, and give: us a voice in the }
selection of our officers; thus piovmg to u.- voui willingness i j
to extend peace, lather than war. True, tins Temtory is a ;;
pai tof the public domain of the United States ; but how was i;
it acquired 5 Did not tno people of Utah furnish, at the call of j|
tiie Government, an altogether unprecedented quota of j
troops to aid in the war then lagmg with Mexico; and that, |:
loo, under the mostadveise eueumstances? And did not the ;!
people settle that Tcrntorv while it was snll uridei the do- ;
nnmon of 3Iexico? And did not the Government di^chaige ,1
the Mnimon b.ittahon 111 an enemy's country, aftei a mo-t ',
toilsome maich of over two thousand miles, without fur- :i
msjnng them the means to icturn ? Your psesent acts would
deprive ot Ine and libei ly those veiy men who so gallantly ■,
periled then lives for the common good. We do not chatgc ,,
the nct< or his p'-cdece^ors upo.rthe present incumbent;
but now restore unto u< cu nahts 111 Mi^souu and other 1
States, of winch we weie mo-f inhumanly lohbe.J , i^i t-
state and cuaianty unto u-= the peac-ful pos-eb--ion of
land'', for which you have taken and yet re:am our monrv; 1
b'i:ig to justice the muidereis of,Tost ph and Ilyiam Snnt'n,
who wo.c ma^saeied while in The custody 01 the law, un- ,
der the pledged laith of a sover<;ign State ; pnni-h the as- ;!
sassins of Parley P. Pratt, who flew thpu unrtsj-stin-g victim
not do. We are at the defiance of earth and hell to provo
that wo have done aught to offend the good. You have not
extended to Utah so much as the customary usage of in-
vestigation, which would have placed m your possession
the facts m the case. Do you wish us to permit a huehng
soldieiy to come into our settlements? It so, for what ob-
ject? Is it to pioteet the citizens in then rights? That is
needless, because those lights have never been the least
infiingcd upon m Utah ; and we are far better prepared to
pioteet ouisclves than when we first settled in this Terri-
tory, while our young and healthy men were in the United
States Aimy in Mexico. United States troop*, acting in
their legitimate capacity, are only sent to protect the citizens
or suppress insurrection, and never, in any case, to make
war upon the people. We feel as competent to proteet
ouiselves as we have hitherto, and there is no msuucction
to quell.
That a white heap"5 within our borders contains some-
thing besides meal; there are the deadly fangs to hold tb-e
innocent prisoners still, while assassins kill them. We shall
not again hold still, while fetters are being forged to bind us.
We have no confidence to believe the present a harmless
demonstration, intended for oui good. The tioops, which
claim to have been sent by the Government, have openfy
said, from the time they have left the Missouu river, and
even befoie, that they were coming to destroy the leaders
of our people, and that that was their object. That has been
their constant speech bv day, and the burden of their songs
by night. They have thicatened to take our lives, and to
spoitat pleasure with oui wives and flaughters That i- 
their openly avowed object, but woe to all who undertake
to accomplish it. We uust, therefore, that you will excuse
us if we do not entertain a very exalted idea of your hu-
mane (?) intentions, in sending armies hithei. Give us our
constitutional lights; they are all we ask, and them we
have a nciit to expect. For them we contend, and feel
alone justified in so doing.
We are aware that we have many enemies, and that they
make a strong party against us. From them we expect no
meicy. A laigc poition of them know that, if justice had
its due, they would eitliei be pulling hemp by the neck, or
learning a trade 111 the confines ol a pnson. They roam at
large m vom community, aie boon companions in yourhalls
of business and 01 pleasure, adorn \oui circles of fashion,
and paitieipntc m your festivities ; but there is a chord of
light, of honesty, integrity to tiie institutions of our coun-
try, ot a love of fieedom, and a respect lor the lights of the
weak and comparatively defenseless, that will yet thrtll
with emotion, vibi ate through the honest heart, and respond
to the civ of ustapatjon, tvranny and oppression exercised
upon an innocent people. To that wc appeal, and tuist that
a stem sen«e ot jiistieo \et remaining among the wortiiy
sons of patriotic sues will stay the suicidal hand of ciawlmg
sycophants and corrupt rulers, and that American liberrv
maj nor be immolated upon her own altars, nor strangled
in the halls of hr-r own citadel, by thdse whose sworn duty
it is to be her protectors.
