114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
look for the evidence in the career of the Repub-
lican party in Kansas that they ever desired to
settle the question of slavery. I can find no evi-
dence that they did so desire;but much that they
did not. In the language of a distinguished New
York politician, (John Van Bui-en,) I do not un-
derstand " this free-State party in Kansas, who
are all the while trying to make Kansas a slave
State." The remark is witty and true. The free-
State party in Kansas have never exercised their
power when they could touch the question of sla-
very. In June last, when they hau the opportu-
nity of voting for delegates to make a free State,
and when they daily boasted of being three or
five to one of the population, they would not vote.
Different pretexts were set up in different parts of
the Territory, as I know of my personal knowl-
' edge. Some said, " we will not vote, because the
laws under which this convention is to assemble
are' bogus laws.' " Others said," none shall vote,
because all were not registered."
1 am sorry that I do not see my friend from
Massachusetts in his seat; for as he took the lib-
erty, the other day, of asking me a question re-
lating to my experience in Kansas, he would not
take it unkind if I asked him one touching his
career in that noted country. I heard it said on
more occasions than one that during that honor-
able Senator's tour in the Territory he had ad-
vised the free-State party in Kansas not to vote;
and that he also concurred in the policy of at-
tempting to make Kansas a free State by allowing
the pro-slavery party to eloct all the delegates
to make the constitution. I know not whether
the rumor be correct or not. It is not important
to my purpose. But it is a significant fact that the
Republican, or free-State party, did not vote in
June when the fate of slavery was involved; and
that in October, when nothing was at stake but
offices and a Delegate in Congress, they did vote
—they did rush to the polls and carry the election,
regardless of the humiliation implied in the rec-
ognition of the, " bogus laws." Then, again, in
December following, on the direct question of
whether slavery should or should not exist in the
new State of Kansas, these anti-slavery men did
not vote. The " bogus laws" and the "bogus
convention" forbid that they should condescend
to vote against slavery, and they did not vote.
But less than a month afterwards, when the ques-
tion of slavery was not involved, when office and
honor and emoluments were staked, they readily
i;'< t over their scruples of conscience against the
Lecompton usurpation and 1 allied to the polls and
K''Cured all the offices under, what they term, the
" Lecompton swindle." Comment cannot add to
the strength of this history. It is painfully sig-
nificant. When it was necessary to get oilico, the
" bogus laws" were promptly ircognized; when
slavery was at stake they weio slmmk Iron) as
from the touch of death. Constantly hoasung
their power and determination to make Kansas a
free State, these anti-slavery men carefully re-
frained trom dealing the blow, when the institu-
tion came within their reach. They boasted of
the power, but would not do the deed. The coun-
try is agitated from one extremity to the other
about an alleged design to force slavery into Kan-
sas; and yet, sir, within tile last, lime months, the
parly claiming to have the absolute power, and
the will to do the deed, have had two opportuni-
ties of abolishing and forever interdicting the in-
stitution; but, they would not. How many op-
portunities must they have? How long is the
country to he harassed by the complaints of men
who will not avail themselves of their preroga-
tives as freemen ? They cannot be made to vote
against slavery, and how oan they be counted
against it until they do vote?
But, Mr. President, I do not understand how
honorable Senators 011 the other side can feel so
free to interpose mere formal objections to the
admission of Kansas as a State—how they can
talk about informalities, or irregularities, or usurp-
ations and frauds. They have claimed admis-
sion for Kansas on the fopeka constitution—a
movement commenced without the authority of
any law, territorial or congressional, and in der-
ogation of the authority of the United States. It
was conceived in avowed rebellion,and prosecuted
in mcnace of the Federal authority. Nor was it
sustained by the popular will. 11 had its origin in
a mass meeting of one political party, and had the
sanction, its advocates say, of seventeen hundred
votes at the polls; whilst its enemies say it did not
receive exceeding seven hundred votes in all. In
no particular, then, does it stand so well as the
Lecompton movement, either as to regularity or
authority. Nor will the historian be able to un-
derstand how a majority of five to one have been
so constantly oppressed in that unhappy Terri-
tory—how one man has usurped the rights and
powers of five or six or ten, as we are told. In one
breath it is asserted that the free-State party are as
five to one, or ten to one;and in the next, that they
have been hunted down, driven from their prop-
erty, and deprived of their political rights. Some
logicians have a convenient mode of making out
aproposition; butthis is alittle too sharp. I have
noticed, in the discussion, that Governor Walker
is given, by Senators on the other side, as conclu-
sive authority as to the nineteen disfranchised
counties; as to the great strength of the free-State
party, and the malpractices of the other party;
but when he testified officially as to the rebellious
movements and the mischievous designs of the
Topekaites, his views are promptly discarded and
denounced. This is not fair to him, or to the
country. The Governor has made up an issue
against this party, and it should be met and an-
swered.
But, Mr. President, holding, as I do, that the
application of the people of Kansas for admis-
sion as a State has been made in due form—that
their appearance at the doors of Congress with a
constitution and State government is the legal
and conclusive evidence of their application for
admission, I conclude that an allowable oppor-
tunity is presented to" admit them as a State; and
it is to the alternatives thus presented that I wish
to turn my thoughts for a few minutes.
Mr. I-IARLAN. I rise to a question of order.
It is very evident there is not a quorum of Sena-
tors present, and I object to any Senator proceed-
ing with the discussion of questions involved in
the bill before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 shall be done in a few min-
utes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Slidell
in the chair.) It is the impression of the Chair
that the Senator from Pennsylvania was allowed
to proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. BIGLER. I yielded the floor to the Sen-
ator to explain, not to make objections. I have
the floor. I got unanimous consent, and therefore
] shall proceed.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course, then, I shall have
no further objection.
Mr. BtGLJiR. I must be allowed to flatter my-
self with this interruption. I take it the Senator
does not like my speech.
Mr. IIARLAN. Allow me t# explain. I sup-
posed the remarks of the honorable Senator, judg-
ing from their applicability, would be better de-
livered to the Senate than to vacant seats.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 have 110 idea that I can say
anything that willinfluence gentlemen of the Sen-
ate. They know as much about the subject as
do I.
Well, sir, I have held that the application is
legal and proper, and that I may vote for the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State, it I deem it wise to
do so.
On the great question of admission or rejection,
I have reflected long and senously, and am a firm
believer in the policy of admission. I think it
best for Kansas, and fur the whole family of States.
And 1 believe, 111 addition, sir, that so soon as the
popular mind is turned from the unpleasant strife
in Kansas—from that war of crimination and re-
crimination—of alleged fraud and usurpations on
the one hand, and persistent rebellion and vio-
lence on the other, to contemplate and count the
consequences of admission against those of rejec-
tion, the measure will encounter much less oppo-
sition from the people. What great wrong can
flow from admission ? What interest or right of
the people is to be damaged? Our ears are daily
assaulted with giaphic descriptions of the great
wrong of forcing a government upon the people
of Kansas. Yet no one proposes to do this. We
make no government for them. They make it for
themselves. If they do not like it, after they get
into the Union they can abolish it and adopt Other
forms. No power on the face of the earth, out-
side of the Territory, will dare to dispute their
right to do this. That .there is nothing in the con-
stitution to interfere with this right for a single
day, has been made so clear by the President,
and by Senators, that I shall not discuss it again.
It is a little singular, however, that this allegation
of the want of power in the people by virtue of
their " inalienable and indefeasible right " to
alter, amend, or supersede their form of govern-
ment at pleasure, should come from the advocates,
par excellence, of popular sovereignty. Not only
in this particular; but as to the right of the people
to make a State constitution through the agency
of delegates, have these expounders of popular
sovereignty sought to impose serious restrictions
upon the rights of the people. They would per-
suade the people that they are on the side of pop-
ular rights, whilst in fact their doctrines are the
reverse.
But, sir, who can foretell the consequences of
the rejection of the State ? How will the act bo
interpreted by the people of the southern States?
Will they believe that it was the consequence of
the informalities or the want of popular sanction
of the constitution, or will they believe that it was
the consequence of nominal slavery in the State,
and that they are bound to treat it as practical and
positive evidence that no more slave States are to
be admitted into the Union; that the faith of the
compromises of 1850 is not to be carried out? It
does not become me to say what they should be-
lieve, or what they should do if they believe the
worst. I should, for one, hope for the best, and
struggle to the end to maintain those fraternal re-
lations between the States under which we have
so long grown and prospered as a nation. The
State I represent will contend for the just rights
of all the States, North or South. She will stand
by the Union with the Constitution, and resist the
waves of sectionalism, come whence they may.
But, sir, it is no difficult task to discover that the
rejection of Kansas would tend to the perpetuity
and aggravation of this fruitless strife about sla-
very—this bitter feud, which is so rapidly es-
tranging the feelings of one section of our country
from the other, rapidly exhausting those sources
of fraternal affection without which your Federal
ties would be a rope of sand. I believe in the
cultivation of good feeling and affection amongst
the people as the greatest agency in maintaining
the family of States. That can only be done by
dealing justly to all, especially toward the weak.
The Constitution must be our bond and our guide.
Letthetwo States of Kansas and Minnesota come
in, one slave and one free, as an exemplification
of the comp^pmises of 1850, and the beauties of the
Democratic faith. This willbe wiser than the per-
petuity of the war of criminationand recrimination,
of assault on the one hand, repulse on the other.
But if Kansas be rejected, what wilfbc the truth
of history on the subject? Will it be that the State
was rejected because the mode of getting it up
was not satisfactory, or because the constitution
recogifized slavery ? I am confident some north-
ern members of Congress are going against the
admission of the State, who would not do so were
the proceedings in Kansas satisfactory to them-,
but 1 am still more confident that but for the sla-
very article the opposition to the admission would
scarce have amounted to respectability. On the
stand as a witness I could give no other testimony.
There may be those who would differ with me in
this opinion; but, sir, it is too clear that whilst it
is conceded on all bands that Kansas is to be a
free Slate, the shadow of slavery that appears in
the constitution is the real cause of hostility to the
admission 011 the Republican side.
Then, again, sir, what would follow in Kansas
were she rejected 00 her present application ? Let
her be turned over to the tender mercies of Gen-
eral Lane and his followers, and what will they
do? Who will guaranty that they will make a
constitution that could be accepted by Congress ?
What reason have we to believe that we should
not have a repetition of the scenes of violence and
excess that have so for marked the progress of
that distracted people? Who believes that Lane
and his party would exi'ieise power with moder-
ation ? The conduct of the recent Republican Le-
gislature is suggestive on this point. I should be
disappointed—agreeably disappointed, sir—if the
