1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
be equivalent to specie at par. This bill provides
that he may raise $6,000,000 in the old method,
because about that sum will probably be wanted
between now and the 1st of January; but, in re-
gard to the residue, he is to advertise, upon notice
of not less than thirty days, for bidders, who
will agree to exchange specie at par for these
notes at the lowest rate of interest—thus taking
the most certain method within his power to as-
certain precisely what will be the specie par of
the note, and thus accomplish exactly the pur-
pose which he has in view—that is, not to make
the interest so high that the notes will be hoarded
as an investment, and not to make k so low that
they will be below their par value as specie, and
thus come into the Treasury in payment of the
revenue.
These are the only points of essential differ-
ence between this bill and the bill of 1847. The
bill of 1837, as well as I can recollect, did not
contain a funding provision. I think the bill of
1847 was peculiar m that regard. However, I
will not be positive as to that matter.
In regard to the necessity for this measure, we
know that the Secretary of the Treasury in his
annual report informed us that he should require
|20,000,000; and although fie estimated that in
addition to the balance in the Treasury, he might
receive money enough from the existing sources
of revenue to meet the demands on him, yet he did
not believe we should receive that money m time to
meet those demands. Experience is showing us
daily that we shall not do so. It seems to be sup-
posed thatif there should be a revival of trade, the
full tide and flow will not come in until the last of
April orthe first of May. Although hisestimates
may be right in the whole, when we reach the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year, yet experience
shows that we shall be probably in want of this
money to relieve theTreasury before that time. In
other words, it is enabling him to use those means
which the British Treasury have found so useful,
by issuing notes called exchequer notes, which en-
able them to anticipate their revenue. If, on the
other hand, it should turn out that he is mistaken,
and will not receive as much revenue as he sup-
poses, still greater will be the necessity for an
issue of something like this amount; that is, for
using the credit of the Government for a limited
amount, for the purpose of supplying its tempo-
rary wants. If, however, it should turn out that
the want is not temporary but permanent, then
will be the time, if ever, to discuss whether there
should be other means used in order to replenish
the Treasury.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, that, owing
to the derangement of commercial affairs and the j
collection of the revenues consequent upon it, j
there is a necessity for an issue of Treasury |
notes to relieve the Treasury, I think is clear
enough; that it is commercially desirable that
such an issue of Treasury notes should be made
in this conjuncture, I believe is also true; but, on
looking over this bill, during what little time I
have had to bestow on it this morning, it strikes
me that it ought to be guarded in two or three
particulars, to which I wish to call the attention
of the Committee on Finance.
In the first place, it is not proposed, and it is
not necessary to create a permanent debt. If it
were, this mode of issuing Treasury notes is not
the way to create such a debt. The way to do
that is to raise a loan. I assume, therefore, that
it is the expectation of the Treasury, and the in-
tention of the committee, and will be the pur-
pose of Congress, merely to make a temporary
issue of these notes for this immediate occasion
only. Now, this bill has no limitation as to time,
if I read it correctly. It will stand forever when
it is passed, or until the whole amount of twenty
millions shall have been issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury, though the period of ten years
should have elapsed. In other words, if the Treas-
ury should be filled up in April, or May, or June,
with the proceeds of the revenues, still this act
will stand in force on the statute-book. Ttseems
to me, therefore, that it ought to have a limitation
of time. The question then is, what time ? For
myself, as well as I can understand the present
signs of the times, I expect that the revenues to
be collected during the present year will meet all
the demands of the year; and,therefore, I should
think it expedient to limit the bill to that period;
but this may be a mistake. No one can make
any sure calculation on that subject. But it is
very certain that there will be a Congress here
next year as there is now, and it would seem to
me, therefore, that there is no necessity for antici-
pating the continuance of the present difficulty
beyond the beginning of the next session of Con-
gress. I would suggest, therefore, that this bill
be limited, so far as relates to the issue of the
Treasury notes, until the beginning of the next
session of Congress, when Congress will be here,
and can decide on it, and continue it in force if it
shall be necessary.
In the second place, in regard to the amount:
we want $6,000,000 now, but we are unable to
say that we shall want $20,000,000 in all. We
shall be here for a period of four or five months,
and can test the extent of this want. I should
think it would be quite sufficient to authorize an
issue of $10,000,000 instead of $20,000,000. I
suppose all will agree that the smallest issue ought
to be made which can be made, because it is to
inaugurate a feature in the fiscal system of the
country which must not be permanent, and ought
to be indulged in as sparingly as possible.
I am not so tenacious about the amount as I
am about another matter, and that is, that this
bill contemplates allowing too high a rate of in-
terest. It contemplates that the Treasury notes,
in order to raise the money, may require to bear
an interest of six per cent. I do not think the
credit of the United States will, at any time within
the next year, be any less strong than it is now.
The United States six per cent, stocks payable
in 1867 sell at $112 in the market to-day.^ The
interest is six per cent, for one year, and it sells
for $112. If I understand it, you may take off
the six per cent, interest, and then sell the note
at par. The stock is redeemable in 1867, but
that makes no difference, because the notes would
enter more readily into exchange than stock re-
deemable in ten years. It is very certain that if
the rate of interest shall be such as to render it at
all desirable for investment, this money will im-
mediately go into investments, instead of going
into commercial circulation, and the great object
which the commercial world has in the issue of
the notes at all now is that they may be used for j
the purpose of exchange, while the exchanges
of the country are deranged, owing to the fact
that the resumption of specie payments is not
yet universally and firmly established.
I suggest, therefore, that it would be safe to
limit this rate of interest to four per cent. I have
no doubt that that rate would command all the
I money of which the Government has need. Al-
! though it is true that the bill contemplates ill both
I cases that the rate shall be fixed at less in the ;
first instance by the decision of the President of
the United States or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on examination of the market, and as regards
the subsequent issues by sale in market overt, yet
the offering of a loan of six per cent, when a four
percent, loan would answer thesamepurpose, will
have a tendency to increase the prices which will
be determined on in either case. I am not aware
that I am right in these suggestions, but I throw
them outfor the consideration of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall say but a few words
as to the objections of the Senator from New
York. First, he objects because there is not some
limitation of time as to when the notes shall be
called in.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; what I spoke of was
the time in which they may be issued. The bill
has no limitation in that respect.
Mr. HUiNTER. If all he wishes to attain is
to limit the time within which they shall be issued,
and he will give until the next meeting of Con-
gress, I will agree to it. 1 will only say that no
such limitation has over been imposed in a Treas-
ury note bill before; because if they were not is-
sued Congress could at any time stop the issue,
and if they were issued it has the privilege, within
one year, of redeeming them. But still I have no
objection to limiting the time within which they
shall be issued, if that is what the Senator de-
sires.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Nextin regard to the amount:
the Senator thinks the amount is too large, and
that §10,000,000 will be enough. I will suggest
to him—experience has shown-—that in the opera-
tions of our Treasury we require a surplus of at
least $6,000,000. We require also,asa Mint fund,'
$6,000,000; making altogether2,000,000. The
difference between $12,000,000 and $20,000,000,
is only $8,000,000, which sum is to be used in
the payment of our debts. We have already ex-
hausted the surplus usually kept to work the
Treasury Department, and are now operating on
the Mint fund, very much to the detriment of the
coinage operations and some of the great inter-
ests of the country. It inconveniences the Mint
very much.
We have, in addition to this, the experience of
the Secretary of the Treasury—who I am sure
would not desire to issue a dollar more than was
necessary, and who will not use his power be-
yond what is needful, to the extent of a dollar—
to justify us in the belief that it will be safe to
issue this amount. We know that the surplus
has been rapidly diminishing. Ever since the
suspension of specie payments by the banks, the
expenditures have exceeded the receipts so largely
as to diminish the surplus to a sum 1 believe now
not much exceeding $5,000,000. We have large
payments to meet by the 1st of January. _ It
will require, we are inclined to think, something
like $6,000,000 to meet the payments which will
fall due between now and the 1st of January.
We have, then, to replace the fund required for
the operation of the Mint, and also the surplus
that is necessary to enable us to work the Treas-
ury Department safely and easily. It is not a
creditable state of things for the Treasury to be
forced to have the requisitions delayed; to delay
the time of payment to those employed by it, on
account of its being cramped by the want of
means. By the use of our credit, to a limited
extent, which will enable us to anticipate receipts
that, are to come into the Treasury, we may be
enabled to avoid all these inconveniences.
Next as to the rate of interest. This bill cor-
responds in that respect with all the bills which
have been passed since 1837. I have no idea that
the Secretary of the Treasury will find it neces-
sary to issue any note at the rate of six per cent.
I think, according to the best information which
he has received, he will try the market with the
notes at three per cent. But, sir, in regard to the
first $6,000,000, we have, as I said before, to
depend on the sagacity of the Secretary of the
Treasury to ascertain what interest will make the
notes equal with specie. With regard to the res-
idue, we have a more certain and *ure means:
we try the market, and we give each note to the
man who will give specie for it at the lowest rate
of interest. We thus give the note precisely that
character which the Senator from New York
desires—we place it in a condition in which it will
probably be equal to specie. We place it in a
position in winch, at the same time that we obtain
the money for the Government at the lowest rate
of interest, we offer incidentally to the merchant
and to the banks a great advantage ill Treasury
paper of this sort, which is equivalent to specie.
Especially is it an advantage at this time, when
the banks are engaged in the laudable effort to
resume specie payments; because, if any fluctu-
ation of commercial affairs should take place, so
as to make the exchanges play on the specie fund
of the country, they will be enabled to resort, to
a certain extent, to this paper, and, so far as the
Treasury is concerned, to pay the dues, and thus
have an easier and a speedier use of the specie
resources of the country. _
This mode, which ascertains as precisely and.
accurately as is within our power the precise rate
of interest which will keep the note at a par with
specie, commends itself to our consideration for
two reasons: first, that it is the cheapest mode by
which the Government can raise the money; that
is, it raises it. at the lowest rate of interest; aria
in the next place, while we thus benefit the Uov-
ernment. we afford incidentally the best aid we
can afford to commerce, and to those banks wluch
are attempting to resume specie payments: be-
cause, if you adopt such a rate of interest as w ill
keep these notes at par with specie, they will cir-
culate along with specie, having the same value
They will neither be hoarded for investment, nor
paid, in preference to specie, into the 1 reasury ot
the United States, except in certain cases where
it may be found to afford great relief. As I said
before, if the exchanges shall play on the specie
fund of this country, and cause its exportation,
it will be then that these notes will be used ni
