68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
payment of the revenue. I learn that there have
been atleast three instances in which six per cent.
Treasury notes have been paid into the Treasury
in payment of Government revenue, showing the
assistance and advantage which a measure like
this afforded to commerce in times of trouble. I
nay, therefore,that, when the banks are engaged
in alaudable effort to resume specie payment,this
form of Treasury note is that which will be more
likely to aid them, at the same time that it is best
for the United States, looking only to the interest
of the Treasury itself.
In regard to "the rate of interest, I have thought
it better to follow the old precedents. It is ex-
actly the mode prescribed in all the Treasury note
bills since 1837. I find, in reference to the prac-
tical operation of the law, that, since that period,
double as many notes have been issued at six per
cent, as at any other rate, and that they have been
at par at all rates of interest from six per cent,
down to a mill, at various times. It seems to me,
then, that it is better,in this instance, to stand by
the precedents—not that I believe it will be ne-
cessary to put on them a larger rate of interest
than three per cent., nor that any larger rate will
be puton the first $6,000,000; and in regard to the
rest, the bill itself affords the best ;neans of ascer-
taining the precise rate of interest which should
be put on them, that is by advertising and putting
them out to the lowest bidder.
Mr. SEWARD. I am very happy indeed to
find that there is no substantial disagreement be-
tween the honorable Senator from Virginia and
myself in regard to the questions which have been
discussed between us, and that our views of the
opeiation of the bill are precisely alike. Now, in
regard to the question of time to which this issue
of Treasury notes shall be limited, the honorable
Senator certainly agrees that it ought to be limited
to the exigency of the case. There is no reason
for anticipating a necessity for the continued issue
of these notes beyond the meeting of the next
session of Congress. Some time must be limited,
for it will not do, 1 think, to place on the statute-
book an authority which the Secretary of the
Treasury may use hereafter to issue Treasury
notes at his pleasure, without the knowledge and
consent of Congress. I will, therefore, adhere to
the suggestion I made to limit the time for issuing
notes until the next meeting of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. Say the 1st of January,
1859.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. We do not sub-
stantially differ in principle in regard to the
amount, though the Senator thinks my sugges-
tion of limiting the amount to S10,000,0()0 will be
inexpedient. We shallcertainly know during the;
present session of Congress whether we are to
require an issue of $20,000,000, and I incline to
think it is enough to limit the issue to the amount
of $10,000,000, which will probably cover all the
wants of the Treasury during the present session
of Congress, about which, however, I am willing
to be further advised.
In regard to the rate of interest, I think these
Tieasury notes might be sold at par in the mar-
. ):et, if they bear an interestof four per cunt. The
honorable Senator thinks (and his information is
more likely to be accurate than mine) that they
will sell at par with an interest of only three per
cent. 1 still think, with deference to him, that
placing them at an interest so much above what
is probable will be the rate at which they can be
sold, will have a tendency to increase the rate of
interest which will be exacted by the purchaser.
I therefore incline to think that it will be as well
to limit the rate of interest to four per cent., and
to give notice to the financiers of the country, and
to the public at large, that the United States will
not pay more than four per cent, per annum for
money which is to be repayable in notes of fifty
dollars each, and within one year from the date
of issue.
To all these amendments the honorable Sen-
ator interposes a general objection that this is a
departure from the bills which have been pre-
viously passed on similar occasions; but then the
honorable Senator will agree at once that there
has never been a time when the Government of
the United States has resorted to these measures
under circumstances so peculiar as this. It has
resorted to the measure heretofore as a measure
of revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to give him the fact? I adverted to the history
of the issue of Treasury notes. 1 have here a
list of all the Treasury note issues made since
1837, and the rate of interest. I find that since
that time the amount of Treasury notes at six
per cent, is upwards of fifty million dollars. Of
the issue of live per cent. Treasury notes, the
amount has bc'cn $5,000,000. Next to that are
the notes issued at an interest of one mill. I find,
therefore, that, in point of fact, experience has
shown that much the larger quantity of notes
issued have borne the rate of six per cent. For
that reason it seems to me safe to keep within
the limit heretofore prescribed, although I do not
believe that there will be a note issued now for
more than three per cent.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think, on reflection,
that there will be a note issued at three per cent.
It is my impiession that the notes will go off at
the rate of one or two per cent, interest, and I
should not be surprised if they were to go at half
of one per ccnt.
But why shall we conform our practice now to
precedents set on former occasions r Those were
times when the whole commercial business of the
country, as well as the revenues of the Govern-
ment were disordered and deranged, and these
measures were resorted to, not to anticipate col-
lections expected to bring money immediately
into the Treasury, but for the purposes of reve-
nue; they were in fact, if not m foim, permanent
loans. 13ut this is a convulsion in the commer-
cial business of the country that is without pre-
cedent. Here we have had the banks within
the United States suspend specie payment, ac-
cording to the general conviction of this country
and of Europe, without any necessity whatever,
except the occurrence of a panic, unreasonable
and blind. We have had, during the time of the
entire period of the suspension of specie pay-
ments, not a day when specie was worth more
than one half of one per ccnt. above the depre-
ciated and dishonored notes of the suspended
banks themselves, and we have had that sus-
pension of specie payment limited and wound up
and payments resumed again within sixty days
from the time of the suspension. This is but
a temporary interruption in the business of the
Government. It is but a temporary shock to the
credit of the country. Let us frame our bill, then,
according to the actual exigencies of the ease. I
do not know that it will be very material on this
occasion, but what we do to-day will be referred
to as a precedent on future occasions, just as we
are to-day consulting the foims in which the
same rchuf was given on former occasions.
Since, then, we agree in the first place, that
there isno necessity foranticipatingacontinuance
of thissyslem beyond the next session of Con-
gress, I will adhere to my motion to limit the time
for the issue of Treasury notes to the 1st day of
January, 1859 ; and in the second place to the
proposition to reduce the amount to $10,000,000;
and in the third place to reduce the highest rate
of interest payable, to four per cent. I am of
opinion that the honorable Senator will find that
with these amendments his bill will more readily
pass, and that it will answer all the exigencies of
the Treasury, and satisfy the public mind. I make
the motion, in the first place, on the proposition
as to time. My amendment is to add to the first
section:
Provided. That no such Treasury notes shall be issued
after the 1st day of Januaiy, I8o9.
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to contain a further
provision, "that nothing herein contained shall
prevent the reissue of those notes already issued."
Mr. SEWARD. I accept that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
New York will not accept that amendment, be-
cause it will defeat the very object which I under-
stand him to have in view. If there is power
remaining to issue the Treasury notes as fast as
may be found convenient by the Government,
they may keep the $20,000,000 out for an indef-
inite period of time. I take it for granted that the
object of the Senator from New York in moving
the amendment,about which we conversed early
this morning, was to prevent both the issue and
the reissue after a given length of time. If in fact
this measure is to meet a temporary want of the
Government, and if it is tiue that the necessity is
to cease by the ordinary course of revenue, m a
certain period, there can surely be no necessity
for retaining in the bill a power to reissue these
notes for an indefinite time. _
The Senator fiom Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, will observe that in
the bill which was passed in 1847, and which
was strictly a loan bill to meet the then exigen-
cies of the Government, the power of the Pres-
ident to issue' the notes was limited to six months
after the close of the Mexican war. That met
my attention after this bill was read; and I saw
at once, as I thought, that unless it was designed to
make this a permanent system, and to give power
to the Government to have a permanent loan of
$20,000,000, and keep it out just as long as might
suit its convenience and to meet all contingencies,
it would be necessary to fix some limitation.
The only question in my mind was, what ought
that limitation to be? That depends upon the
necessity of the case, on the principle assumed.
The Secretary of the Treasury callsfor the power
to issue these notes on the ground that this is a
temporary expedient, and he says the revenues
of the Government will be sufficient to meet all
the wants of the Government in a very short
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish a permanent
authority given; I am willing to limit it. I will
agree that it shall be limited to the 1st of January,
provided the reissue of the notes is not to be pre-
vented within that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that, I prepared an amendment to meet this
object, and wished to add it to the tenth section
of the bill. That section now reads:
That in piaee of such Treasury notes as may have been
paid and redeemed, other Trea?.urv jiotes to the same
amount may !>.; i-?ued: Provided, That the aggregate sum
outstanding, ntidor the authority of this act. shall at no
time exceed §20,000,000.
My amendment is to add the words:
And provided further, That the power ro i*<ue Treasury
notes, contVired on the President ot the United States by
this aer, >1ki)1 cea=>e and determine on the 1st Jay of Jan-
uary, 1859.
The first section provides for the redemption
within the year,and this section, the tenth,gives
express power to reissue; and, consequently, as
the amendment only provides against the power
to issue them after a given period, the power to
reissue existsduringthatperiod, and there will be
no need of the modification which the Senator from
Virginia suggests.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that would be the
best place to put it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I withdraw my
amendment, and accept the substitute offered by
the Senator from Maine
Mr. SIMMONS. Before the question is taken
on the amendment, I should like, as I intimated
yesterday, to state some of the objections I have
to this form of relieving the Treasury. I said
yesterday, that I fult great reluctance in address-
ing the Senate on a subject of this importance
without preparation, it necessarily involves a
review of the suggestions and recommendations
of the President's message, and of the Treasury
report—two documents prepared with great care,
written in an admirable spnit, and for which I
hold both parties in profound respect. But I
think they contain provisions and lecommend-
ations unsound in their nature, and ill adapted to
the business of this country; recommendations
that I believe will lead to further complications
and embarrassments instead of relief; and there-
fore I propose, and am obliged to examine these
recommendations, in order to present to the Sen-
ate any tolerable view of my own opinions upon
them.
I know of no questions that can be presented to
the consideration of a body like this more delicate
in their nature and more extensive in their con-
sequences than the relations of men as debtor and
creditor. These lel.itions extend throughout civ-
i lhzed society, and they are various in their char-
, acter, and require extreme caution in their exam-
| ination. The President of the United States has
| suggested with great propriety, and brought our
! attention to the consideration of, the state of the
| times; he laments, as we all do, the embarrass-
< ments of business, the prostration of labor in the
I departments of mechanics and manufactures, and
■ their utter destitution and want; and he says, for
the first time that I have ever heard so great a
I catastrophe attributed to such a cause, that it is
I solely occasioned by our vicious system of paper
