116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecom/pton Constitution—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
a State unworthy of association with you in this
Union because it tolerates slavery, raises an issue
which, if practically enforced, necessarily works
a dissolution of the Union, because it changes
the ground upon which the Union was formed,
and my purpose now is, briefly but emphatically,
to say in benalf of the State I have the honor to
represent, that such a conclusion cannot, will not,
be submitted to.
I beg gentlemen to recollect that North Caro-
lina never has manifested the least disposition to
take an extreme position, which had any tend-
ency to widen the breach between the sections
of this Union. In this feeling, as is well known,
I fully concur. I do not sympathize with those
who desire a dissolution of this Union. I would
resort to every honorable means to avoid such a
direful calamity; but it is due to candor and frank-
ness to state that the most conciliatory in the
South, in my opinion, could not, without a sur-
render of every honorable instinct, submit, in the
practical administration of this Government, to
the doctrine that the slaveholding States, or the
slaveholders of the States, are inferior and un-
equal toothers, because of their recognition of the
institution of slavery. And this alternative is
distinctly presented to them when they are told
that we are unfit for political association in this
Union.
•It is evident the extremes are widening. The
most prudent and moderate are compelled to look
at the question calmly, and examine the tendency
of things, if we wish to avoid the catastrophe
which we so seriously deprecate. I would, there-
fore, invoke the moderate and patriotic of all sec-
tions never to make such an issue, which it is
idle and criminal to suppose can lead to any other
result than a dissolution of the Union.
I speak not in the spirit of idle alarm. To those
who know my public course, when I thus speak,
I feel sure my convictions and conclusions will
be fully appreciated; but I will assure those who
do not know that course, speaking, as fur as I am
authorized, as one of the representatives of North
Carolina, that she will never—never ! submit lo
euch a degradation, that would humiliate her in
her own estimation, and disgrace her in the eyes
of the world.
I do not propose to argue the question, I re-
peat, argument is exhausted. I thought it due to
my State, in the absence of ray colleague, thus
briefly to define my position, and, as I believe, the
position of my State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sltdet.i.
in the chair.) I will state to the Senator from
Maine, that what is equivalent to a call of the
House is m process of being enforced by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms; and 1 do not consider that, a mo-
tion to adjourn is now in older.
Mr. HAMLIN. The piactice has been the
other way always.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I understand
that the Scrgeant-at-Arms has now sent for van-
ousabsent members of the Senate, and is expect-
ing their presence here. Although quite inex-
perienced in these matters, my opinion is that
under such circumstances a motion to adjourn is
not in order. Having that conviction, I shall not
entertain the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
entertained, as a matter of course.
Mr. PUGH. A motion to adjourn was the
last motion made, and therefore this motion is
not in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have had a speech since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator .
from Maine [Mr. Fessentde>.t] has moved that j
the Senate adjourn. The Chair has given as a |
reason for not entertaining that motion, that the j
Sergeant-at-Arnis, in the absence of a quorum of ■
the Senate, has been directed under a rule of the !
body to notify absent members to attend. While i
he is in the performance of that duty, while Sen- j
ators are being summoned here for the purpose j
of making a quorum, the Chair, submitting his
views with great deference, because he does not i
pretend to be at all conversant with the rules, de- j
cides that the motion is not in order. From that I
decision of the Chair the Senator from Maine
appeals. The question is now on the appeal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the appeal.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table. It is altogether wrong. I suppose the
object is merely by dilatory motions to take up
the valuable time of the Senate. This is a dila-
tory motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is amotion to
adjourn. It is not a dilatory motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said the appeal was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; but I want to over-
rule the decision of the. Chair in order to adjourn,
so as to advance the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on laying the appeal on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Pitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wrigtit
—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Olark, Dooliule,
Fessenden, Foster, Ilainlm, Harlan, and Wilson—9.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal of
the Senator from Maine is laid on the table.
Messrs. HAMLINand FESSENDEN. There
is not a quorum voting.
Mr. PUGH. This is ari appeal taken when no
quorum was voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But how can you lay it
on the table without a quorum ?
Mr. TOOMBS. A motion to adjourn, and all
motions growing out of that are always in order,
and do not require a quorum to decide them.
Mr. HAMLIN. You have iust decided a mo-
tion to adjourn to be out of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say a motion to adjourn by
the minority of the Senate, less than a quorum,
is not in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not appear until
you take the vote that there is not a quorum.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have already decided that.
Inasmuch as there has been no intervening busi-
ness since the last motion to adjourn, the Chair
decided rightfully, and the Senate affirmed the
decision by a very magnificent majority. It is
the law of Parliament from this out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Since the original pro-
ceedings were taken, members may have come
in, and there may be a quorum; and it cannot ap-
pear that there is not a quorum until a vote is
talcen. The vote having been taken by yeas and
nays, it appears that there is not a quorum here.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaircon-
siders that the appeal is merely collateral to the
question of adjournment, which the Chair decided
could not be entertained in the absence of a quo-
rum. It is a mere consequence of that question.
I state again, as 1 stated before, that I pretend to
no familiarity with the rules, but it appears to me
to be the dictate of common sense; and I con-
sider the point of order as well taken. I should,
however, be much better pleased if the Vice Pres-
ident would take the chair, and relieve the pres-
ent occupant.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think there is any
necessity for that. The law of Parliament was
well laid down by the Chair, and his decision has
been sustained by the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Chair assume
that there is no quorum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that, in the absence of a quorum of the Sen-
ate, the Sergeant-at-Arms having been directed to
summon the absent members and request their
attendance, no motion for adjournment can be
entertained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then no business can be
done, of course. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair con- j
siders the appeal dependent on the question of ad- j
adjournment; and the same number of members |
who could decide the one question can decide the
other.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senate will
take a recess until half past ten o'clock
Mr. PUGH. That is not in order.
Mr. BRODERICK. What ia in order ?
Mr. PUGH. Nothing.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nothing, until we bring in the
absent members.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Chair if a
motion to suspend further proceedings under the
call of the Senate would be in order ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That is rot in order, I under-
take to say, because all we can do now is to wait
for those members who are absent, and let those
who are here speak if they choose. That is all
that is ir) order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose we do not want
to speak
Mr. TOOMBS. We can sit and quietly take
a doze.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is the best
thing we can do.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the opinion of the
Chair on the question I have asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that, pending the execution of the or-
der of the Senate to request the attendance of ab-
sent Senators, no motion is in order. Gentlemen
have been allowed to address the Senate by com-
mon consent. If any one member of the Senate
had objected, of course that objection would have
been valid; but they have thrown themselves upon
the courtesy of the Senate, and they have been
allowed to speak. If any other gentleman is dis-
posed to speak now, the Chair will, with the
unanimous consent of the Senate, permit him to
do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With reference to that,
I should like to ask the Chair, by way of con-
versation , as there is nothing going on, what will
be done in a given case ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
decide the given case when it arises?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The rule provides that
if, when the Senate convene, less than a quorum
be present, they may send for absent members.
If those absent members are at their several
homes at a convenient distance, according to the
decision of the Chair, those who have sent for
them must wait until they can be brought here,
and we cannot adjourn in the mean time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We must sit here day
and night until they are gathered from the differ-
ent parts of the Union. Is that the opinion of
the Chair ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A most admirable de-
cision ! It commends itself to the good sense of
everybody, I think! I commend the President's
courage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And now the
Chair would be very happy to be relieved from
his arduous duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Chair per-
forms his duties so well that there is no necessity
for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If any gentle-
man will take the Chair, and it be the pleasure of
the Senate, I may as well say now a few words
I have to say on the main question.
Mr. GWIN took the chair.
Mr. SLIDELL. The protracted debate on this
exciting question is now drawing to a close, and
I hope that we shall very soon come to the final
vote. The discussion has been so generally par-
ticipated in by Senators; every point, material or
immaterial, has been so thoroughly investigated,
that were I disposed to offer an elaborate argu-
ment I could not hope to say anything that has
not been anticipated by those with whom I con-
cur, if not in all their premises, at least in the
conclusions at which they arrive. But I owe it
to myself, if not to the State which sent me here,
to give, as 5 shall do very briefly, the reasons
that will control my vote. I shall enter into no
details, if for no other motive, because I have
not the presumption to suppose that at this late
hour I could command the attention of a wearied
Senate.
I voted reluctantly for the bill that passed this
body in July, 1856, by the vote of every Demo-
cratic Senator, not that I did not heartily approve
the principle on which it was based, but because
I was opposed to admitting any new State until
