2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
haps a few thousand dollars; but it turiis out to be
$21,000—seventy or eighty per cent, on the entire
amount of the original contract.
I am tired of " enabling" him. Senators, do
you not think it is time to get tired of enabling
him to pay the reporters? Still we are told it takes
$4,000. Is §4 000 necessary to enable him to do
justice to these reporters, or does he persistently
refuse to give them a fair compensation, no mat-
ter what you allow him ? If so, the Senate ought
to take $4 50 a column out of what they pay him,
and pay the reporters out of what we now allow
him. It is his duty, and his contract, to pay them;
and I show, as a reason why these- additional
compensations ought to stop, that we have been
adding to his pay, and gave him $21,000 under
the sixteenth section of one appropriation bill,
at the last Congress. No matter how much you
give him, you have to listen to these complaints.
I believe that he does not make them now; nobody
does, that I know of, but the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. Rives does not even pretend that he
lias not got enough; he does not pretend that he
js not able to pay his own workmen. He does
not come here to you with any story of beggary.
He does not present any memorial or petition,
asking you for a dime to enable him to carry out
his contract; and yet you propose to vote money
to enable him to carry out the contract; and the
Senator from Mississippi says this is done to
meet my objection. It does not meet my objec-
tion .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me one word here?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have sat pa-
tiently here", listening to the Senator's remarks;
but I think he is not correct in his argumentat all.
Mr. Rives himself, as the Senator has asserted,
has not asked to be enabled to pay this money.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so affirmed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
that lie has not asked, and does not ask, anything
of the kind. The whole of the Senator's argu-
ment seems to be directed to the point that you
are enabling him to do something, when he does
not ask it. The truth is, that you are not pro-
posing to pay him anything at all, but you are
proposing to pay this money to the reporters here.
It is their matter; it is not the matter of the pub-
lisher of the Globe.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have repeated that agaiq and
again. I have used the very words of the Sena-
tor himself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is a matter
entirely of the reporters.
Mr. TOOMBS. So I have repeated again and
again. I say Rives does not ask you to pay him
a dollar forthis purpose. The mover of the prop-
osition admits that be has not even told him so
out of doors; and yet you still insist on putting
on your statute-book that you intend to pay him
this money to enable him to pay his reporters.
That is what I object to. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, not mine, is to "enable"
him. I object to any such words, as Mr. Rives
himself does not ask for any enabling act at all.
That is one of my objections to the amendment,
and I have repeated itagain and again. I said Mr.
Rives was not to blame in this matter; for he does
not come here with any story of inability to dis-
charge his contract to the fullest extent; hut a
Senator offers a proposition of this kind, without
knowing anything of the subject, without know-
ing even how much he gets, or whether this ap-
propriation is necessary or not to enable Rives to
pay his reporters, It seems to me rather curious.
You are buckling fortune on his back, and I sup-
pose' he will take it and bear it like a philoso-
pher. Most people would do so, and he would
be very wrong if he did not do it. But he has
not asked you for it.
It is said that this is a question for the report-
ers. The argument I have made is, that we have
nothing to do with Rives's reporters. They may
be under paid or over paid, for aught I know. I
do not know what is proper wages for them. Nor
do I know what his foreman gets, what his print-
ers get, what his paper man gets. I am not com-
petent to judge whether or not he pays his report-
ers enough. I leave that question to be settled
between him and his reporters. If they do not
get enough, 1 suppbse they will go where they
will do better Tnat is the general law of labor
in this country. If they do not get as much as
their labor is worth, I suppose they will quit the
business; or, if they do not, I think they are very
foolish people.
I say, then, the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio is a good one. If you mean to pay the work-
men of your contractor whom you employ to do
this work, do it directly. You pay him over two
hundred and ten thousand dollars; and without
any complaint on his part that he does not get
enough money, without any investigation as to
whether it is sufficient, you insist on standing be-
tween him and his employes, and saying he does
not pay these people enough. I have not exam-
ined that question. We do not know whether he
pays them enough. We are called upon to vote
that.Mr. Rives does not pay his men enough. I
say that is not our business; we have nothing to
do with it; I know nothing about it. I have given
you the official account from the Treasury and
our own officer. If it is notenough, let the matter
be examined into by the Committee on Profiting.
If he has a hard contract-^ if he has one which can-
not be carried on without loss, let the Senate, on
being satisfied of that fact, increase the price. That
is the proper way. 1 acknowledge that many prop-
ositions connected with this work I voted for in
the beginning on the representations of my friends
from Alabama and Arkansas on the Printing Com-
mittee; but now I have no evidence. This prop-
osition comes from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, who have not looked into it, and
know nothing about it. I must bo excused for
not voting to expend public money in this way.
Mr. STUART?. I was very much in hopes this
morning that we should be able to dispose of this
bill in a few minutes, but the discussion has run
out to a great length. 1 am not prepared to say
that I am better informed on this subject than any
other Senator, but 1 will state in a very few words
what I understand to be the facts. So far as the
appropriations mentioned by the Senator from
Georgia are concerned, I apprehend it will be
found that they have nothing to do with the sub-
ject of reporting considered by itself. They are
appropriations that are increased because we have
increased the purchases of the Congressional
Globe we have made of Mr. Rives It' we think
the Senate and Congress are taking a greatornum-
ber of those Globes than ought to be taken, we
have only to stop it; it does not affect the com-
pensation of the reporters at all, as I understand
$7 50 per column is paid for reporting and pub-
lishing the debates, and of that sum $3 is retained
for the expense of publishing, and that will barely
pay 
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will allow me to
ask what becomes of the one cent for five pages
of excess over three thousand pages? Is no I that
for reporting and publishing ?
Mr. STUART. I was going to say that $4 50
is paid to the reporters. I have taken some pains
to inquire; and I understand that in the long ses-
sion this will amount to about sixteen or eighteen
hundred dollars pay to each of the reporters for
the necessary number; and they have to live the
entire year. During the short session of course it
is less; they still have to remain here, and pay
them expenses for the entire year. That is the
amount of their pay, and the two Houses have
voted this additional sum to the reporters for the
purpose of giving them a fair compensation.
Therefore, it reduces itself to this; whether the jj
Senate is willing to pay a fair and reasonable com- !|
pensation to the reporters. I am willing to have jj
these words "to enable" stricken out. I sng- j
gested it to the honorable chairman of the com- ,!
mittee when the bill came in from the House, !i
which wo had a controversy about here a few jj
weeks ago That bill contained this same lan- jj
guage, and I suggested to the chairman that, in ij
my opinion, that was a very awkward way, and |!
that it was placing a responsibility upon Mr.
Rives which, it' I were in his place, I would not
take. We ought to pay directly to the individu-
als; and we ought not to appoint an agent to make
the payments.
But I would say to the Senator from Georgia
that this is not the first time that language has
been used. It has been the general language in
both Houses, and it has been brought in as a cus-
tom—I think it is a bad one. I agree with him, ,,
|,and with the Senator from Ohio, that the pay-Jj
ments should be made directly. It is an extrijw
compensation to these reporters, and it does not
concern Mr. Rives at all. If you refuse it, you
take nothing from him; if you grant it, yoft add
nothing to his estate. It is a simple payment to
these reporters—nothing more nor less; and the
language will be better with these words stricken
out.
The question reduces itself to this: is the Senate
prepared to retain the system that it has of report-
ing, and retain these reporters, or is it disposed
to abandon them ? I think the experience of the
Senate and the country answers that question.
We have tried various projects of reporting the
debates of the Senate. They have all failed, until
we tried this. It is agreed, I believe, by all Sen-
ators, that the system is very complete, that the
reporters are very competent and exceedingly ac-
curate, and that the system is satisfactory to the
Senate. The amount of the printing, we all know,
is increased by the amount of the talking. The
Senator from Georgia said, the other day, that he
did not consider the books worth anything. If
that is true, then we talk nonsense, and the rem-
edy is with ourselves.
Now, sir, a word or two in regard to what fell
from the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] the other day. I am not going into an
extended argument; 1 have been disposed for three
or foar days to vote, but some things have been
said to which 1 cannot agree. 1 cannot agree that
a single Senator, by himself, has any authority
over this corps of reporters. I cannot agree with
the arguments of the Senator from Virginia, that
he or any other Senator has a right to change his
remarks as ho pleases, and that it is simply a ques-
tion between him and the other Senators who are
debating with him. The Senate pays for its re-
ports—the language is for the reporting of its de-
bates—and the Senate has aright, and the country
has a right, to have the debates as they are made.
It is a matter of comity and a matter of courtesy
how far we shall be permitted to take away from
the reporteis the notes and correct them. My ex-
perience has been that they have been courteous
indeed, and have extended every privilege that a
Senator could (Jpsire. That has been my expe-
rience; I have seen the very evils that are com-
plained of in the circular of Mr. Rives. I have
seen m debates I have had myself with Senators
upon this floor, that Senators corrected their own
remarks so that I seemed to be talking at nothing.
That has occurred to me, and it has occurred to
other honorable Senators on this floor, so that you
are made to appear, in the language of his circu-
lar, perfectly ridiculous, worse than Quixotic.
There can be no such authority, no such right,
on the part of an individual Senator.
This engagement is to print the debates. They
are his when they fall from the Senator's hps,
and his reporters put them on paper,andnotours.
It is a simple matter of comity and courtesy how
far we may change them, and how far we may
have the manuscript in order to change them, but
there has been no difficulty, and there will be no
difficulty, I apprehend, on that subject. I believe
—I am fully convinced—that the remedy for these
excessive appropriations, if they be excessive,
does not lie in this direction. The complaint is
simply that we are taking ton many of the Con-
gressional Globes, if it is an objection at all, and
not that we are paying anything more than a fair
compensation for reporting, with this extra pay
included. That is my belief about it.
I also believe that the system of publishing these
reports in a daily paper ts the only one that is of
any especial immediate value. There is a his-
torical value in them when carried into the Con-
gressional Globe; but their current value depends
upon their prompt publication in a daily paper;
and, as was said the other day by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] it would be
worse than useless to undertake to publish these
debates in a political paper, and let the editor per-
vert your remarks every day in an editorial article.
This is a daily paper, and it is strictly and almost
exclusively a report of your debates. There is
scarcely anything else in it. I think the honora-
ble Senator from Georgia was somewhat mistaken
in regard to its circulation and its value. The ex-
perience in the section of the country from which
I come is the reverse of that. The paper is ill
great demand; it is largely subscribed for and ex-
tensively read; and if there is any object in the
country's being informed generally of the pro-
