1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceedings in Congress, that is the most prompt and
the most reliable mode in which to give it.
The question now is—and this is ail I desire to
say—will the Senate pay a fair compensation to
the gentlemen now in their employ? The present
compensation pays them about whatlhave stated,
and that is all. f consider it entirely inadequate;
and therefore I am perfectly willing to vote the
additional compensation.
Mr. PUGH. In objecting to this amendment,
I make no complaint of Mr. Rives, and none of
the reporters. That is not my objection at all. I
am under many obligations to the reporters, very
many, which T shall always feel proud to express
here and elsewhere. If it is the business of the
Government to pay the reporters, let us either
make them public officers by act of Congress, or
make them officers of the Senate, give them sal-
aries, and then they are ours; and then pay Mr.
Rives for publishing the reports in his paper, if
you choose. Then we know what we are about.
But the question has been propounded four or five
times, how much do they get? what is their com-
pensation ? This is a proposition for extra com-
pensation. The Senator from Michigan tells us
at last, after two days' debate, that he is of the
impression that their pay amounts to sixteen or
eighteen hundred dollars for the long session.
Mr. STUART, f did not say it wts my im-
pression. It is a fact I learned on an inquiry
which I made a year a'go, and made again a week
ago. I did not state it here before, because I was
disposed to have a vote on thh question, and did
not wish to consume time in speaking. I thought
any other time would do to state it if it were ne-
cessary to be stated.
Mr. PUGH. Where did the Senator obtain
his information '
Mr. STCJART. From the reporters and Mr.
Rives. Of course they are the only individuals
who could tell me.
Mr. PUGH. Then the objection of mv friend
from Georgia still prevails; it is not information
that is given to us through any committee or any
officer of the Government. I say again, if this
system of reporting is to be continued, I think it
would be right for us to separate the reporting
from the publishing. Make these gentlemen by
act of Congress officers of the Government, or
by resolution employes of the two Houses, and
fix their compensation. Then we shall know
what it is, and if it is too little they can raise it;
if too large, reduce it.
What I object to is the indirection of the sys-
tem. As long as the public expenditures are all
expressed in plain language, so that we know
what we are about, and based upon estimates,
wc know where we can retrench. Then, when
our revenues shall fall short, as they have fallen
short, we know where to apply the knife of- re-
trenchment But what do we know here ? Here
is an amendment, proposed by the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to enable John C. Rives
to pay extra compensation; and yet Senators tell
us that John C. Rives is a mere stalking horse
in the business, a regular John Doe or Richard
Roe, who has nothing to do with it. Then why
not put it in plain language ? What is it you mean
to do ? You mean to add to the salary of the
reporters. Very good. Now, fix their salary by
law in this bill, or in some shape; and if $1,600
is not enough, be it so. If $2,000 is required, or
$3,000, or §4,000, put it in the bill, and let the
country know what you are expending. Now
the country knows nothing about it. The coun-
try can know nothing about it. It is this hiding
of public expenditures under all the shifts and in-
genuities of language, that 1 complain of. I do
not complain of the payment of the money if it is
necessary to carry on the system, and Congress
desires to continue the system: but I do complain
of hiding expenditures from the public by using
all these phrases; and, as a step towards what I
desire, I insist on my amendment, that this shall
be a direct appropriation to pay the reporteis, and
leave Mr Rives out of the business.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur in much that has been
said by the Senator from Ohio. I greatly prefer
that this mattersiiouid bo done directly, f should
have preferred to have the question of order, winch
was pending when this bill was last considered,
decided this morning, as to the right of an indi-
vidual Senator to offer the amendment on las own
responsibility. I go further: I would much pre-
fer that the reporters should be separated entirely
from any printing establishment; that the Senate
should have its own corps of reporters, responsi-
ble to the body. It is somewhat humiliating, I
think, that we should contend that our debates
are so poor that it is necessary to pay somebody
#to. print them. If they are not worth printing, file
them away in manuscript. If they cannot be
printed and circulated for the private benefit of
the printer, I prefer to have them filed away in
manuscript. One case occurred to me, in the
course of my experience in this body, where it was
necessary, after the lapse of years, to refer to the
notes taken by the reporter as the only means of
ascertaining what was actually said. So great an
evil did I find to result from the constant habit of
Senators changing what they said in debate, that
I at one time introduced a resolution here to pre-
vent changes in the report until it should at least
have been published in the morning Globe, and
then a Senator might, if he pleased, change his re-
marks for the Congressional Globe; but he should
at least stand first on the record as understood by
others, and as he had been answered.
I will say, since I am up, that I do not think it
fair to allow the question to pass from us with the
unlimited commendation bestowed upon the re-
ports of the Senate. I think the whole system
wrong. I think there is an inherent defect in the
attempt to report verbatim everything that is said
on the most unimportant subjects; neither do I be-
lieve it to be possible, with the small corps of re-
porters you have here now, to report exactly what
falls from Senators on the most important ques-
tions under debate. Very recently I was asked 1
the question, what I had meant by one sentence? '
It was nonsense as it was published, and this arose
simply from the fact that the word " nearly" had
been substituted for <c merely"—an error which
the phonographic method would almost certainly
introduce on many occasions. With a largercorps
of men, as intelligent as I believe your reporters
to be, they could revise their reports; they could
make sense; and their own knowledge, their per-
ception of what must have been said, would ena-
ble them to reduce those characters which repre-
sents sounds nearly alike to the words which ought
to have been employed, and which probably were
employed. But attempting, as we do, to send out
a report of a vast amount of debate with so small
a corps of reporters as are maintained here, it is
impossible that it should be anything else than a
mere transcript of the phonographic characters.
I had thought that I should vote for this amend-
ment, but I am now inclined to think otherwise.
I will first vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio to make it as direct as possible, and
i then vote to strike out the whole of the additional
: compensation, with a view to a change in the sys-
i tem entirely—to have the reporters for the House ,
and the reporters for the Senate paid by appro- i
pnations made by the body, and then if you 1
choose to encourage printing, very well; though j
I really believe that if the reports were reduced ;
to those subjects which are of importance to pos- '
terity and important to the country to-day, any ^
printer would gladly get possession of your re-;
ports if you would give them to lum for nothing, !
and make money by printing them. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on j
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to the j
amendment of the Senator ftom Mississippi. It i
is to strike out the words " to enable John C.
Rives," at the commencement of each clause. j
The amendment to the amendment was agreed j
to; and the question recurred on the amendment |
of Mr. Brown. ,
Mr. TOOMBS. I will simply ask some mem- i
ber of the Senate to tell me what the present com-
pensation is, and what evidence we have that it 1
is not enough ? I see that sometimes the debates |
amount to twenty-five, thirty, and even forty col- ,
umns a day. and we are told the pay for report- j
ing is $4 50 a column. The Senate has not a:
particle of official information on this point, what- '
ever there may be in the shape of hearsay fiom i
parties outside. It seems to me the matter ought '
to be referred to our Printing Committee, who ,
properly have charge of all these questions, if it'
is our business to inquire into it, and if the Sen- ,
ate once determine that thry will inquire into '
what their contractor pays his laborers. If we j
<irc going to pay thorn additional compensation, ;
I should suppose it would rather bean important ■
piece of information to know what is paid them
now, so as to see whether more is necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thesubject
has never been referred to the Printing Committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know it has not been, and
I want it referred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That commit-
tee have made no estimate on the subject, but it
is very easy for gentlemen to obtain this informa-
tion. . The amount paid is $4 50 a column, and it
is easy enough to ascertain the average number
of columns published daily. I suppose the Globe
containing the last day's proceedings will be laid
on our tables presently, and we shall see how
many columns it contains. All we have to do is
to multiply the number of columns of each day's
proceedings by $4 50, to ascertain the compensa-
tion. I do not know what it is. I understand
there are sometimes fifteen, sometimes twenty.-
five, sometimes thirty columns a day; what the
average is I have no idea. So far as I can see, it
must come to upwards of a hundred dollars a day
for both Houses. How much expenditure it takes
upon the part of the reporters in order to complete
their reports, I do not know. The subject has
never been referred to the committee to investi-
gate, and therefore I am unable to answer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I asked the question because
I really desire information. I have but one piece
of information on this point, and that has been
laid on my table, as I suppose, by parties inter-
ested, since I made my first observations this
morning. It is, " that there are now four of the
principal reporters of the Union corps, who were
employed from 1848 to 1854, who are ready, at
twenty-four hours' notice, to engage to furnish
full and accurate reports of the debates and pro-
ceedings of the Senate, at the present rate of com-
pensation given by Mr. Rives, without expecting
any gratuity from the Senate." This is signed
hy " William Henry Burr, first assistant of the
Union corps from 1848 to 1854, on behalf 5f his
associates." It seems that persons who have
been engaged in this same business heretpforcare
willing to do it at the present compensation. I
wanted to know whether the present compensa-
tion was too much or too little. Of course, I
would not pay these reporters anyhow, because
I have engaged John C. Rives to pay them. If I
did pay any sum, I would deduct it from what is
allowed him for reporting. I would give these
men a fair compensation if I employed them.
You employ Rives, and you not only give him
$7 50 a column, but one cent for five pages, and
additional compensations of various kinds; and
now, without a particle of evidence that he is not
able to do it, or does not do it, you propose to
pay his reporters $800 a year additional. Ac-
cording to my judgment, this is a very loose and
inconsiderate appropriation of the public money.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the proposi-
tion to appropriate this sum of $3,200 to the re-
porters of the Senate, is only the continuation of
what once was,and perhaps has continuously been
for aught 1 know, the usage of the two Houses.
It hay been the habit to give gratuities at the close
of the session to the employes of the two Houses
—a practice which I had hoped and thought would
be discontinued a* to the regular employes of the
Senate, because a committee was raised for the
purpose, amongst others, of gctiingrid of that very
abuse, as many of us considered it, and that com-
mittee revised the organization of the officers of
the Senate, and allowed, as they thought, most re-
munerative salaries. This comes in the form of a
compensation, if that is a more acceptable term,
to those who have been in the employment of the
Senate, at the close of a session.
It was satd in the oiiginal form of the amend-
ment, that it was to enable Mr. Rives to pay the
compensation. That language, itis said, was used
by the honorable Senator who moved the amend-
ment, in order to meet some verba! objection that
had been made on the floor of the Senate. Be
that as it may, the proposition is now in its true
shape, to give the reporters of the Senate this sum
of money which it is alleged has heretofore been
usually paid. I am against it—reluctantly against
it. I am against it only because it seems to me
not the proper mode of compensating those who
are, or who may be supposed to be, in the em-
ployment of the Senate. 1 find, in looking cur-
sorily over the Journal of the Senate, that in 1852,
the very year in which the resolution was passed
