1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
much butter for citizcns of the United States. That
is my opinion. J have, however, spoken of their
political rights as men, and it is not for me to sit
m judgment to condemn and deprive them of the
right of suffrage on one side or the other, becauso
of frauds committed by one, or violence practiced
by another. This is a political question.
It is said, however, that the series of legalities
and technicalities, to which I have alluded, of a
regular election, of a regular convention, of a sub-
mission to the people, and of votes of the people
upon all these questions, have been regular; and
what then?. All the people had a right to vote,
and those who did not vote forfeited their rightto
complain; and we are not to inquire whether there
were any petfple who did not vote, or whether
those who did vote voted fairly, and were entitled
tc vote or not. It is said we are precluded by the
forms in which this transaction is enveloped; that
the formal election, the formal certificate of elec-
tion, the formal constitution certified—these for-
malities are enough for us, and that we are not per-
mitted to look further; that we ought not to look
further. Sir, I do not think so. We are applied
to now to admit anew State into the Union. The
instrument which she presents as her constitution
is opposed by people from the same Territory.
They say, "this is not our constitution; it is
against our will; it is not only against our will, i
but it has been imposed upon us by devices and |
fraud. It is void for fraud. If it is not void for ;
fraud, for that is rather a legal than a political
term, we present these fraudsand this opposition
as a reason why you should not admit our Ter-
ritory into the Union under this constitution."
That is the state of the question before you.
The complainants admit all the regularities just
as the President states them. Perhaps they ad-
mit the effcct these forms would ordinarily have,
but they urge other facts in opposition to the ap-
parent evidence of the constitution itself, as I have
before adverted to. A majority of the people have
protested against it. The present Legislature, by
its inquiries, have developed the vast frauds which
were practiced in the convention concerning and
relating to all around this constitution. They
say, '* do not accept that; do not admit us under
it; send it back; let it be submitted to a fair vote
of the people." Sir, upon such a complaint as
this, are we not bound, in justice to that people,
to examine the whole case? Can any Senator
turn away and refuse to look at the testimony
that is offered ? Can he be justified in so doing ,
by naked legal presumptions from naked regular- ,
ities or irregularities?
Do not suppose that I would disparage all these '
conclusions and presumptions from a formal regu- j
lar manner of doing business. In many cases, and j
to many of the transactions of society, especially to j
your courts of justice, the v are necessary, and they '
subserve the purposes of justice. They were not j
made to sacrifice justice, but to uphold it and main- '
tain it and protect it asan armor. Thatistheproper ■
business of forms—not to crush down justice, but.
to promote if. We arc not now sitting here gov- '
erned by any technicalities. Thisagrand national ■
political tribunal, to judge according to our sense •
of policy and our sense of justice. That is our 1
high province—not to be controlled by presump-
tions of 1-uv when we can have the naked truth. ;
It is the truth that ought to guide it; and for that!
we ought to look wherever we can find it; and j
where you find the truth on one side, and the fic- J
tion on the other side: which is to be followed, the |
truth or the fiction? I take the fact; I take the ;
truth; let the fiction return to those tribunals who !
are by law made subject to it. This is a question
above that sort of argument. Itis inquirable into. '
Else how can we judge that it is their constitu- j
tion? It is the first time, I believe, that such a '
question has ever come up in the Senate of the ,
united States. In all former applications for j
admission, there has been one thing about which :
there has been no question; and that was, the wil-.
lingncss to be admitted, and the constitution un- •
dcr which they desired to be admitted. There has ;
been no question about the authenticity of a con-:
stitution, or about its expressing the true will of !
the pi'nMc before this, that I know of. I am sat- J
isfied there has been none; but now that there is, ;
we must inquire into the authenticity of the in- '
strumcnt offered to us; we must inquire whether
it is better, on full consideration, to admit this in-
etrument and the State with it or not; and, in the
exercise of that judgment, we are bound to look
abroad for the truth wherever we can find it. I
think, therefore, these matters are all fairly sub-
ject to our consideration.
Now, Mr. President, convinced as I am from
these imperfect views of the evidence in the case,
that this instrument is not really the constitution
of the people of Kansas, or desired by thorn to
be accepted by you in their admission into the
Union; believing that it is not their constitution;
and believing, moreover, as I verily do, that it
is made in fraud and for a fraud; believing that
these matters are inquirable into by us, and that
the inquiry has led us to abundant light on this
subject, I cannot, I will not vote for it. Viewing
it as I do, I should think that, with the opinions
I entertain, I could not put my hand to her ad-
mission without violating my sense of right and
justice; and I would submit to any consequence
before I would do that.
Now, sir, what considerations are there, apart
from these which I have stated, which could lead
me to give, or could compensate me for giving, a
vote against my sense of what was right and just?
What is the advantage to our whole country, or
to any portion of it, to result from taking Kansas
into the Union now with this constitution? Is
anything to be gained? Is the South or the
North to gain anything by it? I see nothing to
be gained by it. I think there is not a gentleman
here who believes that Kansas will be a slave
State. Before this territorial government was
made, many of the leading men of the South
here argued that Kansas and Nebraska never
could be slave States. By the law of climate
and geography, it was said they could not. So
said my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and
so said Mr. Stephens.
Mr. TOOMBS. Never. ]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Badger said so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN*. Mr. Keitt and Mr. ]
Brooks, of South Carolina, said so. The opinion
was expressed by numerous southern gentlemen j
that Kansas could never be a slave State. It was j
for the principle that they contended; and theprin- j
ciple, the abstract principle, was a just one. I
Mr. HAMMOND. With the permission of i
the Senator, I will ask him, " Did I understand ;
him to say that Mr. Keitt had declared Kansas
nover would be a slave Stater"
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir: so it is re-
ported. Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, said:
" Docs any man behf ve that you will have a siavefcold-
mg State m K.ui ct  m NeL>id?Ua.-"
Governor Brown', of Mississippi, said:
Thai slavery would nevei find a resting placo in tho«5e
Territories "
Mr. Douglas said:
" I do not bplieve there is a man in ronjjre^s who thinks
it could be permanently a slavehohlmg countiy."
Mr. Badger, of North Carolina, said:
I have no moie idea of seeing a slav population m either
of them than I have of seeing it in Ma- s>acuu&ett:s."
Mr. Millso-j, of Virginia, said:
" No one expects it. No one dreams that slavery will be
established there."
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton, of Tennessee,
said:
*• The fears of northern gentlemen arc wholly unfounded
Slavery will not be established in Kansas and Nebraska *'
The late Mr. Brooks, of Souih Carolina, said
in his speech of the loth of March, 1S54:
(i If the natural laws of climate and of soil exclude 113
from a territory of winch we are the joint owners, we shall
not and we will not complain."
Mr. Butler, of South Carolina said, on the 2d
of March, 1854:
u if two States should ever come into the Union from
them, [the Territories] it is veiy certain that not moie
than one of them could, m any passible event, be a slave*
holding Slate; and I have not the least idea that even one
would be.'"*
Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, in his speech of
the 30th March, 1854, quoted Mr. Pinckney, of
his own State, that—
" FiaciicaUy, he thought slavpsy would not sro above the
line of 36° 30' by the laH'sofpliy-icalseosiapliy. and tliere-
foie. that tiie South lo-t no terntoiy f.l fur sh-u -■: jr •"
This is all the authority I have; it is a compi-
lation.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire what book ihe
Senator roads from. What is the tixie nf n :
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It •seems to be a bonk
written with the most downright Democratic pro-
pensities and purposes. [Laughter.] It is "An
I Appeal to the Democracy of the South, by a soutli-
ern State-Rights Democrat." [Laughter.]
" Mr. MASON. I suppose the pamphlet is anony-
>' mov.s. No nar.-.e is given.
i; Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
il Mr. MASON. The name of the writer of the
pamphlet is not given.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman take
■ it? It contains a great deal of good Democratic
! reading. [Laughter.] The writer of it thought
he was doing great service to the Democratic
jj party.
j; Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to say that Mr.
;j Keitt quoted that passage from Mr. Pinckney's
| i speech on the Missouri question, which had been
II quoted on the opposite side of the case previously.
|j His object in quoting it was to show that Mr.
i Pinckney did not support the Missouri compro-
:l mise upon principle, but he did not indorse the
I' sentiments expressed by Mr. Pinckney in that
i extract
Il Mr. CRITTENDEN. I accept the explana-
,< tion. Certainly I had no intention to misrepre-
j sent any gentleman by reading the statements
ij expressed in this pamphlet. 1 say it was notan-
ticipated at first that gansas would be a slave-
.! holding State. What is the South to gain now by
j having it admitted ? It will gain a triumph in the
: admission of this constitution—admitted against
I the will of the majority of the people. It is a tri-
!! umph, but is it not a barren one ? Is it a triumph
, j worthy of the South? It is not entirely barren.
It will produce increased bitterness and exasper-
| ation, perhaps, oh the part of those against whose
j will it is forced, not only in the Territory, but
! elsewhere. It may give new exasperation to the
|, slavery question; new agitation, which God for-
bid. It would be a victory without results, with-
out profit, barren, sterile, as to all the ordinary and
beneficial fruits. There is none of them; but it
, will give exasperation, perhaps, to the slavery
question. It will not allay agitation. Is that pol-
icy ? Is that justice > Will that gain anything to
us? I do not know how anything is to be gained
! to the South, supposing, as I verily believe, and
' as every gentleman here believes, that it cannot
' be a slave State; that there is a majority there op-
; posed to it, and who will put it down. Pass this,
i and we may have a few years longer of exaspera-
ted struggle and exasperated agitation in the coun-
try. That is all the consequence of the barren
i victory which would be obtained by admitting
Kansas with this constitution. That is not a fruit,
I think, which any one would wish to gather.
Now, if you attempt to cnforce it, we are told by
Mr. Walker—I know nothing about it, but from
. all that he and Mr. Stanton tell us, and they are
t Democratic witnesses—there is danger of resist-
!i ance and danger of rebellion.
I! Where is the necessity, then, for outdoing it
II now? Can we not resort to some other means by
j which we may avoid all these consequences of
:1 exasperation, of danger, of resistance, of tumult,
i' ov of agitation, upon this subject; and end this
contf-st in a snort time by authorizing the people
of Kansas now, under the high mandate of this
! Government, to form for themselves a constitu-
■ tion, if they want to come into this Union—a con-
I stitution fairly to be made, fairly to express the
will of the people, and to bring it here, when
:i they shall be admitted ? It defers the subject but
a little while. Is it not better to do that; isitnot
'i better to stand by the evils we have, than to fly
;| to others we know not of, either North or South,
'I to result from the rejection or the admission of
j! this constitution? I think every prudential con-
II sideration is in favor of our forbearing to enforce
1 this constitution on the people of Kansas, and
; leave them an opportunity of making their views
! fully and perfectly understood. This will be in
accordance with the generous principles and pol-
icy that the South has pursued here.
'Vvnat recommended the Kansas-Nebraska bill
to the South? For one, I think it was a great
blunder to pass it; but what was the recommend-
ation that ir, contains ? It adopts, I think, a right
T'.'incipie i-"1 rcspeet to a Territory belonging to
the peo .le of the United States, and in regard to
which Congress has made no law of admission or
e'fp'.rsion, that any citizen of the United States,
with any property of his, has a full right to go
, there. When people go upon that Territory to
make a law, to become"a community, when they
1 hare the power of legislation, they may admit it
