1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yi
ment of the same between this period and the 14th of June
° We have the honor tobe,gentlemen,yourmost obedient
servants. LIVERPOOL)
servants, FREDERICK JOHN ROBINSON.
To the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of
England.
Resolved,, That the Governor be authorized to purchase
Exchequer bills to an amount not exceeding £2,000,000, on
condition that the repayment be made within four months.
At a Court of Directors at the Bank,
Tuesday, February 28,1828.
The Governor laid before the court the following letter
and memorandum from Lord Liverpool and the Chancellor
Of the Exchequer, viz : ^ ^ ^
Gentlemfn : In order to prevent any misapprehension
udoii the subject of our discussion yesterday, we think it
rieht to transmit to you ilie inclosed memorandum, explan-
atory of the several points which we then brought under
your consideration.
We have the honor to be, gentlemen, your most obedient,
bumble servants, f.'^ROBENSON.
The Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank.
memorandum.
1 In the event Sfthe bank consentins to advance money
upon the security (if goods, under the present circumstances
of the country, it is understood that these advances should
not exceed the sum of three millions in the whole.
2. That, assimilating the principle of these advances to
advances made in the ordinary course of discount upon
bills of exchange, they shall be subject to repayment m
three months. . ...
3. The Government to propose to Parliament that the pro-
visions of the act respecting merchant and factor, which
will be in force in October next, shall be brought into im-
mediate operation, in respect to any goods which may be
Dledced to the bank under the proposed arrangement.
4. "If the bank should think proper to make advances in
conformity to these susge&uons,tl e Government engage to
submit to Paihament the necessary measures for enabling
them to reduce the present amount of the advances of the
bank to the Government, bv a repayment of six millions;
such repayment to be made as soon as may be practicable,
and, at all events, before the close of the present session
of Parliament. ,
Resolved, That this court, having distinctly understood
the determination of his Majesty's Government not to make
any advances for the relief of the commercial distress now
orevaihnff, reluctantly consent to undertake the mcasuie
proposed, to an extent not exceeding three millions, upon
the tei ms and conditions expressed in the communication
of the Fiist Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the
^ Note^AII other advances made by the bank, either upon
purchase of Exchequer bills, or by discount of commercial
bills, were exclusively upon the responsibility of the bank.
1 > JOHN KNIGHT, Secretary.
Bank of England, June 9, 1832.
Mr. SIMMONS. During the whole time when
the President says the Bank of England was try-
in®1 to contract the issues of the country banks,
and was not able to do it, you will find that the ;
issues of the country banks did not exceed their ,
circulation in 1818—seven years before this time j
—by the amount of more than two per cent. It
will thus be seen that the only effort of the Batik
of England was to relieve the community from
impending distress. The returns show that on
the 28th of February, 1826, the loans by the bank
to the Government were <£20,573,258, and to pri-
vate individuals, £12,345,322; while a year before
thai time the loans to the public were ^19,44
and to private individuals, <£5,503,i42. riete,
during; that year, was an increase to private bor-
rowers of nearly £7,000,000, or §35,000,000 for
their relief during this pressure, and_atthe end ot
that year their coin was only <£2,4595d10, wuile
their whole liabilities were <£32,403,850.
I say that the President has been misled in
supposing that any such effort as that of wlucli
lie speaks was made by the Bank of England.
He has been misled, also, in supposing that the
catastrophe here has been caused by any expan-
sion or contraction of our banks. It is as dear
as the noonday sun, if the papers which I have
•presented prove anything, that a national bank
is entirely efficient to correct those disasters ana
get over them in the best possible manner. I am
Bound to believe, that if the President of the
United States had supposed the cause of 'he pres-
ent revulsion was not a diseased condition of the
monetary system of the country, he would have
looked somewhere else for it.
Let me ask the distinguished Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] what change has taken
place in our relations to foreign countries within
the past year, cxcept the change m the tarirt (
made in March last? Did we not then take oft ;
on an average one fourth of the duties that opcr- j
ated as a barrier against excessive importations.
it was believed then, and urged in the debates at
the time, that if we did not reduce the duties, the
accumulations in the sub-Treasury would be so
great as to produce a monetary revulsion. When
a proposition is presented to me for action ' de-
sire to know what is intended to be relieve*-! by
it, and what is intended to be produced by it, and
then, if I find it adapted to the purpose, I most
cordially approve it. This is no party question;
no platform is interfered with by regulating the
business and exchanges of the country, to get
them into the best shape we can. I say, that 011
the plea of preventing a monetary revulsion, the
Government of the United States changed its
commercial system in a night. The change was
hurried through without examination. The con-
sequences were not considered. That was the ad-
dition of the last feather which breaks the camel's
back. To avoid a revulsion, we opened the
flood-gates to importations, and in sixty or ninety
days afterwards we were bankrupt, and now the
Treasury is bankrupt, according to its own show-
ing. I thought yesterday the Secretary of the
Treasury had made out a pretty good showing,
but it seems that he is not going to come out
right, and I shall not criticise his figures.
Mr. President, the only way to correct the evils
under which we are laboring, so far as this Gov-
ernment is concerned, is to put your commercial
system on such a basis that it shall be reciprocal
between this and other countries. I am so much
a free trader as to agree to any system that will
produce reciprocal commerce and exchanges of
products, but when we impoit a hundred millions
a year more than we export wc are in a bod con-
dition. You may, by issuing Treasury notes and ,
railroad bonds and State bonds and Government
stocks, postpone the dav of payment, but the re-
suit is inevitable, and it is your destruction, and
subserviency to the power to which you are in-
debted. . . .
England has given up the notion^ of obtaining
an ascendency over us by arms. She tried that
for some time, but wc have some trophies at the
navy-yard here, which I looked at twenty-five
years ago, that satisfied me then that she would
change her course. The British lion, with his
paw on the globe, is a trophy to the frigate United
States and to the Government and people of the
United States. I thought, when I first saw this,
England would take some other course than fight-
ingwith us. She means to have the commercial
ascendency in the world, and every effort we have
made since she has undertaken that policy has
been playing into her hands so as to give her the
advantage over us. I hope we are not to persist
; forever in this fatal course. #
1 Tho Secretary of the Treasury, maletter which
was read yesterday, says,as a sort of excuse for
this issuing of Treasury notes, that he has funds |
in abevance, duties to be received from goods .
now in warehouse. Twenty-sixortliirty million j
dollars' worth of goods are now in warehouse, on I
which six millions or more of duties ought to be 1
paid. Then why not say at once, in a joint reso- |
lulion, that foreign goods in warehouse shall be j
entered and the duties paid, ox else the goods 1
shall be shipped abroad within sixty days. Is j
not that the simple way of meeting the case ? W hy ,
should we goto borrow money in order to give >
credit to those foreign producers? When the tariff 1
was altered last March, you were very careful to
insert a provision, that although goods might .
have been imported and warehoused under the 1
former tariff, they could be entered at the reduced 1
rates after July 1.
Everv provision you have made during the last f
ten years has had the effect of throwing your gates ;
wide open for the sale of foreign goods to embar- j
rass your own producers. 1 have not seen one or
your tariff bills passed in that time which has not |
contained such provisions. You value the goods
abroad; you will not value them at home, xheie
is some constitutional difficulty in the way 01
valuing them where you can see them; and ill
order to value them you must go where you can-
not see them. [Laughter.] That is the doctrine ,
preached here as if it were holy writ. How do
you value the goods abroad? For that purpose
you fix the legal value of the pound sterling at
§4 80. If vou look at any of the prices current
for years past you will find that an eagle brings
in England thirty-nine shillings and six pence, or
about that. _ . . ,
In England a half eagle will bring within three
pence, or six cents, of a pound sterling. "Why
not say that the goods shall be valued at what •
they cost in American coin? Your valuation is
five or six per cent, below that, but it would not
be altered if it were forty per cent. beloW; but if
it were made one per cent, too high, you woi 14
have all the German Jews in the country memo-
rializing you to interpose and alter it.
During the last ten years, you have made no
effort to counteract the policy of England, which
is, to obtain the commercial ascendency Jf the
world. People think now that we are goingto
get coin from England, and theywithhold their
crops. England has been distressed the last three
years about staples for textile fabrics. They have
tried to colonize Africa, and have been looking
for cotton all over the world. It is my judgment
that a portion of this effort on their part has been
with a view of commanding that great staple cot-
ton, for it had got too high, as everybody knows.
Our planters have become rich, and haveheld their
cotton, and they are holding it now, for coin to
eome from England to buy it; but you cannot gef
a remittance of gold from England to this country,
but they will turn the screws, and take twice as
much back within three weeks. I venture to Say
there is not an American merchant doing business
in London or Liverpool who can negotiate a bill
at their banks, if there is a probability, or even a
possibility, of coin being sent to the United Stated.
Every return says there is no difficulty in getting
money, cxcept, perhaps, for the purpose of sending
it to America. Prance has had more wisdom than
the United States, and she has been reaping a
harvest the last five years. She has not gone into
free trade: and if there were no other recom-
mendation for Louis Napoleon, this would go far
towards covering up some defects that I do not
think it proper to mention in the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I say, in all soberness
and earnestness, that I think we ought to make
a temporary measure of this bill. 1 dislike the
manner in which it has originated. If it be a
loan, it ought to contain a provision for the re-
demption of the loan. If I were now to offer ail
aempuou m luc n  .    -
amendment that would look first to raising a sink-
ino- fund for the redemption of these notes, and
next to keeping out some of these gewgaws that
have got us into debt, gentlemen would say that
it was unconstitutional, for such a measure could
not originate in the Senate. You cannot amend
this bill as it ought to be amended, if it originates
here. This is another objection.
Then I have doubts as to the propriety of issu-
ing Government paper as a currency. I do not
pretend to say that it is clearly unconstitutional;
but, if any faith is to be placed in the reasoning
of the President, it is one of the most objection-
able forms of providing a currency—much more
objectionable than that which he proposes to cor-
rect, and which he intimates is not constitutional,
on account of that provision which prohibits a
State from emitting bills of credit. I think any-
body who has read the history of our country
may know what the fathers of the Republic meant
when they prohibited the States from issuing bills
of credit, or making anything but gold and silver
coin a tender for the payment of debts. YVe
know that during the revolutionary war, and the
period anterior to the formation of the Constitu-
tion, this country was cursed with an irredeem-
able paper currency, issued by the States and by
Congress, called continental money, and made
a tender for the payment of debts. Why did the
framersof the Constitution mean to prevent this.
Tney did not mean that anything should circu late
as money, the payment of which could not fee
enforced by the individual holding it 111 the legal
tribunals of the country. Can you enforce the
payment of one of these Treasury notes? iNo
more than you could enforce the pay®en'f°* *
bond from this Government. You ca2no'enfy
the payment of a note issued by a State. *ou
cannot sue a State. Khode Island, which was
one of the last States to adopt the Constitution,
and one of the most lavish m paper money, be-
cause she used it to pay her soldiers, and had
more soldiers, in proportion toterntory, than any
A^her State adopted the Constitution in 1/90 or
1791- and one of the first acts of the General
Assembly, immediately afterwards, was to create
a bank to issue paper money. That bank is m
existence to-day. It is one of those " irrespons-
ible" institutions of which the President speaks.
