120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Gong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
that you also allow us; the question is before the
Senate; we say this to you simply, being in a mi-
nority, we do not choose that the public business
shall go on; you shall not do it; the public busi-
ness shall not be done; this bill shall not be acted
upon; we have nothing to ask in relation to it; but
we stand here and say, the public business shall
be arrested at our beck and pleasure."
It becomes a serious question in these circum-
stances what the majority is to do. Ordinarily,
in representative assemblies, there are rules; fre-
quently these rules are perverted to the detriment
of the rights of a minority; minorities often com-
plain that the majority are trampling upon their
rights, refusing them an opportunity of debating
the pending question, or refusing them an oppor-
tunity of suggesting such amendments to the pend-
ing business, the bill before the body, as they
may think proper to suggest. In our body there
is nothing of the kind. Relying upon a sense of
public duty, relying that gentlemen who reach
this Chamber require nothing but a sense of the
duty they owe their countrymen, and patriotism
to do the public business, our rules allow unlim-
ited discretion. For the first time in the history
of the country, a minority abuses that unlimited
license, by saying to the majority, " you shallnot
go on with the public business except in a manner
to suit us; you shall not talte a vote on the bill;
you shall not discuss the bill; we of the minority
give you these orders."
Now, sir, this revolution having already com-
menced by the party known as the Republican
party in the Senate the question is submitted for
the serious consideration of the majority. A mere
physical contest never was contemplated as a le-
gitimate means of determining the public business
of the country. How long is this to last? How
long is it consistent with the dignity of the ma-
jority to permit it to last? And what is the rem-
edy?
Mr. President, for hours the factious minority
of this Senate have folded their arms, and pursued
the course which I have just mentioned. I know
of but one remedy; my reflections on the subject
suggest to me but one thing to <lo. It is for'the
majority of the Senate to leave this Hall, and, with
a message left behind to the minority that when
they will please to permit the business of the
country to go on, and will send us word, we will
come back, leaving it to them to break up the
Government. I know of no other course.
What is to bo done ? Shall we sit here taking
yeas anil nays alternately on motions to adjourn,
to take a recess, to postpone; to adjourn, to take
a recess, to postpone; to adjourn, to postpone, to
take a recess; without a solitary reason for one
of these motions but the simple declaration by the
minority, " you shall not do the public business;
we will not speak; we will not vote; we will not
debate; we will not offer an amendment; you
shall not do the business of the country." That
is the proposition now of the minority. If there
is no inherent power in the majority to force a
conclusion to tins, then, I say, clearly a revolu-
tion has commenced in the Government, and the
country should know it. In order that the coun-
try may know it, as we have no rules for such a
case, I see but one course for the majority—to
make a formal declaration to the minority that
they will leave them in possession of the Senate
Chamber, power over which tbey usurp to prevent
the business of the country being done; to tell them
when they are ready to go on witVi the business
of the Government, and will inform us, we shall
be ready to come back. Upon them be the re-
sponsibility of stopping the public business of the
country, stopping it short, placing it in a position
where nothing whatever can be done.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to put the
Senator from Louisiana right in a matter of his-
tory, and the history of this body. If thi3 is a
revolution, itis not the beginning. In the summer
of 1848, when the bill for organizing the territorial
governmentof Oregon was before this body, there
was a clear majority of the Senate for applying
what was thencal'leu the Wilmot proviso, or anti-
slavery ordinance to that bill. We came into this
House at ten o'clock on a Saturday morning; and
the minority in the Senate at that time were not
those who were contending, as we are now, against
what wfe consider to be the aggression of the slave
power. I do not want to put it in any offensive
shape; but the majority then was the anti-slavery
party, and the minority were those who are op-
posed to it>; and that minority took just exactly
the course which the honorable Senator has indi-
cated—speaking against time, and making mo-
tions to adjourn; and they kept that majority here
from ten o'clock on Saturday morning until about
ten o'clock on Sunday morning. The minority
at that time were those who were opposed to the
anti-slavery ordinance which was affixed to that
bill. I do not see at this moment any member of
the Senate now present who was then a member
of the body. „
Mr. HAMLIN. I was here.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
Maine was present at that time; I had forgotten
it. But, sir, the revolution, if it was a revolution,
commenced long ago—ten years ago; and this
mode of doing business, which the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana denounces, does not claim
the paternity of the gentlemen who are now using
it; but it was a game that was played then, and
played by the very men who are now complain-
ing of it. I say, therefore, that whatever of cen-
sure that honorable gentleman or lus friends have
to visit upon this course should be visited upon
those who inaugurated and commenced this busi-
ness in the Senate, and not upon those who have
taken it up second-hand.
But, sir, 1 make a single suggestion further, if
I may be so fortunate as to let what I say fall on
as candid ears as I hope I address. I do not wish
to repeat over and over again what has been so
often said; but I think that, whether it was inau-
gurated by us or by others, the present minority
are not obnoxious to the censure which the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana so eloquently and
fluently attributes to us; and, for the humble part
that 1 have in it, I have no fears of its going be-
fore an enlightened country. Sir, there is a right
of debate, and there is aright of debate at season-
able hours; and as long as there has been no dis-
position manifested (and such a disposition has
been disclaimed over and over and over again) of
abusing the right of debate, but simply a dispo-
sition expressed to use it fairly, it seems to me
that this complaint illy comes from those who are
forcing us into such hours of the night as these,
for the purpose of discussion. Having said this,
I take my seat.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Louisiana. So far as
regards myself, I have not acted, and I mean not
to act, without consideration. My relations to
this matter I have considered as coolly and delib-
erately as I could. Since this course was resolved
upon, I have reflected upon the position in which
I stand, as one of the Senators of the United
States, before the country, and the responsibili-
ties which I assume by the course I have taken.
Having considered all these things, and having
acted, I trust it is not necessary for me to say to
that honorable Senator, and to others, that I am
ready to meet before the country the responsi-
bility of my course.
Sir, I am opposed, as a general rule, to this
kind of action; and I regret, as much as any one
can regret, that it has become absolutely neces-
sary to resort to this course in order to protect
the rights of the minority. What has this major-
ity attempted to do? Let the country understand
it rightly. They come into this Chamber when
this bill is under discussion, and announce to us
that we must have a permanent sitting until it is
disposed of, unless we will make certain stipula-
tions. On this side of the Chamber we tell them
to a man—for there is nobody who objects to it
—we tell them in the face of the country, that
we desire to discuss the question; that we do not
wish to waste the time of the Senate; that we
simply want opportunities for a full and fair dis-
cussion by all those gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber who desire to speak, and to express
their opinions. We have offered them our pledge
that as soon as that is done, we shall be ready to
take the vote; and that in doing it we will not at-
tempt to speak against time, as it is called; that
is, protract the time for the mere purpose of de-
bate. It has been said, over and over again, that
the moment we attempt anything of that kind we
shall have no blame to cast on the other side for
forcing a permanent sitting. What is the reply
you maka to us? "We cannot accede to thesa
terms unless you fix a time, and a time to be des-
ignated within certain limits, and agree, as hon-
orable men, to be bound by that time." We say
to them that time is not sufficient, in our judg-
ment; but if you will let us adjourn only over
one night, until we can have a meeting and con-
sultation among ourselves, and see what time we
shall require, we will then make a proposal to
you with reference to that matter. It is per-
emptorily denied. The majority offer us these
terms, and these alone: " agree to take the vote
within   certain time, or you must sit until this
question is settled."
Mr. GREEN. You have had an opportunity
to meet and consult.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have had no oppor-
tunity to meet. We have asked barely for an
adjournment, and that after the notice was given
at five o'clock in the afternoon, or between four
and five o'clock, that this sitting was to be per-
manent until the question was taken.
Mr. GREEN. It was given to you seven days
ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Given seven days ago!
And yet at the same time we were told by more
than one honorable Senator that the design only
was to give us an intimation that we must not
waste time, that it was not designed to enforce it.
Mr. GREEN. You did waste time.
Mr. HAMMOND. What Senator had aright
to say that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My statement will not be
denied by any Senator, I am sure.
Mr. GREEN. I will not deny it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was said by more than
one Senator, and said tome. I went on with that
understanding. I have wasted no time of the
Senate in speaking. I know of no Senator on this
side who has—certainly none until this evening,
if you call it a waste, when the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] spoke longer than he
otherwise would have done, perhaps, because it
was the design of the Senate to force the question
through to-night. That was the beginning of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. I ask the Senator from Maine what the
minority propose to do. He tells us what the mi-
nority want. The majority will not do what he
asks. I should like to ask him whether the mi-
nority then means that no business of any kind
shall ever be done until the majority will do for
them just what they want.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I do not mean
any such thing; but it is a question before the
country, and to go to the country, whether or not
what we ask now m reference to this matter is,
or is not, reasonable; and I am willing to go to the
country upon it.
Mr. GREEN. What then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Missouri that if he de-
sires to interrupt the Senator from Maine, he
must do so through the Chair. These colloquies
waste time, and sometimes lead to unpleasant-
nesses.
Mr. GREEN. I have not the least disposition
of that kind in the world, and I thought that the
Senator from Maine would appreciate my ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take no exception to
it at all.
Mr. GREEN. I knew he would take no ex-
ception; for we are on the best of terms, and I
wished only to call his attention to the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take no exception to
what the Senator did. I was about to state that
every case must stand by itself. The Senator
from Louisiana asks whether I assume as a prin-
ciple that the minority must impose its terms on
the majority, and unless the majority agree to
them, stop business ? I say, emphatically, "110 !"
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator what the minority proposes to do ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What the minority pro-
poses to do now? It is very late, and the Sena-
tor will see what condition we are in. What we
did propose was simply that the Senate adjourn
over until to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator misunder-
stands my question. I take it for granted now,
