n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
J^ts first bpfird of directors contained three or four
men who spilled the first blood of the Revolution;
for, say what you will, the beginning of the Rev-
olution was the capture and burning of the Gas-
pee, and the contest in which Lieutenant Dud-
dington was wounded.
What do we mean when we say anything is
unconstitutional ? We construe the Constitution
in two ways. We do not say that this Govern-
ment must be prohibited from doing a thing in
orderto make it unconstitutional, because we con-
strue the Constitution as a delegation of power,
and we are bound by what it delegates to us. If
it does not delegate the power to issue paper
money, we have not that power. The Constitu-
tion restricts the States because they act in an in-
dependent capacity. It is clear to me that this
measure is hardly constitutional. But suppose it
is not so; what then?
The President and Secretary of the Treasury
tell us they are going to correct this paper money
evil by having a bankrupt law applied to these
corporations. I should like to see them frame
such an act, consistently with the Constitution of
the United States. I agree you have a general
power to make a uniform system of bankruptcy;
but I desire to know whether gentlemen here,
who construe the Constitution as I have been in
the habit of hearing it construed in this Chamber
by those who profess to understand it, mean to
put institutions created by your State and by ray
State within the power and under the control of
this General Government. I believe that when
the head of this Government addresses Kentucky
on that subject,and says," take care, Kentucky!"
she will say, in the quaint language of her early
settler, "Let those take care who are afraid."
If site should rise, as I believe old Daniel Boon
is represented, with a rifle on his arm, and if this
Government should say, " lay down yourarms,"
she would reply, " come and take them." Much
of aUnion man as I am, I would sympathize with
the States that had thus replied to such menacing
orders, and not with those who gave them.
Mr. President, you may talk as you choose
about new fashioned modes of construing the
Constitution and the doctrines which it contains;
but I think the old rule, laid down by that brilliant
light in the judiciary, Judge Marshall, will never
be bettered. He says that " the jurisdiction of a
State" (meaning the jurisdiction of individual
States, and of the United States, as a nation,)
" extends over everything within its limits, that
exists by its authority, ur is introduced by its
permission." Whether this be controverted in
the Dred Scott decision or 111 a bank decision, I
say that whatever exists within the limits of the
United States, from the Aroostook to the Rio
Grande, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific, if
it exists by the authority of the United States,
under the Constitution of the United States, it is
under the jurisdiction of the Government of the
United States, and I do not rare whether it be
slavery or a bank. Ill my deliberate judgment,
when you undertake to say that slavery goes any-
where by virtue of this Government or its Con-
stitution, you inevitably place it within the jui is-
diction of this Government. My notion is, that
slavery exists, wherever it exists at all, not by
the authority of the Constitution or Government
of the United States, and that it is not intro-
duced, wherever it exists, by permission of that
Constitution; and for that reason I can conscien-
tiously say to those States who do establish it,
and within whose jurisdiction it is, "Take care of
it yourselves. If you do anything else you will
complicate the question, and it will get to he worse
than the web which Penelope undertook to un-
ravel every night, and nobody will know where
or when it will end."
When the President undertakes to put any of
the institutions of South Carolina under his order
of bankruptcy, he will find himself brought up
with a short turn. A bankrupt law has no more
to do with an institution of a State than it has to
do with anything m Venice. It can act upon per-
sons,and it may possibly aet upon legal persons;
but it cannot be made special; it must be uniform
in its operation. I believe that I read in 1841 the
sentence of Judge Marshall to which I have re-
ferred, and 1 have never seen the book since. It
occurred m a decision 011 a conflict of jurisdiction
between the State of Maryland and the Bank of
the United States. All I read of it was that single
sentence, and I shall never forget it. That is the
only decision, or part of one, that I ever read in
my life, except the recent Dred Scott decision. I
satisfied myself how the case was decided, with-
out reading the whole opinion of Judge Marshall.
I knew the result would be that the Bank of the
United States, established in Maryland, did not
exist there by the authority of Maryland; was
not introduced there by the permission of Mary-
land; and that, therefore, Maryland had nothing
to do with it. So it ought to be in regard to the
complicated questions we are discussing at this
time. If slavery exists in Kansas, or anywhere
else, by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States, we can control it; but I say it does not
exist anywhere by the proper vigor of that in-
strument. It existed in some of the States when
that instrument was made, and it has been ex-
tended under the jurisdiction of different States,
and we have nothing to do with it.
I say that the bankrupt law suggested by the
President, and the other measures which he has
intimated as the means of extricating us from our
present difficulties, arc entirely inadequate, and
rather calculated to do evil than good. I have no
kind of doubt that a bank funded as the Bank of
England is, and as many banks in this country
are—a national institution, with Government se-
curities as the basis of the circulation, to a cer-
tain extent, and coin for the remainder—could be
made without any constitutional objection, and
without affecting anybody's feelings, or his past
opinions.
As reference lias been made to the new charter
of the Bank of England, it may not be improper
for me to say that the new feature of that charter,
requiring a certain proportion of coin, came from a
distinguished American statesman who has often
graced the halls of the Senate, and who prepared
a plan of currency while he was in another de-
partment of the Government.
When I was told this feature would be in-
grafted, I expressed the opinion, and it has turned
out since to be true, that the first time England
lacked corn the bank would break, for hunger
will go through a stone wall; no matter how many
regulations you may have ill bank charters, you
, cannot stop it. That was the cause of the bank
I suspension here in 1837. It is a remarkable fact,
which I suppose will hardly be believed twenty
years hence, that in 1837 our wheat crop failed,
and we imported ten million dollars worth of
j wheat to feed us. That, with other causes of
drain on the bank vaults, produced the suspen-
sion. There were other reasons for it. The
Government that year had forty-five or fifty mil-
lion dollars deposited in the deposit banks. After
! allowing any bank to take the deposits on giving
a little interest for them, a law was passed dis-
! tributing the money of the Treasury among the
' States. Both these measures were operating to-
• gether;and just before, we were importing grain.
\ If this was not enough to break the banks, I do
\ not know what could do it. It was not the tariff,
i as my friend from New York might suppose; but
i the cause was over importation. I know that the
j compromise tariff of 1833 created great division
j of sentiment among friends; but from the time of
its inception and passage here until it expired, I
was always its advocate. I never believed we
wanted very high rates of duty. The revulsion
which took place in 1834 had 110 more to do
with the tariff of 1832 than the Doge has to do
with what is going on in Venice to-day. That
revulsion was produced by aquarrel between the
I Bank of the United States and the Government.
[ The adjustment created by the compromise tariff
; of 1833 did not take effect till January 1, 1834,
1 and it did not cause the revulsion of 1834. J have
| known a great many of the tariff presses and
| speakers of the country attribute all our disasters
; to that abominable bill which reduced the duties
1 so low; but I have never yet seen the man who
; could tell me what were the duties on the leading
' articles of imports protected by the tariff of 1839
; and reduced by the compromise in the years when
- we had the revulsions.
I I know that the Senator from New York will
' not imagine that I am saying anything against
! him, for I do not believe there is any man living
! who has done more than he to exalt the just fame
| of the author of that tariff, [Henry Clay.] He
| loved him as I did. When this Administration
' shall have wasted all these husks of party, which
can give no relief to the country, I hope they
will do as the prodigal did of old when he had
spent all—return to the house of their fat hers. Let
them do this, and we will wclcome them. Let us
go back to the point whence we started when we
commenced the contest for the preservation of our
own industry against the pauper labor of Europe.
I do not ask thatyou shall do this by high duties.
I will say to the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
(if the distinguished Senator from Virginia is
entitled to that appellation here,) that, if he will
ascertain the probable amount of exports and
imports of the United States for the next five or
six years, and tell us the amount of revenue he
desires to raise, and if he will spread the duties
uniformly over such articles as compete with our
own productions, I will go for such a bill, provided
it has a clause in it to prevent frauds on the rev-
enue. 1 believe that since the author of the tariff
of 1846 left the Treasury Department, 110 man
has filled it who has not called the attention of
Congress to the almost invariable practice of fraud
in the importations. Mr. Guthrie, in every report
of his, I believe, called the attention of Congress
to the necessity of some measnre-^Wevent fraud-
ulent undervaluations of imports, "This is an im-
portant matter for honest merchants, and every
patriotic man ought to desire some improvement
for the sake of the morals of the country. Do wo
not know that the business of importing textile
fabrics, in the valuation of which the most fraud
can be practiced upon the Government, is now in
the hands of foreigners, who have driven from the
trade the honest American importer?
If the Senator from Virginia had, two years
ago, devoted as much industry to the perfection
0? measures to protect this Government from
fraud,.as he devotes now to getting us over this
hard place in the finances, he would never have
had any revulsion; there would have been no sus-
pension of specie payment; he would have had
no cause to call 011 us to resort to this doubtful
mode of replenishing the Treasury. I am told
that the last Secretary of the Treasury said that
the English and German manufacturers of the
fooleries which our people buy to such an extent,
import them at about half the legal rate of duties.
Wc now export about $300,000,000 worth of
produce, and import $400,000,000. They get
$300,000,000 worth of raw materials from us, such
as they want. They send us $400,000,000 worth
of goods, and we must pay them the difference.
They take $50,000,000 in gold and silver, the
products of our mines. They take §25,000,000
m pretty good State stocks, and they take the
further §25,000,000 in anything we may have to
offer—railroad bonds, mortgages, or anything
else. For they defraud the Government to about
the amount of this last $25,000,000. I lament
this condition of things.
If I had time I would illustrate my views as to
the relation of debtor and creditor, to which I have
already alluded. The principal importing city in
the country is the center of its monetary system.
That is the place where the exchanges are carried
on between this country and foreign countries.
Necessarily, in its ambition to be the sole point
i for exchanges, it is always tending to increase the
| facilities for importation and exportation. Rail-
1 roads are built, from New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and Boston, as rivals for the foreign
trade. The people of these cities pay a good deal
of money towards making the roads, the western
people pay a little, and the rest is obtained by
making a parcel of paper kites for Wail street to
buffet about and make money out of. There are
fifty-eight banks in New York city,and they are
calledupon to furnish the means necessary to carry
011 the importations. If I were a manufacturer in .
| England or Germany, and shipped $1,000,000
1 worth of goodsto New York in the year, I would
i take in return 50,000 in produce, as much as
! I could get 111 com, which would be about one
| eighth, as much as 1 could get in State stocks,
' and then I would take the balance in shmplasters.
j I would not break down the market, because I
! should wish to make a profit. The only reason
j why an honest man cannot be an importer now
is, that he will be cut under in the valuation by
the German Jews.
During this revulsion, I have seen some very
patronizing letters from the President of the Bank
of Commerce, in New York, to a Boston banker,
trying to get the Boston banks to shorten the tims
