1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
subject of slavery the cause of dissension. Of
the dissension itself it is not so much the cause,
for we seldom come to a question that calls upon
us to act on the subject. Now, if we were through
with this petty Kansas affair, what a summersea
of boundless expanse lies before us, where there
is nothing but repose. There is no other terri-
tory that you can dispute about in my lifetime,
or the lifetime of any man here. This is the last
point oil which a controversy can piobably be
made. We went through many difficulties on this
subject before the Missouri compromise, but, on
other occasions, the question has presented it-
self with practical consequences. Now we have
reached the last of it, the least of it. Let us settle
this matter in peace; let us settle it in good tem-
per; and I see nothing before us buta long period
of repose, and, I hope, of mutual conciliation. Of
one thing I am certain, that crimination and re-
crimination between the Worth andtheSouth, the
getting up and maintaining of sectional feeling,
sectional passion, sectional prejudices, can do no
good to any section; and there is not one Senator
here who does not recognize and feel all this as
much as I do. I am certain of it.
My vote on this subject, sir, has nothing sec-
tional in it. The difficulty I have really in voting
is, that this is regarded by some as a sectional
question; and I am on one side of that section,
and I am voting for the other side of it, if we
divide on it as a sectional question. Now, I do
not regard it as a sectional question. My alle-
giance is not to any particular section. I do not
want to know any such thing as a section in my
conduct ijere. I want to be governed by a consti-
tutional spirit, and a constitutional and a just
principle, in all I do, no matter whether it relates
to the North or to the South. I do not want to
increase the sectionality which exists in the coun-
try by placing myself or my vote upon it so far
as regards this question. I want to wipe out that
sectionalism. I wish that no one here would vote
upon it as a sectional question. I do not. I vote
upon it as a Senator of the United States of Amer-
ica. That is my country, and my great country.
The Constitution of the United States intended to
wipe out all these lines of division and section-
alism. It is we, we, that disturb our own Union.
It is we that make sections; it is we that make
sectional lines to divide and distract the coun-
try, whose Constitution, whose present interest,
whose future hopes, all tend to unite us.
There are some doctrines which have been ad-
vanced here with which I disagree, and upon which
I will briefly express my views. Some gentlemen
have argued, and they have the high authority of
the President to sustain them, that the Kansas-
Nebraska act gave all the authority that is usu-
ally conferred by what is called an enabling act
on the people of a Territory. I never considered
it so. I do not believe it is to be considered so.
Some gentlemen, on the other hand, maintain that, j
under the Kansas-Nebraska act, the convention
were bound to submit the constitution to the peo-
ple for the popular suffrage; indeed, that it is the
right of the people to have every convention sub-
mit every constitution to them. I do not agree
to that doctrine. The people are too sovereign to
be required to do that. They can confer upon
a convention the power to make a constitution
that shall be good without reference to any other
power. The sovereignty over the Territory is in
this Government. It belongs to the people of the
United States, one and all.- The people of the
States own it; and they are the real sovereigns
of the Territory, and we as their representatives.
They liavo^no more power in the Territory than ;
we give. They have no government but what we
give. It is not in the nature of things that they
should have. AH squatter sovereignties, and sov-
ereignties of ail soits, vanish before the sover-
eignty of the people of the United States.
Out the President says, in reference to this
Kansas constitution, that, although it contains a !
provision that after 1864 a convention may be j
called to change it, the people can, nevertheless, j
change it before that time. That is to say, the !
people, by their irresistible power, can at any j
time, notwithstanding the provisions of their con- j
stitution to the contrary, change it as they please, i
Sir, this is a very high authority, the President i
of the United States; but itis,in my humble judg- j
went, a very dangeious doctrine and a very tin- i
true one. The people cannot bind themselves by !
a constitution 1 I thought that was one of the
great virtues and purposes of a constitution. We
admit them to be sovereign. Why cannot they
make what sort of a constitution they please?
The constitution which sovereignty makes, in all
its parts and in all its purposes, must be the rule
of conduct for all. It can not be abolished, except
in the manner prescribed and pointed out in the
constitution itself, if any manner is prescribed.
If the President's doctrine on this subject be
true, what becomes of the Constitution of the
United States ? Instead of following the mode of
amendment prescribed in the Constitution, the
people, by their irresistible power, may in any
other manner at any time change the whole frame
of our Government. There is not a State consti-
tution in the Union that does not impose some
restraint asto the manner of change. What would
a constitution be if it were just as liable to change
as any ordinary act of the Legislature? It would
lose its character. Those who talk to the people
about the unlimited and illimitable power they
possess are teaching a dangerous doctrine. That
is a sort of sovereignty which the people cannot
exercise. It may be made very flattering to their
ears, but it is impracticable in the nature of things.
It cannot be exercised at all. The people must ex-
ercise their sovereignty through agencies. They
must exercise it through representatives and gov-
ernments; they must exercise it safely through
constitutions. If they could not make constitu-
tions bind themselves their sovereignty never
would be safe. If it were not invested in the con-
stitution, it would be constantly escaping into the
hands of some of those gentlemen who could talk
most eloquently to the people about their irresist-
ible sovereignty. That would be the end of that
sort of sovereignty in the people.
_ The people must understand that their sover-
eignty, their practical sovereignty, is to be exer-
cised through representatives apd delegates, over
whom they are to bold the proper control; and to
hold that control, and to fix anu make permanent
and operative their sovereignty, they must put it
in the form of a constitution. That is the only
security for popular sovereignty. Therein it ex-
ists, and therein alone can it exist. It is not true
that the people cannot bind themselves, and are
not bound, by the restrictions of their constitu-
tion. They may rebel against their own consti-
tution; they may violate their own law and con-
stitution, just as they could violate the law or
constitution of any other people; but it does not
follow that, because they could do that, they have
not created a political obligation on themselves by
a constitution, only to amend that instrument in
the guarded, temperate, gradual method which the
constitution may have provided for and prescribed.
Sir, 1 am sorry to have occupied the time of the
Senate so long. I can say, wall the President of
the United States, that on this important occasion
I have endeavored to do my duty, with a full
sense of my responsibility to'my God and to my
country. Under the conviction that the best
results to be obtained under the present circum-
stances, unless some material amendment can be
made to the bill, will be attained by rejecting this
constitution, I shall give my vote against it; but
so anxious am I to conclude this subject, that I in-
tend, before it is finally acted upon by the Senate,
to propose an amendment. This would not be
the proper time to offer it; I am not prepared now
to offer it; but the effect of it will be to admit
Kansas into the Union upon condition that this
constitution of hers be submitted to a fair vote of
I the qualified electoi.-i of Kansas, to be ratified by
them; and if so ratified, the President, on inform-
ation of the fact, shall proclaim it a State of the
Union without further proceedings; and, if it be
not ratified, to have a new constitutional conven-
tion convened. My amendment will be an en-
abling act in effect, but admitting Kansas for the
present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr, President, after the
very eloquent and conclusive speech of the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] with the most of whose remarks I heartily
concur, and after the exhibition which he has
given of the iniquity of the constitution that is
sought to be forced upon the people of Kansas,
this would seem to be the most appropriate time
to take the vote. It would seem that no person
could have listened to the detail of facts given by
him, to his statement of the management that was
resorted to for the purpose of adopting this con-
stitution and forcing it upon the people of Kansa.-s-
under color of the forms of law, without bein-;
| satisfied that it was an iniquitous and infamous
thing, that ought not to receive the approbation
of any fair minded man in any portion of th s
Union. I rejoice that we have had such a speech
from such aquarter. I believe it is only neeof -
Suryc,that ''''s ?l,6St'0n should he understood i (
the South to bring up from that section an oppo-
sition to the Lecompton iniquity almost as unan-
imous as that which we have in the North. It i,s
because this matter has been mixed up with th ;
slavery question, it is because the cry of abolition
lias been raised against those who have exposed
these iniquities, that they have found advocate.^
in any portion of the country. I think the re-
marks of the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky will do great good. I hope they will bo
extensively read. If they are, I have no fear o'
the result with the people of this country, Nortii
or South. There is too much honesty in the South,
and just as much there, I admit, as in the North
—there is too much* honesty among our peopl >.
everywhere, knowingly to wish to deprive any
people of self-government, or to force upon any
State a constitution obnoxious to a majority of
its people.
But, sir, although this question may seem so
clear to the impartial listener to the masterly ex-
position of the Senator from Kentucky, the meat-
ure has many advocates on the opposite side of tin:
Chamber, and it is sought to be consummated bv
the aid of the power and patronage of this Gov-
ernment. Iniquitous as it is, there are those—-
and, I am sorry to say, a powerful and a numer-
ous party — in the country who are seeking t<<
force this instrument on the people of Kansas,
and to cause the bill now pending to be enacted
into a law. Therefore it is that 1 feel at liberty,
and deem it to be my duty, to state my objection:)
to this constitution, and the reasons which gov-
ern me in opposing the admission of Kansas into
the Union under it; although in doing this, I shall
necessarily have to restate much that has been
better said than I can hope to state it.
It is admitted that we are in the midst of a great
excitcment. It is admitted that a question is
pending before us which threatens the peace and
the harmony of the Union. Upon the one sido
it is said that if this constitution he accepted by
Congress, there will be resistance to it in Kansas;
a civil war will follow which may extend to other
portions of the Union,and involve all the States in
a conflict before it is over, leading to a destruction
of the Government itself. Upon the other side it
is said, and we know that certain Legislatures in
the southern States have adopted resolutions to
the cffect, that if it does not pass, conventions are
to be called to take steps preparatory to a dis-
memberment of the Union. Here, in the Senate,
we have seen that the Kansas question is of such
vast importance that everything else is laid aside
for its consideration. No other business affecting
! the interests of the Government can receive our
' attention until this is disposed of.
I Now, sir, what has brought us to this condi-
! tion of things? What is the origin of this difii-
! culty? We should know the occasion, the cause
! of the mischief, before we undertake to provide
a remedy. Doubtless the slavery question lies at
the bottom of this difficulty; and, but for it, I ap-
prehend there would be no considerable party in
the country advocating the admission of Kansas
into the Union under this constitution. But the
immediate cause of our trouble arises out of the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act in
which repealed the Missouri compromise. In my
discussion of this subject, I do not propose to go
further back than 1850. I go back to that period,
and trace the history of tlie Kansas-Nebraska aci,
not for the purpose of reproaching those who
were instrumental inits passage—that matter has
gone by—but for the purpose of showing the
correctness of tile position which 1 occupy; and
I shall be exceedingly glad, if, in the contest
which is now raging, we can have the assistance
of any or of all of those who were in favor of
the Kansas-Nebraska act.
What was the policy adopted in 1S50? It was
non-intervention; that is, that Congress wouid
not interfere with the subject of slavery in the
Territories, for no one over contended that ■Con-
gress had authority to interfere with that suhjei t
