1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
218S"
that loses the whole provision. I do not see it.
I have unwillingly given votes here sometimes,
on the idea that the House of Representatives will
not do right. I cannot believe that the House of
Representatives, after having voted extra com-
pensation for the past and present session of Con-
gress to its own reporters, will refuse it to ours;
but there is no propriety in paying extra compen-
sation for services not yet rendered. What be-
comes of the argument of the Senator from Lou-
isiana, that we are to look upon these reporters
as a merchant would upon a faithful clerk, to
whom he feels at liberty to make presents at the
end of his term of service, for the faithfulness
with which he has discharged his duties? Here
we are giving this money m advance for another
session. It seems to me, that if that is the only
way to get at it, it would be better for the Senate
to reconsider, and put into this bill simply an ap-
propriation placing our reporters upon the same
footing as the reporters of the House have been
placed upon by ourown vote, and there leave the
matter.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
The mo'tion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to strike out the whole.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. 1 have paired off with my col-
league [Mr. Pugh] on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Clay, Chngman, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Hammond, Hendeison, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arl^msas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Polk, ltice, ShdellTToombs, Trumbull, and Yulee
—90.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderiek,
Brown, Chandler, Clark. Collumer, Dixon, Doohulc, Dur-
kee, Fcs.^enden, Foot, Foster, Green, Hamhn, Harlan,
Houston, Jone?, Kennedy, King,Mallory, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Wilson, and
Wright—31.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVlS. I offer an amendment in pnge. 22,
line five hundred and twenty-nine, to strike out
" two" and insert " four," and add after the word
" dollars," in line five hundred and thirty, the
words, ii and the clerkship of class three, already
authorized by law for said office, shall hereafter
be of class four;"so that the clause will then read:
Eor compensation of the clerks and messenaeis in the of-
fice of the chief engineer, $8,440; and the clerkship of cla<s
three, already authorized by law forsaid office, s^hall, here-
after, be of class four.
This is a proposition not to increase the num-
ber of clerks, but to raise a clerk, now of class
three, to class four; a man of varied acquirements
and very greatusefulness in the Department, and
who has been for thirty years a faiilifu and efficient
servant of the public. It is recommended by the
Department especially; and the justice of increas-
ing the salary of this clerk &20U is urged by the
chief of the bureau to which he belongs, and by
the head of the engineer corps. I think, upon
every principle of equity and policy, the increase
of that clerk's salary should be made in the man-
ner now proposed.
Mr. HUNTER. I will simply state that there
were various propositions before the Committee
on Finance to raise clerks from one rate of salary
to another, and some to add cletks, on none of
winch the Committee on Finance agreed. They
thought this was no time to be increasing salaries,
or adding to the clerical force.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer another amend-
ment, in line five hundred and seventy-four, after
the word " dollars," to insert:
And the compensation of the superintendent may be al-
lowed to the ciei k who has pel formed, oi may hereafter per-
form, the duties of that office, the allowance to be made to
such superintendent, with Ins salai y, not to exceed $2,000.
So that the clause will read:
For the general purposes of the building, corncr of F and
Seventeenth streets, for compensation or supeimtondont,
for watchmen, and twolaboreis foi said building. £*3,850;
and the compensation of the supennlcndent may be allowed
to the clerk who has peifoimed, or may hereatter perfoim,
the duties of that office, the allowance to be matfe to such
superintendent, with his salary as clerk, not to exceed
$2,000.
The money is appropriated in the bill as it
stands. The amendment does not increase the
appropriation a dollar. It has been for years ap-
propriated in the same form as in the bill origin-
ally, and the money has been used to pay for the
services described in the amendment; but recently
the Comptroller has put a construction upon the
law different from that of his predecessor. This
declaration of what the law is becomes necessary
for the settlement of the accounts of this officer, as
well as to allow the small sum which is paid to
him for the performance of this particular duty.
It does not increase the appropriation at all, and
does not vary it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the word " seventy," in line one hun-
dred and twenty-nine, was stricken out, and
" fifty" inserted in place of it. I make the mo-
tion more for the purpose of correcting a little bit
of history which I think is important, than for
any other purpose. When the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] moved that amendment, I
interposed and stated that the price paid by us at
the last session of Congress for binding the Con-
gressional Globe was sixty cents. Two or three
Senators said no, it was fifty. My recollection
was not precisely accurate, but I had a general
recollection that I was right. Since that, I have
consulted the law which 1 have before me, and I
find that the precise sum paid was sixty-three
cents. The reason for its being put at that sum
was this: the House was paying seventy cents
for binding the Congressional Globe; ours was
done by contract; the publisher had nothing to do
with it; and the result was, as I showed at the
time, that the sheets were confused, put in at the
wrong place, and the binding was wretchedly
done, so that the books were falling to pieces al-
most by the time you got them.
Then there was an inquiry, I will say to my
friend from Georgia, as to what the work could
be done for without piofit. It was ascertained
that it could be done in the style of the volumes
I hold in my hand for sixty-three cents, and pay
no profit. Now you propose to reduce it to fifty
cents. You can have binding doneat fifty cents; I
dare say you can have a book bound with what I
believe they call Russia backs and covcrs for fifty
cents, and the volume will fall to pieces the mo-
ment you take the wrappers off. You can have
tolerably good binding done in muslin at fifty
cents; but if you want to have it done as this
volume is done, you cannot have it done for less
than sixty-three cents, and pay no profit. I am
not asked to make this motion, and with this ex-
planation I mean to withdraw it when I have done.
But I wantSenators to take note, that during this
session of Congress, when you get your Con-
gressional Globes, you get them with sheets left
out, sheets misplaced, the binding wretchedly
done, so that the index amounts to nothing; and,
if you ask the publisher about it, he charges it
on the binder; and, if you inquire of the binder,
he charges it again on the publisher. A valuable
work that costs a large sum of money is thus de-
stroyed for the purpose of saving a fe-W cents.
Mr. Rives tells me he does not want this binding
even at that price; he does not ask it; he does not
ask me to make this motion; but having inquired
into this matter formerly, I think the reduction
was unwisely and improperly made; but if I in-
sist on this motion, I shall be charged with try-
ing to serve somebody out of doois. I only
wanted to give notice to the Senate that this sav-
ing of thirteen cents oil the volume will result as
it did before in giving you a badly-bound book,
and with the sheets so discomposed that your in-
dex will not amount to anything. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I aminstructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to offer the following amend-
ment, to come after line seven hururfed and fifty-
seven, at the end of the appropriation for salaries
for the Attorney General and tbCcleiksand mes-
senger in his office: ^
Provided, That the Attorney General shall have the
powc., in place of the cleiks new employed m his office, to
appoint two assistant. counsel, with a salary to eacl^of
S'3,000; and two clerks, with a salary of $ 1,600 each.
The. amendment is reported by tlie_Committee
on the Judiciary upon the application of the At-
torney General, with a view to the reorganization
of the force now in his office. It does not involve
the cost of a dollar more than we now pay. The
ditference will be that, instead of having a greater
number of clerks, who are not competent to per-
form the duties of the office, we shall substitute a
smaller number, and authorize a rate of compensa-
tion to two of that number which will secure per-
sons competent really to afford proper assistance.
We propose to create no new office, but simply to
provide that two of the official force shall be called
assistant counsel; and the reason of it is very ap-
parent. The grade of men necessary to perform
the duties of the Attorney General s office effi-
ciently, and availably for the country, cannot be
obtained as mere clerks, or at the compensation of
clerks; but you can obtain it without increasing
the expense, and by diminishing the force in the
mode mentioned in the amendment. ■ The Attor-
ney General has had great additional labor thrown
on him from the modem custom of referring al-
most every question that arises in the Depart-
ments for his opinion; and there has also been a
great increase of the business of the United States
in the Sup'reme Court. I think~it is a reason-
able request 011 his part. The committee have
approved of it, and as the amendment creates no
new office and no additional expense, I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I think this is the germ of a
very large and dangerous increase of the Federal
patronage. It is a proposition, in effect, to give
the Attorney General two assistants. 1 believe
the policy of giving assistants to the heads of De-
partments is all wrong. The effect of it is to divide
and impair responsibility; to take from the heads
of Departments those duties which they, above
all other men, ought to perform. We commenced
with the Treasyryand State Departments: and
probably there was more reason for it in the Treas-
ury Department than in any other; but, having
commenced with those Departments, it is now
proposed to give two assistants to the Attorney
General. If we adopt this amendment, the effect
will be that we shall be called upon to give assist-
ants in every other Department, the Interior,
War, and Navy; and soon we shall have the
comptrollers and heads of bureaus coming' here
and saying they ought to have assistants no.
This policy will be extended, inevitably, if wt;
commence with it. I doubt whether it ought ever
to have been adopted in regaid to the State or
Treasury Departments; certainly it should not
extend beyond those Departments.
Butweshall be told, perhaps, that these officers
are not designed as technicallyAssistant Attorneys
General, but merely Clerks of a higher order. If
we take it in that point of view, here is an attempt
to create another class of clerks—$3,000 clerks;
and soon you will have a large number of them.
It- is proposed to add another to the existing class
of clerkships, unless you take the other horn of
the dilemma, and admit that it is at once a prop-
osition to have two Assistant Attorneys General.
The whole effect of the system of appointing as-
sistants for heads of Departments is, that we re- «
lieve them ofthe very labor which it was designed
they sltould undergo and execute; and it seems to
me that, of all the Departments, that of the Attor-
ney General is less entitled to it than any other.
Sir, if you want to relieve the Departments of
the labors and difficulties which devolve 011 them,
you should begin at the other end and provide for
them a more efficient corps by making it a matter
of law that they shall promote the clerks so as to
reward merit, and to enable those who are de-
serving to obtain the rewards of their labor. Do
that, and keep in those heads of bureaus who have
shown themselves to be efficient and capable, and
the business will assume such a shape and form
that 110 head of a Department will have half the
trouble or half the labor he now has. That is the
point at which to commence, and I would to-
morrow vote for a law forcing them to promote the
clerks from one class to the class above it, when
they prove themselves to have been efficient and
capable, and can show upon examination that
they are able to fill the higher class of clerkships
to which they would be promoted. If something
of that sort were done, we should have a more
efficient machinery in all the Departments; but
until you do it, it is perfectly idle to attempt to
relieve the heads of Departments by inci easing the
officers who have high salaries. Get more intel-
ligent and efficient clerks; get more experienced
and able officers in the different bureaus—not that
1 mean to disparage those gentlemen who are now
there; but I mean, adopt a system which will give
you permanently more experienced and abler men
in these bureaus, and the heads of Departments
will not have half the trouble, fewer cades will
