1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
as a matter of course, that the majority will not
grant any of the terms the minority asks.
Mr. PESSENDEN. We do not ask it now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Or that the minority may
propose, I take it for granted, now. This is my
point—a mere point of argument, the Senator will
understand me—that the majority is determined
to sit out this question until it is closed. The Sen-
ator says he wants to go to the country on it. My
question is simply a parliamentary question in
what way he proposes to go to the country upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh; I was answering the
suggestion of the Senator that here was a question
of a revolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly. So I think.
Mr. PESSENDEN. A. revolution that had
commenced; and necessarily, if a revolution has
commenced, the majority of the Senate take what
course they see fit to take, and the question would
arise for the people of this country to settle by
and by who were right and who were wrong 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Whether we demanded
too much, or whether the majority exacted too
much. That is all. Now, as to what we propose
to do, I will answer the Senator.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the majority chooses
to accede to the idea of the honorable Senator and
go out of the Chamber, and leave the minority in
possession of it, the minority will adjourn the
Senate until to-morrow morning at twelve o 'clock,
the regular hour of meeting; and when that time
comes they will appear here, and being convened
—if the majority comes so as to make a quorum—
we shall be able to go along and do the business
of the country as well as we can. If the majority
do not choose to come, I do not know whether
we shall have any power to compel their attend-
ance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator still does not
understand me. I say, suppose the majority con-
tinue their present course—not what I suggested,
but just what has been going on all night—what
then is the remedy the minority propose ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We propose no remedy
at all. We leave the majority to find the remedy
themselves, whether they will take the remedy
suggested by the Senator from Louisiana or some
other. We were notified substantially by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia that this was a ques-
tion of physical endurance. We have accepted
that challenge so far as that was concerncd, and
the .battle seems now to be going on. For my
part, I do not feel disposed to shrink from it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I wish to place
this matter right by some few observations on the
motion that is before the Senate, and I want to
put the Senator from New Hampshire right. I
think his history is entirely wrong. I was a mem-
ber of Congress at the time when the question to
which he alludes was debated. Gentlemen ob-
ject that we are sitting all night on this question.
I have known that to be done twenty times since
I have been a member. Debating questions at
night is'the ordinary parliamentary mode, except
with the present Black Republicans. They are
the only people who will not discuss at night that
I have met here, and I have been here thirteen
years. 1 have never known a bill of this kind, or
any of its cognate questions, that was disposed
of without a debate at night. I have never known
an important vote taken on questions connected
with slavery, at least without a night session.
The idea of physical endurance, as it is termed,
is all the time presented to us. The minority will
not permit any legislation without some difficul-
ties; they have never permitted itsince I have been
a member of the body. The only pretense of
complaint of the Republican party here is that
you will not let them discuss the matter. When
such efforts as these have been made in the other
House, it has been charged there that the major-
ity wanted to take the minority by surprise, or
that one party sought to take a vote in the casual
absence of a portion of the majority, or that they
were attempting to break down the right of de-
bate. Here unlimited debate is offered. The Op-
position say they will not debate the question;
they will debate anything else; they will debate
physical endurance; they will debate putting it
off until to-morrow; but they will not debate the
question. The point is not that we will not give
them time, for we offer them just as much as they
want; but they say wo must give them time to
talk in what they choose to call regular, usual,
reasonable hours. I should like to know what are
the usual hours. From one o'clock to four ? The
declaration is made that no other public business
can be done until we allow them to deliver the
number of speeches they tell us about, within
what they call the usual hours ? The House of
Representatives, and every other legislative body
that I have known in modern times, has had a
power in the hands of the majority, whenever
they are satisfied with the argument, to take the
question. It is a new idea, it is the idea of the
Republican party that this Hall is a conduit pipe
in order to spirt their speeches upon the public.
It does not belong to parliamentary law; for is
all parliamentary bodies, when the majority are
satisfied, they have the means of taking the vote.
Are there any higher rights of debate here than
in the House of Representatives? Has not that
House the means of stopping debate perempto-
rily, in a moment ? Did not the Republican party,
when they had the power in that House during
the last Congress, exercise the right given by the
rules to stop debate? Have not their opponents
exercised it? Has it not been adjudged by both
parties in the country, for the last fifteen years,
that this power of a majority is a rightful and
proper power? Everybody but the Senate has
deemed such a power necessary. The House of
Representatives has gone further, and instead of
allowing a speech of two days, as we do, has pro-
vided that no speech shall exceed one hour; and
I believe that is as old a rule as the time of De-
mosthenes. That great popular assembly, the
immediate representatives of the people, have put
this restriction on themselves, and it has become
American common law, sanctioned by all legisla-
tive bodies, that debate shall be restricted to one
hour to those who speak; and that the very in-
stant the majority of the House says debate ought
to stop, it shall stop. The House of Represent-
atives applies the previous question for that pur-
pose; and even when a measure is pending in
Committee of the Whole, a majority can take it
out. These gentlemen are now availing them-
selves of the fact that the Senate of the United
States, from 1789 until this time, has been com-
posed of gentlemen who acknowledged the right i
of a majority charged with the public business to ;
discharge it, and has therefoie had no previous ^
question. This is an omission that grew up some- |
what like the fact related in Roman history, that ,
there was no law in Rome for centuries against j
parricide; for it was a crime so horrible that it
was not supposed to be possible. Debate has
been unrestricted here, and no coercive measures
of the majority have been passed in this body,
on the same great principle that it was supposed
the representatives of the sovereign States of this
Union were incapable of arresting this legitimate
power, this necessary power, of the majority,
exercised by all bodies, and by more numerous
bodies, with positive restricted rules.
Now, I come back to the question. As I stated
when I was up once before, we commenced this
debate on the 9th day of December. From that
time to this, everybody has spoken on this ques-
tion who desired to speak. This bill has now
been directly before the Senate for one whole
month, less three days. It has been continually
urged by the majority. The minority voted
against making it a special order at an early day.
I recollect very well that when it was proposed
to make it the special order for the Thursday suc-
ceeding its introduction the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer] insisted on its going over
until Monday. They delayed the taking it up;
they delayed the time of acting on it; they ad-
journed soon, whenever it could be done; they
adjourned from Thursday to Monday; and now
they come to us and say," we will go to the coun-
try on this question." Three months, the ordi-
nary duration of the short session of Congress,
have been open to them. They have not been
restricted in debate. The popular branch restrains
every speech to an hour, and the majority there
has absolute power to close the debate on any
question whenever they please, ihis principle
is acknowledged by all the parties which have
been uppermost in this body since the foundation
of the Government. I believe the previous ques-
tion existed in the House of Representatives from
the beginning, but it was not much enforced un-
til twenty orthirtyyearsago. Thehourrule was
adopted in 1841; and the rule allowing a bill to
be taken out of Committee of the Whole about
1845, or 1846—since my connection with the pub-
lic service. The right of thirty, or forty, or fifty
Senators to speak on a subject does not exist, and
it ought never to be granted. It is impossible that
the public business can go on with such a state
of things. If gentlemen desire to address their
constituents it should be done in another form.
Bills, measures before us, should be discussed
here. We all know to what this will lead.
As to the remedy, I do not agree with my friend
from Louisiana; but I say that the Senate should
do no other business;and for that purpose I shall
move, if I can get the concurrence of my own
friends, that this bill lie on the table, and nothing
be done until the business of the House is put in
the power of the majority by the previous ques-
tion. That is the first, the last, and the only busi-
ness this House should do until they get control
of the business of the country. That is my judg-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no disposition to pro-
long this debate; but inasmuch as I was absent,
and there seems to be some reflection cast on those
who were absent and left the Senate without a
quorum, I wish to make a suggestion. This mat-
ter has now assumed a different aspect; and the
majority of the Senate desire, as I understand the
explanation of the Senator from Louisiana, to put
the case before the country—alluding, I suppose,
to those who happened to b'e absent from physical^
necessity. He proposes to raise the question in
the Senate, and suggests to the majority of the
Senate to commence\he business of revolution in
this country by leaving this body without a quo-
rum. It is well known that the majority party in
the Senate is unusually large; they have two to
our one. I had supposed that there was a sort of
tacit understanding that we should sit six hours
a day; and the Senator fro,m Texas proposed that
we should begin our daily sessions hereafter at
eleven o'clock, and that was laid over. At the
hour of six o'clock, last evening, when I had sat
here six hours, I proposed an adjournment, sup-
posing that was the understanding of the majority.
It was refused. Having put myself under the
care of a physician, I had to submit to his rules;
and although I wanted to stay here as long as en-
durance would permit, I had to leave the Senate
Chamber. When I came back at the request of
the Senate I was ready to give my excuse, but
the Senator from Louisiana voted down a propo-
sition to enable me to do so. I voted not to iay
these motions on the table, because I desired to
make an excuse to the Senate.
The Senator from Louisiana now proposes to
the forty-odd members of this body composing
the majority, to withdraw and leave the respons-
ibility on the minority. That is a most singular
proposition to go before this country upon. The
friends of the Administration in power have two
thirds of the Senate; and unless they can have
their own way about transacting the business of
the Senate, they propose to leave the body with-
out a quorum, pretending at the same time that
the minority are revolutionary in their conduct
because some of us are too sick to stay here to
undergo a trial of physical endurance, when they
can outvote us and half of them asleep 1
Sir, I do not choose to submit to the imputa-
tion of being disposed to be factious when I leave
here from mere physical inability to remain. I
make no factious opposition in this body, or in
any other body. It I had known that the rule of
the Senate required it, I should liane felt it my
duty to ask leave of absence from the Senate
while I could take the necessary rest to secure my
health. I shall do that hereafter. No man in
this body, no man m this country, shall ever have
an opportunity to make such an imputation upon
me as that I undertook to break down the delib-
erate action of this body. If men caucus, and
choose to try a contest of physical endurance here,
let the responsibility be with them, not with me.
I never did such a thing in my life, and I never
will do it.
