1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
securities for gold and silver, and use that, then it
may be nccessary for them, when bargaining for
money, for ail I know, to g:ve a little interest. I
will say nothing at all, theiefore, about the inter-
est; but express my hope that the Secretary of
the Treasury will put a mere nominal rate of in-
terest, if any, on these notes.
As I said, I shall vote for this bill, and for the
whole amount of it. We are told it may all be
necessary. As I said before, I think it a very
delusive and dangerous and tempting sort of sup-
ply. It presents a very singular spectacle, that
after the great commercial and monetary crisis
through which we have passed, just at the mo-
ment when the banks every where are resuming
specie payment, the Government is suspending
specie payment. But, sir, there is no arguing
with the necessities of the case. The Government
must go on, and we must supply the means. It is
under this sense of obligation and necessity that
I shall give my vote for this bill and for the whole
amount asked. They will not use it if thev have
revenue derived from the regular sources sufficient
to meet the expenses of the Government. It
would be a criminal abuse of the confidence of
the public to have money lying in the Treasury,
and yet use Treasury notes in the place of the
money. 1 do not fear the abuse of the trust, for
-there can be no motive and no inducement to
abuse it. I therefore vote without question for
the whole issue now proposed.
I give this vote in the further confidence—and '
I was prepared to offer an amendment to that
effect to this bill, but of course the amendment
would be objectionable, as originating measures
for raising revenue in the Senate, and therefore I
cannot offer it—that, at a suitable and proper
time, this measure will be followed up by a prop-
osition to increase the revenue so as to meet, un-
der all contingencies, the demand these notes will
create on the Government, and to supply a fund
for their payment. When we go into debt, let
lis make, simultaneously, provision for the re-
demption of the debt. We can only excuse our-
selves for not doing so upon the supposition that
the ordinary revenue, when this little moment of
obstruction is passed, will supply ample means.
I do not believe any such thing; it is a dream.
Nothing can recall the past; and ill the past, ac-
cording to your showing, millions have been lost
by the diminution of the revenue. Does anybody
promise himself that, in the balance of the present
fiscal year, or from March next, more than enough
will be received, or even that enough will be re-
ceived, to pay all the expenses of the year ending
the 30th of June ? I think it, will be an over-san-
guine calculation altogether; and provision will
have to be made for the payment of these notes
hereafter by some increase of revenue, or by a
loan, or funding this debt, as certain as we sit
here; at least, such is my anticipation. It is a
safe course; it guards against the accumulation of
debt, that we should now at once impose what-
ever duties or taxes are necessary in order to
supply the fund for the extinction of this paper
currency which we are to issue.
It seems to me the time is altogether propitious
for it. One of the circumstances which invite, at
this time, to the issue of a paper currency by the
Government, is the ease and alleviation it may
give to the commercial and pecuniary distresses
and wants of the country. I confess that that has
its reconciling effect on me. If, at the same time,
you can provide for the payment of it by a meas-
ure that will press'on no American citizen, but,
by a proper adjustment of the increased duties
011 articles of foreign commerce which enter into
competition with the mdusrry of ourowncountry,
we not only can aid the man who wants money,
but aid the man who wants labor, then indeed
we shall be doing something that is benignant,
and something that is to alleviate the condition of
the country. I desire to see both. While 1 supply
the Government with money, 1 want, at the same
time, by a corresponding measure, to pay that
money, by a duty which shall give the laborer
labor. That, as the Senator from Rhode Island
has said, is the source of all wealth; but now, in
the present condition of the country, we are not
required so much to look at it as a source of
wealth; we are obliged to bring down our calcu-
lations ; we are obliged to calculate what is a
necessary provision for the poor, now out of em-
ployment by thousands?—a fact which we know.
If these laborers can be brought to work and fnadp.
comfortable during this long winter, or made com-
fortable more permanently than they have been,
and the means of subsistence supplied, will not
that be a great recommendation to a measure
which shall afford them some protection and some
encouragement to their labor? We want it for
revenue. It would notbeaineasureforprotection,
but a measure essentially for revenue. No gen-
tleman here, on any constitutional ground, can
have any objection so to apply and adjust the
duties, as to afford to the suffering manufacturers
and mechanics of our country ail the protection
which a proper adjustment of the tariff on the
articles that ought to be protected, would give
them.
These are my views, Mr. President. I mean
to vote for the bill, and shall not protract the de-
bate further.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, if I had the con-
fidence of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
in what he supposes will, almost as a matter of
course, follow after the granting «^f this relief, I
would express the same sentiment he has done,
and give my support cheerfully to this bill; but I
have not the smallest confidence that, if we pass
this bill, allowing this amount of n&tes to be issued
by the Treasury, any such thing will follow. As
far as I can gather anything from the expression
of the Executive, (and I fear very much that it is
responded to fully by a tnajority in this body,)
there is no other measure of relief to be proposed
except that adverted to by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island—an act of bankruptcy to op-
erate on the fourteen hundred banks of the vari-
ous States. No, sir; it is not contemplated by
those in whose power we are, to relieve the peo-
ple. If I could anticipate or suppose that, when
we authorize the issue of these $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes, they will be thrown into circu-
lation and afford a temporary relief to the dis-
tresses in every section of the country, and partic-
ularly in that section which is now most suffering
perhaps, that would bean inducement to me to
support this bill, and I should be willing to fore-
go, to some extent, my apprehensions as to the
policy of the Executive, backed, as I presume it
to be, by a majority in both Houses of Congress.
I am not as well versed in these subjects as the
Senator from Rhode Island, and have scarcely a
tithe of the knowledge he has on these questions;
but I fear very much that very little relief to the
country will come from authority to issue these
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes, now, or in the
course of a year.
I have already heard it suggested (and it had
struck my mind) that one of the means by which
the Treasury is to be aided m its ordinary, nat-
ural, legitimate wuv, is by obtaining the duties on
the $26,000,000 or $28,000,000 worth of foieign
goods now m warehouse at New York. These
notes, however, are to go in some direction to
facilitate the operation of keeping them m ware-
house until n rise in the market takes place. These
Treasury notes, as l understand and anticipate,
from what 1 have heard from both sides of the
Chamber, as to the rate of interest, will go into the
New York city banks, which have had no sym-
pathy with the condition of the country. I am
sure they have not had any for the condition of
the interior and West. The major part of these
notes, I apprehend, will find their lodgment there.
Some small modicum of relief may find its way
to the West. In regard to the state of exchanges
which is now grinding down the South and South-
west, I, too, could tell a tale, as well as my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky; but I will not detain
the Senate by doing so. I apprehend there will
be very little relief on that, point.
What is the proposition ? To relieve the Gov-
ernment from bankruptcy; to provide for the
Government m the true spirit, and according to
the original theory of that sublime invention, the
sub-Treasury ! It is to take care of the Govern-
ment at all hazards. In the execution of that
policy, and the favorite doctrine of free trade
avowed by the honorable Senator from Virginia
on the night of the passage of the last tariff bill,
that bill was pressed through this House when we
scarcely had time, and, indeed, did not have time,
to comprehend fully the nature of the amend-
ments which were adopted. That bill tvas not
wholly to the taste of the honorable Senator fronf
Virginia, even in the shape in which it finally
passed and received the sanction of a -majority
of both Houses. It was not satisfactory to him;
but he said that he took it because it was the
furthest advance to free trade that he hoped to get
on that occasion. I consider that that idea lies at
the bottom of the policy of the Government on
this occasion, in asking for §20,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes.
The honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] supposes he has sufficiently limited the
bill in its extent to prevent a deleterious operation
on interests that he would desire, and perhaps
does desire, to maintain and advocate. He has
got a provision inserted that this bill shall be lim-
ited in its operation to the 1st of January, 1859,
when Congress will be again in session, and can
then act upon the subject. Perhaps I misunder-
stand the effect of that provision, and I should
like the honorable Senator from Virginia to in-
struct me if I am in error on that point; but as I
construe the provision, the bill, as proposed to be
amended, will authorize an issue of §20,000,000
within the closing month of next year, so that
there will be 420,000,000 of debt redeemable, ac-
cording to the other provisions of this bill, in
twelve months from that time. The Government
will thus be able to get along smoothly, easily,
and without any embarrassment, until the 1st of
January, 1859, and then it will be in the power
of the Government to apply to Congress, ana state
an exigency in the future, precisely like the pres-
ent, as a reason for giving them further authority
to issue notes, or to continue the $20,000,000
outstanding for another twelve months, extending
to the 1st January, 1860.
I state these facts to show that even with that
limitation, up to the 1st of January, 1859, the
Government will be in a condition to meet all its
responsibilities, whatever may be the income de-
rived from the ordinary revenues between this
and that time, even if they should fall short one
third or one half of what they are now estimated
at. The Governmentis makingprovision, in ask-
ing for these $20,000,000, that will leave them
perfectly free from all embarrassment, or appre-
hension of embarrassment, for one year; and they
will smile at the application of that portion of
Congress who think that something more perma-
ment ought to be done for the relief of the industry
of the country, or for providing a legitimate and
properrevenue for the supportof the Government.
They can smile and disregard, as they will disre-
gard, in my opinion, the applications of those
gentlemen, who, like my friend from Kentucky,
anticipate, with confidence, that they surely will
not fail within that time to offer some provision
for the permanent relief of the country.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
has given us information on another point; and
the statement comes from a source for which I
think no member of the Senate can fail to have
due respect who has heard his sentiments, and
who has noticed the experience and the knowl-
edge evinced by that Senator to-day on all ques-
tions connected with this subject. Every Senator
must have due respect for the probable truth of
the announcement of that Senator on that point.
What is it? That the Government is defrauded
out of one half the amount of revenue provided
by the existing tariff, by foreign traders and their
agents in this country, on all textile fabrics. As
that honorable Senator stated, Congress have been
advised, since 1846, again and again, by each
successive Secretary of the Treasury, that these
frauds were enormous, and called for correction.
Has the honorable Senator from Virginia, or any
gentleman holding his opinions on the subject of
free trade, ever made a proposition for the correc-
tion of these abuses, that promised to be adequate,
orto have any decided effect, one way orthe other?
! Not one of them. They have gone unheeded
i from session to session, and from Congress to
I Congress, to this day. The honorable Senator
j from Rhode Island announces to you that not
i more than one half of the revenue provided for
by that act has ever been collected-, the Govern-
ment has been defrauded of it. That honorable
Senator also tells you that every honest American
importer has been driven out of the trade by those
frauds, and that it is in the hands of foreigners,
or the factors and agents of foreigners. I have
had no reason to doubt it.
Some three or four years ago (I do not know
upon what impulse, or how it was brought about)
