2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 17,
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment cannot now
be reconsidered.
Mr. KING. I understand the Senator from
Iowa wishes to excep't the amendment to which
he has alluded, when the question is taken on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not in Committee of the
Whole. When we reconsidered the vote on the
passage of the bill, we did not go back into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, after
passing this bill, reconsidered the vote on its pas-
sage, and also reconsidered the vote by Which it
had been ordered to a third reading; but that did
not bring the bill back again into Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Question will be
taken on the engrossment of the amendments and
third reading of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is not the bill now open
to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is open to
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is open to amend-
ment; but nothing that has been adopted by a
vote of the Senate is open. The amendment al-
luded to by the Senator from Iowa was adopted
three days ago.
Mr. COLLAMER. Have the Amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole been adopted
in the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
agreed to to-day were not agreed to in committee.
It never was put in committee after the reconsid-
eration.
Mr. EROWN. The amendments were adopted
on Thursday in the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The time for reconsideration
has passed.
Mr. BROWN. No; it is not passed. Three
days are not passed. You have three days. You
do not count fractions. It' you count out Sundays
and fractions, you have not passed three days;
and therefore, the motion of the Senator from
Iowa is in order.
Mr. HUNTER and others. Two days is the
rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
attention to the rule:
ee Nor shall any motion for reconsideration be in order
unless made on the same day on winch the vote was taken,
or within the two next days! of actual session of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. BROWN. Then t give it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That being the
case, the Chair thinks the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, to reconsider the amendment,
comes too late, it not having been made on that
day, nor within two days of actual session of the
Senate afterwards. The question is: Shall the
amendments be engrossed, ancl the bill read a
third "time ?
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a thiid time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
DACOTAH INDIANS.
Mr. STUART. I wish the Senate to dispose
of a Senate bill, which now lies on the table, with
an amendment from the House of Represent-
atives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels it
his duty to first call attention to the special orders.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to postpone them for
thp present.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 82) to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the President
of the United States to cause to be surveyed the
tract of land in the Territory of Minnesota, be-
longing to the half-breeds or mixed bloods of the
Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, and for other
purposes," approved the 17th July, 1854. The
amendment of the House is to strike out all after
the word " lands," in the twelfth line, and insert
the following:
And settlements heretofore made thereon are declared
valid so far as they do not conflict with settlements made
by half-breeds, arid that the seulPis shall have the bedefit
oi the preemption laws of the United States, any location
of half-breedscripthereon notwithstanding: Provided, The
deelaiation of preemption be filed within three months after
pul>l ic notice js given of the passage of this act in the prope.
land district: provided, Thai when two or more per-
sons have settled on the same quarter section prior to the
passage pf this act, they shall be permitted to fnter the
same, and the rights of each shall be determined according
to the provisions of the act relating to preemption, passed
March 3,1843.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall not extend to any tract or subdivision within
the body of land aforesaid, which shall have been settled
upon in good faith, by, and is in the occupancy of, any of
the said half-breeds or mixed bloods, which lands, so set-
tled upon and occupied by the half-breeds, are hereby ex-
pressly declared to be subject to no other disposition than
location by the " certificates" or " scrip" authorized to bo
issued by the said act of 1854, for the benefit of said Indians;
nor shall the provisions of this act extend to any lands winch
may have been located prior to its passage with half-breed
scrip, with the consent of the settlers thereon.
The amendment was concurred in.
DEFENSE OF LIEUTENANT ANDERSON.
Mr. CLAY. I present the following resolution
of inquiry, which I hope will be acted on at once:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the papers filed in the Depart-
ment in support of the elaims of Blocker & Gurlev and
James F. Davis, counsel employed in the defense of Lieu-
tenant Anderson and his detachment, arrested by the civil
authorities of Texas while in the discharge of their official
duties, under the orders of General Harney.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. I recollect
something of the incidents of that case. They
were in 'the execution of a very illegal order, and
I do not know that they have any claim for ex-
penses. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
the resolution lies over.
POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr, HAMLIN. I offered on Saturday a hill
for the improvement of the Potomac river, in this
District. I now move that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to give notice that I shall,
on Thursday next, move to take up the question
of reconsideration, moved by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] on the bill re-
ported by the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road ; and I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
to make a few remarks on the subject on that day.
PAY OF DECEASED MEMBERS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. -I desire to introduce a
joint resolution for the putpose of reference; and
1 will state that I do so at the request of a member
of the House of Representatives, who has had it
under consideration. The subject-matter of the
compensation of those members of the House who
died during the recess of Congress, and the res-
olution which was passed by the Senate to make
compensation to the widows and heirs-at-law of
Senators Bell, Butler, and Rusk, have been re-
ferred to the Treasury Department; and the
Comptroller of the Treasury has expressed the
opinion that, under existing laws, the payment
cannot be made out of the contingent fund, and he
requested that I should present the joint resolution
to the Senate; and I do so for the purpose of hav-
ing it referred to our Judiciary Committee.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 41) amend-
atory of an act entitled " An act to regulate the
compensation of members of Congress," ap-
proved August 16, 1856, as far as relates to such
as shall die during their terms of service; and it
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a joint res-
olution (No. 30) for paying the compensation of
stenographers employed by the committees of the
House of Representatives.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana to give way for a moment,
to enable me to ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the bill to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans. I do so because
•there are a large number of these private peti-
tions.
Mr. SLIDELL, For what purpose ? To dis-
cuss the bill?
Mr. FOSTER. To pass the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall object to it most deci-
dedly for that purpose.
Mr. FOSTER. I was about to say there are-
a large number of these petitions before the Sen-
ate, and this bill provides for all of them, and un-
less it is acted on speedily, there will be no hope
of its passage.
Mr. SEIDELL. I object to its being acted
upon. It will lead to a protracted discussion.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume it will not. It is not
my purpose to debate the bill, and I believe it will
not occasion debate.
Mr. SLIDELL. It must be debated.
Mr. JONES. I hope it will be taken up, for I
believe almost every Senator has a case covered
by it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I appeal to the Senator from
Connecticut. I yielded from courtesy to what I
supposed to be a simple, ordinary question; a
mere question of reference. I had no idea that any
important matter was to be taken up for discus-
sion.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly am not disposed to
press the matter, if it is against courtesy; but I
ask it of the Senate. I will not take up any time
to argue the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
make any motion?
Mr. SLIDELL. I insist on my motion for an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
MONDAY, May 17, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move there be a call of the
House.
Mr.UNDERWOOD. There is a quorum pres-
ent. Let the Journal be read.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present or not.
The SPEAKER then counted the House, and
announced that there were eighty-seven members
present.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Journal cannot be read
until a quorum is present, objection being made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
1 the negative—yeas 35, nays 75; as follows:
' TEAS—Me&si*. Admin, Andrew-*, Billinghurst, Case,
I f'hatiee, ricmeiw, Oonnns, Cox, Curtis, Feriton, Foster,
| Gilman, Howard, Geoige VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
' Jorir-, Kelsey, hilgore, Lester, Matteson, Morgan, rsaac N.
j Morn*. Mott, rainier. Phelps, Pike, Kufftn, John Sherman,
: William Stewart, Talbot, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade,
I Walbiulge, and Elhhu B. Washburne—35.
' NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham,
Bliss, Bufiinton, Bums, Caslue, Chapman, John B. Clark,
dawson, Cobb, Cockerill. Corning. James Craig, Burton
Craige, Curiy, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean,
Dodd, English, Foley, Gartrell, Gieenwood, Grow, Law-
rence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Knapp, Lawrence, Leidv, Lovejoy, Me-
Kibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Maynard, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Nichols, Olin, Peyton,
Pottle, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Ritchie, Robbins, Royce,
Savage, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sher-
man, Singleton, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Tappan,
George Taylor, Thayer, Waldron, Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, White, Whiteley, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V.
Wright, and ZolhcolTer—75.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the call,
Mr. MORRILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Walton, was too unwell to be in attendance.
Mr. CLAY stated that when his name was
called he was in attendance upon the meeting of
a committee of the House.
Mr. BRANCH stated that when his name was
called he was engaged upon a committee.
Mr. GROESBECK made a similar statement,
and asked leave to vote.
Mr. OWEN JONES objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon a call of the House,
is it necessary that a person should be present
when his name is called ? I am present now. I
raise the question of order that I am entitled to
vote. *
