1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT,
they do not want. On this point, let me refer to
an opinion of Judge Taney himself, in the case
of Groves vs. Slaughter, 15 Peters, page 449,
where he says:
« In myopinion the power over tins subject is exclusively
with the several States, and each of them hns a right to de-
cide for itself, whether it will or will not allow persons of
this description to h<j brought within its limits from another
State, either for sale or for any other purpose."
So, sir, when you come to examine each and all
of these clauses, it will be found that none of them
establish slavery or prohibit to Congress the right
to pass a law preventing the importation of slaves
into the Territories.
There is, however, another argument, which
perhaps I may denominate the common blood and
treasure' argument. It is that the Territories of
the United States belong to all the people of the
United States, that they were acquired by the
common blood and treasure of all, and that every
citizen has the same right to go into the Territo-
ries. Iadmitit. A citizen of South Carolinahos
precisely the same right that a citizen of Massa-
chusetts has to go into a Territory—no greater,
and no less; and if there be a law prohibiting the
importation of slaves intoaTorritory, it is equally
obligatory on the citizen of South Carolina and of
Massachusetts. There is nothing in the position
we take in conflict with the common rights of ail;
but no citizen, as a citizen, has a right to go upon
the public lands, or into any Territory of the Uni-
ted States, appropriating to himself any portion of
the common property of the Union, unless Con-
gress authorizes it. Congress exercises its dis-
cretion in organizing territorial governments. It
may prevent their settlement by white men or
black men, as it has done for a scries of years.
Congress might have refused to organize territo-
rial governments in Kansas and Nebraska until
this day, and thus have prevented the settlement
of a single person, white or black, in either of
those Territories. The fact that the property be-
longs to the United States, gives no individual
citizen a right to take it and possess it.
This Capitol belongs to the United States; the
White House belongs to the United States; but
what would you think of a citizen of South Car-
olina coming here with his negroes, and taking
possession of the White House, because it was
acquired by the eommon blood and treasure of the
whole country; or of a citizen from Massachu-
setts coming here, and taking possession of the
Senate Chamber, because it was acquired with the
blood and treasure of the whole country, and lie
has equal rights5 tie has equal rights in subor-
dination to the Constitution and laws of his coun-
try. This Capitol and the White House are for
the benefit of the citizens of Massachusetts and
of South Carolina, and of each alike; but the cit-
izen of neither has a right as such to come and
occupy them. So it is with the Territories. They
belong to the United States to be taken care of
and governed by Congress so long as the terri-
torial condition continues, and citizens are to go
there and settle m subordination to such laws as
Congress may pass.
It is incumbent on those who say that the Con-
stitution of the United States extends slavery to
Kansas, to point us to the clause. We deny
it. Not only does the Constitution of the Tinned
States not extend slavery into any of the Terri-
tories, but the Constitution itself does not go there
until it is extended by the operation of law. The
Constitution was made between the States and for
the States. It has nothing to do with the Terri-
tories, except to confer on Congress the power to
govern them. The Constitution was made by
the States for their own government, and power
was conferred by the States, through that Con-
stitution, on the Congress which they created to
regulate and govern the territories. But the Con-
stitution itself does not operate over Territories
unless Congress extends it there by law. This
was the view of those who passed the Kansas-
Nebraska act, for it contains an express provis-
ion extending the Constitution over these Terri-
tories.
Now, sir, what power has Congress over the
Territories ? I answer, such power as the Con-
stitution has given, which is to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting them—no greater
and no less. I am not going into the history of
the legislation of Congress from its organization
down to the present period, to show that under
all administrations Congress has exercised power
over the Territories, and that, too, on the subject
of slavery. But I willdtakc a little time to prove,
if I can, that the Supreme Court of the United
States has itself established the doctrine lirmly
that Congress has authority over the Territories;
to govern them in its discretion, and to prohibit
slavery therein. I would ask those who deny this
power, and who at the same time sing hosamias
to the court below, and who assail us for refusing
to indorse the'extra-judicial political opinions of
its judges, to stand by the decisions of that court
on this subject. As long ago as 1810, Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, in the case of Sere vs. Pitot, (6th
Cranch, 336,) used this language:
" The power of governing and legislating for a Territory
is the inevitable consequence of the right to acquue and
hold territory. Could this position he contested? The Con-
stitution declares that ' Congress .shall have power to dis-
pose of and make all needlul itiies and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property belonging t,o the United
States.' Accordingly, we find Congress possessing and ex-
ercising the absolute and undisputed power of governing
and legislating for the Territory of Oi leant;."
In 1828, in the case of Canter vs. the American
Insurance Company, (1 Peters, 511,) which has
been often referred to, the same distinguished
judge, in delivering the opinion of the court, said:
In the mean time, Florida continues to he a Territory
of the United States, governed by that clause of the Consti-
tution which empowers Congress ' to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the teiritoiy or other pioperty
belonging to the United States-' Peihnps the power of gov-
erning a Territory belonging to the United Stales which has
not, by becoming n State, acquired the means of self-gov-
ernment, may Jesuit necessarily from the facts, that it i3
not within the jurisdiction of any paitieular State, and is
within the power and jurisdiction of the United States.
The right to govern maybe the inevitable consequencee of
the right to acquire territory. Whichever may be the souice
whence this powei may be derived, the possession of it is
unquestioned."
In another part of this opinion the court say,
that in legislating for the Territories, "Congress
exercises the combined powers of the General
and a State government.5'
Again, in the case of McCulloch vs. the State
of Maryland, (4 Wheaton, 422,) Chief Justice
Marshall, speaking for the whole court, and in
another case decided in 1840 by Judge Thomp-
son—the United States rs. Gratiot, reported in
14 Peters, 537—both refer without qualification to
the clause and power in Congress to make all
needful rules and regulations respecting Territo-
ries, as the true undoubted source of the power
of Congress over Territories. In a late case, that
of Cross vs Harrison, reported in 16 liowaid,
193, Judge Wayne, in delivering the opinion of
the court in regard to a case from California, uses
this language:
" The terntoiy has been ceded as a conquest, and was to
be preseived and governed as such until the sovcieignty to
which it had passed had legislated for it. That sovereignty
was the United States under the Constitution, by which
power had been given to Congress 1 to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations i expecting the terntoiy or
other pioperty belonging to the United Slates.' "
Here are five decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, reaching fiorn 1810 down to
1854, every one of them affirming the sovereignty
of the Territories to be in Congress, and the au-
thority of Congress over the Territories to legis-
late for them. Now, if the sovereignty of the
Territories be in Congress, and if they may make
all needful rules and regulations for them, may
they not pass a law prohibiting slavery in them ?
Who is to judge what is needful and necessary ?
That is not a judicial question.- It is a question
for the discretion of Congress, to determine what
laws are needful, necessary, and proper, for the
government of the people who are to settle in the
Territories, till they become sufficiently numerous
to form a government for themselves.
Now, sir, what shall we say of those gentlemen
who assail us forattacking the obiter cftcTasayings
of the Supreme Court of the United States when
they are denying the authority of five decisions of
that court, reaching through a period of nearly
fifty years ? What shall we say of the opinion of
the court-in this Dred Scott case—I do not mean
the decision, 1 mean the opinionsof the judges—
when they say that this clause giving to Congress
authority to make all needful rules and regula-
tions respectingtheTerritory of the United States
applies only to the territory which we held at the
time the Constitution was formed, directly in the
teeth of as many as three of the decisions on that
point, to which I have referred, which related
! to territory acquired after the Constitution was
adopted? Florida, Louisiana, and California were
all acquired subsequently; and yet the Supremo
Court of the United States in cases relating to
those Territories has said that Congress had the
power to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting them under the clause of the Constitu-
tion which I have quoted. Shall the opinion of
certain judges of the United States overturn •the
settled decisions of that court? What right liava
Senators to attack tho.se decisions ? Where was
their reverence for the Supreme Court when they
were calling upon it here, a year ago, to overturn
its own settled decisions for a period of nearly
half a century? Are we to be reproached when
we say that these last political opinions outs do
of the case before the court are not to be treated
as authority, and that we will not abide by them,
when they assail its settled decisions#
We expect to show, if a case involving the
question should ever arise, that the opinions lately
expressed by some of the judges in the Dred Scott
I case are in conflict with the decisions of their own
court, in conflict with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and I do not believe such a decision as
has been indicated will ever be made. Congress
have the power, as I insist and as the Supreme
Court has repeatedly decided, to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory of
the United States, this extending as well to terri-
tory which should be acquired as that which we
then held; for it is idle to contend, as some of the
judges do, and I believe Judge Taney, that be-
cause the definite article " the" is used in this con-
nection it only applies to " the" territory which
■toe then had. The same reasoning would apply
the authority of the President as commandcr of
the Army and Navy, to the Army and Navy in
existence when the Constitution was made. It is
k> the Army and Navy," of which the President is
made Commander-in-Chief. Does not that mean
any army and any navy which the United States
may ever raise ? Would it not be absurd to con-
line it to the one which was then in existence?
Equally it seems to me is it absurd to confine the
language which I have quoted in regard to the
authority to govern the territory of the United
States, to that territory which we then possessed.
Congress, then, having this authority, in its
exercise ought to use a sound discretion and es-
tablish for a Territory such a government as it
believes will be best for the interests of the peo-
ple who are to settle it; and this brings up the
question of slavery. If slavery, as an origin:*!
institution, is a good one; if it is a benefit to
the slave and to the white people, then Congress
in its power to establish all needful rules and
regulations for the government of the Territory,
j would not be required to pass a law to keep it out.
| If, however, in the opinion of Congress, it is bot-
[ ter to have no slavery where it does not already
i exist; if as an original question in this country,
j it would have been better had no slaves been sn-
, troduced; then Congress, in opening a free tcrri-
j tory to settlement, ought to provide against its in-
troduction.
I believe it to be better for the white race that
negro slavery should not exist among them. If
that be so, it is the duty of Congress to provide
against its spread wherever it has the power, and
here is the whole question; that is all there is
of it. Nobody proposes any interference with
slavery in the States of the Union where it exma
under the laws of the States. All that any one
proposes is to prevent its introduction into the
Tenitories so long as the territorial condition con-
tinues, and if it be excluded for that length of tnn'j
the result will be that our new States formed from
such Territories will all be free States. Why
should this he so objectionable to the South ? The
South is not settled entirely by slaveholders.. I
believe only about one in twenty of the white
population in the southern States own slaves. I
know that those who do not own them help the
slaveholders to sustain the institution. Why?
Because they do not want negroes to be placed
on an equality with themselves. If laborers
themselves, they wish at least to keep up the dis-
tinction between them and the laboring negroes,
that the latter have a master. But, sir, I believe
to-day that if it were practicable to get rid of the
black population, the great mass of the laboring
people of the South would be in favor of suc!i a
measure. Then labor would be elevated. Th^n
the laboring man of the South, like the same clas-i
