124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
whether he thinks that would be acting in good
faith? Now, when other gentlemen and myself
gay that we will give our word that we will do
our best to fix a point at the earliest day when
we can have a vote, after saying what we have to
say, without trying or wishing to protract the
time, we mean it; I have no mental reservations—
none of any kind or description; and other gentle-
men have none. They mean what they say, that
it shall be as early a day as they can possibly fix
with reference to our speaking what we have to
eay, and without trying to protract the time by
long speeches. Now, the Senator will take me
as I mean, and not suppose there is a reservation
back in the mind of any man here that, under
such an arrangement, he will haul off and take
more time than he wants.
Mr. GREEN. I merely construe the Senator,
then, according to the proper construction of his
words; and that is, that he will do it at the earliest
day possible. That is the fair intent of what he
has uttered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly.
Mr. GREEN. But on this side we say, that we
must have it at the earliest day at which it can
be had. We are equals, all of us. A majority
say it can be had this next Thursday, and the
minority say it can be had on next Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, if the Senator will
excuse me 
Mr. GREEN. I desire not to be interrupted
on this illustration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire only to interrupt
the Senator for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. GREEN. The majority certainly have just
as much right to say what is fair and just and proper
as any other party. They think it is right and just
and proper to decide this question on Thursday.
The other side have rights, but they are subor-
dinate rights to the majority in a Government in
which is infused the great principle of popular
sovereignty. They say they want untilncxtMon-
day. 1 am willing to relax and give away two
days. I have offered, and I now oiler publicly,
before the Senate and the country, that we are
willing to allow until Saturday for taking the vote.
If you will agree to decide the question on Satur-
day next, the majority yielding two days and the
minority one, we will meet you by the hand and
strike the bargain. That is all I can oiler.
Mr. BRODERICTt. Mr. Piesidcnt,! wish not
to be considered in any bargains that are about
to be made in regard to this question. I came
here yesterday at twelve o'clock, and have re-
mained here ever since, with the exception of
about half an hour. I understood from the Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber, that after
the Senator fiom New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
got through with his speech, the Senate would
adjourn. I was told so by Republican Senators,
and for that reason I waited quietly and patiently
until that Senator got through. Bat, sir, t ascer-
tained in a very few minutes after, that there was
no intention on the part of the majority to adjourn,
and 1 resolved to sit here with the majority, and,
if they felt disposed to sit the bill out, to remain
here with them, but to vote, whenever the oppor-
tunity offered, for an adjournment. I wish to
sny now, that I am willing to assume my share
of the responsibility of delaying this question,
for I am unalterably opposed to the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution. But,
«ir, I shall not be factious in my opposition. I
have not been factious since I have occupied a
seat on this floor, nor have I consumed the time
of the Senate by speaking. I had intended to
speak on this subject, but I refrained from doing
so when I heard that my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] intended to address the Senate at length
upon it, and I saw a disposition on the part of
the majority to hurry the vote. For that reason,
1 did not care to take up, unnecessarily, the time
of the Senate.
Now, sir, the Senator from Illinois is not able
to speak. He commenced the war on this bill,
and I desire that he should be here when the battle
is to close. I am very anxious that he shall be
present before the vote is taken, and I know very
well that he is not able now to speak. For that
reason I was anxious that this bill should be con-
sidered for eight or ten days longer, and the vote
then taken; but I am willing now to remain here
as long as I can retain strength sufficient to stand
upon my feet, or to sit erect in my chair. I shall 1
make no complaint against the majority of the
Senate; they may be perfectly right. Iftheycan
force the minority to take the vote to-day let them
do it; but I doubt their power to do it. I find as
strong looking men on this side of the Chamber
as I do on the other side; and since it is to be a
question of physical endurance, why, sir, the
pride of both sides of the Chamber is now in-
volved in the question. I am perfectly willing to
sit here until twelve o'clock to-day. If I can find
time to rest for a few hours, T may avail myself
of them and come back into my seat invigorated.
If not, I will remain here as best I may; so that
I do not want to be considered in any of the bar-
gains that are about to be made between the Re-
publicans and the majority of the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire, amongst others, to
give the gentlemen on the other side of the Cham-
ber an opportunity to do what they profess they
will do—consult together and submit to us a rea-
sonable proposition. If they do it, it will be well
to accept it. If they do not, the majority can go
on and adopt any course they think proper to
bring the matter to a conclusion. I think the mi-
nority ought atleast to have an opportunity to de-
termine what they will do, and let us see whether
they are disposed to act as fairly as they repre-
sent themselves to be. I think they will. That
is my impression; and for the purpose of enabling
them to ao it, I move that the Senate adjourn. I
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been suggested to
me that it is very possible that we may come to
some arrangement. I have no hesitation in say-
ing for myself, (but in the present stage of things
so much has taken place that I cannot speak for
anybody but myself,) and I think my friends will
say the same thing, that if a majority of the Sen-
ate choose to adjourn at the present time, we
will, or I will, honestly and fairly try to bring
those associated with me here, to a proposition
for fixing upon a time for taking this question at
as early a day as we can consistently.
Mr. IVERSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, 1 will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. By unanimous consent the
call can be withdrawn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist on the call.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodmok, Chandler, Doohttle, Durkee,
Fesscndcn, Foster, Hamlin, Italian, Houston, Iverson,
Kennedy, King, Seward, Simmons, Tiumhull, Wade, and
Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bijrc*, Bigler, Fitch,
Grcon, (Jwin, JInmmond, Johnson of Arkansas., Johnson
of Tennessee. Jones, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Toombs, and WngUt—17.
The Vice President voted in the negative; and
so the motion to adjourn was negatived.
The question recurred on the motion of the
Senator from California, to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BItODERtCK. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodenek, (-.'handler, Dooliftle, Darken,
Fos:--end<m, Foster, Hamlin, itaiian, Houston, Iverson,
King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Fitch,
Green, Gwm, Hammond, Johnson of Aikan->as, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Maliory, Polk, Fugh, Se-
bastian, Toombs, and Wright—18.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN, and others. Withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the request for
the yeas and nays, but insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate (at
five minutes past six o'clock, on Tuesday morn-
ing) adjourned.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Thursday, March 18, 1858.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
161) for ilia admission of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I agree with
my honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] whose speech, delivered yesterday, gave
me so much pain, that this is not a sectional ques-
tion. It rises far above a mere sectional issue.
It is true, that, in my judgment, it involves the
rights, the safety, the honor of fifteen States of
this Confederacy. It is true, that, in the judg-
ment of many of those fifteen States, the principle
involved in this question is worth more to them
than the union of these States. Yet, sir, this is
a great constitutional question, and not a sectional
one. Let us not deceive ourselves. Such decep-
tion is not wisdom; it is folly. You know, sir,
and I know, and we all know, that the anti-sla-
very shibboleth, that "there shall be no more
slave States in this Union," strikes this question
from bottom to top, and is the living, breathing
spirit that animates the opposition to the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union under the Lecomp-
ton constitution. Without that, it is nothing;
without gentlemen holding these opinions, it is
nothing This is the sentiment pervading a large
portion of the people of the United States. This
is the principle which actuates a large majority of
the opponents of this measure on this floor. No
man who hears me doubts that, the admission of
Kansas will be their defeat or that its rejection will
be their victory. So it is felt, so it is treated, so it
is acknowledged by the universal, popular feeling
of this entire Republic, with individual exceptions
too small to enter into the calculation of the mighty
elements now warring in this great struggle.
Then, sir, it becomes us to inquire what founda-
tion has this principle, what support has it, in that
fundamental law, the Constitution ? In the first
place, I shall direct my inquiries to this only
source of political power in the Federal Govern-
ment. Is it authorized by the Constitution of
the United States ? It must be found there ex-
pressly, or it must be necessary to carry out some
acknowledged power, or it exists nowhere. It is
true, that in some of the incidents of this question
it widens and deepens It involves the further
question of the power of Congress over the con-
stitutions and the forms of government of States,
foreign or domestic, seeking admission into the
Confederacy. There are two clauses in the Con-
stitution of the United States having direct refer-
ence to this subject. In the first place, it is de-
clared, in the third section of the fourth article,
that " new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union. The power is broad*, in
its objects it is unrestricted. We may admit di-
rectly foreign Governments; we may provide for
their future admission, by organizing Territories
to be admitted as States at a future time. All this
we have done. This interpretation has received
the undisputed sanction of this Government. I
may, therefore, assume that to be a just interpre-
tation of this power. There was an effort in the
convention which formed the Constitution of the
United States to limit this power to the then ex-
isting territory; but the wise men of that day fore-
saw the great destiny of this Republic. One of
the most distinguished men of the Revolution,
both in the field and in the Cabinet, I mean Mr.
Hamilton, then early foresaw and declared that
we should finally get Louisiana, all Mexico, and
squint at South America. A part of his prophecy
is history; the rest is destined soon to be. Then,
I say, as to the object of this power, there is no
dispute in the Republic. By virtue of this con-
stitutional power the foreign independent State of
Texas has been admitted into the Union.
In what manner shall this broad, comprehen-
sive power be exercised? First, there are general
principles that govern it. All power must be
used for the benefit of those for whose benefit it
is conferred; and the Constitution has expressly
placed this great limitation on that power, that
the governments which shall be introduced into
this Confederacy of States shall be harmonious,
shah oe republican. They had seen the evils of
dissimilar governments, m ancient and in modern
times, united m a confederacy. They were warned
