1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Stfcf
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I should have voted " no."
Mr. COLFAX. When my name was cailcd I
was at the Departmentsupon business for my con-
stituents, and 1 ask leave to vote.
Many Members objected.
Mr. BURLINGAME. When my name was
called I was engaged upon the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. COCKERILL moved to dispense with the
reading of the names oji the list of yeas and nays.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then announced that only one
hundred and ten members had answered to their
names, as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
more than a quorum present now.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that one hundred and thirty-four mem-
bers were present.
The Journal of Saturday was then read and
approved.
APPORTIONMENT OF CLERKS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report. I hope
there will be no objection. It is near the close of
the session, and I have had this report in my
possession for more than two months. I ask that
the bill be referred to the Committee of theWhole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accom-
panying: report, be printed.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. We have not much
time to waste now, and I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. There is no harm
in it.
Mr. CRAWFOPvD. What is the bill ? The
bill was read as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 121) to apportion the clerks
and messengers of the several Departments of the
United States, in the city of Washington, amongst
the several States and Territories and the District
of Columbia.
« Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. May I ask if the bill
was not received? I think it was; and, as evi-
dence of that I would say that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved to lay the bill upon
the table. If the report has not been received, I
want to move to suspend the rules. If it was
received, then I am willing that the House shall
determine the matter, and if they see lit to lay it
upon the table, I shall be perfectly satisfied.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rose to inquire what the
bill was, and objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. The House decided
by a large majority to refer the bill to a special
committee, and I hope they will now receive me
report, and have it printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
• the objection of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
comes too late. The Chair asked if there was
any objection to receiving the report. No one ob-
jected,and the gentleman from Tennessee then
rose and moved to lay the bill and report on the
table.
The question was taken; and Mr. Jones's mo-
tion was not agreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
STENOGRAPHERS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent of the
House, offered the following joint resolution:
Joint resolution for paying the compensation
of stenographers employed by committees of the
House.
The resolution, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to allow and pay out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the compensation of stenographers em-
ployed by committees of the House of Represent-
atives, as audited under the direction of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire^vhether,
under the rules of the House, a joint resolution
making an appropriation is not required to be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
Mr. STANTON. That is certainly true; and
therefore I move to suspend the rule requiring
such consideration.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds Voting
in favor thereof.)
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it
was subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 542) to
authorize the vestry of Washington parish to
take and inclose certain parts of streets in Wash-
ington city, for the purpose of extending the
Washington cemetery, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 33) for the relief of
John R. Temple, of Louisiana; when the Speaker
signed the same.
ADMISSION OF NEW STATES.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, not for the purpose of having it con-
sidered at this time, but for having a day fixed
when it will be convenient for the House to con-
sider it. It is a joint resolution concerning the
admission of new States into the Union.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable me to introduce th * resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should like to hear
the resolution reported.
The resolution was read. The preamble recites
that, as all the States are equal under the Consti-
tution of the United States, and have equal rights
in the Territories as the common property of the
States composing the Union; and that while it is
the duty of Congress to provide suitable territo-
rial governments whenever any of the Territories
may have a sufficient permanent population, so it
is unwise, impolitic, and unjust to the existing
States, prematurely to admit new States, thereby
unduly stimulating the occupation of distant va-
cant Territories by a forced and unnatural immi-
gration, for political, partisan, and sectional pur-
poses, producing strife and discord between differ-
ent portions of the Union, and leading to corrupt
political combinations in Congress; therefore,
the resolution enacts that hereafter no new States,
formed out of the Territories of the United States,
shall be admitted into the Union until itshall have
^ccn ascertained by a census, taken by authority
of Congress, that the Territory seeking admission
contains a fixed population equal to the numbpr
required for a Representative in Congress, accord-
ing to the ratio then existing, nor until the people
of such Territory be authorized by act of Con-
gress to hold aconvention and form a constitution,
and shall have presented the same for admission
into the Union, in pursuance of its provisions, and
in accordance with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. COLFAX. Docs the gentleman desire to
have the resolution put upon its passage now?
Mr. QUITMAN. No, sir.
Mr. COLFAX. If he does, I desire to offer an
amendment providing that application maybe re-
ceived from Kansas for admission into the Union
irrespective of the above restriction, so far as pop-
ulation is concerned.
Mr. QUITMAN. It is not my intention, at
present, to ask to have it put upon its passage;
but to move that its further consideration be post-
poned till to-morrow week, and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
what is the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee of Accounts with respect to Mr. R. T>. Hack-
ney, the Doorkeeper.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I think we
had better dispose of that first.
Mr. CtUITMAN. I have moved to suspend
the rules; and I believe no motion can take pre-
cedence of that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that a mo-
tion to suspend the rules is not in order pending
a call for a privileged question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules. '
Mr. GROW. I insist on the regular order fcf
business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee of Accounts in relation to the Doorkeeper.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would'like to inquire what
has become of my proposition to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion to
suspend the rules cannot be entertained when a
call is made for the regular order of business. It
is not in the power of the House to dispense with
the consideration of a privileged report, if there be
objection. There is also pending on the Calendar
a report from the Committee on the Judiciary,
brought in on Saturday last, asking that thatcom-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of a certain petition. That report came in by
unanimous consent; and is before the Hou'se in
the same manner as if it had been introduced un-
der a suspension of the rules. When these mat-
ters are disposed of, the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi can be disposed of. The Chair
would suggest that very great embarrassment
arises from the fact of gentlemen permitting vari-
ous measures to be brought before the House by
unanimous consent. There are on the Calendar
now at least four matters of that character.
Mr. QUITMAN. The Chair will permit me
to make a single remark. I had the floor, and
made a motion to suspend the rules. That mo-
tion was about being put. Can another gentleman
then take the floor from me and interfere with that
motion? v
The SPEAKER. The demand for the regular
order of business is within the province of every
member of the House; and whenever it is de-
manded, it is the duty of the Chair to enforce the
business in order. That business now is the con-
sideration of the report of the Committee of Ac-
counts.
DOORKEEPER OF THE HOUSE.
The report is as follows:
The undesigned, Committee of Accounts, being required
by its 103d rule to " supeiintend and contrQl the expendi-
tmes of the contingent fund of the House of Representa-
tives," and u to audit and-etil*1 all accounts winch maybe
charged thereon," &c., having had under consideration the
accounts of persons said to be employed by the Doorkeeper
of the House of Representatives, report;
That prior to the commencement of the present session
of Congress the Dooikeeper of the House of Representa-
tives was authorized, by resolutions of the House, passed
from time to time, to make the following appointments,
namely: One superintendent of the folding room ; one su-
perintendent and one assistant superintendent of the doc-
ument room; o le messenger in charge of the Hall of liep-
sentatives ; with salaries ranging from one thousand seven
bundled to one thousand eight hundred doliars per annum,
and thirteen other messengers with salaries ranging from
one thousand two hundred to one thousand five hundred
dollars a year. On the 23d of December last, on the motion
of a member from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] six additional
messengers were allowed him, as it was very propeily sup-
posed that the comfoit of the members required an increase
in these assistant officers after the House had removed its
sittings to the present Hall. The total number ot tins class
of officers to be appointed by the Doorkeeper, is therefore
limited by law to twenty-three. Notwithstanding this
express limitation of his authority and power, the Door-
keeper, it is believed, lias issued Ins appointments to thirty
or more persons, who claim compensation for their &ei vices
as messengers of the I-Ioiue. Twenty-tin eo of these mes-
senger, as above stated, are returned by the Dooikeeper
on his pay-rolls monthly, with the leeeipts of the parties
named therein attached, who are recularly paid the propor-
tions of annual salaries due each of tln-m respectively. It
is known, bowevei, to the underpinned, that some of them
are not pnrfoiming tho oustnmnry duties belonging to the
nature ot thuir employment, and for which they are paid.
Three ot them aie detached, and ccm.-tuHly engaged ad
book-keepers and assistant clerks in the folding room ; one
of them is a private secretaiy or cloik of the Doorkeeper;
and two others aie used as firemen to the furnaces in file
vaults of the Capitol under the old Hall ofllepresentatives;
whilst on the other hand, persons who are known to be
daily in attendance as me-ssenners and assistant doorkeep-
ers, during the sittings of the House, and who attend upon
the several committee rooms, not being returned by tho
Doorkeeper upon his regular monthly pay rolls, have re-
ceived no compensation lor then services, but depend upon
the grace and bounty of the House for remuneration. This
gross abuse of tho confidence and trust reposed by the House
m one ot its chief officers cannot be too seveiely consmed,
and in the judgment of the undersigned requires an imme-
ate remedy. He has been admonished, again and agmi,to
coneet these abuses, but without effect, as he still persists
in acting against both usage and law, and openly defies the
control of this committee.
Abuses of a similar or worse nature exnt in the folding-
room. Jt will be seen by reference to A statement show-
ing the names of each person employed by trie Doorkeeper
of the House of Representatives of the United States, the
nature of their employment, time appointed) amount of sai-
1/
