1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecom/pton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
by these evils. Therefore this power was subject
to this great restriction, that the forms of govern-
ment of the States to be admitted into this Union
should be republican. It was not necessary that
it should have a constitution, unless constitutions
are held to be necessary to republican govern-
ments; and I do not think they are. If a foreign
State, or a, State carved out of two or more States
of the Union, under the terms of the Constitution,
or out of our own territory, presents itself to take
its place in this family of States, it is the duty of
Congress, in exercising this power to admit new
States, to take care that the form of its govern-
ment be republican. This is the only express
power you have over their constitutions or forms
of government.
Guided by this clear light, and marking the
great fact, that the equality of the States is the car-
dinal feature of our Federal system,that it results
from the system itself that each and every State,
old or new, must of necessity be the equal of
every other State, we now have no difficulty in
finding the true and just interpretation of this
power. This equality is demonstrable from the
fact, that when in the Union, all the Federal
rights, duties, and obligations of a State are meas-
ured by the Constitution, and not by any previ-
ous compact, not by any previous understanding.
The Federal rights of all are the same; their ob-
ligations are the same; their duties are the same;
and they are measured only by that same great
standard—the Constitution.
This being the acknowledged standard for de-
termining these questions as to States in the
Union, it necessarily follows that the right of
congressional interference in a State out of the
Union, applying for admission, must be tested by
the same rule; and, therefore, it must follow that
you have precisely the same power over the form
of government presented to you for admission into
the Union as you have over the foim of govern-
ment of a State already in the Union—no more and
no less. This is clear, because, the instant of
admission,you put the constitutional test. Every-
thing must fall before that. If a State comes in
by a concession of any of the rights legally be-
longing to a State of this Confederacy already m
the Union, it falls before the supreme law of the
land—the Federal Constitution.
I think it, therefore, clear, that you have aright,
in the exercise of this power of admitting new
States, which is the question now before tins body,
to look into the form of government of the State
applying for admission only to see whether it is
republican. If it is, your inquiry must stop. If
Ireland, or any other foreign State, had presented
constitutions, asking admission into our Union,
many other questions of political expediency
might present themselves for the fair considera-
tion of the American Congress; but when you
come to look to its constitution, your inqunies of
its capacity to come in must be measured by these
two great principles—its equality with the rest of
the States, and the republican form of its govern-
ment. That is the utmost limit, the extremest
bound of your power on that point.
This, in my judgment, embraces the whole case
on principle—principle deduced from the Consti-
tution; principle deduced from the very nature and
form of our Government, and covers the whole
case on that point. I desire next to look into the
question of authority. The views I have already
presented on the question of power aiein accord-
ance with the judgment of the great majority of
the wise and good men of this Confederacy, under
the old Confederation and under the Constitution,
from the beginning to this day.
The ordinance of 1787, which, as it declares on
its face, was a contract between the State of Vir-
ginia and the United States under the Confedera-
tion, and the people of the Northwest Territory,
provides that when they shall have sixty thou-
sand inhabitants, or sooner if it be judged pru-
dent, they should be admitted into the Union as
a State upon a perfect equality with all the rest of
the States, and it made provision for forming five
States out of that Territory. The State of Ken-
tucky was admitted without inquiry further than
into the points I have stated; and so were the
States of Tennessee, Vermont, Maine, Alabama',
Mississippi, and Louisiana. When Missouri
came forward for admission, for the first time the
question arose as to the power of Congress over |
a State constitution. It had stood unquestioned i
and unquestionable up to 1820. The Federal
party, with Mr. King at its head, had been de-
feated on the popular issues before the Republic;
condemned on the measures of the administration
which they had supported and proposed. For the
purpose, according to Mr. Jefferson, of wriggling
themselves into power, they started this unfound-
ed heresy in order to recover, by appeals to sec-
tional passions, that power which they had so
justly lost. Rufus King has worthy successors
in the distinguished Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] and his friends. He is but the imitator
of his great prototype.
They are following up the same idea for the !
same reasons. Condemned by the popular judg- !
ment, declared to be unfit to carry on the alfturs j
of this great country, they have sought to arouse,
to direct, and use a popular fanaticism in their
own section of the country in order to seize the
government of the whole. Their aim and their
policy have this object, and none other. Of course
it is not avowed, but none but the willfully blind
can fail to see their objects. When Missouri pre:
sented her constitution, it was not pretended that '
her boundaries were not correct; it was not pre-
tended that her population was not sufficient; it
was not pretended that her constitution was not
republican; it was then only objected that her
constitution tolerated domestic slavery—an insti-
tution which pervaded all the States during the
Revolution, and up to the time of the formation
of thisGovernment. That was the objection, and
the sole objection. That effort was resisted; and
it was defeated with great difficulty. That ground
was maintained by the great majority of the Ilep- j
resentatives of the non-slaveholding States from !
the beginning to the end. The cry of the Union |
was raised, and timid men sacrificed principle for i
peace, and got no peace by the sacrifice. It is not j
the proper time for me to express the opinions
whi'*h I have on that subject. I have done that
before. I will, however, now say that the sacri- i
fiee ought not to have been made. We are not ]
the only portion of the Republic to whom the j
Union is \aluable. I have calculated its value to j
others as well as to ourselves, and I am prepared j
to announce one of the results of that calculation;
and that is, whatever may be its value to the whole |
people, that its value to the South is less than to ;
any other portion of the Republic. That is my '
judgment; and the subject has been long and well ,
considered. We of the South have not soughtyour 1
legislation to protect our industry or foster our pur-!
suits. New England has scarcely struck a lick on I
the land or the sea since the American Revolution j
without prohibition, protection, and bounties, and ;
is constantly clamoring for their increase. We '
have never sought, we have never got it. I rep-
resented one district of Georgia for eight years in ;
the other House. I never had a citizen from that 1
district apply to me to procure the passage of a
single law to benefit his industry, and I will add,
to their credit, to get them an office here under !
the Government. Sir, they are a bold, industrious, 1
just, self-relying people. They begin to think '
they have been outraged about long enough under ;
the protection of your fraternal bonds. j
The objection that was made to the admission 1
of Missouri was founded on naked usurpation. ;
It claimed support,thenasnow, not on thegrouud
of right, but of power. They said the North is
the sti ongcr scction; this is her will; let it be done j
—though the Constitution fall. But, sir, there 1
were then, us now, patriotic men ftom the non- ;
slaveholdmg States; there were real republican ;
men; there were men who were prepared to take 1
all risks that duty demanded at their hands. They
took them; they united with a considerable por-
tion of theSouth, and they admitted Missouri; but
put a clause, known as the Missouri compromise, j
the fatal eighth section of the act, which declared :
that slavery and involuntary servitude, except for ;
crime, shall never exist in ail that territory ac-
quired from France north of 36° 3D' north latitude,
and outside of the State of Missouri. That law
gave satisfaction nowhere. It was wrong: there-j
fore, the motherofdiscord, not peace. The North
repudiated it everywheie, and in all forms; by!
public meetings, legislative resolves, and the bal- j
lot-box; for they drove from Congress every man, !.
I think, but four,from the non-slaveholding States
who voted for it. We are told it was a compact.
We hear*!t reiterated every day that it was a sol-
emncompact. In the first place, Congress cannot
make a compact with aState or Territory; and in
the second place, it did not make any. It passed
a law, and a very bad law, and, as has been af-
firmed by all the tribunals entitled to respect in
this country, an unconstitutional law.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
so decided; and the great body of the people of
the North, up to a very recent occasion, have de-
clared that tribunal to be the final arbiter on all
questions arising under the Constitution. That
has been their doctrine ever since the passage of
the Virginia resolutions of 1798, and the report
of 1799, which announce great principles of gov-
ernment so often derided, despised, and jeered at
by those who never took the trouble to read them.
This tribunal was declared to be the ultimate ar-
biter over the sovereign States of this Confed-
eracy by every non-slaveholding State in this
Union; and such has been the concurrent univer-
sal judgment of all the organs of public opinion in
those States up to the time when the decision was
against them. That is the first time its authority
was ever denied by the North. That is the first
tune it was ever denounced by the North—then,
forsooth, there wasa bargain; then there was in-
trigue; then there was collusion; then there was
fraud; when it opposed itself and the law as a bar-
rier to tins fanaticism, and stood by the Consti-
tution, it became the object of bitter denuncia-
tion. The court said the restriction was constitu-
tional; the President said so; Congress satd so.
This judgment was placed upon your statute-
book by tlej irreat coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment, legislative and executive, and maintained
by the judiciary. It is said now that it has no
claim to legality, and my honorable friend from
Kentucky unites his voice to swell the tide of de-
nunciation against the Supreme Court, which I
know he has ever considered one of the bulwarks
of the Constitution.
This tribunal only ceased to be the proper arbi-
ter of constitutional questions when it decided this
constitutional point against the fanaticism of the
North ! But, sir, we have also gone to the final
arbiter and have been there sustained; we have
appealed, under the Constitution and laws of this
country, to the great inquest of the nation boldly;
with the judgment in hand of the President and of
Congress, with all the assaults, and every means
for making them formidable, of the enemy, we
appealed to the people, not to the people of the
South alone, but to the universal people of this
whole country entitled by its political organiza-
tion to speak. I have heard new and strange
theories of popular sovereignty and of majority
governments. I tell you, Mr. President, mankind
made a long step in the right direction when they
said irresponsible minorities should not govern;
a long step and agond step, when they overturned
kings, aristocracies, and oligarchies; when they
said that an irresponsible minority had no right,
human or divine, to govern the State; but, sir,
they made a longer and better and higher and a
nobler bound in the right direction, when they
determined and declared that irresponsible ma-
jorities should not govern. This is our noble sys-
tem ; it was a bolder, a braver step for the security
of human rights. These great and universally
conceded rights of life, of liberty, of property,
are not confided in this country of ours to a mi-
nority, they are not confided to a majority, but
we have hedged about minorities and majorities
with great republican organizations, with checks,
with balances, with constitutions, which prevent
minorities from usurping, and majorities from
trampling under foot, the rights of the people, of
all of the people, and each and every one of them.
Sir, we have affirmed the great principle that
society shall govern; that government is not for
the benefit of minorities, as was held in the olden
time; that government is not for the benefit of
majorities—a principle equally wrong and equally
unfounded—but is instituted for the whole of so-
ciety and every man in it. Majorities only gov-
ern in this country iu questions submitted to tnem
by the organic law. It is not because or a divine
rmht. They have no more divine rights tharr
other kings. In fact, all power of majorities out-
