126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
side of that is a mere question of force—nothing
else. Where shall you find the natural right of
one hundred men to govern ninety-nine .'"There is
but one reason why this maxim has ever received
any force. It is that in the greater number ordina-
rily may be found the greatest strength; and that
is the basis of all human society. In the greater
number you will most usually find the greater
wisdom; and therefore all questions that you sub-
mit to be determined by the body of the people,
you refer to the greater number. You do it here,
standing as we do the representatives of thirty-
one sovereign States, two from each State. We
pay no attention to the principle of mere num-
bers. The Senator from New York represents
his three millions of people; I represent less than
one million, of all ages, sexes, colors, and condi-
tions. In passing upon questions involving the
rights of the whole country upon all matters sub-
mitted to us under the Constitution, my vote and
his are equal. We have agreed to determine by
the majority of the members of this body, not the
majority of the people, the passage of all laws
which may be rightfully passed, except in the
cases of treaties, in which the rights of the whole
are still further protected by requiring two thirds
of this body to concur in them.
Sir, this great principle underlies our whole
system, that majorities shall not rule except in
cases submitted to them by consent, in the or-
ganic law.
In that sense the majority rule is wise; in that ;
sense it is as discreet as wise; because, first, a
majority ordinarily can enforce its judgment by !
superior power; and, in the second place, other 1
things being equal, society secures a better chance
for the requisite wisdom to carry on government
in this system than in any other. Rut, then, when
we speak of majorities, we speak of majorities
which are ascertained by law, according to its
forms, according to its regulations, its technical-
ities—its technicalities, so happily, but, I think,
unfortunately, derided by my honorable friend
from Kentucky. Sir, it. is tlio sole protection of
liberty; it is the sole bulwark against anaichy; it
is the sole barrier against determining all ques-
tions by brute force. Strike out what the Sena-
tor calls your " little legalities and regularities,"
and where is the security of the weak against the
strong? where is the distinction between legal
right and wrong? where the difference between
liberty and license ? In these arc to be found the
landmarks which separate government from an-
archy, regulated liberty from perpetual discoid.
My honorable friend differs with the Supreme
Court upon the right of Congress to make its will
supremo over the present thousands and the future
millions who may inhabit our Territories. Ue
differs from the decision of every branch of our
Government within the last ten or twelve years.
Ue is certainly entitled to his opinion; I do not
intend to deny it to linn; but 1 wish to appeal to
his judgment. I know of no man in tliis Repub-
lic, of whatever party, upon whose patriotism arid
integrity t would sooner risk any gieat question
connected with the honor and safety of his coun-
try. I doubt nothing, then, but the correctness
of his judgment. Hut 1 have, too often seen in
public life party prejudice obscure the brightest
intellect and benumb the most earnest patriotism,
to doubt the causes which have disabled him from
the fair consideration of the overwhelming weight
of evidence against his present position.
Whenever there has been a slave State admitted
into the Union, from lfcSO to this day, it has been
opposed for that reason by a greater or leas num-
ber of the Representatives of the non-slavehold-
ing States. There, sir, the seeds of this discord
were sown by the Federal party; there they
sowed the wind; and if the whirlwind is to be
reaped, they are the authors of whatever calam-
ities or mischiefs may inure from it. As for me,
it is my duty to-day, not to determine whether
discord shall reign; not whether rebellion shall
break out or continue in Kansas; not whether the
ten thousand men already proclaimed by the
President of the United States to be in rebellion
to your Government shall be sustained or put
down; but it is to inquire where is the right, and
to follow it to its results; to follow it to its conse-
quences. That I intend to do.
The attempt to resist the admission of Missouri
was against the judgment of the great body of the
patriots of the land. All authority, except the
authority which I have just stated, was against
it. So there is an end of it on the point of
authority, until recently. Jefferson opposed it.
Madison opposed it. All the fathers of the Re-
public then in public life opposed it, except Mr.
King, and those who followed him in his attack
on the Missouri constitution; and I believe, since
that time, the great majority of the people of the
North have almost universally declared that the
principle was wrong. My honorable friend from
Kentucky was a member of the Cabinet of Mr.
Fillmore. During his administration the great
question arose as to the power of Congress over
this subjectinthe Territories of the United States.
We were unable to solve it. We agreed to let
the question of power over the Territories rest;
but we declared, in the acts for the organization
of Utah and New Mexico, that when they should
be admitted into the Union as States, they might
come in with or without slavery, as their consti-
tutions at the time of admission might prescribe.
This was affiimed by the whole Republic, with
the exception of the bigoted Abolitionists. My
honorable friend over the way [Mr. Douglas]
was supposed to have concurred in that judg-
ment. My honorable friend from Kentucky was
supposed to have concurred in that judgment,
belonging, as he did, to £n administration that
claimed throughout the borders of this land the
merit, if not of its conception, at least of its suc-
cess. I am happy to award it to anybody that
chooses to claim it; so that the great and cor-
rect principles are established, I am indifferent
who gets the credit of them. Those measures
had the approbation of my judgment, and they
received my vote. When the national conven-
tions of the old Democratic party and the Whig
party met, in 1852, at Baltimore, the one unani-
mously affirmed the correctness of those meas-
ures; the other did not affirm them unanimously,
but a large majority did, although there were
sixty-six opposing them, but they supported the
candidates who affirmed the principle. It is,
therefore, fair to assume that, if they did not ap-
prove, they acquiesced in this universal judgment
of the Republic. That sentiment was based on
the principle that there was no rightful authority
here to interfere with the constitutions of States
seeking admission into the Union further than
to see that they established republican forms of
government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator allow
mo to interrupt him ?
Mr. TOOMBS. With s;reat pleasure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 may not have made
myself understood on the point; and if the gen-
tleman did not understand me yesterday as per-
fectly acceding to the principle, and agreeing that,
in my judgment,, every State not only ought to
have, but had, an indefeasible right, when making
her constitution, to determine upon this question
of slavery as to her seemed best, I wisb to say
that I have always entertained that opinion, and
now as fully as ever.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not misunderstand my
friend. This part of my argument is more directly
addressed to a very large number of his present
associates who are endeavoring to defeat the ad-
mission of this State for the reason I have stated;
and I shall also try to show to my friend, and
others, that, if you take away that objection, there
is no legal or valid reason against the admission
of Kansas; and, more than that, no opposition to
it in either House sufficient to defeat it.
I think I have established the principle for which
I contend by authority—authority fully conceded
and acknowledged by my honorable friend. Upon
policy, is it not wise, is it not just, under our sys-
tem, that the people who cast their lot m our dis-
tant territory, who are to be affected by their do-
mestic institutions, shall judge for themselves
what institutions, in their opinion, will best pro-
mote their own happiness, and perpetuate liberty
to their descendants? I will not argue that point
now; the time has passed for that.
I say, then, that, upon principle,upon author-
ity, and upon policy, the declaration held by the
| minority in the Senate of the United States, that
i there shall be no more slave States in this Union,
!! and that Congress has a right to look into the
State constitutions for any purpose they please,
to make them conformable to their ideas of what
is just and right, and for their advantage, has no
foundation in either of those three great elements
of sound constitutional construction.
It may be needful, in the examination of the
second great branch of this inquiry, to ascertain
when Congress may exercise this power to admit
new States. In the first place, at what time may
it exercise it? It is only a question of time. In
the practice of the Government it has been left to
the sound discretion of Congress. Therefore, in
1802, when we acquired Louisiana, we covenant-
ed by treaty that we would admit those people into
the Union as soon as it could be conveniently done.
We did the same thing with Mexico. We did
the same thing with Texas. We said we should
divide her into four States more, as soon as her
population would authorize it. It was done in
the ordinance of 1787 as to the five States to be
formed in the Northwest. It was done in the
contract with the State of North Carolina and the
State of Georgia; and the great and importafit ex-
ercise of this power in advance of the moment of
admission is spread over your statute-books in
compacts, in charters with the people of the Ter-
ritories themselves. You claim and exercise the
right to govern these people to the full extent of
your constitutional power. I have ever acceded
to that right. In the early history of your Gov-
ernment you gave them judges; you gave them
Governors; you declared that their laws should be
binding when submitted to and approved by you.
When population increased, you gave them rep-
resentative government, but with the same sub-
jection to the will of Congress. You then gave
them Territorial Legislatures, making their laws
good and valid when you approved them. In an-
other class they were good and valid unless you
disapproved them.
Finally, in the case of Kansas and Nebraska,
you gave them the power to legislate overall right-
ful subjects of legislation without any supervision
from you, with no other control but the Consti-
tution of the United States, and you declared that
the people who might cast their lot in them should
come into the Union with or without slavery, as
their constitution might prescribe. Therefore
Kansas has now a triple right to admission here.
First, she has it under the treaty with France of
1803; second, she comes here under your general
declaration in the settlement of 1850; third, by
the express provision of the charter you gave her
in 1854. It is her existing law. It is the compact
you made with all the people going to Kansas.
You have given her Legislature control over all
rightful subjects of legislation—the same powers
you had, and to the full extent that you hold them
—subject only to the Constitution of the United
States, which is a limitation on you as well as on
them. You went further; you parted with the
power of admission, as to this State, in 1854. You
told her that she might regulate her domestic in-
stitutions; that you did not intend to plant slavery
in the Territory, or exclude it therefrom, but to
permit her to form her domestic institutions in
her own way; and you have told her that when
the time came for her admission she could come
into the Union with or without slavery as her con-
stitution might prescribe. She has come. Now,
it is for you to keep your faith. ' Will you do it?
Upon the true construction of this organic act
I agree with my honorable friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas.] In his speech of the 9th De-
cember, he declares we established no new prin-
ciple in territorial government, we only place
slavery on the same basis as other domestic msti-
tions. By the act of 1820, slavery was forever
prohibited, no matter what might be the wishes
of the people. They were permitted to regulate
everything else their own way, except slavery; we
struck out the exception and left the general, long
established rule to operate in that, as well as m
all other domestic relations and institutions upon
this point. We did nothing more; we intended
nothing more; by no just intendment can it be
carried further. Its language is express; the in-
terpretation is plain. Therefore, I take occasion
to say that I agree with the distinguished Senator
from Illinois in the interpretation of this great
charter.
By virtue of the Legislative authority thus con-
