mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
ary paid,each one, and th£ authority for the sameS* (Mis.
B<m.se t)oc , l09,)mfid'!byMr'R B. Hackney, Doorkeeper,
in response to a resolution of the House, that he re presents
the unusually large numbei of Jahorero and folders employed
there, amounting in the aggregate to thuty-four, as by au-
thority of Ike Cjmmittee oj Accounts. Suqh is not the case.
That >tarement made to the Hou^e is false.
% By resolutions ot the House of August 8, 1854, and De-
- ceinW 23, JS57, the Doorkeeper is authorized to employ
eight laborers about the Hall, and m-attendance in the cloak
rooms, &c. fie neveriheless represents the committee as
givingliim authority to employ eleven.
He had instructions from said committee to employ not
more than four regular folders, at $3 50 per dav. He has
reported the committee to the House as his authority for
the employment of six at that price. The safeties of the
foyr regular folders authorized by the committee amount to
$300 per month, which it was supposed would bn sufficient
to defray nearly one half tl)e. usual expenditures heretofore
incidental to the folding room.
The economical object of your committee has been en-
tirely frustrated, and the expenditures tu the folding room
increased from an lverage amount of six or eight hundred
dollars to two thousand or twenty-five hundred dollar*" per
month. Here, too, the regular folders, who are returned on
the pay-rolls, and are paid as such, do not perform any such
duty. But a throng of piece folders, unauthorized by your
committee,are employed by Mr. Hncknoy, who permits false
returns to he made upon the books of the amount of piece-
work done, and returns false account*of the t-ame to be au-
dited and settled by your committee, as fs t>ho\vn by the
following comparative table, made out bv the Clerk ot the
House, and contrasting the number of documents actually
delivered during the three months ending May 1, by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, and the number alleged and
returned as folded by the Doorkeeper.
Okkice of House of Representatives U. S.,
May 6,- t8o8.
Sir: In compliance with youi expressed wi-.h,I have ex-
amined the subject of folding documents for the mouths of
February, March, and April Jastj and find that the num-
ber of documents folded in the folding room of the Hou>c
of Representatives, for each of the month* above named,
according lo the pay rolls returned to ihw office, to be as
follows, namely: lor February, 73,974; March, 194,539;
extra do<-uments2;329 ; total 196,868 ; and for April. 3J,804;
extra documents 19,708; total 50,512; for all of which I
have declined payment, for the reason that,accoulingio the
munis as furnished by the Superintendent of Public Punt-
mg, there appears to be too great adt^etepancy between the
number of documents purported to have been folded and
4 the numbri actually delivered bv the said Supfinntondent.
Below I >ubuitt'a comparative table, showing the number
• ot d'K'Uiu"nr-i delivered dunng the la-t three mouths by
the Superintendent, and the number alleged to have been
AJolded. ui tetumed by the Dooikeeper:
^^Dehveied by the Superm- Alleged to l\avc be"n folded
W tendeut in the month of dining the month of Feb-
Febmary  45.9-.Jl ruary  73.274
Do. March  45,933 Do. Mnich 196.808
Do. April  30,790 Do. Apul  50,51-2
Total  132.646 Total 32 >.G54
Or. in oilier words, tTiere fippears to have been an excels i
of 198.008 documents lolded over the number as delivered
by the Superintendent. j
Very re-pocu'ully, . J.C.ALLEN,
Clerk of House of Representatives, United States. 'j
Hon. J. M. Kunkel, Committee of *dccou,nts.
There aie other chatges of mal prru>ticH in offipo and venal I
character pieferied agan^t Mr. liaekney; but \our commit- !
tee conceive that if would not be stuctly proper to repott
thedeeUration-' of Mr. Hackney's subordinate.*., over whom
he domineer-, mo-t unjustly.
In conclusion, llie uuder-tgned. Committee of Accounts,
ay uimminoii* in In-beviug Mi. It. B. liaekney unwoitiiy
of Ihe fru *f lepo-ed in htm by this finite They believe that 1
ho is either entirely and hojieles.-lv incompetent to perioim i
the dunes belonging to hi*= other, oVshovv.-* a willful and de- i
liberate puipo-fe to pcrvctt impropeilvand abu?e the power 1
With which he is invested.
Yom committee, theretore. unanimously recommend the
Adoption of the following i e- oinuon ■
Resolved. I'hat R. li liaekney, the Doorkeepei of the
present Hou*e of Representative-., be, and he is hereby, dis-
missed forthvvitli irom that oliiee
JOHN DICK,
JOHN A. SEARING,
FUA\TCIS E. SPINNER,
J. ?.I KUNKEL,
PAULUS POWELL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe that,
by order of the House, the Doorkeeper was al- !
lowed to make his statement. He lias just handed j
me a statement in reply to that report; arid I send !
it to the Clerk's desk to be read. I
Mr. SICKLES. !s the reply printed ? I
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sir. !
The Doorkeeper's statement was read, as fol- j
lows: ;
To the House of Representatives: i
In reply lo the jepoit made ny the lion. Jacob M. Kun- !
kel, fiom the Committee of Accounts, touching mvoon- j
duct as Doorkeeper ofthe House, I re*pectlul!} submit the :
following communication :
The jepott s-peciaMy set* forth several instances in which, |
in the judgment of thecommittce, I have been guliy oi olfi- I
cial mi!*couduct. It would not have been unreasonable !
that, wiih a view to the reliuattori of *ome or the*e aih-ga- i
tion«, f should have claimed to have b"en informed who .
weie the witnesses before the committee, and vvhatvveie i
their statements. Although tins mav ha^c atevMit'l un-!]
important in the oftvnion of the. coniumtce, yei,Yo the paxty '1
accused, more familiar with {he subject-matter, and more
capable or appreciating the motives of the witnesses, it
might have been of eminent service. Notwithstandmgthis
objection, rf the special in.-tances cited in the report con-
stituted the principal charges which it is my duty to relute,
I should have pioceeded tins day to show that many of them
are incouect in point of fact, and otheib greatly magnified.
Such, however, is not the case.
The committee furthei say, "that there are other chaiges
of malpractice m office and venal character pieferred against
Mr Hackney; but your committee conceive it would not
be strictly pmper to report the declarations of Mr. Hack-
ney's subordinates', over whom he domineers most un-
justly." These words impart not only gross misconduct,
but offenses of a criminal character. It is tiue, gmlt is not
directly charged; but the insinuation is too pointed to be
misconstrued, and, as is well known, has operated most
unfavorably agauift me among the members of this House.
I feel assured that I could not expect to be restored to the
confidence of the House and the country with this sweep-
ine accusation impending over me. As this charge has been
insinuated, without a direct allegation, thiough a committee
of the House, I ask that the matter may be'thoioughly in-
vestigated. I therefore forbear any paitial defence, and
invoke the justice of the Hou?e to refer the subject back to
any committee it may deem propel, for a full and thorough
investigation. I do not ask this lor the puipose of delay. f
pledge myself to be diligent and prompt m pishing forward
the investigation. IfgniUv, Jot me itcetve the condeinna
tion f deserve. Let ir, however, be established in a manner
consent with the right* of the citizen, and not by the cx
parte unsworn statement of hostile witnesses.
U. G. HAUKNJGY.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
it seems, as I understand it from the report of the
committee the other day, and also from the state-
ment of the Doorkeeper, that that report is founded
upon an investigation winch, so far as it went,
was altogether ex parte in its character. It seems,
sir, from the statement of the Doorkeeper, that he
knew nothing, and knows nothing now, of the
witnesses, and that he had no hearing before the
committee upon the statements contained in that
report. I think it but right that the matter should
be thoroughly investigated. As is slated by the
Doorkeeper in his reply, tiie most serious charges
arc barely intimated ; they are not distinctly made
by the committee. 1 think the request of the Door-
keeper is, therefore, quite reasonable, that these
charges should be thoroughly looked into and
investigated, and all the facts brought before the
House. Without consuming further time of the
House with debate upon this question at this time, !
1 move that the matter be referred to the select '
committee appointed to investigate the conduct of
the Doorkeeper, who have not yet reported. I
think it only light and just that the committee
should go oil will] the investigation, and report
the facts to the House, giving the party a right to
a hearing, giving him notice, and letting him con-
front the witnesses It is a great constitutional
right that 110 man shall be put upon trial without
the privilege of confronting the witnesses against
him. It is, therefore, a matter ot' justice to the ,
Doorkeeper. ' ♦
Mr._KU.NKEL, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Georgia is laboring under a great misappre-
hension.
Several Members. Let him finish his remarks.
* Mr. S rEPHENS, of Georgia. In what am I
laboring under a misapprehension ?
Mr KUNKEL, of Maryland. I will not in-
terrupt you.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I may not
have the floor again, I should like to know now.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It would, per-
haps, require some time for me to explain fully
wherein I conceive the gentleman from Georgia is
under misapprehension.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I will
say nothing more at present; but, as I have occu-
pied so short a time, I hope I shall be allowed
an opportunity of replying to the gentleman from
Maryland. I submit the motion that the matter
lie referred to the select committee already ap-
pointed to investigate tlie" conduct of the Door-
keeper.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I\Ir. Speaker,
1 atn sensible that the duty which I have to per-
form to-day is a very unpleasant one—one which
only an imperative sense of public duty would
ever compel me to perform. Prom my earliest
youih I have looked upon the position of a public
accuser and prosecutor as no enviable one; anfl
I have 011 all occasions, when I could do so with
propriety, declined occupying any such position.
I would be willing to accord what the gentle-
man from Georgia claims for the Doorkeeper,
who is under accusation, as a right guarantied to
all men under our system of jurisprudence, but
he has had this right. The Committee of Ac-
counts has presented nothingthathasbeen brought
before them, excepting matters which are of rec-
ord alone—matters which they could not sup-
press without a grave dereliction of duty. They
have, as they have avowed in their report, re-
fused to present to the House statements which
were made by as creditable witnesses as Mr.
Hackney himself. The committee did not think
proper to report such statements, knowing that
the select committee, of which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hbghes] is-chairman, had
already taken this testimony under oath, in the
presence of Mr. Hackney, and are ready now, as
I understand, to present that proof to the House,
and have it read if the House shall see fit to pass
an order to that effect. I did not desire to put
upon record, in an official paper, statements made
against any man who occupies a public position
in Washington, or falsely or calumniousjy assail
those who happen to be 111 authority.
I think,sir, that the House has been most cour-
teous and indulgent, in allowing the Doorkeeper
the privilege of putting on file, on the records of
this House, a statement in contradiction to the
unanimous report of one of its committees. For
myself, I feel it due to my own dignity,-not on
account of my personal merits, but 011 account of
the proud constituency that I represent, to say
distinctly that I will not permit any issue of the
kind to be made by Mr. Hackney, or any other
subordinate otiicer of this House. I am disposed
to do him justice in ail respects, and to give him a
fair hearing; and I would not—and indeed I would
entreat the House, if I should do him injustice,
if I should be too severe in any respect, not to
attribute it to any desire I have to hunt him down.
But, sir, I have done what I have done from a
conscientious sense of duty to the House.
Now, sir, the matters charged in the report are
of a twofold character. The firs.t is, that he has
employed nioie subordinate office'rs of this House
than by law or usage he was allowed to do. For
proof of that statement in the report, I refer the
I gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to House
document No. 109,which contains .vlr. Hackney's  
own statement, made to the House in response' to
a resolution adopted at the instance of the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] whom I do
not see 111 his seat.
By law, he is entitled to appoint twenty-three
assistants. He has reported thirty, and 1 have
been told by a subordinate he has really thirty-
four; all of whom have some equitable claim for
services which they have rendered to the House
as the assistants of the Doorkeeper. I-ie says, in
the margin of his statement made to the House,
that, 011 moving into the new I-Jall, " I" found it
absolutely necessary, for the comfort of members
®the House, to increase the force of messengers,
hoping it would meet the views of Congress. The
committee admonished him, and the Speaker ad-
monished him, that he had no such authority.
The judgment of the committee was distinct that
he was allowed a number of assistants sufficient
to perform the duties which by law are imposed
upon them.
It will be seen, by reading the report, that he has
taken them away from the duties for which they
were intended, and has put three of them in the
folding-room as pretended hook-keepers, to whom
I will allude before I conclude. One he has as--
signed lo the duty of private secretary or clerk to
himself, for his own convenience. He has as-
signed two other messengeis to act as firemen 111
the vaults under the old Hall of the House of
Representatives—a most gross abuse of the power
and confidence which the House has reposed in
him; and for which, if for no other reason, he
should be discharged
The, statement ot Mr. Hackney, read from the
Clerk s desk this morning, does not controvert
these facts. On the contrary, by his silence, he
admits their truth.
It is said by the committee, in their report, that
abuses of still moregiavity exist in the folding-
room; tluit heretofore, under the management of
eveiy Dooikeeper who has had the control of
this department of the House of Representatives,
the expenses have rarely exceeded,during an or-
dinary session of Congress, six or eight humfred
dollars per month; while so great has been the
abuse and falsification of accounts by the Dooi-
keeper, that the expenses of the folding-room
