1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
lion of the wishes of the people, and it shows that
they are opposed to this constitution.
Then, what excuse have we for admitting Kan-
sas into the Union in this mode? This consti-
tution was not made by the people of Kansas,
because they did not participate in the election of
delegates to the Lccompton convention. I know
it is said they ought to have participated in it, but
1 have given the reason why they did not. Frauds
were practiced upon them; the apportionment was
not fair; the registry was not fair; the officers hav-
l ng charge of the poll-books were not men in whom
they had the least confidence; and that they judged
rightly is manifest from subsequent events. Un-
der such circumstances, the great body of the peo-
ple did not go into the election; ana only some
two thousandpersons voted for delegates. I grant
that if all had a fair opportunity to vote, and two
thousand out of twenty thousand voted, those two
thousand would control the others; but in this
case the others had no such fair opportunity.
They did not stay away from the polls for the
reason that they were willing that the two thou-
sand who did vote should act for them, but they
stayed away because they believed their voting
would do no good; they would be outcounted, at
any rate. Is it not idle to say that this constitu-
t ion was made by the people of Kansas, when it was
made under such circumstances as those ? That
it has never been ratified by the people of Kansas,
we all know. They have never had an opportu-
nity to pass upon it by the authority of the conven-
tion. It is said they have passed upon one clause
of it; that is, those who thought proper to vote.
Why should Kansas be admitted into the Union
at the present time under this constitution? The
President tells us it should be done in order to get
rid of this exciting question. Sir, that is exactly
what we were told in 1854 when the Missouri
compromise was repealed. We were told, if you
will repeal that compromise, you will localize the
question of slavery, and transfer it to the Terri-
toi y, where itproperly belongs. We are told now,
if you will admit Kansas under the .Lecompton
constitution, you will localize it. Sir, I believe
the promise now will be as futile as was the
promise before. This will not remove the slavery
agitation from the Halls of Congress. We shall
be as greatly disappointed if we put faith in the
assurances now given by the President, as we
were in the assurances which were given in 18o4.
Now, sir, what have been some of the assur-
ances which have been given by Mr. Buchanan
heretofore, and how has the present state of things
been brought about? I desire to call your atten-
tion, for a few moments, to the manner in which
this constitution is sought to be forced through
Congress, and to some of the contradictions and
inconsistencies of its advocates. A few years ago,
as was shown the other day by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler]—and 1 shall not
trouble the .Senate by reading again the extracts
which he presented—Mr. Buchanan gave it as his
opinion that the Missouri compromise exclud-
ing slavery in what is now Kansas, was con-
stitutional, and he stated that he had supported
jr. Within the last year, he has said that it was
a mystery to him that anybody should ever have
questioned the right to introduce slaves into Kan-
sas under the Constitution of the United States.
In Jus letter accepting the nomination for the
Presidency, he distinctly avowed the doctrine that
the p&Qpie of the Territory had the right to ex-
clude slavery while in a territorial condition. I
have that letter before me. In it he says, after
alluding to the legislation in regard to Kansas and
Nebraska:
" This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient
us free government itself, and, in accordance with them, has
mid ply declared that the people ot a Territory, like tho-e of
a rfute, shall decide lor themselves whether blavery shall
or shall not exist within their lurntfe."
That does not mean that they shall decide it
when they form a State government, but it means
that they shall decide while in the territorial condi-
tion whether slavery shall exist within their limits
as a Territory. This is manifest from what fol-
lows:
" How vain and illusory would any otherprinciple prove
in piactice in regard to the Teiritories! This is appatent
lmm the fact admitted by all, that, after a Territory shall
Lave entered the Union and become a State, no constitu-
tion:!.! power would then exist winch could prevent it from
either abolishing or establishing slavery, a.-s the case may
he, according to us sovereign will and pleasure.'*
So that he was speaking in regard to the right
of the people of the Territory to exclude slavery
from their limits while in a territorial condition.
It was with this letter before the country that he
was elected President. No sooner was he elected
Chief Magistrate than we find him uttering this
doctrine in one of his messages:
"It has been solemnly adjudged by the highest judicial
tribunal known to our laws, that slavery exists in Kansas
by virtue of the Constitution of the United States."
I have already shown that no such decision has
been made. He assumes that it has been.
"Kansas is, therefore, at this moment as much a §lave
State as Georgia or South Carolina. Without this, the
equality of the sovereign States composingthe Union would
he violated, and the use and enjoyment of a Territory ac-
quired by the common treasure of ail the States would be
closed against the people and the property of nearly half
the members of the Confederacy. Slavery can, theiefoie,
never be prohibited in Kansas, except by means of a con-
stitutional provision,andin no other manner can this be ob-
tained so promptly, if a majority of the people de&ire it, ab by
admitting it into the Union under its present constitution.15
He does not explain how slavery is to be pro-
hibited, except he says the people may Change
their constitution. First admit them as a slavo
State in order to afford them a quick means of
becoming a free State! He says further in his
message that the convention " did submit the
question whether Kansas should be a free or a
slave State."
Is that true? Did they submit any such ques-
tion to the people? They submitted whether a
slavery clause should be stricken out or retained in
the constitution, but they did not submit to the
people of Kansas to decide whether it should be a
free State or a slave State,because it was a slave
State to all intents and purposes, whether the
slavery clause was stricken out or not. If stricken
out the constitution still provided that the slavery
existing there should never be interfered with. I
could not make this clearer if I were to talk about
it fur an hour. The constitution is before us
declaring that the existing institution of slavery
shall not be interfered with even if the slavery
clauso be stricken out. In the face of this rec-
ord the President has the assurance to say to the
Congress of the United States that—
"The question can never be more clearly or distinctly
presented than it is at th« present moment."
Is that true ? Was it clearly and distinctly pre-
sented? We know the impediments that were
thrown around the right of franchise, that no
matter how the people voted on the question sub-
mitted to them, Kansas was to be a slave State in
any event.
The difficulties attending this question are not
to be got rid of by the admission of Kansas under
this constitution, as the President supposes. I
know that support of this measure is now sought
to be made a test of Democracy; a test of party
faith; and in this respect it is the counterpart of
the Kansas-Nebraska act. I remember very well
when that act passed, and the attempt was first
made to make it a lest of Democracy. I had no
idea then that it would succeed. I had myself
always been a Democrat. I disapproved of that
measure, as did most of the Democracy, as far as
I know, in the State of Illinois. Some thought
it injudicious; some thought the principle right
enough, but doubted the policy; and nearly all
concurred in expressions of regret that the Mis-
souri compromise was interfered with. I had no
idea at that time, when I expressed my dissent
from the measure, that I was to cease to be a
Democrat. But, sir, then was inaugurated that
. test of Democracy which had never before ob-
' tained in this country. It was then determined
that as a man acted in regard to the extension of
slavery into the Territories of the United States,
he was to be. considered a Democrat or not. 1
chose to adhere to my position, and oppose a
measure which I thought would lead to the spread
of slavery, although it should be followed by ex-
communication from a party calling itself Demo-
cratic. I deny that after it set up this new test,1
it was the real old Democratic party. Admission
to its ranks or its offices did not, after 1854, de- •
pend upon the principles which a man individu- i
ally entertained in regard to any of the great I
measures which formerly distinguished Demo-:
crats from Whigs, but depended entirely upon !
his views on tho slavery question; and hence we j
see that many of the champions of the old Whig '
party are now the trusted leaders of the so-called i
Democracy. . i
Now another test is sought to be introduced; a
test involving not only the question whether
slavery shall go into Kansas, but involving also
the principle of self government, and whether the
free white people of Kansas shall be permitted to
form a government for themselves. I do not be-
lieve we should have had this test but for the
slavery question. If slavery were not connected
with this Kansas matter, I think there would be
no considerable party in the country advocating
the admission of that Territory into the Union as
a State under this constitution. Slavery lies at
the bottom of the difficulty. But there is involved
in this issue another principle besides that of Af-
rican slavery; a principle reaching to white men.
For the purpose of carrying out the views of this
so-called Democratic party in regard to slavery,
we see them now willing to force upon a people
a constitution they never made, abandoning the
professed principles upon which they passed the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. That bill never could have
been sustained; that measure would have met
with utter condemnation throughout the northern
States, if it had been understood at tho time it
passed, as it is understood now—that is, as deny-
ing to the people of the Territory the right to ex-
clude slavery while in a territorial condition. It
was the self-government principle; it was the sup-
posed right to regulate the matter for themselves
that induced many of the people of the North to
approve that measure. I was not one of those who
believed that the bill established any such princi-
ple, but there were others who did; and although,
when the Kansas-Nebraska act passed, they had
not the sagacity to foresee the consequences to
which it would lead, I commend their honesty,
now they do see them, in coming to the rescue of
the country, and to the great principle of free
government which has now, at all events, been
brought into peril.
Sir, I look upon this as a great question. It is
no insignificant matter, as has been intimated;itis
a question vital to the existence of this Govern-
ment. You pass this Lecompton constitution, and
what is the example which you set to the country
and to the world? You refuse to investigate these
frauds, you bring a State into the Union with the
evidence staring you in the face that itcomes in un-
der a constitution formed in fraud and in iniquity,
and against the will of the people, upon whom it
is sought to be enforced. Do you suppose that
the example will not be contagious? There is
already too much cheating at elections.
We hear of it in Philadelphia. We have heard
of ballot-box stuffing in California. We have
heard of fraudulent returns in Minnesota. To
cap the climax, here we have these fraudulent re-
turns from Kansas, of which we not only have
heard, but which have been proved to exist. Do
you believe, if they are sanctioned, that they will
not lead to other frauds in other parts of the
Union ? Will not bad men everywhere, who love
power, resort to similar means to attain or to per-
petuate it? Will not those holding the ballot-
boxes and making the returns of election in other
parts of the Union, follow the example set them
at Delaware Crossing, Kickapoo, and Oxford,
and sanctioned by Congress? I tell you that the
purity of the ballot-box is necessary to the pres-
ervation of republican government; and when you
cease to regard it, or protect it, you sap the very
foundation upon which the Government rests.
Therefore, I regard it as an all-important ques-
tion in its consequences, not only upon Kansas,
for I will not undertake to say, nor do I know,
the conscquences which will result there. I think
1 do know the conscqucnces which would result
from a defeat of this measure. There would be
peace. All that Congress^has to do is to cease
from legislation—do nothing. The people of Kan-
sas will now manage their own affairs in peace if
let alone. The government has been wrestedfrom
the hands of the usurpers who had control of it.
The people themselves have taken possession of
it. They will go on, and in due time form a con-
stitution and be admitted into the Union. But,
sir, if you pass this constitution, I will not under-
take to be responsible for the consequences; nor
can I foresee what they will be. No good can
result from it—nothing but evil. The South itself
will have gained nothing, for surely the South
does not wish to perpetuate injustice and wrong.
The South cannot wish to bring a State into the
Union upon fraudulent returns. Then, if you are
