1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
have run up from six or eight hundred dollars, to
twenty or twenty-five hundreddollars per month.
This fact he does not pretend to deny. He does
not pretend to say that it is untrue. These are
matters of record; records which were before the
committee; records in your Clerk's office, which
may be examined by any gentleman for his own
satisfaction. How has it been done ?
Mr. SPINNER. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment just at this point?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman from Mary-
land asked how it had been done. I will state,
for the information of the House, that the things
spoken of as beine folded were books, and not
speeches. Now, if gentlemen will examine the
report of th * committee, they will find that for the
month of April—I take that month, because it
seems that near the close of that month Mr. Hack-
ney found that the committee were on his track—
I say it will be found that his returns for the books
folded were cut down from one hundred and nine-
ty-six thousand eight hundred and si.xty-eight and
odd, to fifty thousand five hundred and twelve and
odd. He found that we were examining his ac-
counts, and that we had ascertained that the num-
ber returned by him largely outran that furnished'
by the Superintendent of Public Punting;. We
found that his regular account in his book for
April had been entirely torn out, and the leaves
were gone. This fact we knew, but we refrained
from putting it into our report, for it was agreed
by the committee that they would make no specific
charges, but that the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Kunkel,] who made the report, should state
the facts of the case, and advise VIr. Hackney to
resign. I understand that he did so. But the Door-
keeper has chosen to put himself on his defense,
and out of doors I understand he is arraigning the
committee for dishonesty 1 understand tins morn-
ing that the leaves which were torn out have been
found, and in a place whete it is not difficult to tell
who had possession of them. From these leaves
I have compiled a statement, which 1 will give to
the House. L find that there are nine accounts at-
tached to the names of the persons employed in
the folding-room. These leaves, before or since
they were torn out, had additional columns added
to them m pencil, in which the amount is very
much reduced. I present to the House a state-
ment of the changes which were made as to the
number of documents folded, and as to the amount
of charges for the folding. The statement is only
a summary.
= i
= •
- o
"L '
*-2 5
15 ^
Names of folders.
2 - =
3 J'
3
Z £ £
Cc =
c
q
o * 2
>
John A Devine...
6.536
3.9-78
(iTS
14
$15 71
E. ^ Mathews....
f>.520
3.636
2o
OS
14 54
F. D Dou ling....
0,-/93
3.819
27
17
3 5 27
W. M Fi-iict 
8 065
4,023
32
art
16 09
J. S Bonk 
1 i ,0:2-1
2.609
4.*>
•JO
1(1 43
H. H. Clink 
11.340
2 604
41
9o
10 41
J. fi. Hopkins 
30.040
4,093
52
as
16 37
Cyi us Sp'ingler...
17.275
3.370
76
«1
25
13 43
C. P. Austin 
21,314
2,720
85
10 SS
Total? 
101,607
30,812
$415
95
$123 IS
The price for folding books is forty cents per
hundred volumes. Mr. Boak has fifteen hundred
speeches, at seventy-five cents per thousand, add-
ed to his account. Mr. Spangler has, in addition
'to his account for folding books, also added there-
to §>7 61 for folding ten thousand one hundred
and fifty speeches. The account, then, stands in
this way:
Volume? folded as per old book 101,807
At 40 cents per J00 volumes $407 22
Add fur Spunkier toldina speeches.. 7 61
" tor Boak foiding speeciie  1 12
  $415 95
Volumes folded as per new book  30,802
At 40 cents per 100 volumes $123 20
Overchaige     $292 75 71,005
Showing, on averaging these nine accounts, that
nearly three and one third to one was charged
for every book folded; and, m the case of Mr.
Austin, nearly eight for one.
The Superintendent of Public Printing returns,
for the month of April, thirty thousand seven
hundred and ninety volumes as delivered to the
superintendent of the folding-room, which varies
but twelve volumes from the corrected account of
the Doorkeeper.
Mr. NICHOLS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr KUNKEL, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to ask whether, in
the month of March, the President's message and
documents were not comprised in the number of
documents delivered; and if so, whether the dis-
crepancy may not be accounted for from the fact
that they were comprised in three volumes instead
of one ? If jso, it ought to go to the justification
of the Doorkeeper.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. If the gentle-
man from New Yotk will allow me to proceed, I
will answer the question of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SPINNER. Certainly. There are other
things which I intended to state; but I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I have to say
that the committee acted wi.th great leniency and
forbearance towards Mr. Hackney.
If I understood correctly his statement, when
read at the Clerk's desk this morning, he said that
the committee gave him no opportunity to be con-
fronted with his accusers. His accusers were not
living persons; they were his own returns made
in writing. He was summoned before the com-
mittee to explain these returns. I have a. copy of
a note written to him by the chairman of the com-
mittee, requesting him to appear lie fore them.
Every member of the committee will rise on this
floor, and state that such is the fact; and 1 will
say that, in my judgment, without referring more
particularly to what he said, his own statement
to the committee inculpated him more than his
returns to the Clerk's office. When 1 informed
him of the nature yf the report which the commit-
tee had directed me to draw up, and of the reso-
lution which I should otTer, thinking it my duty
to do so, and that I would be carrying out the
wishes of the committee, I said to him: " Mr,
Hackney, my advice is, that you should resign
your office. If you do so, although perhaps it is
a dereliction of duty upon the part of the com-
mittee to suppress what are matters of record, I
■ will use the little influence I possess to hold them
j back." He did not then, nor can he now, con-
! trovert the facts which arc set forth in the report
; as matters of record alone. He offered no expla-
| nation; and he does not pretend to make one this
] morning. What he does complain of I will refer
i to hereafter; and, though it is extremely unpleas-
j ant, I will endeavor to show that there is some
j truth in what he pronounces an innuendo and in-
j sinuation—a truth so overwhelming and crushing
i that he will bitterly repent the conuoversy which
he himself has provoked here this day.
\ Mr. SEWARD, i would like to inquire from
I the gentleman from Maryland  *
i Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I would rather
! not yield, because it breaks up the continuity of
! my thoughts,
' Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
; I object to the gentleman alluding to any facts
f which do not appear on the record m this trans-
action, because it involves the character of the
, Doorkeeper; and I am frank to say that I think he
i is badly enough complicated without referring to
| facts outside of the record.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
i question of order raised by the gentleman from
; Georgia.
: Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. When the Door-
! keeper was informed of the nature of the report,
I he complained that the committee had not sum-
| moned before them his book-keeper and the su-
| perintendent of the folding-room, saying, " Mr.
| Kunkel, you ought not to make that report until
i these parties are examined; for if there is any-
! thing wrong in the folding-room, they are to be
! held responsible, and not me." 1 said to him,
■ " Mr. Hackney, the committee did not summon
i! your clerk before them, because they had the re-
s' turns of your clerk, in writing, before them. They
■ ' want no explanation of them. The superintend-
ent of the folding-room was brought before the
|| committee, and his statement only inculpates you
! i more." The superintendent of the folding-room,
!! who has endeavored, honestly, I believe, to*dis-
charge his duty, has warned, the committee for
the last six weeks of improper entries roads" on
these books, and false returns being made in re-
gard to the amount of folding done by Mr, Hack- t
ney's book-folders. He states that the accounts *•
of piece-foldingfor the month of April were made %
up on the books, to the aggregate of some hun- (j
drcd and ninety-six thousand volumes, or there-
abouts—a number equal to that returned by him
for the month of March, or nearly so. Ascer-
taining, however, that the Committee of Accounts
had these accounts under investigation, the leaves
of the book were cut out, and the account for
April was restated, reducing the number, origin-
ally returned asone hundred and ninety-six thou-
sand, down to fifty or sixty thousand. That is
what Mr. Evans, his own superintendent, sayi.
Mr. ZOLLiCOFPER. Did the committee as-
certain in whose handwriting the entries, in the
leaves cut out, were made, and in whose hand-
writing the restated accounts were made? whether
they were made by the same person ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do not know
whether they are in the handwriting of the same
person,
Mr. SPINNER. I understand that both are in
the handwriting of Mr. Hives, who is the book-
keeper of the Doorkeeper.
Mi. ZOL Li COFFER. Were the ordinal en-
tries and the subscquententries in the same hand-
writing ?
Mr. SPINNER., T think so; although—the one
being in pencil and the other in ink—it is not so
entirely certain; but I think they are in the same
hand writing.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It is stated by
the committee, Mr. Speaker, as one other fact that
forced tln-m to the reporting of the resolution be-
fore the House,that Mr. Hackney has falsified the
accounts of this folding-room and made false re-
turns of the number of books or documents folded. -
How is it shown? The committee hav« no per-
sona! knowledge of the facts, and Mr. Hackney '
himself disavows any personal knowledge of them.-
The discrepancy between the number of volumes
returned by the Doorkeeper as folded for the '
months of February, March, and April, and the
number of documents actually delivered by the
Superintendent of Public Printing to the document-
room, is so great that no reasoning man can pos-
sibly account for the disciepan^y.
He does not, in his statement this morning, pre-
tend to be able to explain the discrepancy. The
number delivered by theiSupertutendent of Pub-
lic Piinting to the folding-room to be folded
amounted for the three months to one hundred
and twenty-two thousand and forty-six; the num-
ber of documents alleged to have been folded is
three hundred and twenty thousand six hundred
and fifty-four. It is but just to the Doorkeeper
to say that he insists there is a mistake, and at-
tempts to account for the discrepancy existing
between the two statements by saying that it has
been the custom of the folding-room to charge
double for folding quarto volumes, arid to charge
double for the Piesident's message and accom-
panying documents—generally contained in three
octavo volumes. Each volume is folded sepa-
rately, and the three put in one general envelop.
He insists, with some degree of justice, I admit,
that he ought to be allowed more than for folding
one volume.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill (H. R. No 542) to authorize
the vestry of Washington parish to take and in-
close certain parts of streets in Washington city
for the purpose of extending the Washington
cemetery, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 168) to relieve the corporation of
Georgetown from the expense of making and re-
pairing roads west of frock creek;
An act (No. 182) for the enforcement of me-
chanics' hens on buildings, &c., m the District
of Columbia;
An act (No. 191) for the benefit of public sehools
in the city of Washington;
An act (No. 227) authorizing the organization
