1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7@
Mr. KELLOGG. Then, sir, I shall most cor-
dially vote for the resolution as it now stands j
before the House. !
Mr. BURNETT. There seems to be a general I
feeling upon the part of the House that we should !
order this investigation; and I think it is due to j
the outgoing Clerk, as there have been charges j
made against him of a grave and serious charac- j
ter over responsible signatures, that we should j
do so. I suppose the House fully understands i
the subject, and that there is no necessity for any '
further debate. I therefore now move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to propose a modi- •
fication of the amendment which will obviate the |
objection of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nicii- j
ols,} if the gentleman from Kentucky will allow '
me to do so, and then the previous question can
be called. I understood the objection of the gen- '
tleman from Ohio to be that the effect of the adop- ,
tion of this resolution, as amended, would be to j
withdraw from the Committee on Accounts their i
proper duty of auditing and settling the.accounts [
of the Clerk. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee that he add the following proviso
to his amendment:
Provided, That this shall not withdraw from the Com-
mittee on Accounts their legitimate jurisdiction m the aud-
iting and settling the accounts of the Clerk.
If the gentleman from Kentucky will with-
draw the demand for the previous question, I
•will myself propose that modification, and I sup-
pose it will obviate the difficulty of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not feel disposed to
withdraw the previous question, for I do not un-
derstand that this resolution confers upon the
special committee any authority to settle the ac-
counts of the Clerk. The object is to provide
for an investigation of the conduct of the out-
going Clerk, to ascertain whether his action has
Been in accordance with law, or whether he has
violated his duty and his responsibility to the
House; I insist on the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman from Tennessee has withdrawn
his amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has not withdrawn his amendment. He
modified it by striking out the latter clause.
Mr. STANTON. I desire, with the consent
of the gentleman from Kentucky, to make a sin-
gle suggestion.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on the demand for
the previous question, and debate is notin order.
Mr. MASON. I hope my colleague will allow
me to make a single remark.
Mr. BURNETT. The appeal of my col-
league places me in an embarrassing position. ;
If it be the pleasure of the House that I should j
withdraw the demand for the previous question, |
I will do so if my colleague will renew it. I
[Loud cries of "No, no!"] Well, then, sir, I j
insist upon the previous question. !
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire ;
whether, under that resolution, the committee ]
will have authority to examine witnesses under j
oath ? |
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer |
that question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe they will
not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. They can do it under the
law of the last Congress.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I desire to appeal to my col-
league to allow me to offer a resolution of inquiry.
I desire to do it now, in order to give the Execu-
tive Departments time to furnish the information.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
BILLS REPORTED AND REFERRED.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to au-
thorize the issue of Treasury notes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the same
committee, reported bills of the following titles;
which were severally read twice, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered ta be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1859; and
A bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government, for
the year ending June 30, 1859.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, a
communication fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
OHIO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. The memorial of Clement L. Val-
landigham, contesting the right of Lewis D.
Campbeel to his seat as Representative from the
third congressional district of Ohio in this Con-
gress, was presented under the rule, and referred
to the Committee of Elections. An order to print
■ it was not taken at the time it was presented, and
I now move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved. That a selcct committee, composed ofthirteen
membcis, lie appointed by the Speaker, to which shall be
referred so much of the President's annual message as re-
lates to a rnihoad fiom the valley ot the Mississippi livei
to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from the
Committee of Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, it was
Ordered, That leave be given for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers m the ease of the heirs of
Dr. Fiedenck Seigle, and that they bereterred to the Court
of Claim-;.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, also asked and
obtained leave for the withdrawal of certain pa-
pers for reference—some to the Committee on
Pensions, and some to the Committee of Claims.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask that a communica-
tion from the War Department, received the other
day, relating to an omission in the Army appro-
priation bill, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be au-
thorized to employ a clerk at a compensation of four dol-
lars a day during lus service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois._ I hope the
gentleman will consent to modify his resolution
so as to embrace the employment of clerks for
other committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
hardly m order for the gentleman to amend his
resolution so as to include other committees, in-
asmuch as this resolution conies as a report from
his committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has in-
variably been the practice to do so.
Mr. QUITMAN. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs would not, of course, report a gen-
eral resolution, although I should like to favor
one giving clerks to those committees that have
usually had them. But I can only, at present,
report this resolution as adopted by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. That question of
orderwas made two years ago, when it was ruled
that it was in order to amend a resolution author-
izing the employment of a clerk to one commit-
tee, by authorizing the employment of cler£s to
other committees. The question was raised, dis-
cussed , and decided by the Chair and acquiesced
in by the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I await with pleasure the
decision of the Chair on the subject. I desire,
however, that this resolution should notbe preju-
diced by an amendment. If a general resolution
of the House be ruled to be in order by-the
Speaker I shall not resist it.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I do not know why any gen-
tleman should insist on amending the resolution
of the gentleman from Mississippi. That gentle-
man is instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to ask for the employment of a clerk.
That committee occupies a peculiar position. It
has its business to do. Other committees of the
House may occupy a different position. They
may have more business or less business. If the
gentleman from Mississippi permits his resolution
j to be amended by the propositions of other gentle-
, men who wish to move for clerks to committees,
, of course his committee must take common fat?
J with ail other committees that want clerks. Why
do not gentlemen submit independent provisions?
The committees will all soon be called, and the
chairman, or some member of each that wants a
clerk, may submit a resolution to that effect, and
the House will vote then on the claim of each
committee by itself and for itself. I suggest that
the gentleman from Mississippi call the previous
question on his resolution, and let it stand or fall
on its own merits.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have before me
the Journal of two years ago. A motion was
made at that time by the honorable member from
Mississippi, precisely as it is made now, and an
honorable gentleman from Kentucky then moved
an amendment, to insert:
"That the Committees on Elections, Foreign Affairs,
Judiciary, Tcrriunics, Commerce, Post Office and Post
Roads, and Public Lands, be each authorized to employ
the services of clerks to said committees respectively, at a
per diem compensation of four dollars, so long as said
committees deem their services necessary."
That amendment was adopted on a motion
then made, as it is made now, by the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi. If it be in order, I
move now the same amendment that was moved
then. It will save a variety of motions, and the
consumption of the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. Following the precedent,
the Chair will receive the amendment. Ttie
Chair doubts very much whether the amendment
is strictly in order. But the precedent is estab-
lished, and the Chair will follow it. - "
The amendment was reported as above.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would have preferred that
each committee should move for a clerk for itself,
! and to let the House consider the claim of each
committee by itself. But gentlemen have chosen
to pursue another course, and therefore, as I
have been charged by the Naval Committee to
ask a clerk for them, I rise for the purpose of
moving an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] by in-
serting the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I accept that amend-
ment, and ask the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
and amendment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
division—ayes 22, noes 112.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being now upon the adoption of
the amendment,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 91.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, one iitth
of the members having voted therefor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will suggest that this
proposition before us is not full. In justice to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, I ask that
the amendment may be amended so as to include
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. That com-
mittee was allowed a clerk during the last Con-
gress. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to amend the amendment as 1 have suggested.
