128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs..
Senate.
Yet they are sought to be turned away, because
a faction in the Territory refused to acknowledge
the law, and refused to exercise the right to vote
for members of this convention, thus fully and
fairly offered to them, and that offer pressed Upon
them by the Governor, and protected in its free
and impartial exercise by the military power of
the Government.
My honorable friend from Kentucky farther
objects to this constitution, for the reason that it
appears, from an election held on the 4th of Janu-
ary, that there were ten thousand votes against it,
and therefore he asserts that it is not the act and
deed of the people. This position cannot stand
the test of reason or principle, and has already
been answered by the principles heretofore estab-
lished. This constitution was concluded and fin-
ished before this vote was taken. It was a nullity.
This Territorial Legislature had no more power
over it than it had over the constitution of Ken-
tucky. It was a complete act of the people in
their sovereign capacity, and was beyond the
reach of the Territorial Legislature. Their powers
were wholly derived from Congress, and were
exhausted with the act calling the convention.
Neither the Legislature which called the conven-
tion, nor any subsequent, could recall the act or
modify or control in any way this sovereign act
of the people. It is not a legislative power to con-
trol the people in forcing a constitution; this is
true of State Legislatures, much more of a Terri-
torial Legislature, deriving its powers, not from
the people, but from Congress. The case of Iowa
is analogous, if sound.
My friend from Kentucky says the Territorial
Legislature called a new convention and made a
new constitution, superseding the old one after
the action of Congress. I will reserve criticism
on this precedent for the future. It is sufficient
to say this Territorial Legislature did not appeal
to that source of power—the psgfgk—to control
their constitution, but undertook the work them-
selves. The honorable Senator confounds the
powers of a Territorial Legislature over a consti-
tution with the powers of the people over the same
subject. Many of the States have never submit-
ted their constitutions to the people. Can then-
Legislatures do so now? If not, why ? How
have they lost the power, if they ever possessed
it? The whole doctrine is a fallacy, and a dan-
gerous fallacy, subversive of popular rights and
dangerous to public liberty. Like
'• The fruit
Of that foi bidden true, wIiopo mortal tasto
Brought death into tho world, and all oui woe,"
it runs through all the descendants of the original
culprit. But there seems to be a sovereign cure
for their polluted, evil bodies. Dip them in the
turbid waters of Black Republicanism, and they
become clean. Then the last became a good Le-
gislature; the others were bad ones! 1 admit
it was a good Legislature; it was as legal as any
of them—no more, no less. But when this con-
stitution was adopted by the convention, all
except the clause submitted by them became the
will of the people, legally, constitutionally ex-
pressed, not to be gainsayed here or elsewhere.
On the 21st of December, when that clause was
submitted and affirmed, the work was complete:
nothing but the power which created could de-
stroy it.
Then it follows, that the vote of ten thousand
on the 4th of January was taken without au-
thority, as the President has justly stated. 1 think
my honorable friend was not successful in his at-
tack on that argument. 1 think it stands on the
soundest principles of public and constitutional
law. 1 think that, as well as the masterly expo-
sition of all the events in Kansas concerning tho
adoption of the Lecompton constitution, by the
President of the United States, has really left
nothing forme, or for its advocates on that branch,
except to repeat those upanswcicd and unanswei-
able arguments.
But gentlemen go outside of tho constitution.
They say again, it is not the work of the people
because it was established by usurpation and
fraud. I wish to call my friend's attention to a |
very important branch of this controvery between |
Jnm and me. He says that the first Legislature j
was elected by usurpation and fiaud, and that that |
has becomc history. Who wrote that history? I
It is not to be found in the legislative records; it
is not*to be found in your executive records, un-
less you call the statements of runaway Governors
executive records. They spoke a different lan-
guage when in power, and this infirmity seems
to have been common with Kansas Governors.
The first Governor (Mr. Reeder) who went there
thought this Legislature legal and fair, until it
would no longer subserve his gainful operations.
I believe he started a quarrel when they moved
the place of sitting from his town to somebody
else s town, and then it V>ccame an unconstitu-
tional and illegal body ! The assertion that the
first Legislature was a Legislature set up by vio-
lence and fraud, is not supported by history, or
by one particle of evidence, and I will show it
before I take my seat. I now propose to show
to my friend that the mmority-and the majority,
that all parties in the Legislature of Kansas, and
Reeder himself, maintained the validity of that Le-
gislature; that it was a fair and honest election, as
to a majority of both branches. My friend from
Illinois, in one of the ablest reports he ever drew,
settled this point beyond all peradventure with
reference to the action of the Legislature; and
here are his comments upon it, m his report of
the 12th of March, 1856:
" So far as the question involves the legality of the Kan-
sas Legislature, and the validity of its actSjitentirely im-
material whether vvc adopt tho reasoning and conclusions
of the minority oi majority reports, for each pioves that the
Legislature wac legally and duly constituted. The minority
report establishes the laet, by I he position tliai tin- duvet n-
or's certificate was conclusive, and thai hi' grained cei titi-
cates to ten out of the thirteen Uouiieilineu, and to seven-
teen out ot the twenty-six Representatives, who imally lndd
their seats, which was largely more than a quorum of ouch
branch of the Legislature. The majority report establishes
the same fact, by the position, that aftei going behind the
Governor oeiulicate, and caietully examining the taets,
they con finned thes« s*am<a ten Counrilmen and seventeen
Representatives in then seats, and then awaided tin* seats
of the other three (Jouncilinen and nine Representatives to
the candidates whom they believed to have been legally
elected at uie general election on the 30th of Mateli/'
That is the evidence furnished by tho Legisla-
ture of Kansas. Thatis the evidence furnished by
the minorityand majority S her first Legislature.
All the rest of the seats were unanimously af-
firmed but the seven. Theelection took place in
March; the Legislature did not meet until July,
and there were but seven seats contested. The
Missouri invasion started here and went back to
Kansas. There of course it was dressed up with
ail the art of the masterly agents who were em-
ployed in the business. The name fact was estab-
lished by a report in the other House, the official
document to which I will turn my attention. In
both the reports of the majority and minority,
even of this roving commission that was sent out
to Kansas to get up materials for the presidential
campaign of 1836, and who brought back enough
of it, perhaps too much—more than the people
believed at all events—facts are given disproving
this allegation. Compare the tables there given.
Thirty days before the 30th of March, according
to the organic act, a census was taken. Reeder
was Governor, and was required to take the cen-
sus of the actual residents of the Territory m or-
der to divide the Territory into election districts.
The census showed sixteen hundred men from
southern States, one thousand from free States,
and two hundred from foreign countries. There
were nearly two thirds, a majority of six hundred
southern men, at the fiust election by the official
report for the purpose of dividing the Territory
into election districts. Then the legality of the
elections was admitted by both committees m the
Legislatute and by Governor Reeder himself.
Yet my friend says it is history that this was an
invasion. The acts of Reeder while Governor,
the official action of all parties m the Legislature,
are to be set aside before that great history con-
tained in Black Republican reports and stump
speeches.
If the speech of the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] is history, then frauds
are historically established. If the speech of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] is history, then also are they thus es-
tablished. The statement I make is to be found
m the copy of the official records before me. This
census was taken before a single disturbance in
Kansas, taken under the organic act by the first
Governor, for the legitimate purpose of dividing
the Territory into election districts according to
population, and therefore is freer from suspicion
or taint than any other evidence on this subject.
The men sent by the Massachusetts aid societies
had not got in there; and my friend now gives
the authority of his great name to a charge which
I say is entirely unsupported by a particle of evi-
dence, but is disproved by the strongest and most
irrefragable documentaiy evidence admitted by
all sides of this question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will my friend allow
me a word of explanation ?
Mr. TOOMBS. With pleasure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did suppose, sir, that
it was agenerally recognized fact that the history
of Kansas was sufficient to show that that election
was carried by votes intruded upon the soil of
that Territory. 1 have not been very diligent in
tracing the memorials or the written evidences of
these matters; but [ lehed chiefly on the fact that
I had conversed with some gentlemen, and I con-
sider them as reliable as I claim to be myself, who
told me that they were of the invading party them-
selves; thatthey went themselves and acted apart
in it; and that the truth was as stated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator from
Georgia know the number of votes cast at the
March election, 18555
Mr. TOOMBS. The document is before me,
but I have not turned to the point.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is in the same document.
When the census was taken in February, there
were some twenty-seven hundred inhabitants,
and there were about six thousand votes cast m
March.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; there was a great in-
crease.
Mr. COLLAMER. A sudden increase on that
day.
Mr. GREEN rose.
Mt. TOOMBS. Excuse me, if you please.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to ask one question of
the Senator from Kentucky, with the permission
of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I prefer not. Ask me ques-
tions,if you wish; but these crossfires sometimes
lead to difficulties. I will answer any question
myself.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would very much pre-
fer that the Senator would allow the question to
be put.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am quite sure that in any
statement my honorable friend made he was per-
fectly sincere. I know he was. I did not doubt
it then or now. Hence, I say, I felt constrained to
examine his statement, as it was going forth under
the sanction of one so well entitled to the credit
and confidence of the country. It is due to the
cause, it is due to truth, it is due to this great
question, that any inadvertence of my friend, or
want of examination on his part, should be cor-
rected. That men wentfiom Missouri to the polls
in Kansas, in not exceeding seven districts, is
what I stated before to have been alleged, when
the first Legislature met; but I do not understand
that a foray on one ballot-box is to overturn an
election in a State or Territory. My friend may
have seen a hundred who said they went to the
polls and voted illegally. It is often the case ev-
erywhere; but to the great majority of the Council
and Assembly the certificates were granted by
Reeder, and their right to seats was affirmed by
the Legislature, by all sides unanimously. Ought
not that to outweigh the history of partisans, who
at the time the Legislature met, and before the
seven contested seats were decided, unanimously
affirmed the legality and rightfulness of the elec-
tion of two thirds of the Council and Assembly?
There was no dispute about them. They did say
that m three, four, five, six, or seven districts,
there was a dispute. It went only to the election
of seven men. That was the whole extent of the
invasion, as then contended. I say that up to the
decision of this question by that Legislature, there
cannot be found in the records of Kansas, nor m
the memorials to this House for relief against it,
even an allegation that in more than seven dis-
tricts the polls were wrongfully and fraudulently
usurped; and in these the allegation is not sup-
ported by satisfactory evidence. I have a stiong
opinion, from a former very thorough investigation
of this point, that no man was molested or pre-
