1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT,
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the effect
would be to excuse the gentleman. |
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. Then I object, i
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the motion be '
laid upon the table. '
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor when it is
called up.
Mr. PENDLETON. I yielded only for a mo-
ment. I shall object to this being taken out of
my time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon ;
the table ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor when the motion is .
called up. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If you proceed i
with the bill reported from the Committee on !
Military Affairs by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr.'CIvitman,] will it be m the morning j
hour ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether this bill can consume the morning hour,
morning after morning, under the rule as amended
at the convenement of this Congress?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it can. The amendment to the rule is in the
following language:
"That whenever any committee shall have occupied the
innrnimr hour on two days it shall not t)c in order tor such ;
committee to report farther until the other committees have ]
been cnlhul 111 their turn." !
A committee occupying two mornings in sub- |
mitting reports could not occupy the third; but
when the subject-matter is before the House, it !
must be disposed of. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not be !
a better practice, that when a committee has re- I
ported a measure occupying two morning hours :
the House should go on with the remaining com- !
mittees and then come round to the question left ;
undecided ? I
The SPEAKER. That might be so; but the :
Chair has to administer the rules as he finds them, j
THE VOLUNTEER BILL—AGAIN. ' |
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, when lob- ij
tained the floor last Thursday I had no intention n
of detaining the House at any length. I did-not
design to follow my colleague [Mr. Stanton]
through the many surmises which he made as to
tue intended use of the Army in case it should be
increased, nor to argue with him the constitutional ,
and legal power of the President to use the Army I
in the way in which he asserted it was intended to
use it. I designed merely to express my gratifica-
tion at the notice which wasgivyn to us by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that pend-
ing this discussion he would introduce a bill as ,
a substitute for that proposed by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, which should
provide for a permanent addition to the Army of '
the United States. I hope, sir, that the gentle- '
man will mature his bill; that he will mature its
details in such a way as to obviate, as far as pos-
sible, the objections of members of this House,
and at the same time secure the greatest efficiency
to the Government. I hope that he willavail him-
self, too, of this opportunity to carry into effect
the suggestions of the Secretary of War for the
amelioration of the condition of the Army; that
he will facilitate promotion from the ranks; that
he will regulate promotions by merit, not by se- i
niority; and provide that, in the organizatiorf of,'
this additional force, the appointments of one half J
of the officers shall be made from civil life. When 1
ha shall have done that, his bill will receive my 1
cordial support. ;
I speak, Mr. Speaker, with unfeigned diffidence ;
on the subject now before the House. My taste |
has not led me to have any experience in military j
affairs, and I know but little of the movements i
and organization of the Army, except that which 1
the current history of the country affords; that i
which I have derived from an examination of the '■
official documents upon our table—an examina- !
Won, sir, which I found it necessary to make, in !
order that I might vote intelligently on the sub- !
jectunderdiseussion. 1 came to that examination j
with the strong impression that no augmentation i
of the military force was necessary, and that the >
Suggestions, or rather the recommendation to that !
end, from the Executive Government, arose, not j
■from'an actual necessity, but from that inevitable !
tendency in our system, no matter by whom it
may be administered, to aggrandize the General
Government and to accumulate within its control '
constantly-increasing power. That examination
has removed this impression; and I desire to state,
asbrieflyasl can, to the House, the considerations
which have led me to the conclusion that we ought
to increase the Army of the United States, if sve
expect the Executive Government to perform ;
faithfully, promptly, and efficiently, the duties
confided to its charge by the Inderal Constitution. '
Let me ask you, sir, why is it that we have an
army at all? For what purpose is it that we or- i
ganizo and equip and maintain it1 I take it to ;
be this: that it may defend the coanuy from all
those attacks which leave no time for pieparation I
for defense; that it may protect our people in the
West from the incursions of the Indians; that it
may man our posts and keep up our fortifications,
and be at all times a nucleus of military knowledge
and discipline, around Tvhich may gather in times
of danger the myriad hosts of citizen soldiers, who,
at the first blast of the bugle, will rise from every
mountain and valley, from every city and village,
and from every farm and hamlet, to resist inva-
sion and repel attack.
Sir, no gentleman upon this floor, I think, will
say that I have overstated the purpose for which
we should have an army. Nogentleman, I think,
will disagree with me in tho opinion that, if the !
Army is not large enough to subserve these pur- '
poses, it is not large enough for any useful pur-
pose whatever.
I have said that the first duty of the Army was
to prevent attacks which would leave no time for
preparation for defense. I haye before me, sir, a
military map of the United States, upon which
the boundaries of our country are delineated, and
I ask you for one moment to trace the external
boundary ofourmagnificentdomain. Commence,
sir, at Maine, and follow it along the Atlantic
coast, past Massachusetts and New York, by
Virginia and the Carolinas, around the Cape of
Florida, along the Gulf of Mexico, across the
plains of Texas, across the desert wilds of New
Mexico, until it dips into the waters t)f the Pacific.
Follow it thence northward alongthe whole length
of California, across Oregon, across Washington,
until it intersects the line of the British posses-
sions; and then, sir, your eye will weary as it
follows it for miles anS'miles, over hill and moun-
tain, through valley and plain, by lake and river,
until it strikes the initial point in the Atlantic.
And in that round you have more than eleven
thousand miles of external boundary, of which
one half is sea-coast, and liable to the incursion
of any maritime Power, and the other half marks
the boundary of two nations, with each of which,
in the period of your existence, you have had
long and bloody wars, and with each of which
you have outstanding, difficult, and troublesome
questions. Look across the country beyond the
teeming bosom of the States, to your western
frontier, and you will find that the march of civ-
ilization has received a check, and that a line of
more than two thousand four hundred riffles on
both sides of the Rocky Mountains divides the
habitations of yourpeople from the abode ofthose
savage tribes which roam the plains of the great
central basin. That line extends from Canada to
Mexico; and throughout this whole extent, from
Minnesota, where Ink-pah-dutah holds hiss bloody
revels, at Spirit Lake, to the banks of the Rio
Grande, where the Camanches murder and pil-
lage, is subject to incursions of the Indians.
Sir, between these two lines, and on each side
of the Rocky Mountains, lies the great central
tract of this continent—a tract of barren, sandy
desert, inhospitable for man and beasts, the fit
abode of the Digger Indian, whom its poverty has
dwarfed, (if, indeed, he were ever a man,) to the
being which runsupon all fours,and lives on roots
and grass. That country extends a thousand
miles to the west; and across its trackless plains
extend the three great routes, which alone, within
your control, unite your domains upon the Atlan-
tic with those upon the Pacific; the pathways of
that on-crowdiKgemigration through whose influ-
ence alone you will be able to subdue the Indian
and subjugate the soil to the plow and the scythe.
Reyond this line lie your Pacific possessions—an
empire of themselves—Oregon and Washington,
and the young and vigorous California, that new
empire whose golden treasures dwarf into insig-
| nificance when compared with the fertility of its
j soil and the magnificent returns of its commercial
; enterprise.
! That country is all our own. Step by step we
i have acquired it. , The thirteen colonies which
j skirted the Atlantic coast have extended their pos-
sessions westward, until now, from British Amer-
ica to Mexico, from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
every acre of this country is covered by the flag
of the Union, and every acre of it must be de-
■ fended by the Armv of the Union.
Sir, you have difficult questions pending with
England and Spam. They may present now a
peaceful surface, as they do; but you know, and
I know that, underneath this apparently peaceful
i surface lie smoldering tires which' may burst out
j into the flame of war. These are contingencies;
; but if you will look at the West you will see a sad
i reality. I have spoken of the great central por-
: tion of the continent. It extends one thousand
j miles, from east to west, and twelve hundred
j miles from north to south, and is the abode of two
| hundred and fifty thousand Indians. TWey hold
j that country by right of occupation, by the tra-
] ditions of their tribes; and it is with emotions
' we can well understand that they claim that you
are intruders, and the lives and property of your
citizens forfeit to their vengence. Sir, they arc
gathering for the war; they have attacked your
people in Washington; they have invaded the
Mesilla Valley; they are hovering upon Iowa aftd
Minnesota; and they have, as my friend before
me will tell you, [Mr. Bryan,] carried desola-
tion to the very heart of western Texa^." They
are as brave, cunning, and treacherous, as their
forefathers. They are determined to resist, if
they cannot prevent, that immigration which they
feel is encircling them, to their own destruction.
In their midst is Utah 111 rebellion. That Terri-
tory is inhabited by more than eighty thousand
people, brave, hardy, resolute, accustomed to bear
arms, well supplied with munitions of war, well
supplied with necessaries of life. They are led
on by a cool and determined leader; one who is
ambitious to be prince as well as prophet; one
who holds in his hand all the powers of'he gov-
ernment and the church; one who,as said by the
gentleman over the way, wields at the same time
the sword of State and the anathema of God.
They and he block up your pathway to Oregon;
they bid dcfiance to your Government; they mock
at your authority; they murderyour citizens; and
they combine and discipline, and incite to deeds
of devilish cruelty, the Indians by whom they are
surrounded.
Sir, it is the imperative duty of the Govern-
ment of the United States to protect its frontiers,
to protect its emigrant routes, to vindicate its own
dignity, and the power of its law. The only in-
strumentality by which you can do these things
is the Army of the United States.
Now, sir, what is your Army to which you in-
trust such gigantic interests? By reference to tho
official documents laid upon tfur tables, you will
find that on the 31st day of June last, the Armv
of the United States amounted to seventeen thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-four men. That is
to say, if every company had been full; if every
man had been at his post; if every sick man had
been well; if every weak man had been strong, olK-
cers and soldiers all told, the Army of the United
States would have amounted to seventeen thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-four men. IIow
was it in reality? Upon that day the Army of
the United States, officers and soldiers, those
who were on duty, and those who were on leave,
those who were able to perform duty and those
who were not, amounted to fifteen thousand seven
hundred and sixty-four souls—an Army less than
that of any State of Europe; less than that of
almost any State on these American continents;
an Army less than General Washington sent to
Pennsylvania, for the purpose of quelling the
Whisky Insurrection; less than the body-guard
of a European Emperor to keep watch and ward
over his palace when he sleeps.
Now, sir, how is that army posted? The first
military department embraces all the territory of
the Unit'ed States which lies east of the Missis-
sippi river, except Florida. On the 1st day of
July the army of the United States, charged
with the duty of that department, amounted to
1,082 men, officers an'd soldiers included; and I
see, by a foot-note appended to the document
