1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
vented from voting. Massachusetts men and Mis-
souri men, who claimed to be residents, on an in-
tention to reside there, did go into the Territory,
and vote in some of these seven districts, and that
is about all the foundation for this cry of usurpa-
tion.
The Legislature stands by as rightful a tenure
as this Congress. It is alleged that the people
were intimidated in different parts of Kansas at
these elections. It is well known that more men
have been killed in one day, at a single ballot-box,
in the old States of this Union, than have ever
lost their lives in all the disturbances in Kansas.
These events have been distorted and magnified
by telegraphs and by newspaper articles for the
purpose of deceiving the great masses of the
honest people of this country. I stand upon the
record made by the Executive, made by the Le-
gislature of all sides, and that must stand as long
as the social fabric stands. Whether it was true
or false, it is the only test. They must decide
their own elections. You might as well call the
government of Kentucky a usurpation. Some
men say that the government of Maryland, or at
least of Baltimore, is a usurpation; but when it is
decided by proper authority to be valid, it must
stand. I have nothing to say about it. I only
speak of these allegations. Probably if state-
ments of partisans, if statements of an unsuccess-
ful party can make history, three years hence
that will be history. It will have as good a right
to be. The outrage at Louisville will be history
too; and a sad history will it be for future pa-
triots to contemplate.
I have shown that a majority of the first Le-
gislature of Kansas were lawfully elected; were
not usurpers; were not fraudulently elected. Then,
at the second election, the Abolitionists having
failed to get power, gave no votes. Who is to blame
for that? Our opponents find it difficult to get rid
of this Legislature, because only one side voted.
It was elected without a contest, under the au-
thority of the organic act, and was sustained by
every department of this Government. Its au-
thority was as fully recognized as that Legisla-
ture which elected my friend from Kentucky.
This Legislature has not even been assailed by
any person here or in Kansas, except upon the
ground that it was the successor of what they
please to term the Missouri usurpation. This Le-
gislature called the convention in obedience to the
expressed and nearly unanimous will of the peo-
ple. They adopted a constitution, submitted a
single provision of it to the people; and my friend
from Kentucky attacks this election on the author-
ity of the Picsident of the Council and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives which succeedcd
them; piotesting against the principle that the
evidence of a man holdmgoffice is official evidence.
1 would inquire, what was their evidence? They
say about three thousand of the votes cast on the
Slst of December, in favor of this clause, were,
in their opinion, fraudulent. I looked into their
evidence. My friend takes it in trust from a bad
source, the minority report of the Senator from
Vermont. He did not give all the facts.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is in Judge Doug-
las's report.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well. I believe the state-
merit is in beth minority reports; yet it is bad
authority in both cases. Now, because these men
said so, it is to be taken as true! They give their
reasons for saying so. They do not pretend to !
say that they were there, or that they have any i
other evidence except their general acquaintance !
with the country; and that evidence my friend
accepts as official evidence of a fact!
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very sorry to in-
terrupt my friend, but I wish to be understood.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. i
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I quoted from what I i
saw reported to the Senate. 1 supposed that was '
as good authority as could be, and it is without ;
contradiction. j
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. :
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I quoted from that as 1
the expression of the opinion of these officers,
who say that they were well acquainted with the
couiitry. ,
iMr. TOOMBS. That is their statement. ,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I went on further, and
1 referred to the report made by tfie board of com- :
New Serifs—No. 9.
missioners since appointed by the Legislature of
that Territory to investigate those frauds, which
report I had here, and which report shows that
the Speaker and the President who made that
^statement were only mistaken in this: that there
were seven hundred more fraudulent votes, accord-
ing to the evidence, than they supposed there were.
If I recollect their statement, they supposed there
were two thousand fraudulent votes. The evi-
dence before this board of commissioners shows
that there were twenty-seven hundred.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was commenting, before I got
to that point, on the testimony which my friend
took from this statement. I had no doubt that he
intended to give the facts correctly, and I want to
show him that this statement is not supported by
the evidence. I have looked into the matter. In
the evidence of those two gentlemen, the Speaker
of the House and the President of the Council,
they give, as their means of knowledge, the fact
that they knew the country. I do not think that
is very good evidence. I submit to him, as a ques-
tion of evidence, the utter worthlessness of such
statements as evidence of a fact.
Now, Mr. President, let us group the allega-
tions presented by my friend from Kentucky to
sustain the charge of fraud, which he has so
broadly and, as I think, incautiously made,
against the Lecompton constitution.
The first allegation is, that the original Legisla-
ture was elected by fraud and force. This 1 have
already disposed of; and besides, if it were true,
these events happened nearly three years before
this constitution was made; and the convention
that made it was not even called by this Legisla-
ture. Secondly, he avers that there were great
and flagrant frauds perpetrated at Oxford, in
Johnson county, at the election in October last.
These wore transactions affecting the present Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and were perpetrated, if at
all, before the Lecompton constitution was either
made or promulgated, and had no legal or other
connection with that instrument. Thirdly, that*
there were frauds on the 4th of January, in the
elections for State officers. These transactions
were after the constitution was latified and pro-
claimed, and could therefore no more affect its
validity than frauds in Kentucky at a State election
could invalidate their constitution, and are proba-
bly cognizable before another tribunal, and not
by this body or the Territorial Legislature. Does
it need argumentto repel these unfounded charges
against this constitution? If there be solid ob-
jections against this constitution, they will be
equally good against any constitution that ever
shall be made by the people of Kansas. Ifit be a
ground of exclusion now, it will be a perpetual
ground of exclusion; and if they arc solid objec-
tions, truly founded on fraud, how can the Sena-
tor remove or cure them by a resubmission of
the instrument to the people ? The taint of fraud,
if it truly exists, cannot be thus washed out. My
friend cannot stand or) these grounds; they are
unfounded and untenable, and must fall before the
pubhcjudgment,andhis own calmerconsideration
of the question. None of these allegations affect
the vote of the people to call the convention that j
made the constitution. None of them affect the }
validity orlegahty of the second Legislature which j
authorized the convention. None of them the '
vote by which the pro-slavery clause was adopted. I
All these are legal, valid,untainted acts, and stamps j
the character of this Lecompton constitution, and i
rescues it from these unfounded assertions. 1 ;
know the honorable Senator has been deceived ;
by the statements of persons who have objects far ;
different from his own. They care nothing for i
these alleged frauds. With him they are reasons ;
for his conduct; with them they arc but pretexts, '
fraudulent pretenses, to cover up their hostility \
to the original Kansas act, that great measure of '
constitutional right. j
As further evidence of the fact that this constitu- !:
tion docs embody the will of the people, I am re-
ferred to Governor Walker and ex-Secretary Stan-
ton,and thepresentLegislatureofKansas. These
gentlemen are willing but competent witnesses,
standing upon no better footing than ordinary |
men, and they are indebted to my courtesy for ,
refraining from further criticism of their conduct !
in Kansas. They state their opinion against the i
truth as uttered by the ballot-box; and this Le-1
gislature asserts that nine tenths of the people are
against it. I am obliged to them for furnishing
this most indisputable proof of extravagance and
want of reliability of their statement. They admit
about twenty-five hundred legal votes to have been
castonthe2!st of December; and if their statements
are true, there must he about twenty thousand
votes against it. No election in the Territory has
ever shown as many as fourteen thousand votes,
counting fraudulent as well as legal; therefore their
statement is necessarily untrue. They usurped
jurisdiction in an election over which they had
no control, which greatly weakens their general
credibility; and their atrocious and unconstitu-
tional enactments, when they got power,, have
marked them as better fitted for the criminal's box
than the witness stand. Against all these mere
statements, I oppose and offer to the Senate the
highest evidence known to our laws, of the pop-
ular will—that will as legally uttered through the
ballot-box.
I leave this branch of the subject—though not
exhausted, my strength is nearly so—and invite
your attention to a single remaining point in the
argument of the honorable Senator. {deeply re-
gretted to hear him say that he disapproved the
repeal of the Missouri restriction; that the pro-
hibition of slavery north of 36° 30' had the sanc-
tion of great and patriotic names, among whom
he enumerates, as one preeminentlyentitled to the
credit of that measure, the name of one of Ken-
tucky's greatest, noblest sons, and one of the
brightest ornaments of the Republic—the name of
Henry Clay. 1 am quite sure that it must have
escaped the recollection of my friend, that in 1830
that great statesman, in his place in this body,
corrected that popular error, and expressed his
surprise that so well established a fact should so
long have been misunderstood by the public. I
quote, sir, from memory, but his speech is fully
reported in the Globe. He then stated that he was
not the author of that measure; that it originated
in the Senate while he was a member of the House.
It was proposed by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, and
he did not know that he ever voted for it; but he
did not doubt his concurrence with his southern
friends on that occasion; but that he had no agency
whatever in originating or carrying it thiough
either branch of Congiess. These are substan-
tially the facts; and this unjust, unequal, and un-
constitutional legislation cannot lighten its sen-
tence of condemnation by the authority of that
illustrious statesman. In 1850, after thirty years'
trial, he condemned and repudiated it, and placed
the legislation of the country on the very basis
that the Kansas act maintains and upholds.
My honorable friend regrets its fall; regrets its
just condemnation by Congress, the country, and
the people. From the bottom of my heart 1 re-
joice at if, and renew my gratitude to the Ruler of
men and of nations that it has fallen: it was a de-
lusion and a snare; it was the mother of slavery
restriction in the Territories, of discord, of strife,
of injustice, of wrong. Let it perish forever. 1
do not now wonder that I should differ with my
friend on this question; it is the legitimate result
of the overthrow of the Missoun restriction.
What was the effect of this repeal upon his con-
stituents and mine* what upon all the people of
every section of the Union? It simply restored
our common property to the equal common en-
joyment of its joint owners. We asked no ad-
vantage, and sought none, over any portion of the
Union. We demanded that all the people of all
the States should not be forbidden by an act of
Congress to enter the common domain with their
families and property of every sort, but should
be protected by our common Government m the
peaccabie'enjoyment of their rights, until the new
Territory should be strong enough to take upon
herself the duties and burdens and rights of a sov-
ereign State, and then that she might adopt such
domestic institutions as she might prescribe in her
constitution. We restored to the Kentuckian, in
J common with all of his brethren of the Union,
j the long-lost ri*ht to carry his slave, on these
| terms, into all the Territories of the Union. Tins
j edict of exclusion was overthrown, and his coun-
trymen and mine were thereby restored to their
just rights in the Territories. 'Tins is her right,
sir; is Kentucky prepared to surrender it? No,
sir, never, never! 1 know her history: it is one
