nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a ce which they have forfeited, conjuring them
by every tie which binds man to man, to remain
with us, loyal citizens of a common country, we
should go there carrying the sword in the other
hand with .power sufficient, if they spurn our ap-
peal, to crush out the rebellion even if it should
be with the entire extermination of the rebels.
Sir, if there is one sentiment more deeply en-
graven upon the hearts of the American people
than any other, it is this; that they will obey law,
and will require obedience in others. The public
sentiment of this country will never justify the
American Legislature in withholding from the
Executive a sufficient power to enable him to
assert its dignity, and to execute the law.
We are told that a standing army is dangerous to
the liberties of the people. I will not quarrel with
that maxim. I know that its truth is sustained by
history. I know that in ancient Rome the people
and Government were the sport of the cohorts of
the Pretorian camp; but before that time arrived
the imperial purple had been stained with the blood
of its victims, and liberty had disappeared forever
from the seven-hilled city. I know that in mod-
ern times a usurper, in one night, by the power
of his army, seated himself upon a throne which
seems firm; but before that night the liberties of
the people had been crushed out under forms of a
free government, and the presidency was as great
a despotism as the empire now is. But sir, was
it ever heard that an army of twenty thousand
men, scattered over three millions of square miles,
coming from the people, returning to the people,
supported by taxes raised from the people, and
voted by their Representatives, was dangerous to
the liberties of twenty-five millions of freemen? It
is the suggestion of a weak imagination, and not
the sober apprehension of a manly judgment.
The history of our Government gives us an in-
structive lesson on this subject. In the days of
the elder Adams the Army of the United States
amounted to four thousand one hundred men, and
then you had scarcely a post west of the A lleghany
Mountains. In 1815 the peace establishment of
the United States amounted to ten thousand men,
and yet at that time we had scarcely a military
post as far west as the Mississippi. In 1839 the
Army of the United States amounted to nearly
thirteen thousand men, and at that time you had
but two posts west of a line drawn north and south
from Fort Leaven worth. Now, sir, in 1857, you
have an Army of fifteen thousand seven hundred
men, having acquired all that vast reach of terri-
tory west ot this line, with the consequent duty
devolving upon you from its possession to defend
and take care of it; a territory which in process of
time, ay independent and sovereign States, is to
add new beauty and glory to your political system.
These are the considerations which have in-
duced me to think that the Army of the United
States should be increased—considerations which
have led me to the conclusion that now is the
time when we should construct the skeleton, of
which Mr. Calhoun spoke, upon such a scale as
that, in any emergency, we can fill it with nerves
and sinews, and flesh and blood, to the full pro-
portion of a large and vigorous life. Other con-
siderations have had their effect—considerations,
sir, which connect themselves with the pending
questions with.Great Britain and the relaticns of
Central America to this Government; considera-
tions which connect themselves with the questions
pending with Spain and the relations of Cuba to
this Government. I believe, sir, that the time has
come when Cuba will fall, as has been said, like a
ripe apple from its parent stem. I believe now is
the time to break the ground and sow the seed in !
Central America, which shall mature to the per- 1
fection of American fruit. I
To drop the metaphor: I believe that it is the j
duty of this Government, demanded alike by its ■'
own dignity and by the just expectation of the I
American people, to demand peremptorily from ij
Spain, indemnity for the past and security for the' 11
future; and if she fails to give them, to consider 'I
whether, as a means of self-defense, asa measure !|
of prudence, we ought not to take from her that i!
island by which she hns been enabled to com- jl
mand our commerce, to outrage our citizens, to i|
confiscate their property, and to insult our na- jj
tional flag I believe that the time has come il
when we should abrogate the Clayton-Buiwer |J
treaty, because of Us constant infraction by Great ;i
Britain, and notify that Governmentand all others ,'!
March 17.
concerned, that hSnceforward the interests of this
country and the interests of this continent re-
quire that American influence, American inter-
ests, and American policy should predominate
throughout the land covered by the treaty, and
that we will assert that policy even if need be with
the persuasive tones of the cannon. I believe, sir,
that Mexico has failed, unaided, to attain the high
destiny to which she is by nature entitled; and
that the time will come when she will approach
you for aid, and ask the assistance of a friendly
hand and a strong arm, and I think they ought to
be given to her.
Sir, these things cannot be done in a corner.
They will be done openly. They will be done
in daylight. They will be done under the disap-
proving eye, perhaps the frowning batteries of
interested nations. But, sir, I believe they will
be done, and I think they ought to be done; and
I, for one, am in favor of putting ourselves in
such position as that, at the right time and in the
right way, they shall be doiie.
When 1 turn from all these facts and consider-
ations which have led me to the conclusion that
the Army should be increased, I find that the
President of the United States, who certainly is
not ambitious for military glory; I find the Gen-
eral Commanding, who is eertainly'a prudent man
on subjects of this kind; and I find the Secretary
of War, who is especially charged by law with
the discharge of these particular duties—I find
them all uniting in the recommendation that the
Army should be increased. And their recom-
mendations meet the entire approval of my judg-
ment, and shall have my cardial and hearty sup-
port.
I have not said one word derogatory to the vol-
unteers. I do not design to do so. I could not
doit with justice to myself or the truth of history.
I believe, as was told us by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] that a body.of vol-
unteers ingrafted upon a body of the regular
Army makes the best troops the world has ever
seen; that they impart to it vigor, and receive
from it discipline; tliat they have the courage, the
patience, the obedience, and the discipline which
belong to the soldier, and that they have, at the
same time, the independence and dignity of the
citizen, and a just appreciation of the rights and
liberties of the people.. I would say no word
depreciatory of them; I know that around their
history cluster the choicest glories of the Repub-
lic; that their exploits are written upon the bright-
est pages of its annals. It is only because I find
myself constrained by the convictions of my
judgment to support a permanent increase of the
Army, that I shall be compelled to vote for the
bill presented by my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] rather than for the bill
1 reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Q-uitman.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I did not expect to address the committee to-day,
for when I yielded to my young friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] I thought he and I were on the
same side on this question. If this measure fails,
and the country understands the reasons, I shall
be satisfied. The opposition which thus far has
displayed itself piesents two fronts, each of which
is led, singularly enough, by a member from the
Committee on Military Affairs. On the one hand,
the Administration, represented by the member
from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] is not pleased
because the bill does not provide for an increase
of the standing Army; on the other, a class of
statesmen, represented by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] is not pleased because the
military force is increased at all. In medio tutis-
simusibis. The committee thought the force should
be yielded to the call of the Executive, to meet
the exigencies of public affairs known to exist,
but that the standing Jlrmy should not be increased. J
Hence the bill which is under discussion, which j
provides the five regiments called for by the War !
Department, but selects them from the citizen sol- '
diery rather than from regularly enlisted recruits, j
The speech of the gentleman from Virginia was i
an elegant amplification of the same views which
had been presented by the report of the Secretary
of War. He treated the subject in two points of
view: first, without legard to the condition of
affairs in Utah; second, embracing the condition ,
of affairs in Utah as a proper element in the de- ;
cision of the question. I propose briefly to follow '
his argument, and to make, in military phrase, a
close reconnoissance of his positions, for I am im-
pressed with the idea they have no great strength.
The gentleman commenced by stating the actual
strength of the Army at about thirteen thousand
men. How strong the Army is depends upon'
where it is; for, under the laws, the company
may be composed of only fifty-two privates, or it
may contain seventy-four members. The Presi-
dent has the legal right to expand the companies
whenever the Army is posted in certain locali-
ties; otherwise he has no right. " The Army, as
posted," says the Adjutant General, " is seven-
teen thousand nine hundred and eighty-four; its
actual strength on the 1st of last July was fif-
teen thousand seven hundred and sixty-four."
The gentleman from Virginia says a deduction
should be made from this statement of the Adju-
tant General by taking off engineers and ordnance
men. Well, that would reduce it some three hun-
dred and fifty; indeed, if he were to subtract the
whole general field and staff, as well as engineers
and ordnance department, it would not reduce the
number to fifteen thousand men. He thinks the
non-commissioned officers should also be deduct-
ed; but since these serve in the line, they are to
be counted, and are the best and most effective of
all tho troops in the Army; so that the gentleman
failed at the beginning to tell us the strength of
the Army. His first position is this: the Army
is overworked. The extended field of its labors so
demands the presence of force at a variety of
points at the same time, that it is quite impossible
for the existing Army to meet the public require-
ments. Its efficiency is impaired by the subdivis-
ions to which it is subjected, and its energies are
exhausted by the constant toils, fatigues, and suf-
ferings to which it is exposed. Hence it should
be nicieased.
To demonstrate this statement the testimony of
Generals Scott and Jesup is appealed to; incidents
of service are recounted from the Army reports;
we are told of hard marches; rapid and long pur-
suits of the enemy; extreme suffering from thirst
and hunger; exposures to the inclemencies of
weather; and of brilliant achievements under all
these difficulties. Yes, exclaims the member from
Virginia, these men have been compelled to sleep
upon the snow; to eat their horses which had
given out under the toils of service; and yet they
have stormed three Indian encampments in a sin-
gle day ! The arsenal from which he derives all
this artillery of declamation is the special order
of General Scott, to be found accompanying the
report of the Secretary of War. In that order the
commanding General introduces twenty-five cases
of actual conflicts between detachments from.tho
corps of the Army and the Indians of this coun-
try. He says these " are all which have occurred
since the beginning of last year, to which my at-
tention has been directed." It is fair to infer that
the list comprises all that have in fact occurred;
for, as these have been selected to grace the
annals and to illustrate the exploits of a gallant
Army through eighteen months of service, surely
none of equal moment or brilliancy have escaped
the vigilant eye of the brave old veteran who
kindly indorses them to the applause and grati-
tude of the country.
Marked for a place in the Pantheon by the chief
of the Army, and reproduced for special admira-
tion here, under the fervid and glowing declama-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia," you will
be surprised, sir, when I declare to you that the
impression I received from a perusal of the state-
ment of these " gallant exploits" was far differ-
ent from his. When I saw the number of man
on detachment, the time employed m service, tho
rank in command, the ultimate achievement, and
the manner of the history, I could but exclaim,
If this is all, if this is the best, then indeed does
" Peace tinkle on the shepherd's bell, and sina amon" om'
roapcis."
If a whole year of service brings forth no more of
toil, of hardship, of conflict and conquest, than
this hunting down of " a few lone Indians," we
are a happy people, and our Army is as inooccnt
as an army can well be. No wonder that the
President has determined to use the Army in the
civic employment of a posse comitatus to keep the
peace at popular elections
It is not my purpose to depreciate the gallantry
of our Army officers or men, or to detract from a
proper estimate of their public services. The
