1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
move to strike that out, and insert, " at a com-
pensation of four dollars per day."
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, that is the usual
compensation. That is the compensation paid to
all clerks of committees. They all get four dol-
lars a day.
Mr. KEITT. I accept the modification.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly; there is no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I have been
listening very patiently to gee whether the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals would not want a
cleric also, ana whether they would not be fol-
lowed by the Committee on the Militia; and
whether the Committee on Agriculture would not
be in, in the course of time. I understand that
the Agricultural Committee are ready, and that
they desire to have an opportunity to offer a prop-
osition for a clerk, too.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man allow me to say a word just here?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, unless my friend
is going to try to embarrass me. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Virginia, I would say
to him, that I do not suppose the Committee on
Roads and Canals will ask for a clerk. So far as
I am concerned, I have been upon various com-
mittees in this House, and I have never been upon
But one that required a clerk, and that was the
Committee of Ways and Means. My experience,
unless business has greatly augmented, is that
there are but two committees in this House which
require permanent clerks, and those committees
are the Ways and Means and Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Florence] says that this clerk will
be a very important addition to tins committee;
that he applies for one, not only from a sense of
duty to himself, but from a sense of duty to the
Treasury, and to the country. Now, sir, it
strikes me, to push his argument a little further,
that if one clerk will save so much to the Treas-
ury, and to the country, if we furnish each of the
nine members of that committee with a clerk,
they would possibly be enabled to save a good
deal more. 1 am curious to know what this clerk
is" to do. When papers are referred to the com-
mittee, the Clerk of this House sends them to
tlie committee room, and enters them upon a book
which is kept there. What is the clerk, whom
the gentleman proposes to appoint, to do under
these circumstances? What business is he to
perform ? Is he to write out reports, to make ex-
aminations of the cases, and to prepare reports
to be presented to this Housp? It strikes me that
that cannot be legitimately the business of a elerk.
It is a matter to be committed to the member hint-
Self, and he is to be responsible for his work, to-
gether with his committee, and for the informa-
tion which may be presented to the House.
Now, I desire to know from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania what he proposes to do with his
clerk, and how money is to be saved by the ap-
pointment of one; and I will give way to hear his
answer.
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot make any bargain
for the floor with the gentleman from Virginia. I
am just as determined against making bargains
for the farming out of this floor as I am against
being catechized. [Laughter.] I can only speak
for myself. So far as other committees are con-
cerned, I can say, in Bible language, "sufficient
tinto the hour is the evil thereof." [Renewed
laughter.] The gentleman says I am not well
versed in Scripture. I wish I was better versed
in it; but I think that some gentlemen heie aie
no better off in this respect than I am. I pity
them, and can only say to them, that
" While the lamp holds out to bum,
The vilest sinner may return."
[Much laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, that is not exactly from Scripture,
but it is from the Methodist hymn book; and
they quote it over in Ohio, Dr. Olds once said
here, just as familiarly and frequently as they do
the Bible, and I suppose it is pretty nearly as
good" authority.
But, sir, the gentleman from Virginia desires
to know what we want a clerk to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions for. If the gentleman had
listened to my remarks when I was last up, he
would have heard. I have no other purpose, as
I said, than a desire to facilitate the business
m
devolyed upon that committee. I desire a clerk
to assist the members of the committee in making
such investigations as it is their duty to make,
and as the occupation of their time forbids them
to make. I occupy a position upon two corn-
out with that candor for which he is distinguished
and tells you that he wants a clerk to make the
investigations—to furnish him with his authori-
ties—and to prepare things to his hand, so that
he may report them to the House. Well, if the
mittees, for which, perhaps, I am indebted to the ;t gentleman cannot get the authorities himself how
bpeaker, although I would have preferred to have | does he expect the clerk to get them?
been left off one of them. But having been as- ;i Mr. FLORENCE. I have nottime'
signed to this duty by the Chair, a desire to fulfill :! Mr. LETCHER. How has it been with your
ail my duties here prompts me to wish to be an ■ j predecessors on that committee ? Have not thev
active member of the committees; and in order | had time to discharg-e all their duties?
to be an active member, it is necessary that I
should be afforded such facilities as ought to be >
afforded to gentlemen occupying seats upon this I
floor. I, as an individual member of the com- !
mittee, want the assistance of a clerk. The i
chairman of the committee wants the assistance i
of a clerk. It is necessary that we should have j
one to make examinations, and communicate to
us such information as it is our duty to have, and 1
without which we cannot perform our duties.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] 1
says that he knows of but two committees of the !
House that ought to have clerks. Then why i
did not he and the gentleman from Virginia ex- '
press their virtuous indignation this morning at
the attempt made to rob tlie Treasury by ap-
i pointing clerks to other committees ?
! I do not desire to institute comparisons. But
j I have served on other committees, and I must
, say that the Committee on Invalid Pensions—and
| I have had two years' experience upon it—re-
| quires a clerk very much more than did other
committees on which I have served, to which the
; House allowed clerks. I believed at the time
; they required clerks, and voted to allow them to
i employ clerks in the performance of the same
I duty which now prompts me to ask the House
| to accord to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
! that to which they are entitled.
| The gentleman from Virginia asks how it is
I going to save the Treasury? Now, he knows as
| well as I do, and better, that when bundles of
papers become covered over with dust,and exhibit
Mr. FLORENCE. I have been here so long
that I know nothing about my predecessors.'
When I came here to Congress there were twenty
millions of people in the United States; a-iid now
we have an increase of fifty per cent, on that, and
with it a proportional increase of business in our
committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I believe there lias
been no war in this country within the last three
years to increase the number of invalid pension-
ers, and yet it has been within the last two years
that a clerk has been claimed for that committee.
Now, has the business multiplied so much within
the last two years as to make this clerk neces-
sary, when he was not needed before? It strikes"
me that it has not.
A Member. Many soldiers have got lame
since.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I have no doubt that
many of them have got lame since, but others
have died; and so it goes. But the gentleman
says that many of these papers down in the office
are covered with dust and cobwebs, and all that
sort of thing, and lhat he wants these papers ex-
amined and reported. Has he over taken the
trouble to look and see how many of these cases,
covered with dust and cobwebs, have been re-
ported upon,and adversely reported upon ? Has
lie ever examined to see whether they contain
merit or not? If they have-lain, there covered
with dust and cobwebs, and if nobody has ealled
them to the attention of the House or of the com-
mittee, I take it that that is conclusive evidence
a moth-eaten appearance, they are just exactly :j that the cases are without merit, or those who
^ like bottles of wine packed away in cellars and !| knew them to possess merit would bo here prcss-
! covered with cobwebs; they are considered to ing them on the attention of Congress. It does
have a much better claim upon the tastes of the 1
epicurean members of this House than if they I
were fresh with the sand yet thrown over them.
not seem to me, then, that there is anything in
this to operate on the House.
But I believe this is called a Democratic Con-
I want to clean out these cobwebbed papers. f gress. My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
I want to get some of them before the House, m ;
order that they may receive fair and proper ac- j
tion. I desire that claimants upon the Treasury, j
who apply here for relief for services rendered ;
their country, may not be turned away. There
are hundreds of people knocking at the door of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions—and there
Florence,] who has been here for such a great
length of time that the memory of man runneth
not back to the contrary—[to Mr. Florence]—
how long have you been here ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Six years.
Mr. LETCHER. He and I have been here the
same length of time,according to his own account;
; were last year—deserving people, who have per- | and yet, in my six years'experience, I have never
" ■ J--*— •- •■-- - ' " seen the evidence that was sufficient to satisfy me
that it was important to have all these committees
organized with cleiks. Now, sir, it maybe a
very convenient matter for him to have a clerk 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to put an interrog-
atory to the gentleman. Does the Committee on
Invalid Pensions keep a record ofits proceedings,
its decisions, and its reports?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not think they do.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says he does not think they do.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will answer that. I do
;i not think they do, for the reason that they hav&
formed their duty to the country, but who, be
cause of some mere technical difficulties in the
i way, cannot get justice done them at the De-
1 partment. I desire that relief may be given to
' them—that pity may be extended to
; " Tim sorrows of a poor old man
! Whose trembling limbs have borne him to your door ''
[Great laughter.] Is the gentleman from Vir-
ginia answered ?
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, then, if the gentle-
man is answered, I demand the previous ques-
tion. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman does ;
not want to deprive me of an opportunity of re-
^ ?VIr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; I would do injus-
tice to no man. I would throttle no man. I would
stifle no debate. I do not desire to press the de- '
mand for the previous question. ,
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania says he makes no bargains; but I see that, -
when he gets an opportunity, he appropriates
everything he is entitled to, and then tries to cut
off other people from what legitimately belongs
to them. Now, I tell him, as he asks if I am
answered, that 1 am not answered yet, and that
I have no assurance how he proposes, under his
plan, to save money. He has not undertaken to
furnish any information that goes to prove that
no clerk. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Why, sir, did they keep
no record for the two years that they have had a
Mr'. FLORENCE. They did.
Mr. LETCHER. Then they have a record;
and a very clean one, too. I suppose there is not
a page of it stained even with a blot.
Now, all jesting1 aside, it seems to me that we
are running this thing too far; and that those of
us who come here as Democrats, and who profess
to go in for an economicaladministration of Gov-
ernment, ought to practice some little of that econ-
omy in the administration of the House. It is
not a week since we heard great talk about ex-
iravag-ance in regard to printing; and to-day we
_ have had the subject of extravagance in regard
the House is to save one dollar by it. On the j to ei\gra.ving7 and extravagances of other^kmds
contrary, his own argument demonstrates that | referred to; and yet, m the face of all this, the
he is in the precise position which I assigned him •! very first opportunity that presents itself, we go
before, and that it was under the influence of that'! on here to multiply clerks, and to run through
position he had asked for his elerk. He comes ,! exactly the same grades of extravagance that we
