THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 19, 1858.
New Series....No. 138.
MP. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall act upon
the principle of common law, that all men are
presumed innocent until their guilt is made to ap-
pear. I shall let him remain as the Doorkeeper
of the House until his guilt is manifested, and not
an instant after. I think it due to him not to take
any other course.
Mr. GILMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia to say that he would not defer
to the judgment of a committee of the House in
regard to the capacity or incapacity, or the qual-
ification of any officer of this House r
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 might be
governed by the opinion of a committee upon
some matters; but I certainly should not be gov-
erned absolutely by the opinion of a committee
who report upon a subject-matter like tins with-
out the facts, and especially would I not do so
when that repoit is coupled with insinuations
which they say they have never investigated, and
which would blacken the memory of the man they
would expel. We might turn him out for incom-
petency or for commuting mistakes, but I would
not do even that if accompanied with vague
charges of corruption.
I wish to sav, as I did in the commencement of
my remarks, that 1 do not know one thing con-
nected with the facts of this case. I stand as an
impartial juror, to judge by the facts when they
shall be brought fonvaid; and if the proof shall
sustain the chaiges made, I shall vote to expel
the Doorkeeper. J simply want to know the facts
before I vote. I move the previous question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to wnluhaw the demand.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 called the
previous question in conformity with my promise
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia withdraw the previous ques-
tion for a moment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleraan refuses to
withdraw the demand.
Mr. SPiNNEll. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to allow me to move this amendment:
And that in tlu; me.m nine the find II i'. U.iektiev be
eu>peii(]"d tiooi ollu-e, and that the dutie< ot l)onj keeper
be [leifonned In the tfoi^eant at Armv
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will not; be-
cause I think that amendment would be doing
him gieat injustice.
Mr. KUN KEL, of Maryland. If the previous
question is sustained, will it be allowable foi any
member of the committee to speak again to the
main question b^fme it is put ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reporting a
measuie is entitled to speak upon it.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I desire to de-
tain the House but a very few moments in ieply
to the gentleman fiom Geoigia, who last addressed
the House. The gentleman argued that then-
were no facts to suppoi t the report of the com-
mittee, in respect to the unusual large number of
persons whom he had employed, which, the re-
port says, was done without authority of law oi
linage, and ngciiti&t the direct admonition of the
Committee of Accounts. It is evident that the gen-
tleman from Georgia did not examine the report
made by Mr. Hackney himself to the House,
under a resolution passed by the House. If the
gentleman will refer to that report, lie will dis-
cover that Air. Hackney reports to the House
rnnety-two persons in his employment. The com-
mittee assert, upon their responsibility, that he
has even a larger number than he has reported.
He says, by way of explaining Mr. Hackney's
conduct, that it wu«j not done corruptly, or in de-
fiance of the control of the committee, because the
honoiable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ma-
son] repented a bill from the committee allowing
the Dooikeoper a lar i.r oumbei ot m-'sseiigors
than he is now, bylaw, allowed to employ. The
number of messengers provided for in that bill,
108
was twenty-four. Mr. Hackney has appointed
thirty-four. The number provided forin the bill
offered by the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr.
Searing] was twenty-three. The only difference
between the provisions of the bills of the gentleman
from Kentucky and of the gentleman from New
York, was, that under the former, eleven of these
messengers were to be temporarily employed, i
Fourteen were authorized, with annual salaries, !
and eleven were to be dismissed at the expiration ;
of each session of Congress. So that not only the ,
express requirements of the law, as it at present j
exists, and that supervising control which the ,
Committee of Accounts inwe always heietofoic '
assumed over the Doorkeeper, m fixing the num- ;
ber of employes, have been disregarded; but he |
insists on keeping in oliice a larger number than 1
is permitted cither by law or usage, or the author- 1
ity of the Committee of Accounts. !
I cannot see, Mr. Speaker, how the facts can
be more clear, more explicit, or more thoroughly ■
known to gentlemen than they now are. It has '
been stated, on the responsibility of honorable gen- i
tlemcn as worthy of credit as is Mr. Hackney. I
Mr. STEPHENS, of Grotgia. The commit- :
tee has never reported that evidence. They have j
never submitted the facts under oath. The g*e - ■
tleman [Mr. Kunkei] rises here and stated that
such a person told him so and so. 1 want to see ;
the statement—the extent of it. 1
Mi. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do not intend 1
to make any oath for what I say as a member of ;
the House. I
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not mean
on the oath of the members of the committee, but 1
of the witnesses to whom the gentleman refers. !
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I want no ■
further evidence than the statement made by the j
Doorkeeper himself, m whith he admits that he !
has appointed a larger number of persons than j
either the law or the usage of the House permits j
him, and in defiance of the authority of your com- !
mittee. !
Mi. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the Door-
keeper ever made that statement?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maiyland. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 should be
happy to have the gentleman show it to me.
Mi-. KUNKEL, of M.uyland. Theie is the
statement. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does he state
that he does it m defiance of tue authority of the j
House? j
Mr. SM ITH, of Virginia. Will the jrentleman !
from Maryland let me ask the gentleman from \
Georgia a question ? There are two charges made !
in the icpoit—(.xcessofofficial appo'ntments,and ;
falsification of returns from the folding-room. In j
the answer of the Doorkeeper, he does not deny j
eithei of these charges. What evidence, then, ;
does he want ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have never ,
seen anv answer from the Doorkeeper.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know it; and ,
therefore i say the answer here does not notice ,
either of the charges.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Gcoigia. My resolution |
is to allow ibis matter to go to a committee. Let
the Dnoikeiper be notified, and let the committee ,
hear his answer, and report what his answer may
be. That is my resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire the gentle-
man fiotn Georgia to understand that the report
of the committee makes two specific charges; and,
in answer to that report, the Dootkeeper comes
' forwaid and sets fonh a statement m 1111:i uncer-
tain manner, but does not lesnood to either of
those charges. I ask if that is not a confession of
the truth ol those chaises'
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Doo>--
' keener, as I understand, m the paper that was
' read, denies the correctness of several of the state-
ment made by the committee, hut asks that he
may have a hearing; on there ,* and he pLoges him-
self to the House to show that he is not anvn-
1 able to the charge.
i Mr. HOUSTON, i desire to know (for this
discussion was going on when I came up from
committee this morning) whether the number of
persons appointed by the Doorkeeper-exceeds not
only>the number allowed him by law, but also
the number recommended by the Committee of
Accounts, when the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mason] was its chairman ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. 'It does.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know by what
number? and then I desire to ask the gentleman
two other questions in regard to the course the
committee has pursued. One is, whether the com-
mittee has lepoited the testimony on which it
bases us resolution ? Another 13, whether the com-
mittee was authoi lzed to examine witnesses in the
investigation of this subject'
Mr. KUNKEL. of Maryland. I am now re-
plying to the gentleman from Georgia; when I
have finished with that part of the subject, I will
reply to the gentleman from Alabama. The gen-
tleman from Georgia, a moment ago, reiterated
the allegation that the Committee of Accounts had
given no opportunity to Mr. Hackney to explain
the chaiges against him. I distinctly stated, when
I was up before, that the committee had given
him such opportunity—had sent him a written
notice explaining the grave charges made against
him btfoie that committee, and asking htm for
his explanation. I ask the Clerk to read the note
addiessed to Mr. Hackney by the chairman of
the Commutce of Accounts.
The letter was read, as follows:
Sir : riieComnnttee of Accounts have had its attention
called to tlu' .-nl'ieet ol the number of doetuwnt« putportod
to have been folded and letuuied 011 the pay-ioiJ-? hy you to
the Ch;ilv\-. office.
The eomminec have leas-on to behave that tlicie are very
gieat eiioiN in unit lenirn1?, and theiefore lequeit yom at-
trndawL' at our committee-! 00111 immediately, in order to
alVotd you the oppothnmy ot -utmmtius to us bueli expla-
nations a-, jou may be able or <h>po«cd to <rive.
JOHN DICiv, Ckairman.
Mi • R. B. H vckncy, Doorkeeper House oj Repyescntativcs.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. After this re-
port was submitted to the House, on Thursday
last, on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Nichols,] tins subject was postponed until
to-day, to give Mr. Hackney an opportunity to
answer the report, I had a conversation with the
learned counsel who prepared his reply, to whom
I candidly stated the nature of the charges brought
against him. I cannot say what passed between
that gentleman and myself, because that would be
a breach of confidence.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me 
Mr. LOVETOY. I object to this cross-filing;
we are wasting tune this way.
Mr. S TEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the gen-
tleman a right to object 5
The SPEA K ER. The gentleman from Georgia
has a n<rht to m-^ke a persona! explanation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have a right
to make an inquiiy if the gentleman yields me
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it cannot be done except the inquiry appertains
to a personal explanation.
Mr.SlEPHENS, of Georgia. It docs; and I
never tntei runt a gentleman for any other purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to be heaid if he rises for that purnose.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georg-a. The gentleman
from Maiyland has just a'luded to the notice that
was ffivcn to Mi. Hackney to appear before the
committee in relation to the enti tes in the folding-
room. I wish now to inquire of the gentleman it
Mr, Haekuev did not appeal ?
Mr. LOVETOY 1 submit that that is not a
pci >onal exnhnation.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I am not ac-
countable for the inattention of any gentleman
upon this floor In tiie remarks wiuch I had first
the honor to submit to the House, I stated that lie
had appeared before the committee, and that the
: explanations he gave there, in ray judgment, only
'pat^d Inm the more.
men
Mi'. STEPHENS, of Geourai.
the gentleman another question.
I desiie to ask
for I w:.>h i'j
