1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
not be more liberal. That'is not the point ofcom- j
plaint with the Administration. It demands re£- j
ylats—regulars, sir; and the bill provides for cit- \
izen volunteers. The gentleman from Virginia j
acknowledges this to be the difficulty, and, as I |
think most unfortunately for the Administration, I
has undertaken to prove', by reference to the re-
ports from the War Office, that the citizen sol-
diery of this country is less efficient, more expens-
ive, less worthy of confidence in every military
point of view than troops enlisted in tne regular
Army. I deny this proposition in the name of the
American people. It is not sustained by the his-
tory of our country; it is not sustained by the
facts in any war in which the United States have
ever engaged. Unroll the roster of the military
names of America, and for every one that is con-
spicuous for gallantry, service, or skill belonging
to the fegular Army, I will furnish two from those
"who sprang from the body of the people to meet
the crisis, were actors at the head of your forces
in the same campaigns, and stand the peers in
«very respect of the regulars who now^eek to
institute this invidious comparison. It was the
young Virginia volunteer who saved the wrecks
of the British Army from utter destruction drawn
upon it by the folly and ignorance of Rraddock,
its regular commander. It was that same officer
who conducted our war of independence to its
great result. The Tennesseean,'drawn from civic
pursuits, illustrated the valor of American volun-
teers upon the plains of Chalmette. The leading
spirit of the North—Jacob Brown—in the same
war, came from the pursuits of civil life to recover
ground lost by the regular general theretofore in
charge of your armies. It was Old Tippecanoe
who left his territorial government to fight in the
second wax- of independence, and to win the battle
of the Thames.
I will not multiply instances. They crowd
upon the memory to illustrate the truth of my
general proposition; but I wilt stand upon the re-
suits of the Mexican war to vindicate the claim of
the citizen volunteerto the confidence ofhis coun-
try against the aspersions which have been cast
upon his efficiency. It m.iy be possible that the
list of the dead and wounded of the regulars, in-
cluding the charge on Moiino del Rey, exhibits
a greater number of regulars than of volunteers j
in the valley of Mexico; but docs it exhibit that !
superiority in proportion to the numbers of'each
engaged in the actions? If it did, I ask whether it
proves the point of the gentleman from Virginia,
to wit: that the regular walks to death where the
volunteer soldier fears to tread; or that the volun-
teer is not selected in the service for dangerous
and destructive efforts, when the regulars are at
hand? I say no such deduction can be fairly drawn
from the facts, and that the history of the Mexi-
can war does not exhibit a single instance in which
the regular soldiery of our Army recovered ground
that the volunteer had abandoned, or led into the
deadly and imminent breach which the volunteer
shrank from. 1 defy the War O^xce and those
who have got up this assault upon the volunteers,
to bring forward a single case which can truth-
fully illustrate such a statement. On the contrary,
I think the history of that war affords the proud-
est vindication of the tide of the citizen soldiery
to the confidence of their country.
How many volunteer corps were in the valley of
Mexico? Only some two or three regiments, J
am informed by the gentleman who so galiantly
commanded them. And, sir, nearly all the regulars
you had in Mexico were there. Is it just to the
volunteers, when you come to consider the num-
bers of the one and of the other, that you shall
assume upon such data the superiority of the reg-
ular over the volunteer?
Mr. Q,UITMAH. There were three regiments
of volunteers in thevallev of Mexico: the second
Pennsylvania, the New York, and the Carolina
regiments. The first Pennsylvania was at Puebla,
and there met the assault of Santa Anna. ;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The right \
plan is to take equal numbers of both. It is said i
that the volunteers are more sickly than the reg- -
ulars,and the letter of the Surgeon General ?s j
paraded to prove that fact. Inwaddition to the j
reason given by the chairman of the Committee I
on Military Alfdirs, I will make a special reply
to the reference of the Surgeon General to the j
Kentucky cavalry, which regiment was in that j
service under my own command. That eorps '
[was mustered into service on the Dth of June,
j 1846,at Louisville. It was not moved until after
! the 4th of July; and young men who had left
comfortable homes were exposed at once for
nearly a month to the inclemencies of the weather
without sufficient tenting to cover them from the
storms of the season. The corps was embarked
on steamers and transported to Memphis, and
there encamped for two weeks between the Ar-
kansas swamps and the Mississippi. It would
have been strange had not the fevers of the cli-
mate began their ravages upon the troops. Fi-
nally, without orders, except as I gathered them
from the general directions of the Department of
War, I put the regiment in motion on the 15th of
July, and, in the depth of the southern summer,
marched from Memphis through Arkansas and
Texas, on towards San Antonio; when I was
commanded in September, at a time when the
regiment was in first rate health and order, to
move toPortLavacca, in Texas, and there to halt,
and to await orders from General Taylor, who
was at Monterey, in Mexico. At such a season,
after months of daily activity in the saddle, to be
brought to a state of repose, and so exposed on
the shore of the Gulf of Mexico for another month
to the autumnal sun, and in the lowlands of that
region, it would have been very wonderful if that
regiment had not become sickly. In that situa-
tion, it is true, sir, we had, some days, two hun-
dred and fifty on the sick list, and the southern
fever passed with such fierceness through the com-
mand that again, on my own responsibility, I
determined to move the regiment on towards
Mexico; and I found, as I expected to find, that
with action came renewed health to my troops.
So soon as the corps left the Gulf, the condition
of the men improved: and when we reached the
j Army at Monterey, the health of the regiment
was reestablished; though the bitter experiment
to which the corps had been subjected had cost
the lives of many gallant sons of Kentucky.
The facts in my case are the history of nearly
every case in the service. Every one who was
in that service will lemember that the volunteer
regiments were not pressed to the front, until the
regulars wcie ordered to Vura Cruz; and there-
fore, sir, a comparison of health instituted be-
tween them might be expected to exhibit the nat-
ural tendency to disease, by persons sheltered in
a high and healthy region, and of others exposed
in a low and sickly region. J do not now com-
plain of the positions ossi^ned to the troops m
that service; but I mention these facts merely to
prove how utterly absurd it is to attempt to arrive
at a general conclusion by comparison, when the
data from which the calculations are made present
such widely dilTeringcircumstances. Why should
not the volunteer soldier be as healthy as the reg-
ular, under the same circumstances: Do they not
feed upon the same rations? Are they not enti-
tled to the same camp equipage? Does the healthy
man, whose habits have been regular,and whose
life has been devoted to the pursuit of honest in-
dustry, present a constitution more predisposed
to disease than such nvn as enlist at your re-
cruiting stations for service in the regular Army?
It is said the regulars undergo a physical exam-
ination before they are accepted; so do the vol-
unteers, when they are mustered into service; and
such an examination ran be ordered in the one
case as weli as in the other.
As to expense, you may say that the men waste
their rations, and do not know now to take care
of them; but I teil you if they do they get no more
on that account. It is useless then to talk about
expense. I saw some of my men at the com-
mencement of the campaign, fhrow away their
rations. I well recollect when I crossed at Fulton
upon the Red nvrr.I had to make a march of twenty
days through a wilderness. Putting y :I my rations
upon the wagons, i plunged into tne wilderness.
One day one of the captains came to me, saying
it was impossible for hn men to rot such bread as
was given to them. Said I, " Call a board of sur-
vey and have it condemned. You are entitled to
have your rations commuted for money." " What
shall I do here," said he, 44 with money? We
want bread." " Open another barrel," I replied,
j He or.ened r.nother barrel, and it was no belter.
| "Well, we will pay vou in money." ''We want,
| no money," he replied, uiccmust eat this, or die."
j The idea that it is more expensive to feed,
1 tdothp, and give shorter to a volqnteer will not be
sustained by any gentleman who has seen service.
I have not gone into an examination of this mat-
ter, but if you will take fifty regulars and fifty
volunteers, and serve out to each companythe
same amount of rations, give them exactly the
same place to sleep in, it is inconceivable to me
haw one company will cost more than the other;
and' I respectfully submit to my friend [Mr.
Faulkner] that his arithmetic is quite aa bad as
his logic.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that Congress should
have witnessed this onslaught by the- Adminis-
tration upon the volunteer soldiery of the coun-
try. I have never met a volunteer officer, in or
out of the service, who has exhibited a-disposi-
tion to snatch a leaf from the laurels of the regu-
lar Army. But this is not the first time I have seen
the attempt to condemn the efficiency of the vol-
unteers by those who are the constant advocates
of an increase of the standing Army. The effort
will fail this time—fail signally;for in both wings
of this Capitol are men who have served both as
regular and as volunteer officers, whose united
verdict will resist the attempted distinction. They
would be untrue to the interest of the Army itself
were they to fail to frown upon this unwise mode
of influencing the opinion of Congress to vote an
increase of the regular Army.
The gentleman made an extraordinary declara-
tion, to which I desire to recur. He character-
ized'the citizen volunteer as the representative
only of popular passions; and prefeired the reg-
ular because he is " the child of obedience"—<s the
mere machine that can be wielded by superior
intelligence." I listened to this sentiment with
great surprise; for, though I had been prepared,
by events which have heretofore transpired, to ex-
J! pect the action of the absolutist from the Execu-
'j tive, I did not presume that, in the call for more
troops, it would be urged as an argument thai the
j. Administration objected to the intelligence of the
j I citizen soldier, and wanted a machine only that
I could be wielded to any purpose by command of
;■ the superior. When Napoleon assumed theem-
jj pire, he proposed to do so " to preserve the Jib-
ij erty of France.99 I do not remember the occasion
i when heretofore the Executive has boldly ad-
i> vanced, as a reason for choosing a particular kind
of troops, that he wanted a soldiery without sen-
sibihty, which he could handle as a mere machine
j: by the exertion of executive will. There was a
'• time, within my recollection, when Democracy
j rejoiced in the sentiment that the citizen soldier
j is the main strength of the Republic, and a well-
regulated militia the'ehief bulwark of popular lib-
m erty. Shade of Patrick Henry! what voice is
h this from your Virginia that lrfrw rejects the citi-
zen soldier because he is the child of passion, and
adopts the regular because he is the more machine
in the hands of power? Shade of Jefferson! look
upon this exampleand sample of Democracy, and
tell us if these sentiments are the same you incul-
cated, and by yielding to which the American peo-
ple will preserve long the liberty which they have
inherited !
In my judgment,given as that of a man some-
what conversant with military afiaiis, the foice
provided for by this bill will be as efficient in ser-
vice as any ever mustered by the United States.
That judgment rests first upon the general capa-
city of the American citizen to make himself a
sofdier when his duty calls to arms. He brinsrs
; health, physical vigor, courage, activity, enpa-
1 city for endurance, intelligence, patriotism, and a
stake of personal reputation in the commumtv to
which he expects to return when the service shall
have terminated; that, taken altogether, afford the
|| best possible guarantees for his military efficiency.
' He combines, m his own person, all these quali-
ties of the true soldier to as high a degree, cer-
> tamly, as the kind of men who usually enlist in
,, the regular service, The length of the term for
which this force will be mustered into service—
!; eighteen months, if necessary to the public in-
terest—avoids the objections of gentlemen toshort
;; enlistments uoon economical considerations, nnd
! insures the Government, in the material point,
i that the service of the volunteer will be continued
; iongafter he has, by drill and discipline, become
accustomed to the duties of the soldier. The
, length of time fixed by the bill for the engage-
, ment of the volunteer, was determined by the im-
! turo of the expected service. It insures his sor-
! vice to the Government for a second campaign if
