132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March IS,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kan,
■Lecornpton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
statement passing over or denying the principal
facts of the case.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee allow me to say a word ?
* Mr. BELL. It is needless; I know the facts;
but I.will allow the Senator from Vermont to say
a word, as he was alluded to by the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. COLLAMER. The names of the six thou-
sand who voted are all on the roll; and when you
count those names, there are but eight hundred
of them who are on the census list.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not understand that.
Mr. BELL. Does the honorable Senator from
Georgia say he has examined the names ?
Mr. TOOMBS. They have been examined by
a friend of mine.
Mr. BELL. Is it not a fact that only about
nine hundred of those whose names were on the
census list voted ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. BELL. I can refer to the evidence.
Mr. TOOMBS. What evidence ?
Mr. BELL. To the report of the names that
were polled, compared with those on the census
list.
Mr. TOOMBS. That, I think, you will find
not to be n record. That is the difficulty.
Mr. BELL. But it shows the returns of the
election, and is evidence.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no such record in the
woi Id. Lot me explain to my friend what 1 mean.
The census that was taken was a record. As for
all these accounts, by which it is made to appear
that only eight hundred of those who were on
the census list voted, they do not appear by any
lawful authority—by any record. Has any per-
son, on whom the Senator from Tennessee re-
lies, ascertained the fact?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was never ascertained by
any authority.
Mr. BELL. The committee of investigation
of the House of Representatives ascertained it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not consider their report
a record; but perhaps I do not understand what
a record is.
Mr. BELL. Perhaps I do not know what a
record is. I refer to all the record that could ex-
ist in such a case, and I say that this fact is stated
on sworn evidence. Will that pass for evidence?
Il wus testimony taken by authority of the House
of Representatives, by members of both political
pa rtios,
Mr. TOOMBS. If it is evidence in itself, it is
evidence for the purpose—not otherwise.
Mr. BBLL. The clerk of the committee of in-
vestigation compared the names on the census
rolls with those on the election return lists or poll-
books, and of the twenty-nine hundred returned
on tin: census rolls in February, 1855, he could
find only eight hundred and ninety-eight names
recorded on the poll-books or list of voters re-
turned in March. Now, the question is, where
did the other five thousand and odd votes that
were polled on the 80th of March, 1855, come
from ? From over the borders, of course, or made
up by forged returns. These are facts, as well
authenticated as facts of the kind could be—not
in ancient times, not in the dark ages, but in the
present day of light. These facts were ascertained
under the supervision of a joint commission of
partisans on both sides of the question. I do not
desire, however, to pursue this inquiry now, for
1 mean to resume it at another time. I will merely
say here, that at this election, by these means,
every member of the Council and House of Rep-
resentatives elected, except one, was of the pro-
slavery party. Governor Reeder set aside the
election certificates in several cases, on theground
of irregularity or fraud, and new elections were
ordered; but m those cases where free-State men
were returned elected, the Legislature rejected
their claims to sit as members, ai^d admitted those
who had been set aside by the Governor. The
pro-slavery party thus securcd the whole Legis-
lature, except one member, as I understand the
history of the case.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator admits
that to be true. It was all a one-sided affair, and
made so by the five thousand and odd voters in
that election not found on the census returns. The
honorable Senator in the course of his speech ap-
pealed to the judgment of the impartial—to such
as have no connection with either of the parties
in Kansas—and asked what would be their decis-
ion upon this question? 1 appeal to the same im-
partial tribunal. That Legislature was elected
chiefly by voters from Missouri; by citizens who
had no right, by the organic law, to interpose in
the election. It was irregular, and unlawful in
every sense of the word.
But, sir, I am anticipating my argument. I
thought, however, that I would travel out of my
course for a few moments, in order to show that
the honorable Senator from Georgia "was totally
mistaken as to the facts that I considered funda-
mental m coming to a right understandingof this
question. I saw that the honorable Senator from
fcentucky, not haying looked into these points
as carefully, perhaps, as I had done, was utterly
amazed, he seemed to be confounded, when his
friend from Georgia gave such a totally different
version and coloring: to the facts connected with
the election of 1855, from what he had under-
stood.
The honorable Senator from Georgia has fur-
nished me, in the course of his argument, with
some points for consideration for which I thank
him. lie tolls us in substance, and plainly enough,
that it is victoiy which is now to be contended
for. This measure must be carricd, now that
an issue is nuulo up on it. He has pronounced
high and overwrought eulogies on the course of
the distinguished gentlemen now at the head of
affairs in relation to this question. I shall attempt
to show how far, and with what justice, they are
entitled to the eloquent eulogium of the honorable
Senator from Georgia; and this I shall not do with
a view of manifesting any personal disrespect to
those high functionaries. 1 do not seek, in any-
thing I shall say now or at any time, to detract
from the high personal character of those dis-
tinguished gentlemen. I am not sure, however,
that they have been the bold and undaunted men
that they ought to be in the positions which they
occupy, at such a time as this, in such a crisis as
this, and upon such a question as the present. 1
fear that they have cowered and quailed before
such bold men as the Senator from Georgia, and
others who concur with him as to the policy which
ought to be pursued in relation to Kansas affairs.
The Senator from Georgia, throughout his
speech, seemed to be resolved upon victory, in
cairying out all his plans connected with Kansas
affairs, whatever consequences may follow; and
I am afraid that the Piesidcnt and his Cabinet
may have been constrained to espouse this meas-
ure under the positive and imperious requisition
of such gentlemen as the Senator from Geor-
ge*
I intend, if 1 have time, to review the Kansas-
Nebraska act, and its consequences, respectfully
towards the authors of it personally, that the
country may learn a lesson from it. I shall not
undertake to teach the Senate to what extiemes
the passions of men may lead them when they
once get fully committed to a violent controversy
on such questions. It was the passion for victory
that carried the Kansas-Nebraska bill through
Congress, under circumstanccs more extraordi-
nary than ever attended the passage of any meas-
ure,so importantin its consequences, through any
legislative body, except, perhaps,in the tim<*s of
revolutionary France. I do not mean to say the
gentlemen were actuated by bad principles, ormis*
chievous purposes; but Senators and Represent-
atives seemed to me to have been so inflamed and
exasperated by the fierce collisions of sentiment
and opinions between them and their opponents,
that their reason was taken captive; they became
infatuated, and all their energies came to be con-
centrated upon one purpose, that of victory. It
will be well to contrast the circumstances aad
results of that measure with the circumstances
attending the present question, that we may form
some rational estimate of the real value of those
principles or objects sought to be established or
accomplished by urging this measure through
Congress, on the one side, and of the evil conse-
quences which may follow its adoption, on the
other. It is more than indicated; it is boldly as-
sumed by some gentlemen, that the rejection of
this measure will be regarded as a decision that
no more slave States are to be admitted into the
Union, and the consequences which may follow
such a decision are pointed to in no equivocal
There is no gentleman here with whom I differ as
to the value of the Union of these States,to whom
I do not accord honesty and patriotism of pur-
pose. There is simply between us a difference in
judgment as to the true interest of this great coun-
try; the true interest of the South as well as of
the North, connected with the Union. When my
attention is invited to the consideration of the ad-
vantages and blessings that may follow disunion
to the South, I shun the subject as one that is
speculative only, and prematurely brought for-
ward. That is a field of inquiry into which I do
not propose now to enter. When an issue is made;
when a question does arise demanding such an
inquiry as that, I shall be ready to enter upon it,
and to estimate the value of the Union; but I will
not anticipate the occurrence of any such contin-
gency. When the North shall, by any deliberate
act, deprive the South of any fa'ir and just and
equal participation in the benefits of the Union—
if, for example, the Territory now proposed to be
admitted into the Union as a State had not been
subject to an interdict of slavery for thirty years
—if it were a Territory such as that lying west
of Arkansas, by climate adapted to slave labor,
I and by population already a slave Territory; and
if, on an application of such a Territory for ad-
mission into the Union as a slave State, the pow-
erful North, without any of the feelings and re-
sentments naturally growing out of the repeal of
the Missouri compromise in regard to Kansas,
should deliberately announce to the South, "you
shall have no more slave States," that would af-
ford a pretext with which the South might with
I some reason, and with some assurance of the ap-
proval of the civilized world and of posterity, seek
to dissolve the Union. I know that it is supposed
by some that the day will come when the North,
in the arrogance of its flower, will furnish just
such a pretext as I have indicated; and the Sen-
ator from Georgia and others have argued this
question on the ground that it will come; but I
must see it come before I will calculate the value
of this Union. I trust that day will never come.
I do not believe it will come if the South is wise
and true to itself. I would not have the South
truckle or surrender any of their rights. I would
not have them yield one jot or tittle of their rights;
but I would have them make no questionable is-
sues in advance, stir up no strife upon unneces-
sary absuact questions, having no practical value;
but to do always what is just and right upon all
questions. When a people or a Territory applies
for admission into the Union under a constitution
fairly foi mcd, with the assent of the people exclud-
ing slavery, I would admit it promptly; and when
an application comes, on the other hand, from the
people of a Territory who have fairly formed a
constitution recognizing slavery, I would insist
upon its admission as a slave State. If the North
should not agree to this, it would then be time
enough to consider of the proper remedy. But t
would mnke no such issue with the North now,
! and before any occasion for it has arisen; and I
regret molt sincerely to hear any Senator from
the North suggesting that such an issue will ever
be tendered from that quarter.
I have been led to make these remarks alto-
gether out of the course of argument I had in-
tended to pursue, by reason of the unexpected
speech of the Senator from Georgia on this quos-
! tion; his extraordinary statements and avowals,
both as to doctrine and matters of fact. I have
lelt it necessary, at the outset of my remarks, to
meet some of them.
Now, Mr. President, unless this is to be the in-
auguration ofasortof saturnaliaof principle;un-
lcss, from this time forth, there is nothing to be
considered as established or permanent in this
country; unless all the old landmarks are to be
removed; unless the waters are to be let out, and
all the highways are to be broken up, it would be
an easy matter—the most easy task in the world
—to demonstrate that, according to all sound prin-
ciples, there is at this time no application before
Congress, with the assent of the people of Kan-
sas, for admission into the Union as a State. I
