1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
" Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the
Chair decided the gentleman's resolution to be
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has a right to modify his resolution.
Mr. JONESj of Tennessee. The rule is, that
«o gentleman shall offer more than one resolution
ion a call of the States for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has not offered one, because the point of
order of the gentleman from Tennessee prevented
him from offering it.
Mr. BENNETT. Desiring only to test the
sense of the House, I demand the previous ques-
tion on my resolution.
Mr. COBB. I ask my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to withdraw the demand
for the previous question to enable me to submit
a motion to refer this subject to the Committee
on Public Lands, which I think is the proper
committee. He can then call the previous ques-
tion, and let the sense of the House be tested.
Mr. BENNETT. I decline to withdraw the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to another
question of order. There have been no petitions
presented here, that I am aware of, upon this
subject. The resolution proposes to change the
rules of the House by raising a committee not
provided for by those rules, to take charge of a
subject which is not before the House, and which
has not been brought here by any petitions—there
is nothing to refer to the committee. It requires
one day's notice to change the rules so as to raise
any such committee.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to offer an amendment
which will obviate the difficulty which the gen-
tleman suggests.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is in order, and calls the attention of the
gentleman from Tennessee to the phraseology of
the resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Chair de-
cides the resolution to be in order, I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. (JROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Tennessee to allow me to offer a resolution call-
ing for information merely, which is for the ad-
vantage of every member.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Pending the count,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a question of order while the House is dividing.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn over.
'The yeas and nays were ordered, thirty-six
members seconding the call.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to withdraw my
motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, and it was agreed to;
and thereupon, at half past three o'clock, p. ra.,
the House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, December 19, 1857.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, an estimate of the necessary appro-
priation to erect a fort at New Inlet, North Caro-
lina; which was, on motion of Mr. Reid, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of the heirs of Isaac and Sarah Blau-
velt praying to be allowed a pension for the ser-
vices of Isaac Blauvelt in the revolutionary war;
■which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the heirs
of Mary Hopper, widow of John A. Hopper, a
revolutionary officer, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Lu-
cretia Bell, heir of Abram Van Buskirk, a soldier
in the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the territory recently pur-
chased from Mexico may be separated from the
Territory of New Mexico, and erected into a new
Territory, under the name of Arizonia; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
j Fanny Tyler, widow of Lieutenant William H.
I Tyler, of the Army, praying to be allowed half
pay for five years from the death of her husband;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of William
Heine, praying for compensation for services as
an artist in the Japan expedition; which, with the
papers on file relative to the case, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr, FESSENDEN presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Miles Devine; which,
with his petition on file, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, Thar the petition of Ephraim ITunt, on the files
of the Senate, be lefeired to the Committee oil Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the memonal ofBcnjamm AU'Onj. on the
i files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
j tary Affairs.
i CONGRESSIONAL CHAPLAINS.
| The joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) in relation
I to the clergymen of the city of Washington who
may officiate as Chaplains of the Senate and House
: of Representatives, was read twice by its title,
i and referred to the Committee on the Library.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I submit the following
resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate, Tbat in consideration of the
financial condition of the country and us industrial inter-
ests, as well as of the wants and embarrassments of the
Treasury of the United States, the rates of duty levied
under the tariff act of the 3d of March, 1857, ought to be
| materially increased.
; Resolved, further, That experience having demonstrated
; that th<j pre&ent mode of ascertaining the dutiable value of
' imported goods is productive of monstrous frauds, injurious
j alike to the Government and the honest importei, a system
! of home valuation ought to be immediately substituted
■ thOH'for.
j Mr. President, yesterday I declared it to be my
■ purpose to vote for the bill for the issue of Treas-
: ury notes to the amount of $20,000,000, in the
| confident expectation that the measure of incur-
ring that debt would be accompanied by some
provision for an increase of revenue. These res-
olutions propose that; and contain the further
proposition, that, having experience of frauds prac-
ticed under the present system of ascertaining the
dutiable value of the goods imported, we should
now immediately substitute a home valuation for
it. These are propositions of a financial char-
acter which have been long considered by this
House; I shall therefore be content to have a vote
of the Senate upon them now.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope they will lie over.
They are important resolutions, and I am not
I willing to consider them to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the resolutions must he over under the
rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the resolutions
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. U. Allen, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 2) to amend an act entitled " An act to reg-
ulate the compensation of members of Congress,"
approved August 16, 1856; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
erate of the bill (S. No. 13) to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes; the pending ^uestro'ii
being on the amendment offered by Mr. FesseI*-
den, to add to the tenth section of the bill:
*3n<2 -providedfurther, Ttiut the power to issue and reissUfc
Treasury notes, conferred on the President of the United
States by this act, shall cease and determine on the 1st day
of January, 1859. .
Mr. HUNTER. There is-a verbal amend-
ment which I should like to make, which can be
done by general consent. It is in the elevehtfe
line of the first section. The term " raised " is
applied to Treasury notes. I move to strike out
the word " raised," and iftsert " issued."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is now on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the closing
hours of the Thirty-Fourth Congress were con-
sumed by efforts to deplete an overflowing Treas-
ury; the early days of the Thirty-Fifth Congress
are consumed in efforts to fill an empty Treas-
ury. Then, the Secretary of the Treasury in-
voked Congress to reduce the accumulating coin
in the Treasury by a revision of the revenue
laws; now, the Secretary of the Treasury a,sks
Congress to fill an empty Treasury by the i&sue
of $20,000,000 of Treasury notes. Then, the far-
seeingbusiness men of the country hoped to ward
off the impending commercial revulsion by-the
depletion of the Treasury; now, that Treasury has
| been emptied by the most sweeping commercial
| revulsion which ever came upon the1 country;
: The Finance Committee, m compliance with
| the recommendation of the executive depart-
l ment, proposes to issue $20,000,000 of Treasury
! notes, as a temporary expedient. The Senator
| from New York [Mr. Seward] proposes to re-
: strict this issue to $10,000,000. I shall vote for
this amendment, although T have no doubt we
shall be called upon, within sixty days, to grant
the entire amount. I regard the proposed mode
of supplying the temporary wants of the Govern-
ment preferable to a loan. These Treasury notss,
if the interest is low enough, will not be taken or
held by the capitalists, but will be used by the
banks and the merchants,as remittances. Thfey
will be, in fact, equivalent to specie funds. I am
willing to vote to supply the temporary want's of
the Treasury by this mode, but I am not willing
to begin, by this system, a national debt. I am
opposed to increasing the national debt without
providing the means to liquidate that debt at the
earliest practicable moment, by increasing the
duties on iron, cotton, and woolen manufactures*
The issue of these notes is limited to the 1st of
January, 1859. It is, so far, temporary in its
form; but I believe that, on the 1st of January,
1859, the Treasury will be more than $20,000,000
j in debt. Sir, I make the prediction, and I am
! willing to put it upon record, that on the opening
I of the year 1859 we shall be from $20,000,000 to
| $30,000,000 short of the means to meet the cur-
rent expenses of the Government.
On the 1st of July, the beginning of the fiscal
year, the amount in the Treasury was nearly
| $18,000,000. The receipts of the first quarter,
i ending on 30th of September, amounted to nearly
j'$21,000,000, making $39,000,000. The receipts
| of the present quarter, ending on the 1st of Jan-
i uary next, of course arc not yet known; they
must, however, be somewhere between five and
ten million dollars. The expenditures of the
Government from the 1st of July last to the 1st
of January next, must be somewhere about for-
ty-five million dollars for the first half of the
fiscal year.
Now, sir, we are to commence the year 1858
with an empty Treasury, and the Secretary of
the Treasury comes here for $20,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes. He estimates the receipts from the
30th of September last to the 1st or July next,
at $33,000,000. Although it is a very difficult
thing to speak with accuracy on a subject of this
character—for if we turn back and read the de-
bates from the foundation of the Government
in regard to the working of the tariffs and the
finances, we shall find that the most eminent men
of the country have been greatly mistaken in their
estimates of the operation of revenue laws—I be-
lieve that we shall commence one year from this
time with the Treasury short by more than the
$20,000,000 we now propose to issue in the shape
of Treasury notes. I think that the Secretary of
