1858.]
35th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
133
Senate.
do not know whether other Senators have thought
of the question in that aspect or not.
What is the true doctrine on this subject? I
had supposed that there could be no disagreement
as to the true principles connected with the rights
and powers of the people in forming a State con-
stitution; but since I hgive heard the speech of the
Senator from Georgia, I do not know what prin-
ciple he agrees to. I say that in no disrespect;
but I thought he was particularly wild, shooting
cxtraflmmnantiamaniamundi, on those high points
of doctrine which he, insome parts of-his speech,
thought proper to enunciate. Does any person
here deny the proposition, that the people of a
Territory, in the formation of a State constitu-
tion, are to that ex tent—quoad hoc—sovereign and
uncontrollable, though still cowing obedience to
the provisional government of the Territory?
Will any Senator contend that the Territorial Le-
gislature can either give to the people any power
over that subject which they did not possess be-
fore, or withhold from them any which they did
possess? The Territorial Legislature cannot dic-
tate any one provision of the constitution which
the people think proper to form. Who is pre-
pared to contend that Congress can do anything
more in this respect than a Territorial Legislature?
It is usual for the Territorial Legislature, when
the people desire to apply for admission into the
Union, in the absence of an enabling act of Con-
gress, to pass a law providing for the assembling
of a convention to form a State constitution. Rut
that is a mere usage, resorted to when Congress
has not thought proper to pass what is called an
enabling act. What is an enabling act? Nothing
more than to signify to the people of a Territory
that if they shall think proper to meet in conven-
tion and form a State constitution, in compliance
with certain forms therein prescribed, to insure
a fair expression of the people's will, Congress
is prepared to admit them into the Union as a
State.
But such an act gives no more power to the peo-
ple over the subject of a constitution than an act
of a Territotial Legislature. But suppose the
people, either under an act of the Territorial Le-
gislature or of Congress, meet in convention, by
delegates chosen by the people, and form a con-
stitution: what then? Has it any vitality as a
constitution? Does it transform the Territory
into a State? Has it any binding force or effect
either upon individuals or upon the community ?
Nobody pretends that it has any such force. It
is only after the acceptance of the constitution,
and the admission of the Territory into the Union
as a State, that there is any vigor or validity in a
constitution so formed. Before that time, it is
worth no more than the parchment on which its
piovisions are written, so far as any legal or con-
stitutional validity is concerned
But, upon principle, the people of a Territory,
without any act of the Terutonal Legislature,
without an enabling act of Congress, can hold
public meetings and elect delegates to meet in con-
vention for the purpose, of forming a constitution;
and, when formed, it has all the essential attri-
butes of a valid constitution as one formed in any
other way. Many Senators contend that it is the
inalienable and indefeasible right of the people of
a State at all times to change their constitution in
any manner they think proper. This doctrine I
do not admit, in regard to the people of a State;
but, m reference to the formation of a constitution
by the people of a Territory, there can be no ques-
tion as to the soundness of this doctrine. They
can form a constitution by delegates voluntarily
chosen and sent to a convention, but what is it.
worth when it is formed? Nothing at all, until
Congress shall accept it and admit the Territory
into the Union as a State under that constitution,
it is worth no more m that case than in the case
of a constitution formed under a territorial act,
or an act of Congress; but it is worth just as
much.
The honorable Senator from Georgia says that
the special message of the President on this sub-
ject will stand as a lasting monument of his pa-
triotism, boldness, and adherence to the high prin-
ciples of constitutional justice and right. 1 say
that, according to the doctrine of that message,
the people of a Territory have the right at any
time to meet voluntarily in convention, in mass
or by delegates, and to form a constitution; and
when so formed, that, in virtue of the same powers
of sovereignty over the subject, they can alter or
change it, or form anew constitution, at any time
before Congress shall have admitted them into
the Union as a State, under the constitution as
first formed and adopted in convention.
I know that the honorable Senator's argument
upon this point was so mixed up with qualifica-
tions—such as that this act of sovereignty must
be exercised in regular form—that I cannot assert
that he has admitted the principle I have laid
down; but others have. All agree that no constitu-
tion formed by the people of a Territory, whether
formed in one way or another, has any validity
or binding force, until the admission of the Ter-
ritory into the Union as a State under it. Then,
according to the admitted principle that the people
of a Territory-have a right to form a State consti-
tution, with or without an enabling act of Con-
gress, or with or without any act of the Territo-
rial Legislature, where is the limitation or restric-
tion upon the power of the people of Kansas to
; change or wholly set aside any constitution formed
by them, at any time before Congress shall have
accepted it? Gentlemen say that the Lecomptog
constitution was regularly and fairly formed,
under the provisions of an act of the Territorial
Legislature. Let all this be admitted to be true,
as stated. What follows? Have the people lost
all power over the constitution so formed, before
it is accepted by Congress? Suppose the people of
Kansas should become dissatisfied with the con-
stitution they first agreed upon,and should desire
to change some of the features of it, or to frame
a new one, before the one first formed has been
presented to Congress; or, if presented, before
any action has taken place in regard to it; could
not the people, either before the presentation, or
between the presentation to and the acceptance
by Congress, through the same regular forms in
which the constitution was originally formed—
that is to say, under an act of the Territorial Le-
gislature—decide to set aside or reject the consti-
tution which had been previously formed, and
proceed to form a new one? I should like any
honorable Senator to state why they have not
ample and complete power over the whole subject
until the last moment before the admission of the
Territory into the Union as a State; and this upon
every principle of sound doctrine and constitu-
tional law known to this country? Certainly they
have. Now, take the case of the Lecompton con-
stitution. Admit that it was regularly formed,
as gentlemen contend, and that it will not do to
look into any frauds nor any contrivances that
may have been resorted to in its formation; sup-
pose it to have been formed with ail the regular-
ity and fairness that they insist it has; have the
people, in that case, so tied up their hands, have
they so fettered their inalienable right and power
over the subject of their form of government, that
they cannot alter, reform, or abolish it; that it
must stand as it was originally formed, until Con-
gress shall have passed upon it, accepting or re-
jectingit?
The idea of the President is, that when a Ter-
ritory is once prepared for admission into the
Union by the formation of a State constitution,
the Territorial Legislature has no power over it.
That is not the question. The question is, have
the people of the Territory the power over this
constitution, and have they exercised it? The
Legislatiue elected in October did proceed to pro-
vide for taking the sense of the people in regard
to this constitution with the same regularity, and
at least as unquestionable in it,'raid to fairness as
the original election of delegates to the convention
which foimed the Lccompton constitution; and
the people have decided, by an overwhelming ma-
jority, against that constitution.
1 say, therefore, that when you come to exam-
ine this question on every principle connected
with the inalienable rights of hex people, an-
nounced by the President and his principal sup-
porters here, there is really no application before
us for the admission of Kansas into the Union
with the assent of the people of that Territory.
Nevertheless, there may be such a condition of
public affairs as to override all established princi- ]
pies; but it must be a very strong case to do that. \
It may possibly be that a case exists which may I
justify us in disregarding the manifest will of the
peopleof Kansas, and taking this instrument pre-
sented to us by the President as the legitimate
exponent of the sense of the people of that Terri-
tory, and admit it into the Union as a State. But
unless such a case of overruling necessity can be
made out, I maintain that it is enough to say, in
opposition to this measure, that there is no appli-
cation made to us by the people of Kansas for
admission into the Union under this constitution.
Having disposed of this point, as the Senate
has already determined that it will take a recess
until seven o'clock, I request that, as but a minute
intervenes between this and the appointed time
for taking the recess, they will do me the favor
to take it now.
On motion, the Senate took a reccss until seven
o'clock.  
evening session.
The Senate reassembled at seven o 'clock, p. m.,
and resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 161) for the ad-
mission of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. BELL. I regret that the speech of the
honorable Senator from Georgia was of such a
character and tenor as necessarily compels me to
go more into detail on this subject than I had sup-
posed would be proper after the very full inves-
tigation and discussion which have already taken
place on most of the material points conncctcd
with it.
Unless this bill, when it is put to the test of a
final vote, shall assume some different shape, I
shall be compelled to cast my vote against it; and
after what has been said by the Senator from
Georgia, I feel it necessary to make a record of
the facts of this case, as I understand them—not
such a record as I can hope wiil stand as long as
society lasts, in the language of that Senator; but
such as I think will stand the scrutiny not only
of the present but of future time.
I need say but little in regard to my position in
relation to this subject, now or heretofore. I will
say, that I may claim to be impartial between the
parties that divide upon it. I owe no allegiance
toeitherofthem, noram Iswayed by anypridcof
consistency which some may feel, leading them to
support all the measures that may be regarded as
part and parcel of the original movement—of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. The honor-
able Senator from Georgia treated this question
as directly connected with the Kansas-Nebraska
act of 1854. The contest at this time he regards
as involving a piinciple and policy embraced in
that act. I did not believe, after examining that
measure maturely and looking at it in all its as-
spects, that it would ever bring any solid benefit
to the South. 1 never impugned the motives of
honorable gentlemen who took a different view of
the subject, but I did not believe that it would
lead to the permanent establishment of any prin-
ciple of any practical advantage to the South; but,
on the other hand, that it would prove injurious
to southern interests. I think so still.
With regard to the prcsentquestion,I lay down
as the basis of my conclusion as to what ought
to be done, that the solution of it which promises
the speediest termination of this dangerous sla-
very agitation is the true one. This dangerous
agitation has continued long enough. Theic has
been no mitigation of it in the last four years.
There have been intervals of apparent repose, but
it was just such repose as foreboded increased dis-
order and commotion. It is time to terminate it.
The question is, what is that solution which
promises the speediest and most permanent rem-
edy for these difficulties? Divine that to me,
whoever can, and I will follow his lead. How
shall we cut this Gordian knot of Kansas poli-
tics? Shall we cut it by the sword? Shall we
first subdue the rebellious faction said to exist in
Kansas by arms, or shall we attempt to unravel
this tangled skein by some more peaceful means?
The President assures us that the best, and I be-
lieve I am warranted in saying, from the language
of his message, the only mode by which this dan-
gerous slavery agitation can be quieted, and peace
be restored to the whole country, is to admit Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution; or, at all
events, that to adopt this course will localize agi-
tation, and leave the country and the Halls of
