ira
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Efficiency and cheapness in any increase of the
Army, whether that increase be permanent or
temporary, ought not to be lost sight of. The
opinion of the Secretary of War condemns the
proposed measure of the majority because it lacks
efficiency and economy.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman has the opinion
of the Secretary of War as to his belief against
thatof the committee. Thatistrue. Butlwould
not give the opinion of the committee for that of
three such Secretaries of War upon the subject of
efficiency and economy, because he has not had
as much experience as three or four of the mem-
bers of the "committee. I say this with due re-
spect to the Secretary of War.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Iowa
is mistaken if he supposes that I undertake to
hold the scales of justice here in any judgment to
be passed upon the comparative ability—the com-
parative military ability, if you please—of the Sec-
retary of War and the honorable gentlemen who
compose the Military Committee of this House.
I am perfectly willing that that grave question
shall be settled elsewhere and by a different tri-
bunal. I am willing to leave that important ques-
tion for settlement to the calm, dispassionate judg-
ment of the future historian. At all events, sir, I
respectfully decline the office of arbiter or judge
upon the relative merits of the military achieve-
ments and experience of the honorable three to
whom the gentleman refers, and the military
achievements and experience of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa a question. I believe the gentle-
man was in command of a volunteer force in the
Mexican war ?
Mr. CURTIS assented.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will lie be kind enough
to tell me of any civilian in this country who has
happened to have command of a volunteer force
in any war, who did not, through his self-pride,
prefer the force he commanded, and contend that
it was superior to a regular force ? We have vol-
unteer gentlemen on the Military Committee, and
they, forsooth, are better judges of what the mili-
tary defense of the country requires than the offi-
cers of the regular Army !
Mr. CURTIS. I will say that I do not think
so. I do not think the volunteers claim to be bet-
ter soldiers, but they always claim to be equal to
the regular forces.
Mr. QUITMAN. The modesty of the gentle-
man from Iowa has prevented him from stating
that he was educated at West Point as an officer
of the regular Army; and I believe that before the
close of the war he commanded a regiment of reg-
ulars.
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir.
Mr. QUITMAN. At any rate, he was regu-
larly educated to the military profession.
Mr. SAVAGE. [ think it quite unfortunate
that this comparison should be made. It devolves
upon me now, however, to answer also as to my
position. In the late war with Mexico I belonged
to the regular branch of the service. I had the
honor first of being a major in the fourteenth divi-
sion, and of being at Mulino did Rev a lieutenant
colonel in the eleventh division. Prior to that
time, many years ago, I had been a very high
private; and that is the sum of my experience.
Mr. CLEMENS, t understand this to he a
question between the military department of this
Government and certain gentlemen of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I desire to know from
the gentleman from Mississippi, how many other
members of the Military Committee who have
reported against the plan recommended by the De-
partment for the increase of the Army, happened
to be educated at West Point? I would "like to
know whether the whole of them, with the ex-
ception perhaps of the gentlemen from iowa, were
not in command of volunteers in the last war, and
whether whatever military reputation they have
lias not been derived from that war, and that war
alone ?
Mr. QUITMAN. If I am permitted, I will
answer the gentleman. I will say that 1 believe
that two members of the committee were educa-
ted at West Point for the profession of a soldier,
and that four have commanded regulars. As the
gentleman appears to bo unacquainted with my
poor military history 
Mr. CLEMEN'S. I beg the gentleman's par*
don. I am familiar with it, and the country is
familiar with the great deeds it sets forth.
Mr. QUITMAN. I, of course, as a major gen-
eral, belonged to the regular service of the United
States. I trust that I have never shown any hos-
tility to that service. 1 do not regard this as a
controversy between gentlemen, but as a contro-
versy as to the great powers of this Government.
I felt it to be my duty, as a member of Congress,
to advocate what I believe the country wants—a
temporary increase of its military force. The high
duty is devolved upon Congress of raising, organ-
izing, and equipping armies. For doing this, the
responsibility rests with us; and we are not to be
judged by the opinion of the Secretary of War,
or the President, or anybody else, in the dis-
charge of that duty.
Mr. BINGHAM. I agree with the gentleman
from Mississippi. Every member, in his official
action on this question, as upon all other ques-
tions, should be governed by what, in his judg-
ment, is needful and right and just in the prem-
ises, irrespective of any opinion of the Secretary
of War or any executive officer. But, sir, when
I made the remark which I did, it unexpectedly
called from my friend from Iowa [Mr. Curtis]
a comparison of the military qualifications of the
Secretary of War and the honorable gentlemen of
the Committee on Military Affairs of thisHouse.
It was furthest from my purpose to make any
suggestion to the gentlemen that they ought to be
controlled in the discharge of their official duty
here bythemere dictum of the Secretary of War.
I wished to have this conflict of opinion under-
stood. I thought I spoke plainly enough. By
the Constitution of the United States, the exec-
utive department of this Government is especially
charged with the execution of the laws of the Uni-
ted States. In time of peace, the Army of the
United Slate? is kept organized chiefly, if not
exclusively, to enable the President to discharge
that duty. If, therefore, any increase of the
Army of the United States, either temporarily
or permanently, be needful in this time of pro-
found peace, (for it is a time of profound peace
between the United States Government and all
foreign nations,) it is for the President, above all
others, to know it, and to bring that fact before
Congress; and also to suggest and 'recommend
! such necessary increase, as well as the kind of
1 force required. I say that the increase of the Army
is an Administration measure. If an increase had
not been recommended by the President, does
anybody suppose that this House would, upon
its own motion, have proceeded to increase the
Army of the United States? I think not. The
remarks which I have submitted upon the kind
of forces recommended would not have been in-
dulged in by me at all, if one of the members of
the committee had not attempted, as I understood
him, to press the weight of the Administration
into the support of this bill. In answer to that
attempt I thought it perfectly legitimate to pre-
sent to the House the fact that this bill stands con-
demned by the war officer of the Government.
I do not know whether this ought to have
weight with other gentlemen. In my view of the
subject, 1 allow it to have weight with me. I
shall vote for no increase of the Army, as at
I present advised. 1 will hold the Administration
; responsible for any increase that may be made.
; Unless the Administration needs an increase of
■ the Army, it ought not to have it; and unless it
! asks it, it ought not to get it. The Administra-
| tion has taken particular pains to condemn this
| bill. It has said in express terms, through its
i war officers, that the increase of the regular Jirmy
is the most efficient and least expensive to the
j country. I state this that it may have its due
' weight with the House and the country.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question? It seems to me that
we difl'er as to our duty as members of Congress.
We have before us the application of the Legis-
lature of the State of Texas, and that is reported
on in a part of this bill. We have, also, advices
from General Twiggs that the Indians are com-
mitting depredations on the frontier. This was
brought directly before us from the Legislature
of Texas. I ask the gentleman whether he would
refuse to act upon it, although he might believe
some additional force was required for the defense
f | of Texas, or wait to act upon ituntil he received
1 a recommendation from the Administration?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am greatly obliged to the
gentleman for his suggestion. He will observe
that in my remarks, I used the words " as at pres-
ent advised." The case of Texas had entirely
escaped my mind at the moment. The truth is,
that in the remarks I have been making, I was
directing my attention especially to that section
of the bill which provides four additional regi- 
mcnts of volunteers temporarily to be employed,
not in Texas, but in Utah and the northwestern
frontier. I had not in my mind the application
of the State of Texas. I am ready to respond to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Mississippi.
On the petition of the State of Texas, setting forth
that additional force was necessary for the protec-
tion of life and property in that State, and being
satisfied that such force was necessary, I trust I
would be as ready as the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to vote that additional force. I shall come
to that part of my argument presently, which
covers the application ofTexas, and that section
ofthe bill which providesfor volunteers forTexas.
Allow me to remark, in passing, that the lan-
guage ofthe Secretary of War, which I have quoted
in condemnation of the provisions of this bill for
raising four additional regiments, applies with
equarforce to the first section, which providesfor
raising one regiment of volunteers forTexas. My
chief objection to this bill does not originate m
the report of the Secretary of War by any means,
and applies alike to the bill reported by the ma-
jority and the substitute proposed by the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner.]
That objection is, that I am not advisad of ar.y
condition of things in Texas, in Utah, or any-
where else within the limits of the United States,
which renders it necessary that there should be
any increase of the Army, either temporarily or
permanently, either by means of volunteer regi-
ments or by means of regulars. Until that neces-
sity is made apparent, I shall vote for no increase
of the Army.
It is well understood and conceded on all sides
of the House, that the Army of the United States
numbers some fifteen thousand efficient men, and
liable to be increased, I believe, by addition of re-
cruits, <6 eighteen thousand, under the existing
laws. How is this force employed at present? In
the eastern department, I believe, there are only
about eight hundred of them; in Florida there is
only a small number—not to exceed a thousand.
Where is the residue—where the remaining thir-
teen thousand efficient men? In the departments
of the Northwest and of the Pacific. What condi-
tion of things exists in t'natseetionof the country,
which requires there the immediate presence just
now of this force of thirteen thousand men ? Can
anybody answer? Three thousand of those effi-
cient soldiers of the Army of the United States
are within the limits of the Territory of Kan-
sas, or in its immediate vicinity. Does any-
body know that there is any necessity at all for
the continuance of that force in that Territory?
Two thousand troops have been thrown forward
toward the Territory of Utah, in the direction of
Salt Lake City, under command of Colonel John-
ston, for the purpose of enforcing the law in that
Territory; and the four additional regiments pro-
vided for in this bill were recommended by the
President, solely upon the ground that there is
threatened insurrection in Utah, and this force is
necessary to suppress it. For that purpose alone
does the President ask for this increase. The
majority of the committee, of course, speak for
themselves, and they say that this additional force
is wanted for some other purposes. They want
it not only for Utah, but to defend the emigrant
trains, and the northwestern frontier. I deal with
this matter, however, not as a measure which par-
ticularly belongs to the majority of the Military
Committee of this House, but as an Administra-
tion measure. When it is proposed to increase
the Army on the recommendation of the Execu-
tive,! want to know the necessity for it; and to the
President it belongs to show to the House and the
country that necessity. That showing is the more
needful when the committee report no fads in sup-
port of their bill. How does the President show
this necessity ? What does he say about it? In
his annual message, he uses this language when
speaking of the insurrection in Utah:
" Governor Young has, by proclamation, declared his de-
termination to maintain his power by force, and lias aheady
committed acts of hostility against the United States. Ua-
