1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
35tii Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
that the election was carried by violence, and Gov-
ernor Reeder setaside the returns in several cases,
and ordered new elections; and in all these cases,
except one, Free-Soil candidates were returned
elected. When the Legislature met, however,
they were all ejected, and the persons first re-
turned as elected allowed to take their seats—so
that the Legislature may be said to have been a
unit on the slavery question.
That body proceeded to enact a code of laws.
JNo act was passed establishing or prohibiting sla-
very. The question was not put to a vote in any
form, except on the passage of stringent laws for
the protection of slave property; and, among
others, a law was fenacted, making it a felony,
punishable by two years' imprisonment at hard
labor, to assert, either by speech or writing, or
to circulate pamphlets, magazines, or any printed
matter asserting, that it was not lawful to hold
slaves in Kansas. Test-oaths were prescribed for
voters and other regulations for the conduct of
subsequent clcctions, well calculated, if not de-
signed, to enable the pro-slavery party to carry
all elections, and to keep the government of the
Territory under their control; and they succeeded
in that object until October, 1857.
In explanation of, and in justification of, these
high-handed proceedings, commencing with the
election in March, 1855, it is alleged that a gigan-
tic fraud was committed by the Emigrant Aid So-
ciety in attempting, by unusual and violent means,'
to make Kansas a free State. 1 have no defense
to make of the proceedings of that society; but it
is material to state that, upon investigation, I find
that before the first election in March, 1855, only
one party or company of emigrants arrived in
Kansas under the auspices of the society, con-
sisting of one hundred and sixty-nine souls, men,
women, and children, and that thirty-seven of
them voted at that election. I deplore, as much
as any man can do, the spirit in which this Emi-
grant Aid Society was gotten up. I believe that
it tended strongly to promote and foment discord
not only in Kansas, but throughout the country.
The Territorial Legislature having passed acts
of the character and tendency I have stated,from
that time forth, it is fair to both sides to state that
the mass, at least much the largest portion of the
Free-Soil party, or Abolitionists, as gentlemen,
according to their tastes, choose to call them—
and no doubt many of them were Abolitionists—
avowed their determination never to submit to the
authority of the territorial government, nor to
yield obcdicncc to its laws. That spirit of resist-
ance and rebellion against the territorial authori-
ties continued to exist to October last.
1 trust that I have, so far, given the history of
Kansas affairs truly and fairly. I agree with the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] that, as a
question of duty and public morals, the free-State
men ought to have submitted to the authority of
the territorial government, and to have waited,
like good citizens, with patience, a remedy for
their grievances, which time could not fail to
bring, or, at least, so long as any hope remained
that relief would come in a reasonable time; for,
as the Senator from Virginia says, and saystnily,
whether a government be founded in fraud or 1
usurpation, or not, there is a necessity for some i
government; no society can endure in a state of j
anaichy; civil war and bloodshed are worse evils
than the endurance of an unjustgovcrnment for a
short period.
To resume my nairative. The second election
for members of the Legislature and Delegate to
Congress camp on in October, 1856. The Tern- j
tonal Legislature having passed an act in 1855 i
for taking the sense of the people upon the call of ]
a convention to form a State constitution, at the j
election m October, 1S56, a vote was taken ac- |
cordmgly on that subject. The number of votes
polied at that election was about twenty-five hun-
dred, the free-State party not voting. All the
votes cast, I believe, were in favor of the call of
a convention, and none but pro-slavery men were
elect* d to the Legislature.
i have omitted to state in the regular order of
time that the Free-Soil leaders called a meeting of
the pronle in 1855, at which delegates were chosen
to meet in conventional Topeko, in September, of
that year, to form a Stale constitution. The con- i
vention met, formed a constitution, and applica- [
tion was made to Congress for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, as a State, under it. The
House of Representatives, in 1856, passed a bill
to admit Kansas into the Union under that con-
stitution, but it was rejected in the Senate. What
the motive was to this proceeding on the part of
the Free-Soil party may well be supposed to have
been, as it is alleged it was, to be relieved from
the unjust legislation of the territorial government.
The Topeka constitution has been stigmatized
as a revolutionary movement. If a government
had been set up under it, it would have been so,
undoubtedly. But, though there have been two
elections of a Governor and members of the Le-
gislature under that constitution, yet no govern-
ment has been put in operation under it; though I
have no doubt that some of the more desperate
leaders of the party which formed this constitu-
tion were prepared to take that step, and would
have done so if they had not been overruled by
the more modei ate portion of their followeis. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] took no no-
tice of the formation of the Topeka constitution,
except to ridicule it as General Jim Lane's pro-
duction.
I am not sure that-he was warranted in treating
it with so much disrespect, when the President
put forth the doctrines to be found in his special
message upon the subject of the right of the peo-
ple at all times to change their form of govern-
ment; unless you deny to the people of a Terri-
tory a right which you concede to those of a State
in that respect, which would be contrary to the
principle of popular sovereignty so strongly main-
tained by the authors of the organic law of Kan-
sas.
The Legislature elected in October, 1856, met
in January, 3857, and, in conformity with the vote
of twenty-five hundred of the people in the pre-
ceding October, they passed an act providing for
the election of delegates on the 15th of June to a
convention to meet in the following September.
Governor Walker made his appearance in the
Territory in May. He published an address to
the people of the Territory, which was declared
to be m conformity with the views of the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet. In that address he assured
the people of his determination to use every means
in his control to prevent all disorder and violence
at the election to bo held on the 15-th of June, and
earnestly advised the free-State party to go to the
polls and vote for delegates to the comention,
warning them that, although he would use ail his
influence to have the constitution, when framed,
submitted to a vote of all the bona fide inhabitants,
end had no doubt that it would he so submitted,
yet he had no authority to dictate that course.
By the act of the Legislature providing for the
election of delegates to the convention, the most
obnoxious of the test oaths prescribed by her first
Legislature was repealed, and a census was di-
rected to be taken, and a register made of the qual-
ified voters in each county, which was to be the
basis of the apportionment by the Governor of
delegates among the several election districts into
which the Territory was divided, and also the test
of a right to vote in the election. One objection
to going to the polls, as stated by the free-State
party, was, that of the thirty-eight counties of the
Territory, including Arapahoe, in which there
was no population, there had been no register
made of the qualified voters m nineteen of them,
as the law required,and that no census had been
taken in fifteen of those nineteen, and that, as a
matter of course, the people in those counties
could not vote. Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton confirmed this statement, and the fact is
indisputable. I do not see what could be a greater
or more fatal irregularity in getting up a conven-
tion to form a State constitution. Sir, one half
the counties of a Territory left unrepresented—
allowed no voice in the convention ! Is that no
objection to a constitution formed bv a convention
so constituted ? The Senator from. Georgia passed
this irregularity over as a matter of slight or no
consequence. It had, he said, been satisfactorily
answered and accounted for. Where is the ex-
planation or justification to be found of this gross
irregularity? Upon what evidence does it rest.'' I .
have seen or heard of none which does not appear
to mc a mere pretense—an evasion. To say that
some free-State men m some one, two, or three of
; those counties refused to be registered, and thrcat-
; ened the officers with personal violence if they
persisted in the discharge of their duties, was a suf-
ficient reason for taking no census and making no
register at all in nineteen counties, appears to me
to be preposterous. When gentlemen talk of there
being no irregularity informing the convention I
must believe that they have not examined into the
facts connected with the subject. It is alleged
that the population in the nineteen neglected coun-
ties was small. In many of them that no doubt
was so. But still, after deducting the nine thou-
sand two hundred and fifty-one legal voters re-
1 turned on the register madt) out in the other nine-
teen, judging from the number of votes polled in
October, 1857, and again in January following,
there cannot have been less than three thousand
legal voters m the neglected counties. Thus it
appears that the sixty delegates to the convention
were elected by the nineteen counties in which
legisteis were duly made out; while not a single
delegate \va« voted for or clcctcd in the other nine-
teen counties of thoTcrritory. Governor Walker,
in one of his letters to Secretary Cass, states that
in some of the neglccted counties the people made
out a register on their own authority, and elected
delegates to the convention; but they were not al-
lowed seats on the ground that thou* election was
irregular. And the further significant fact is stated
by him that m the election of October, 1857, move
votes wore cast in tince of the neglected counties
than were given to the twenty-eight delegates
who formed the Lecompton constitution.
But I am departing from the order of my nar-
rative. The election of the 15th of June for del-
egates to the convention was held. The free-
State party did not participate in it, assigning, as
reason for their refusal to do so, besides the one
I have just mentioned, that they had no confi-
1 dencc in the oilicers who were to hold the elec-
tion, and the opinion given by Governor Walker,
that any constitution which might be framed
would be submitted, for ratification or rejection,
to a vote of all the people m the fall, whether they
■ voted at this election or not. At this election,
1 when it may be presumed the pro-slavery party
, put forth their whole strength, only twenty-two
i hundred votes were polled—less by three hun-
: dred than the vote polled in October, 185G; but
' the loss may be fairly accounted for by the ex-
i elusion of the pro-slavery voters in the nineteen
counties in which there was no register.
The convention met on the 5th of September,
but adjourned to a day in October, as it was un-
i derstood, to await the icsult of the territorial elec-
! tion fixed for the first Monday m that month.
Governor Walker had given the strongest assur-
ances of his purpose to use all the means in his
control to presei ve order and prevent violence at
that election. Conventions were calied, nominat-
ing candidates on both sides. On the one side,
they were called National Democratic candidates;
on the other side, free-State candidates, or, if you
please, Abolition candidates; it is no matter by
what name they were called. By that time two
thousand regular troops had arrived in the Ter-
ritory, sent at the earnest request of Governor
Walker, who stated that this was the only mode
of preserving pcace and preventing bloodshed.
He stationed them at different and the most ex-
posed points, on election day, to prevent inroads
from Missouri, or any other disturbance at the
polls. The result was, that the free-State partv
proper cast some seven thousand six hundred
votes, and the national Democratic party, com-
posed of pro-slavery men and such of the free-
State Democrats as united with them in the elec-
tion, polled some three thousand se\-en hundred
votes. It is material to state that Ransom, the
candidate for Delegate to Congress nominated by
the national Democratic party, was Free-Soil m
his principles. Altogether, there were upwards
of eleven thousand votes castm thatelection, after
rejecting some twenty-eight hundred votes found
to have been fraudulently returned; sixteen hun-
dred from the famous Oxford precinct,and twelve
hundred from McGee county, in which no poll
was opened. These arc all strong facts, but the
Senator from Georgia can see nothing m them.
That Senator asks for the evidence by which
these alleged frauds were proved. He said that
Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton were
