1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
87
a Mint fund has been considered necessary here-
tofore.
Mr. FESSEN0EN. I shall be obliged to the
Senator if he will allow me to ask him a question
for information, in reference to the point he is
now discussing.
. Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have had >10 time to
make any particular examination of the subject;
but on looking to the law, I find that there is a
provision that $1,000,000 shall be kept in the Mint
for the purpose of making advances to depositors.
I am not able to discover that there is any pro-
vision of law requiring any larger amount to be
kept there at any time. If there is any such pro-
vision, the Senator from Virginia is undoubtedly
familiar with it, and can inform the Senate how the
fdctis. The Mints, both at Philadelphiaand New
Orleans, are made sub-Treasuries, and as sub-
Troasuries they receive a certain amount of the
public money. Now, I desire to know the idea
011 which the Senator predicates his statement that
it is necessary to keep $6,000,000 in the Mint. Is
any, amount necessary to be kept there for the
purposes of the Mint; and, if so, what amount?
If it is not required for the Mint purposes, the
amount kept there is a part of the general balance
in the Treasury. I understand that $6,000,000
has been considered the surplus necessaiy to be
kept in the Treasury. Is not the excess of coin
at ihe Mint over and above the $1,000,000 re-
quire J by law to be kept on hand there; in fact,
an increase of the surplus deemed necessary for
Treasury purposes ? Is not that surplus there-
by increased from $6,000,000 to §10,000,000 or
§ LI,000,000? I should like, as one of the mem-
bers of this body, an explanation on this point;
because the two subjects were presented by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance in different
aspects—one as peculiarly relating to the balance
proper to be kept in the Treasury, and the other
as relating to the amount necessary to be held in
the Mint, as I suppose, for the purposes of the
Mint from year to year. I should like to know
whether that is so or not?
Mr. HUNTER. In reply to the Senator from
Maine, I will state that they are separate funds.
I am not able to say whether it is by law or by
Treasury regulation that $6,000,000 are kept in
tjie Mint. I rather incline to think it is by law,
and 1 think it was a measure introduced by a dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster.] I remember his moving in this subject.
However, whetherit be by statuteordepartmental
regulation, that amount has usually been kept
there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a statute. I mean
to say a few words in relation to the Mint fund in
a few moments. I can inform the Senator that
there is a statute on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. This fund is kept for the pur-
pose of exchanging coin with those who have bul-
lion, in order to save the interest 011 it which would
be lost by the delay in coining, for it frequently
happens that the Mint cannot coin bullion as fast
as it is presented. This was found to occasion
inconvenience, not only to dealers in bullion, but
to the merchants in the large cities—so much so
that Mr. Webster's attention was called to it;
and I recollect the time the provision was made:
but whether that precise amount was provided
for by law, I did not remember until the Senator
from Louisiana reminded me of it. In practice,
however, it is considered necessary to keep that
amount in the Mint, besides the $6,000,000 sur-
plus required to work the Treasury. It is doubt-
ful whether $6,000,000surplus are enough to work
the Treasury, because, in a country so extensive
as this, we cannotalways know when drafts will
be drawn on the Treasury. As I stated yester-
day, we have already been obliged, where those
who held these drafts were within reach, to have
them held up, where it could be conveniently done,
until means were provided for filling the Treas-
ury. 1 hope, therefore, it will not be the pleasure
of the Senator to reduce the amount which is pro-
posed in this bill.
I do not propose to say anything more on this
subject. I have stated what are said to be the
necessities of the Government by the Secretary
of the Treasury. They seem to be admitted by
gentlemen 011 the other side. Indeed, they seem
to think they will be even greater than the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has supposed. If so, I hope
they will join with me in keeping in this pro-
vision, and passing the bill to-day.
Mr. WILSON. A single word in reply to the
Senator from Virginia. I have 110 doubt that we
shall be called upon for these $20,000,000 during
the session. I should not be surprised if, before
the session closed, we should even have a call for
more. By the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury, ourreceipts will fali short nearly twenty
million dollars beyond the expenditures of the
current year; and I believed these were overes-
timates, and we shall fall short eight or ten mil-
lion dollars more. The executive department of
the Government recommend increased expend-
itures to the amount of eight or ten million dollars.
All this is proposed without any proposition to
increase the sources of revenue; but, on the con-
trary, a recommendation of the President and
Secretary of the Treasury that the revenue laws
shall not be revised by this Congress. When we
meet in December next, I think we shall find the
Treasury empty, and more than empty, by the
amount of these $20,000,000 of Treasury notes.
I understand the feeling of Senators on this
side of the Chamber to be this: that we shall sup-
ply the wants of the Government now; that we
shall do nothing to embarrass the Government,
but give them what they desire now, but that we
shall limit this sum to $10,000,000, and then take
a little time, and jsee if something cannot be done
to furnish the means to meet and redeem these
Treasury notes on the 1st of January, 1859.
The business interests of the country require this.
This is the part of wisdom, and I think the sug-
gestions made on this side of the Chamber are
reasonable and fair.
The Senator says that the receipts in INew
York for the months of October and November
were nearly equal in amount to the receipts of the
corresponding months last year.
Mr. HUNTER. Not the receipts at the cus-
tom-house. I said the receipts of goods were
about twenty-five per cent. less.
Mr. WILSON. So I understood the Senator.
There is no doubt of the truth of that statement;
but the most of those goods were ordered before
the revulsion,and at the high prices which existed
before this commercial revulsion. I think he will
find that, for the months of December, January,
February, March, and April, the receipts will be
greatly reduced in quantity from the receipts of
last year, and .that in value they will be reduced
from twenty-five to thirty-three per cent., and
that there will be an immense reduction far the
next four or five months in the importations of the
country.
I think we ought to take some means to provide
for these expenditures which are recommended
by the Government; for I tell the Senator from
Virginia that I am opposed to the increase of a
national debt, to a loan, or any permanent issue
of Treasury notes, and I believe the people of the
country are opposed to both. I readily consent
to either as a temporary measure for the relief of
the Government.
But, sir, in addition to the expenditures recom-
mended by the different Secretaries of eight or ten
million dollars, we have a claim coming in from
Oregon and Washington Territories of nearly six
million dollars, for the butchery of the Indians 011
the Pacific coast. We have removed two regi-
ments from Florida to Kansas or Utah; but vol-
unteers are hunting Billy Bowlegs, one or two
squaws, and three or four papooses, through the
everglades, and we shall have a large bill coming
in from that quarter. We have, it is said,nearly
half a million dollars of a claim on the Govern-
ment for the property destroyed by the invasions
of the Territory of Kansas. Then, sir, a portion
of the army, with immense supplies, have been
sent to Utah. These are now in the snows of the
mountains. Their freight trains have been cap-
tured, many of them have been burned, and great
losses of property have taken place. We may
be involved in a war that may cost us during
the coming year several million dollars. The
army, instead of being sent last May or June to
Utah, as it ought to have been, was kept in the
Territory of Kansas, when no military force
whatever was needed; and now the army on its
way to the Great Salt Lake, is involved in the
storms and snows of winter. This course of the
Administration in regard to the Army may in-
volve us in an expensive war. Therefore, sir,
while we are willing to supply the immediate
wants of the Government, 1 think we, on this side
of the Chamber, have a right to ask that we shall
not adopt a policy increasing the public debt; that
we shall provide means by the revision of the
laws, by an increase of duties that will be favor-
able to the laboring interest of this country now
depressed^-that great interest to which the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island so forcibly referred yester-
day. We have a right to ask that Congress shall
not regard the recommendation of the President
and tlie Secretary of the Treasury, but that we
shall meet the demands of the country and the
exigencies of the Treasury, and so legislate as ia■
provide ample means to meet these $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes, or any additional expenditures
which we are called upon to incur.
I know, sir, that the expenditures of the past
six months have been in accordance with the
laws of the last session. I know that the Sen-
ator from Virginia stands almost alone on his side
of the Chamber in his efforts to keep down the
expenditures of the Government. I will bear that
testimonyto him hero or elsewhere. But we have
been increasing the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. We increased them nearly eighteen million
dollars annually during the last Administration
over the preceding one. Now, I think, we are in
a fair way of having the expenditures of this Ad-
ministration exceed those of the last by fifteen or
twenty millionsannually. Wo shall, if wo adopt
the recommendations of tho executive depart-
ment, and pay the claims pressed on us. With
these recommendations, with the necessities of
the Treasury for immediate relief, with the claims
that will be pressed upon us, I think we have a
right to ask, I think the country has a right to
ask, that, before we give all that is demanded, we
shall take some measures to provide the money
for the support of the Government, to pay its
current expenses, and to meet all the legitimate
demands on it. In making these suggestions, I
do not think the Senator from Virginia, or any
other Senator on that side of the Chamber, can
complain of us, or say that we are disposed to be
either captious or factious on the measure now
pending.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I do not
wish to enter into any debate upon the general
financial condition of the country. I suppose that
this is not the time for so doing. The exigencies
of the Treasury are represented to us as being so
imperative, that the executive officers of the Gov-
ernmentrequircimmediate rcliefin order "to enable
them to sustain the credit of the Government by
the payment of its debts incurred under appro-
priations made by us, not by them. The prop-
osition now is to sustain the credit of the Govern-
ment.
Upon some other occasion I think we may more
appropriately enter into the cause of the finan-
cial distress, and into the question of the proper
mode of providing a regular and established rev-
enue for the Government. I propose to say a
few words upon a single point. It has been sug-
gested here by several Senators that the Mint
fund, which has already been encroached upon
for the daily needs of the Government, may con-
tinue to be so appropriated, and that it is not re-
quired for the business of the country. _ That
impression I wish to dissipate, so far as it may
be in my power to do so; and first, in relation to
the law. I will satisfy the Senator from Maine,
who made an inquiry on that subjact, what the
present exact state of the law is. He is right in
stating that, upon one occasion, there was an ex-
press appropriation made for a bullion fund of
$1,000,000. That, however, was found to be
entirely inadequate, and, in the year 1850, a law
was passed with a single section, which I will
now read to him:
That for the purpose of enabling the Mint and branch
mints of the United States to njpke 'e'arns1to,?f.pf°s''°h"
with as hale delay as possible, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, when the State ot the
i Treasury shall admit thereof, to direct transfers to be made
! from tune 10 time, to the Mint and branch mints, of such
I sums of public money ns he shall judge convenient and
I necessarv, out of which those who brim; bullion to the
! mints m.iy be paid the value thereot as .soon as practicable
I after Ellis value ascertained."
I Under this authority vested in the President
i in the year 1850, soon after heavy imports of
' gold began to conic into the Atlantic States from
California, sums of money have been from time-
