1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
■which the several resolutions were adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF REVISION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas, the existing taiiffhas been found inadequate to
supply the Government with icvenue, mid lias pioved it eli
a souice of embarrassment to th*3 trade, and interests of the
couimy: Theiefore,
jBe it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instiucted to inquire into the cxpedicncy of lepoiung a
bill revising the pri^ent tariff", abolishing foreign valuation,
and substituting specific dunes, and home valuation, wheie
necessary, to letam ad valorem duties, and so augmenting
the duties on articles commsmto competition with domes-
tic manufactures and products a* to afford mcieasecl pro-
tection to American industry and labor.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, moved to sus-
pend the rules, and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs wore ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—there being, on
a division—ayes 81, noes 96.
The question was taken on Mr. Morris's mo-
tion; and it was dccidcd in the negative—yeas 8(j,
imys 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews. TJennett,
IhllmshurM, Bingham, ftht-s, Butfnuon, Curhngamo, Case,
Chalice, Ezaa Clark, Claw>on, John Cochrane, (Colfax,
Couuns, Coi iinig, Grain n, Cm t a. Dauncll, Davi-s of Mary-
land, Davisof\"\la^aelni>etts Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
liodd, Durlce, Eu^tis, Fcnton, Fo-tcr, Oilman, Gilmer.
'Gooch, Goodwin. Grander, Grow, Itoln'it H fiaff, fioaul, !
Iloiton, IJowaid, Iieiloug, Ke!?c\, Kilsore, Knapp, Lenh,
Loiter, Humphrey Mai.Nh.ill, Mattesou, Ma> mud. A5oig.ui,
Moi nil, Ktiw aid Jo\ Morii'-, Oltvi r A. Mott, Olin,
Palmer, Paikei, Po* it, Pike, Pottei, Pottle.Heads. HitHne,
Kobbms. Rofoeitf. Rojcc, John tfheiinan, Judson W. Slun-
man, Sickle.*, Spinner, Stanton, Wniiam .Stewart, Tap-
pan. Thayci, Thompson, Tompkins, Uadeiwoori, VVad<',
W.ilbt idge, Cadwalader C Wa-hbtne, Ell'hu 1  Wa-h-
bnrne. I>raoi Washburn, White, Wilson, Wood, and Zol-
Iicoifer—
N iYS Andei«on, Arnold, Atkms, Avery,
Bci:k-dal'\ IJJair, Bocoek, P.owie, DiancSi, ihxan, Burn^,
Casdue, Chapman, John J}. Chsk, Clay, Clemen*., Conn,
CockeriU. Cov, James Craig, Duiton Ciaige, CicuU^id,
Currv. Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mij^fpippi,
Dowdell, Edmund* on, Elliott, Engludi, Farn<worth, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gainell, Good*-, Giet u-
wood, Grfg^, Groe-beek. Lawrence \V. ilall, Thomas L.
Hams, Hawkins, Hill. Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, llu\-'
ler, Jack-on, Jenkins. Jeweu, George W. Jone.s J. Glanev
Jones, Owen Jone&, Kent, Kt-Uy. Jaer>i> M. Kunkol, Law-
rence. l.etohci, Lnve;o\\ Machn, McKibbm, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall. Ma-on, Miles, Millei, Mill>on, Mooie,
Isaac N. Moni>. N'iblaek, Pendleton, Pevion, Phelps. Phil-
lip.-, Powell, tiuitm in. ltcagan, Iluthn, Ilu-^ell, Sandals,
Scales, Scott. Aatou Shaw. Henry M. Shaw. Shorter, Sui-
gjetsm, Roheit Snmli, Samuel A. SinUh, William Smith, 1
St<tl!woi Ih, Stephens, Steven- o:i, James A. Stcwai t. Tal-
bot, Gcor<re Tajloi, Miles Taylor, Watknih, Whittle}, and
Wire-low—101.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the call,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that on
this question he had paired oif with Mr. Camp-
bell, of Ohio. He would have voted against the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I find on mvdesk a Calendar, announ-
cing- the order of buMnes,s on the Speaker's table.
I desire to know if it is in order to supeisede that :
Calendar by independent motions of gentlemen all
over the Hail'
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then the Calendar
might as well not be printed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF THE ARTS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I present
to the IIouso a memorial, signed by a large num-
ber of the artists of the United States, who pray
for the encouragement of the arts by Congress,
and especially pointing out the embellishment of
our costly national edifices as affording a fair op-
portunity for the gratification ot their wishes in
this particular. Approving, as I do, of their view,
1 offer the following resolution for adoption by
the House:
Raolred/ThnX the memorial of artist1-of the United States
be. and the same h, hereby lefened to a select eommutee
of five, to be appointed bv tin: Speakei. with injunctions
to ippoi t on the expediency of gi an ting the pel it ion of tiie
ineinonaU^ts. and with power io upoitby bill ui utheiwi-c.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 18, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. William Pinckney, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, (No. 3,) for paying; the compensation
of the stenographers employed by the committees
of the House or" Representatives: and it was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a petition of business
men of the northwestern lakes, piaying that an
appropriation may be made for the purpose of
ascertaining whether Professor Ballot's rule, by
winch the approach of storms may be foretold, is
applicable to the lakes; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of ;
J. H. Langly and others, citizens of Illinois, pray- j
nig for the recognition of their preemption claims j
to lands in the late military reservation on Rock ;
Island, Illinois; which was referred to the Com- 1
mittee on Public Lauds.
Mr. PCARCE presented the memorial of Mi-
chael Nourse, praying compensation for ce'-tmn
services rendered by the direction of the Fust
Comptroller of the Treasury; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Hiram
McCullough, praying to be released from his
suretyship on the contract of S. A. West andG.
McCullough, for the delivery of stone at t he Gos-
port navy-yard; vhith was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citizcns
of Newark, praying that the public lands maybe
laid out m farms or lots for the free and exclusive
use of octual settleis; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented certain testimony in
relation to the contested election ot Senators from
Indiana; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the ■
petition of John Wightman, submitted an adverse '
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Oiiicc and Post Roads, to whom were referred the
joint resolution (S. No. 36) explanatoiy of an 1
actentitled " An act for the relief of Georie Chor-
peunins:, jr.," approved March 3, 1^57, the peti-
tion of George Chorpenning, and the. presentment
of the grand juryof the United State.-; for the
northern district of Florida relative to the erec-
tion of a court-house for that district, a^ked to be
discharged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Michigan,
relative to the construction of certain wnjon roads
in that State, and the papers relating to the adop-
tion of Oliver Evan Wood's plan for the delivery
of letters in California, and in Oregon and Wash-
ington Temtones, asked to be dis^har^ed fiom
their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee an In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
the children of Stephen ivrebs, asked that the com-
mittee be discharged from nsfiuther con&idera-
tio n.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Madison Sweeper,
reported a bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of Mad-
ison Sweeper; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The memorial
of Taliaferro P.Shaffner, praying for an amend-
ment to the act of Congress of March 3, 1857,
" to expedite telegraphic communications for the
uses of the Government in its foreign intercourse,"
so that the subsidy granted by that act shall be
general m its application to all oceanic telegraphs,
has been referred to the Committee on Printing,
and they report in favor of printing the memorial
without the map. The cost will be seventy dol-
lars. The committee believe that we cannot have
too much information -before us on this subject,
and upon investigation we are satisfied there is
much important information in the memorial. I
ask that an order to print it be granted, and th?t
the memorial be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
It was so ordered.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That Cjrus II. MeConmck. have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
i by Mr. Ai.lex, its Clerk, announced that the
I House of Repiesentativcs had passed the bill of
| the Senate (No. 314) for the prosecution and pun-
! ishment of frauds in land titles in California, with-
! out amendment; and had passed the bill of the
I Senate (No. 312) to provide for the collection and
I safe-keeping of public archives in the State of Cal-
| ifouua, witn an amendment.
i POST ROUTES IN. MINNESOTA,
i Mi. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lurion.; which was considered by unanimous con-
i1 sent, and agreed to:
!' Ilcsoh C'm That the Co nmUtce on the Po?t Office and Poet
■ i Roads b-\ arid thev are heiehv, in^tiuetod to inquire into the
i, c1 pedionoy ot e-^'ibh.-.hirig mail ionte< trorn Clear Lake, by
- Cleat Waier ami F.ur If.iven, io Forie.-t Cny, m the State of
: Minnesota; fioni Fainlmuh, Rice county, via Stvuresay,
ami Jo-eo, to Mankato. in Blue Earth countj, m the State
! of Minnesota; hom Owalonna, via (,'Ieai Lake ami Jo->co, to
' M.ieknto. ami fiom An-iin. \ m Geneva, Burhn, Oti^-co, Wil-
, ton. ami Jo.-eo, to St. Petei, in the State ot*Minnesota ; from
! lied \Vni2, via Saeianvnitn, YVananurijo,arid KieeLake, to
1 Ow,norma, m the rfra'" ot* Minnesota ; fiom <.'.union V Falls,
! via WaMeilo. 11 add, Wanannnso Chen v (J'ove, and Oon-
; cord, to Maiitotvilie. m the state ol Mnme-ota.
|; AGGRESSIONS ON AMERICAN CITIZENS,
j Mr. GWIN asked, ond by unanimous consent
.' obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution ( S.
!, No. 42) foi the adjustment of difficulties with the
Republics of New Gi anada, Cential America, and
i Mexico; which was read twice by its title.
] Mr. GWJN. Mr. President, I have adopted,
as near as the nature of the subject I wish to have
■ referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations
, would permit, the very words of the joint reso-
i lution which passed -the Senate a few days ago,
1 having reference to our difficulties with Paraguay,
i in order that no new question would have to b«
considered by the committee in acting upon it.
it cannot be denied that we have been trifled with
by the Governments of New Granada and Nica-
ragua. Th« treaties made by then-Ministers there
have been, in one instance, so altered as to be
almost an insult to this Government; and in the
' other, so delayed as to place it out of the power
1! of the President, even if it is ratified, to lay it be-
fore the St nate before we adjourn. In both of
| these States, and especially the foimer, our citi-
; zens have been murdered and plundered, and wc
have had no redress. 1 include the other Central
1 American States, because 1 have no doubt, if the
President is authorized to demand reparation from
1 those States, many cases will present themselves
where our citizens have been grossly outraged.
Such instances in Mexico are too numerous to
require any notice of them in detail.
Sir, wc are becoming a by-word with the whole
civilized workl for the neglect of our citizens m
foieigti States. No vrondei Great Britain thinks
she can, with impunity, search our vessels in the
' Gulf of Mexico; we never resent anything. While
'' that gulf is swarming with British cruisers, we
have afloat but one vessel, I learn—the hulton;
formerly, I believe, a ferry-boat, turned into an
■ indifferent ship-of-war. I want the responsibility
, brought directly home to some one branch of the
'! Government to settle thes* difficulties, which m
n the cause of my olfenng this resolution. I move
