1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT,
and in fall force, anthorized(by the Constitution
of the United Suites, and in accordance with the
plain letter of that instrument. The Constitution
authorizes Congress to raise an army,^ and to
provide all necessary rules and regulations for |
its government, and to provide for the common i
defense. That is* a plain and express grant of |
powerto Congress. Wherewordsareplain, there I
is an end to all construction. The act of 1807, >
which authorizes the President to employ the ■
Army to suppress obstruction or resistance to the j
laws of a Territory, is valid. He may, therefore,
draw from Kansas three thousand men, if needed
to reinforce Colonel Johnston, and enable him to
move and subdue ail resistance in Utah. These
three thousand men are now subject to that ser-
vice, and useless where they are; I might say they
are offensive where they are, but by reason of no
fault of theirs
Let Governor Cumming, then, take care, at
the proper time, to make requisition on the Pres-
ident for the troops, and that is all that is wanting
to give the President full authority to act during
the vacation. This bill, of course, is notintended
to go into operation until after the close of the ses-
sion. There is, therefore, nothing in the present
condition of things in Utah, nor in the present
regular force of the Army, to create a necessity for
the proposed increase of either volunteers or reg-
ulars. At all events, Mr. Speaker, with the dis-
tinguished ex<-Secretary of War, [Mr. Da-vis,] I
say of the deluded people of Utah, " I want not
their blood shed by the Government of the Uni-
ted States." Sir, t do not intend that the blood
of that people, or any other people, shall be upon
my hands, or upon the Army of my country, by
any act or vote of mine, until the necessity for it
is not only apparent, but absolutely unavoida-
ble. Let the Government of the United States act
affirmatively. The Government shoifld not oc-
cupy a mere negative position in this matter. Let
us first try peaceable means for the settlement of
this difficulty. Let us try negotiation. Let us try
the organization of a civil government. Let us
try to bring that people back to their allegiance,
not by force of arms, but by civil, peaceful, quiet,
and just means. When every peaceful measure
has been faithfully tried, and has failed, then, and
not till (hen, let us try the dread arbitrament of
the sword.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand the proclamation
of Brigham Young and the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Utah to say distinctly that no officer
shall be permitted to exercise power in that Ter-
ritory, unless an officer of their own choosing.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must say to the gentleman
from Iowa that I understand the very converse of
that. I have not had the opportunity to read the
petition of the Legislature of Utah, sent here and
presented yesterday. I do not know that the gen-
tleman has. 1 heard that petition read from the
Clerk's desk. I understand that it asks that the
Government of the United States shall appoint
good and true men over them—not mm who will
abuse and libel and slander them. Be that as it
may, so far as the proclamation of Brigham Young
is concerned, I do not know how the gentleman
knows anything officially concerning it beyond
what the President knows and states; that is, that
Young says he shall maintain his power in Utah by
force. It is not that he will maintain his power
wrongfully against the United States by force, but
merely that he will maintain his power by force;
of course, against any power wrongfully brought
against him or his people !
Mr. SAVAGE. Here are the concluding words
of the proclamation or'Brigham Young, to which
I would direct the gentleman's attention:
"Therefore, I, Bnscbam Young, Governor and Superin-
tendent of Indian Affair* Tor tho Territory of Utah, in the
name of the people of tlie United States mthe Teiritoryof
Utah, forbid,
First. Ail armed forces of every description from com-
ing into this Territory under smy pretense whatever.
" Second. That ail the forcesm said Territory hold them-
selves in readiness to march at a moment's notice to repel
any and all such invasion.
"Third. Martial law is hereby declared to e-tist in this
Territory from and after the publication of this proclama-
tion ; and no person shall be allowed to pass or repass into,
or through, or from, this Territory without a permit from
the proper officer."
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not intend to waste
much time on that document. I do not intend to
enter into a special defense ofanythingitcontains.
Suppose we treat it here ss an authentic document.
emanating from t,hismafl-who signs himself Brig-
ham Young, Governor and Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs ? What does it amount to? That
lie will resist any armed invasion. He is out in
the wilderness, three thousand miles from the
capital of the country. He is advised that an
armed invasion is being made into his Territory.
Ho has no evidence that the United States Gov-
ernment sanctions that invasion, or even knows
anything of it. If Young is guilty of treason, first
indict him for it, and try to arrest him and bring
him to trial and judgment by the ordinary process
of the law. Until you at least try to do this, you
have no right to make his treason the pretext for
the indiscriminate murder of his people. 1 put it
to the gallant gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Savage] whether upon a showing of this sort he
is willing to send an army of invasion into that
Territory not only for the purpose of destroying
Brigham Young, but of putting women and chil-
dren to the sword? That is the point which is
| involved here. It is not whether Young has acted
1 wrong in issuing a document of that sort; but is
there any evidence of tho ttecessi.'y of an increase
of the Army, and the proposed invasion of that
Territory? I have searched for that evidence, tuit
I have searched in vain. I have challenged the
production of that evidence from the other side,
but I have challenged its production in vain; and
until the evidence of that necessity clearly appears
I shall notrecord my voteforthis measure of blood
and murder, so help me God!
One word more and I have done with this mat-
ter. If it were perfectly apparent that the pro-
posed increase of the Army of the United States
was necessary, as provided in this bill, while the
bill authorized the President of the United States
to control that force, I could not and would not
vote it. I say that it is a humiliating confes-
sion to make, but I make it because il is my felt
conviction that the President of the United States
has already proved himself wholly unfit for the
trust; and to-day let me say that, in my judgment,
the House would be more in the line of its duty to
prefer articles of impeachment against the Presi-
dent of the United States for high crimes and mis-
demeanors than to vote for four or five additional
regiments to he put under his control and author-
ity. That necessity, as I have shown, does not
exist; but if it did I could not and would not vote
for this bill because it allows the President to
control the new force, and I believe him unworthy
of that trust.
I am not alone in this opinion, that tho Presi-
dent should not be intrusted with this additional
force, or with any additional force. This measure
has been before another body in the other end
of tiie Capitol—a majority of whom profess to bo
of (he party of the President—and vet, strange
to say, that body has rejected both these propo-
sitions of an increase of the Army, either by vol-
unteers or by regulars. It' his professed political
friends refuse to intrust this additional power to
the President, I think those of us who never pro-
fessed, much less felt, over-confidence in the Pres-
ident, may be pardoned if we hesitate and doubt
his fitness or fidelity. Mr. Speaker, 1 would not
wantonly speak harshly of the X^resident, but a
sense of duty constrains me to sny that, in my
judgment, the President has proved himself unfit
for the trust proposed to be confided to him by
this bill. He has grossly abused and betrayed the
power conferred upon him by tne existing statute
which authorizes the employment of the Army
for the suppression of obstructions to the laws of
the United States, or of any State or Territory.
! Under color of that statute, sir, he has sent three
thousand of your Army into Kansas and its im-
mediate vicinity to coerce its freemen into obe-
dience to enactments which they never framed or
authorized, which Congress never sanctioned,
and which have no-sanction but that of the usurp-
ers and marauders who invaded and defiled that
Territory.
As a pretext for this act of oppression, for this
gross breach of trust, the President, in his special
message of the 2d of last month, says, that ever
since the period of his inauguration " a large por-
tion of the people of Kansas have been m rebel-
lion against the Government;" and that they
"would have long since subverted the govern-
ment established by Congress, had it not been
protected from their assaults by the troops of the
United Stales—that they haro constantly re-
nounced and defied the Government to which
they owe allegiance, and have at all times been
endeavoring to subvert it, and to establish a [ev-
olutionary government under the so-called Tope lea
constitution." I aver, sir, that this charge of tho
President against the people of Kansas, that they
have been in rebellion against the territorial gov-
ernment established by Congress, ever since the 4tU
of March, 1857, or at any time, is a calumny—
that it is put forth by the President as a pretext
for the military despotism which ho has wrong-
fully established over them, in violation of his 
duty, of their rights, and of the laws of the coun-
try. Against the President's assertion that there
is or has been rebellion in Kansas, I interpose, and
hold up to the House and the country his solemn
declaration in his annual message, of the 8th of
last December, in which he says that the rebel-
lion in Utah is " the first rebellion which has ex-
isted in our Territories."
Both of these assertions of the President can-
not be true. If there has been rebellion in Kan-
sas ever since the President's inauguration — if
that people have been "all the time" since then in
resistance to the laws and authority of thcGovcrn-
ment of the United States, it cannot bo that the
rebellion in Utah is the first rebellion which hag
existed in our Territories. If this statement con-
cerning the rebellion in Utah be title, the charge
of rebellion in Kansas is fajse; and is, therefore,
what I aver it to be, a calumny upon that injured
people, and ashameless pretext for the President's
invasion of their rights and betrayal of his duty.
Mr. BRYAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
few words in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Dikgiiam.] Prom what I had learned from
the friends of volunteers, and from the friends of
an increase of the regular force, I supposed that
no objection was raised to the first section of the
bill, providing for a regiment for the protection
of Texas. The gentleman from Ohio has called
for information, and I will give him information
in regard to the necessity of that provision which
may perhaps enlighten others*as well as himself.
The gentleman litis taken as evidence for the
formation of his opinion, the memorial of the peo-
ple of Utah which was read yesterday—a people
whom the Executive of this country has thought
it necessary to send a force to subdue. If, sir,
he gives credence to that memorial, he will surely
give credence to a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of a State at peace with this country. At
an early day of the session, the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Texas were presented, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Those resolutions stated that it was necessary
that this additional regiment should be raised.
In addition to that, we have the requestof Gen-
eral Twiggs that an additional force, should bs
raised for the protection of the frontiers of Texas.
In addition to that, the delegation from Texas have
letters from the Executive of that State, and from
their respective constituencies, stating that the In-
dians all along our borders are capturing and kilt-
ing the inhabitants. If, sir, the gentleman from
Ohio*[Mr. Bixgham] wishes information, I will
refer him to those sources which will not fail to
enlighten him upon tho subject. Twenty-eight
persons have been killed and captured upon tho
frontiers of Texas; and one woman and two chit-
j dren have been carried into captivity. Men have
| been killed in their fields, on the highways,and on
| the prairies. Blood has freely flowed along our
i borders; and when the government of Texas ha3
j requested the commanding General of that de-
| partment to protect the frontiers, he tells us he is
' powerless. And a few days since the Secretary
, of War informed me that the whole military force
, of Texas would be ordered to Utah. If the gen-
i tleman takes that Department for authority for his
| representations in one instance, he will take the
' authority of that Department in the report it has
! made to the delegation from that State. Then,
| when that is done, (tho removal of the troops,)
j our frontiers will be destitute of soldiers, and the
! tuckapoos, the. Witchitas, and Camancbes, will
; cross the whole length of our borders. If they
| make repeated incursions into our State in the face
1 of over two thousand troops, the moment they
j know that the soldiers are removed they will
I make a rush upon the defenseless inhabitants,
j and desolate our borders.
I We ask for this force, again, because we believe
it is the most efficient force for the protection of
