m
THU' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
to time transferred to the different mints, branch
mints, and assay offices of the country, and the
practical operation of the Treasury has demon-
strated the necessity of a fund of about six mil-
ion dollars for that purpose. Anything short
of that creates distress and confusion. I desire
to refer a little to the experience of the last six
months on this subject of a bullion fund for
branch mints. I will refer to the experience
which we have had in my own State, and will
relate to gentlemen what 'occurred there during
the recent panic, on this subject of a bullion fund.
In the spring of last year, for the first time in
. the history of our Government, we deviated from
a principle established at the very first Congress
thateverassembled. We repealed all lawsauthar-
izing foreign gold and silver to be received at
their values as a legal tender. Up to that period,
foreign coin of gold and of silver was received at
the different custom-houses of the United States at
fixed rates, and was also received as a legal tender
between man and man, under the acts of Con-
gress, in payment of debts. Our Treasury was
so full last spring, the bullion fund was so ample,
that it was deemed by the Committee on Finance
that they might, without imprudence, report a
bill repealing all former laws on that subject, and
making foreign coin in this country mere bullion
—bullion winch it was requisite to carry to the
Mint, and have recoined into our currency in order
to render it useful or serviceable in the business
of the country.
I believe, sir, all writers on finance agree in
relation to the exceeding importance of silver as
a basis of national currency; and, indeed, lip to
a very recent period, several of the most import-
ant nations of the world had silver as the only
legal tender, convinced as their Governments were
of the absolute necessity of that metal as a basis
of the currency. Its qualities are obvious. Its
value is always about the same. Its bulk, some-
what larger than that of gold, enables that sub-
division to be carried out which brings this silver
coin into the pockets of the lower classes, spreads
this currency throughout the entire country,and
creates and sustains a metallic basis which is of
itself a considerable check on the over inflation
and over circulation of paper money by the banks.
In the year 1853, our silver coin was depreciated—
deliberately depreciated, and, in my judgment,
wisely depreciated—just to a sufficient extent to
make it more for the interest of those who held
our silver coin to retain it in the country than to
export it. It became a losing operation to export
it. It remained in the country, and it has grad-
ually incieiised,ai)d now forms an important ele-
ment in the metallic basis upon which our banks
operate. It would be the part of wise legislation
to encourage the increase of that metallic basis in
the country.
Now, whence do we derive our supplies of bul-
lion ? The gold bullion from California, almost
exclusively, and the silver bullion from Mexico.
When in October and November last this finan-
cial crisis occurred, efforts were made in all parts
of the country, by those who had control of our
monetary institutions, to introduce into the coun-
try a sufficient quantity of metal to form a basis
for the bank circulation, and to put our mone-
tary institutions beyond the reach of a panic.
The managers of the banks in New Orleans, in
pursuance of this wise and judicious system, |
endeavored to provide and fortify themselves by
the importation of heavy sums of money from
Mexico and from Cuba, these being the nearest
points from which we could receive any metal.
We received millions of dollars in silver from
Mexico; we received millions of dollars in doub-
loons from Cuba; and we received them in the
best possible manner for the public interests
—we received them in exchange for produce.
The Mexicans sent their silver dollars, and the
Spaniards sent their gold doubloons to New Or-
leans for the purchase'of cotton and flour at the
specie rates then prevalent. We had plenty of
bul'jon therefore in the city; but what was the
condition of the banks ? In a moment of panic,
exposed at every instant to a run on them for
the redemption of their deposits and circulation,
with millions of dollars of bullion in the city, it
was impossible for the banks to afford the slight-
v'i n-t0 c°ramcr<'ial community, because
that bullion was not a legal tender and there was
no bullion fund m the Mint.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why could not the State
iss a law making it a legal tender ?
Mr. BENJAMiN. Pass a law of our State
(and at a time when the Legislature was not in
session) in contravention of the act of Congress
of the last session! The gentleman's suggestion
takes me by surprise. I have not examined into
the power of the States to make foreign coin a
legal tender. It may be that the States have that
right; but at all events, no State, I think, has yet
exercised it. That matter has been left to the
exclusive legislation of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The suggestion I meant
to make was this: The Constitution of the United
States provides that " no State shall make any-
thing but gold and silver a legal tender in payment
of debts;" but it does not specify what kind of
gold and silver.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have not examined that
question, and it does not now come into the line
of argument. I do not know that there was a
Legislature of a solitary State in session in Octo-
ber. It was not supposed, at the time, that it
was possible to obviate this state of things at
the moment. But I was going on to explain the
necessity of a bullion fund in the Mint, under the
legislation of Congress.
At that time, with this large quantity of bullion
in our city, our banks were compelled to distress
the commercial community by constant contrac-
tion. They were compelled to refuse the deposits
of all Mexican dollars, worth $1 04 or $1 05, be-
cause they were not a legal tender. They knew
that people would be willing to take them at a
dollar, but they could not get them unless they
bought them at #1 04 or $i 05. The Mint was
paying $1 06 for them whenever there was a fund
with which to do so," but there was then no fund
in the Mint to buy them. The Mint was being
repaired; we could not get this foreign bullion
coined; and there, with millions of dollars in the
hands of our people, and deposited in the vaults
of the banks in special deposits, in boxes, the
banks were compelled to press on the commercial
community by a merciless contraction of their
facilities, m order to save themselves from the
penalties of the law, the Treasury of the United
States being unable to give us any assistance by
furnishing us the coin of the Federal Government
in exchange for foreign coin, which had been
converted, by your law of the last session, into
bullion, and was no longer serviceable in the
affairs of commerce. W e applied again and again;
I myself sent repeated telegraphic dispatches to
the Secretary of the Treasury. Ho was very
anxious to assist us. It was his duty to do so;
it was his interest, and the interest of the Gov-
ernment to do so; but the Treasury had no means.
The bullion fund had been appropriated to the
general service of the Government. The Pres-
ident of the United States had been authorized
to appropriate so much of it as the other neces-
sities of the Treasury would admit, and only so
much, to the service of the Mint. The result was
that, for want of a proper Mint fund, all this bul-
lion was there -unserviceable for the demands
of commerce at the moment when the greatest
necessity existed for its application to these pur-
poses.
Now, gentlemen say they are willing to allow
an issue of Treasury notes at this time, when we
are informed by the Department that they will be
immediately absorbed by the necessities of the
Treasury, and that it will have to come back next
month for $10,000,000 more. The result will be
that we shall be just where we are now: that the
assay office in New York, the Mint in Philadel-
phia, the branch mint in New Orleans, will be
unable to supply to the merchants of the country
on the deposit of bullion, that current coin which
is required to relieve them from their necessities.
Under these circumstances, I can see no warrant
for our declining to make an issue which we know
will be wanted in a few days further. I see no
propriety in refusing to the Government this aid,
so as to allow it to furnish to the mints of the
country the sum necessary for the redemption of
bullion as it is deposited. The other day we had
$2,500,000 of gold dust from San Francisco, sent
to the assay office in New York. They have
no means to buy it. Men send remittances of
what we most desire for the relief of commercial
distress—gold and silver; but by reason of the
needs of the Treasury, they are kept out of public
circulation, and the merchants of the country are
to suffer for the want of it.
Sir, if we know that this money will be wanted;
if, according to every argument that we have heard
on this side of the Chamber, it is satisfactorily es-
tablished that the Secretary of theTreasury,sofar
from having overestimated the wants of the Treas-
ury, has underrated them, what motive can we
have for going through this legislation and this
discussion twice? If $20,000,000 must be wanted
within the next thirty or forty days, why not vote
them now? Why keep the commercial commu-
nity in distress, by withholding that Mint fund
which is essential for their convenience, and to re-
lieve the pressure of the necessities which are now
Weighing them down ? I do hope, as it is admit-
ted on all sides that the entire sum will be wanted,
that it will be voted now, and that the bullion fund
will be kept separate for the service to which it
was intended to be appropriated. I know that,
at my own home, that fund is wanted; we have
never had enough there. We have never been
able to buy the Mexican dollars as fast as they
came in; we have never been able to buy the Span-
ish doubloons as fast as they came in; but our
merchants have been compelled to wait weeks,
and sometimes months, for the return of their
coin from deposits of bullion in the public mints.
The money is required there; I am satisfied it is
required in New York; and I trust the Senate
will agree to provide the means which the public
interests demonstrate are so urgently necessary
to be now provided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have but a single sug-
gestion to make. I made an inquiry of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance in
order to get the facts before the Senate, that it
might be distinctly understood whether this Mint
fund was required at the present time,and to what
extent it was required. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana has given us a statement, from
which it is very easy to see that, it may be con-
venient for the several communities where the
Mint and branch mints are established that there
should be a sum of money on hand, not for the
purposes of the Government, but for the purpose
of aiding the commercial community in obtaining
specie. That may be a very good consideration
to address to gentlemen who hold certain notions
in regard to the powers and duties of the Govern-
ment in relation to the currency; but it is hardly
one that can be consistently urged by those who
call for this bill.
I do not understand that it is urged by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that there
must be a certain amount of money—f6,000,000—■
kept on hand for the purposes of the Mint, to ac-
complish the object which has been dwelt upon
by my honorable friend from Louisiana. If the
Government is now applying to us to authorize it'
to issue a certain amount of Treasury notes for
the purpose of aiding and relieving the different
commercial centers, the large commercial places,
that is one thing, and we shall understand the
argument. It does not meet the objection which
has been suggested on this side of the Chamber
at all, and it does not show that, for the purpose
of the operations of the Mint, it is absolutely
necessary that this Government should become a
borrower of money, or put out its notes to such
an amount as this.
I do not say that under no circumstances would
I consent that the Government should aid, so far
as it consistently could, the distresses which exist
in the general commercial community of the coun-
try; but that is not the ground on which this prop-
osition is brought before the Senate. The hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana explains to us that
when the Government withdraws its surplus, or
a large portion of its surplus, from the several
branch mints of the United States, it by that
means takes away from itself the power of reliev-
ing the community by purchasing bullion under
certain circumstances. If the object be to pro-
vide for that, the question arises whether the Sen-
ate is prepared to adopt that as aprinciple; whether
it will permit the Government to issue a large
amount of Treasury notes for the purpose of get-
ting coin to aid the operations of the Mint—not
the operations proper of the Mint—but the oper-
ations of the Mint in purchasing bullion to relieve
the commercial community of distress brought
on it under a certain state of things. That is pre-
senting the question in altogether a new aspects
