1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and I should like to know of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance if that be the
aspect in which he presents this measure to the
Senate ?
Mr. HUNTER. The aspect in which that
question presents itself to us, X think, is a very
simple one. It is the exclusive business of this
Government to coin money; and, in orderthat it
may carry on that business to the greatest ad-
vantage to the public, it ought to be enabled to
coin it rapidly. If it has not the necessary ma-
chinery to com money as rapidly as the wants of
tile community require, the next best thing it can
do is to keep on hand an amount of coin to ex-
change with the depositor, so as to save him from
the loss of interest which would accrue if he
had to await the tedious operation of coining the
money. It is well known that since the discovery
of California gold, our mints have not been ade-
quate to the coinage of the money that has been
demanded of them, with sufficient rapidity for
the wants of the community. It is the business
of this Government to furnish coin to the com-
munity as rapidly as its wants demand, if it can
do so. The object of the Mint fund, as I under-
stand it, is not for the relief of this or that class;
but it is for the purpose of discharging a duty
which the Constitution has devolved on this Gov-
ernment, and which no one but this Government
can discharge—and that is to coin money with
sufficient rapidity to meet the demands of the
country for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatisthe idea which I
had, when the proposition was presented to have
on hand a certain amountof money—$6,000,000—
in the Mint; but the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana puts it on entirely differentground. Now,
I revert to my original proposition when I put
the question this morning to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that there is no law which
requires more than a single million dollars to be
kept in the Mint. Under the powers conferred
on the President in 1850, as read to us this morn-
ing, he may keep a certain other amount at the
Mint for that purpose; but I do not know of any
law requiring it to be done.
What I desired to have explained was simply
this: how does it become necessary that at all
times, under all circumstances, the large amount
of |6,000,000 should be kept at the Mint? In times
of distress, and great scarcity of money, espe-
cially when the Government is hard pushed, is it
compelled, in order to meet the demands of the
country for a circulating medium, to keep the
whole $6,000,000 there? Is it not rather the
design of this bill, that instead of $6,000,000 sur-
plus, there shall be ten or eleven million dollars
surplus for the purposes of the Treasury itself?
If that amount is necessary, if a surplus of
$6,000,000 is not large enough for the operations
of the Government, and if the honorable chair-
man will make that evident to my mind, I shall
withdraw my objection; because I am free to say
that, in the exigency presented, I am forgiving the
Governmentpowerto move,to pay the requisitions
on it. If $6,000,000surplusisnotlargeenough,I
am willing to grant power to raise a surplus that
is large enough to meet the necessary expend-
itures at the present time, in advance of any ar-
rangements which may be made by law to raise
revenue enough to meet the ordinary demands of
the Government with relation to its expenditures.
But I wish it to be put on a proper basis in order
that Senators may understand that this really
provides a larger surplus than is required. In-
stead of so large an amount being necessary for
mint purposes, I believe that surplus can be dis-
pensed with without any great injury to the pub-
lic service, for a short period of time.
Mr. SEWARD. I should not think it neces-
sary to say a word more in this debate if it were
not to correct an impression which may be made
by some of the remarks made yesterday by the
honorable and venerable Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Simmons.] He seemed to labor
under the idea that I had advanced the proposi-
tion that the commercial revulsion through which
we are passing is causeless. The honorable Sen-
ator quite misunderstood me. What I said, or
what 1 intended to say, was that the suspension
of specie payments was, in my belief and accord-
ing to the general conviction of this country and
of Europe, not necessary, and might have been
avoided. The honorable Senator, in the course of
his very able and interesting speech, finally arrived
at the same conclusion with myself in this respect,
because he maintained that the suspension of
specie payments resulted from a rivalry between
the banks of the city of New York and banks cif
the city of Boston to see which could hold out the
longest. I think this is true. In that rivalry they
attempted to press the depositors, who were the
owners of their capital, and the depositors in re-
taliation drew out their deposits, and that broke
the banks.
Now, that there was a cause, and a sufficient
cause, for a commercial revulsion, I have always
known, and always said. I do not consider the
causes for it altogether the same with those to
which the honorable Senator alluded, though I
agree with him in part, and indeed to a very con-
siderable extent. I think that the opening of
California and the Pacific coast to cultivation so
rapidly, the establishing of mining operations,
commercial operations, and agricultural oper-
ations there, together with the opening of the
great mediterranean country lying between us
and the Rocky Mountains, tended to cause a rapid
and sudden diversion of capital from the eastern,
to the western portions of the continent; and that
the policy of constructing railroads, fostered and
stimulated by the laws of the States, which re-
lieved them from the penalties of usury, caused
a diversion of capital from the centers of manu-
factures and commerce to the great western re-
gions, where those roads were being constructed;
and that all this was accompanied by an existing
unreasonable preference for the manufactures of
other countries to the manufactures of our own,
producing excessive importations; and that the
excessive importations thus incurred here, were
causesenough to produce a commercial revulsion,
which I am sure did not take me by surprise.
My only wonder was that it took anybody by
surprise. That it came, was only what ought to
have been anticipated. When it should come, it
was also foreseen that it would be modified by
the very extraordinary circumstances of the de-
velopment of the mineral wealth of California and
the mineral wealth of Australia, justat the proper
moment to supply such an excessive mass of bul-
lion as the world had never before seen, contributed
to sustain the commercial currency of the world.
It came, and it was modified by these causes.
This is my explanation, in reply to the honorable
Senator, on that point.
I wish now barely to state the position I take
in regard to this bill. I see nothing extraordinary,
I see nothing peculiar, I see nothing singular m
the condition to which the Government is brought
to need this measure of relief—the issuing of some
amountof Treasury notes. There is no secrecy
iji it. there is no mystery about it. What is it?
The farmer produced last year more than he has
produced in agreat many years before. The agri-
culture of the country has contributed more to its
wealth than in any previous year; but the prod-
ucts of the farmer, although thus increased and
accumulated, remain in his barn, in his granaries,
for the want of purchasers; so that the agricul-
turist is unable to pay his debts, and he gives a
note where he was to pay the cash, and if you
consider him to have a treasury he begins with
giving a treasury note as a matter of temporary
relief. The farmer failing to bring his produce to
the merchant, the merchant is unable to pay the
bank the discounts he has heretofore obtained;
and to obtain new discounts in order to carry on
exchanges, the merchant gives the bank his note
out of his treasury. He gives a treasury note.
Finding that the merchants fail to pay their debts
in cash, but pay them in treasury notes, the banks,
instead of being able to pay in cash resort to the
same measure temporarily and pay in their treas-
ury notes. The operation went on up to the State
governments. The State of New York, which is
certainly a very independent and strong and rich
one—one of the richest communities in the world,
and one of the best administered governments in
the world—suspended, but gave its promise to
pay in thirty, sixty, or ninety days, until this
derangement should cease. We come to Wash-
ington, and we find that not only the agriculturist,
the manufacturer, the merchant, the banks, and
the States have suspended, but the Federal Gov-
ernment, richer than them all, richer than any
other Government on earth, scarcely owing a
, dollar except what is necessary to pay itsaverags
daily expenses, is without funds, and it alsoprir-'
poses to pay temporarily in Treasury notes.
That is the long and short of the whole case.
This condition of things is inevitable. What
struck me with surprise, when I came here, was
that the Administration, instead of admitting this
to be a mere temporary derangement—a derange-
ment resulting in the way I have described—an
accidental one—took occasion to lecture us and-
the country on the demoralization of the banks,- as"
if the banks were to blame, exclusively or chiefly,!
for the universal derangement, and threatened to
denounce bankrupt laws, for the purpose of wind-
ing up banks for issuing treasury notes, at the '
very same moment that they come to Congress
and ask us to enable the Administration to commit'
the same crime against the commercial morals of
the country. Still I did not think this was an occa-
sion on which it was necessary to reply to these
suggestions, because I considered this a mere
practical question. The Government must pay
its debts. If it has not the money to-day, it must
borrow money until to-morrow. Then there are
two questions,1iow shall it borrow and how much
shall it borrow? We all agree that it is to borrow
in that way which will meet the occasion- and
leave no evil consequences beyond it; that is, to
make these Treasury notes for just the amount'
which is necessary, if we can ascertain itj and
payable at the shortest possible day and not again
be reissued. The issue of Treasury notes for aw
unnecessaryamoutttis indefensible, for that would'
be to constitute the Government of the United
States a national bank.
Then thequestion is, how much Shall it borrow?
We differ in our estimates about the amount,be-
cause we differ about the operation of the revenue
laws. My honorable friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] thinks the revenues will be much
less than is anticipated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and therefore he thinks and expects
that there will be need for a repetition of this loan.
His admission that the revenues will thus be de-
ficient is taken on the other side of the Chamber
as an admission against those of us here who
desire to limit the amount to $10,000,000. In that,
it is my misfortune to differ from my honorable
friend from Massachusetts, and from those who
take his view of the subject. This has been a-
sudden prostration—a prostration of unexampled
suddenness and severity. Forty days—so many-
days and nights as constitute the season of Lent—
constituted the whole period of the pressure in
the country, and produced the crisis. There was
no panic or pressure before the 1st of September,"
and the banks had suspended specie payments;
and so the eountry found relief on the 16th or 17th
of October, and on the 15th of December tha
banks were again paying specie.^
Now, alargeamount (nearly all) of the produce
of the country is on its passage to the commer-
cial centers for exchange. A large amount of the
fabrics which are to be paid in exchange for them
are already in the Government storehouses, and
deposited there waiting for the exchange to be
made. In my judgment, the acceleration of busi-
ness is going to be rapid just in proportion to the
rapidity with which business has declined; and I
expect to see every day, and every hour of every
day, marked by a rise in the prosperity of thef
country, graduated just exactly by the suddenness
of the depression. The causes of the disasterars
gone. I think there is nothing before us but a
great revival of business and plethora of money
to revive it in all departments. I may be mistaken
in this, but I am willing to stand by it. I io not)
therefore, asfree with those who think that there
is to be, for a long period, a deficiency of the im-
portations, and that the duties must necessarily
be revived for this purpose. My objection'to the
last tariff act which we passed was, that the duties
were so low that it would increase importations to
such an amount as to produce a needless and in-
jurious surplus of revenue. I expect to see a sur-
plus in the Treasury of the United States within
the next two or three years, because I think the
tariff is too low insteaa of* too high.
Having- these opinions, my simple object is to
have this measure made substantially m its farms
and in all its features just what the occasion re-
quires a measure-of temporary and exactly ad-
justed relief. I think that one year is time enough
toalfow for the issue of these notes. I think that
$10,000,000 is large enough an amount for which
