1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi-
the frontier. Regulars have done their duty well,
sir, elsewhere. I wish not to pluck one leaf from
the laurels they have won. More gallant officers
are not to be found anywhere than those that be-
long to our little Army; but, in order to protect
the frontier of our country, place upon that iron-
tier troops who are accustomed to the mode of
warfare which is carried on there; placeuponthe
frontier tholse who have been habituated to follow
the Indian into his fastnesses from their early
roairhood ,and who know how to mecthim. When
the Indians find that theft and murder will be
suiely punished, they will sue for peace; their
treaties will be respccted. But when they visit
our frontier on a foray, and return to their homes
on the mountains and the plains unharmed, a«4
are never punished, it is an invitation to them to
commit similar offenses again. But mounted vol-
unteers, in threes and fours and fives, can follow
similar squads of Indians to their retreats and
punish them there. When they are punished they
are conquered;and when conquered you may col-
lect them on the reserves and try to civilize them.
The Choctaws and Chickasaws have proved
that the Indians can be instructed in the habits
of civilized life. I will say, with all respect to the
gentlemen on the Republican side of the House,
here is an object worthy of your intelligence and
philanthropy. Let us civilize these Indians, that
once possessed those vast domains; collect them
upon the reserves, and teach them to read and
write, and instruct them in those arts that have
made us the great and mighty people that we are.
It can be done. The reserves upon the Arkansas
frontier afford evidence of this fact; and the re-
serve upon our own northwestern bolder, under
the direction of that effieientlndian agent, Major
Neighbors, proves that fact.
These are the reasons why Texas ask for this
regiment. You have now a frontier of over twelve
hundred miles in length on our State to protect.
That protection can be made efficient with a few
artillery companies upon the Rio Grande border-
ing on Mexico; and with a regiment ofvolunteers
ranging between the Rio Grande and the Red river,
a distance of four hundred and fifty miles, you
will afford a complete protection to the citizens
south of that line, and drive back the Indians north
of it. That course will be the least expensive.
You will remove much of the expenses incident
to transportation of supplies from the coast to the
interior to supply those posts. Nearly one half
of the expense incurred in protecting the frontiers
of Texas has been incurred in the transportation
of supplies. Neaily half a million has'been ex-
pended annually in transportation. The ranger,
on an emergency, needs no transportation but that
which he carues upon his horse, and the grass
of the prairie frequently furnishes thathorse with
food. Ho can camp where duty calls him, with
out a tent. lie can go where duty calis him, with-
out a kettle or a cotfee-pot. He is accustomed to
that life; lie is identified with the soil; and in pro-
tecting the frontier he protects his home, lus fields,
and his fireside.
These arc the reasons why we ask for this addi-
tional regiment. I trust that the gentleman trom
Ohio has received the information he desired.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I propose
merely to occupy the attention of the House for
two or three minutes upon the question on which
the gentleman from Texas has so eloquently
spoken. I barely wish to repeat what tell irom
the lips of a distinguished gentleman from Ten-
nessee, in a former debate in this body—I refer
to Mr. Cave Johnson, formerly Postmaster Gen-
eral of the United States. Speaking upon this
very subject, he once said, that, it' the Govern-
ment of the United States would give him the
money and rations paid to our troops defending
that frontier, he would guard it himself. I say,
from ail the observation of my life—and I have
some knowledge of the Indian character, for I
have mingled with them perhaps more than the
gentleman from Texas has; 1 have seen them
in battle and in various conditions of life; I say,
from the convictions of my heart, that, if you
feed the Indian and do him justice, he wiil never
injure the white man. I refrain from further re-
marks from prudential motives.
Mr. SAVAGE obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to offer an amendment to the original
bill?
Mr. SAVAGE. I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not now I
in order, inasmuch as there is a motion pending to
recommit; but it will be reported for information.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the words "and required," in the tbird and
fouith lines of llie first section. Also add the following:
Sec- 7. hp it further carded, That so much of this
act as authorizes the President to receive into the service
of tin; United States one regiment of Texas mounted vol-
unteers shall not take effect, or be in force, unless tile said
State of Texas shall remain in the Union, or &o long as the
said State of Texas shall occupy an attitude of hostility or
disloyalty towards tills Federal Union.
Mr. SAVAGE resumed the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. The hour is late, and the
House is exhausted; and, as I should like to
have my friend from Tennessee come fresh to
the field, I will move to adjourn, if he will allow
me to do so.
Mr. SAVAGE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes to four o'clock,p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 18,1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. Harrold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
information in relation to Rock Island in the State
of Illinois, and its use as a military reservation;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. There is a sort of informal
understanding amongst Senators that the floor
on the Kansas question has been yielded by the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] to the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and it is thought
best to have an evening session. For that pur-
pose, I move that at half past four o'clock the
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. FOOT, t suppose that will be taken sub-
I ject to this qualification, that if a member should
| be upon the floor, and should not have quite con-
j eluded his remarks at that time, they shall not be
, interrupted if he prefers to conclude them.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup- :
; poses so. ;
! PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. j
j Mr. WADE presented additional evidence in
i support of the claim of S. W. and A. A. Turner;
i which was referred to the Committee on the Post
! Office and Post R,oads.
i Mi. BIGLER presented the petition of Ann L.
i Rogers, wife and assignee of John A. Rogers,
,! proving for compensation for liis_services as c-x-
! aminer of the land offices in the" States of Ala-
;! bama and Mississippi; which was referred to the
i, Committee on Claims.
j Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of mer-
chants of Baltimore, remonstrating against the
ji repeal of the law establishing the Light-House
•! Board; which was referred to the Committee on
[I Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
:! B. F. Simms and Arthur Barbarin, inventors of
1 an electro-magnetic fog bell, praying for an ap-
propriation to test its practicability and useful-
< ness; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. , .
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
/ of the State of New York, praying that pensions
i! iiiav be granted to those who served in the war
!i of 1812, and to the widows of those who have
: died; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
S PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the letter of T. J. Bowen. on the files of
the Senate, m l elation to the exploration o. the river Niger,
in Atnca. bo reibirru to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sarah Smith Stafford, with
the adver&e uport thereon, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Joint
Hastings, submitted a report,- accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 207) for the relief of John Hastings,
collector at the port of Pittsburg. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port. was ordered to bo printed. , _■ : . .
BILLS BECOME i.AWS.<
A message was received from the'President of
the United States, by Mr. I-Ienry, his Secretary,
announcing that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, the 16th instant, a res-
olution (S. No. 5) to authorize certain officer^ and
men engaged in the search for Sir John Franklin
to receive certain medals presented to them by the
Government of Great Britain.
COURTS IN UTAH.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to make a short report, #
which I desire to have read. It is accompanied
by a joint resolution, which I ask may be put on
its passage at this time.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
By the existing laws of Congress, no expenses incurred
in prosecutions before the United States courts withip (tlie
Territories, for offenses against the territorial laws, oim;be
paid from the funds of the United States. This, in the pres-
ent condition of Utah, renders it impracticable ior the courts
there to administer the laws, and requires some temporary
provision for the present exigency. The committee recom-
mend the adoption of the following joint resolution s
Joint resolution (S.No. 23) providing for! he payment of cer-
tain expenses of holding the United States courts in the
Territory of Utah:
Reiolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Untied States in Congress assembled, Tiiat the expenses
of holding the United States com is in the Territory.of Utah,
during the continuance of the present disturbances, therein,
be paid out of the judiciary fund, under tile limitations con-
tained m the existing laws in respect to fees: Provided,
That on the restoration of peace in said Territory, the ex-
penses of said courts, when exercising jurisdiction under
the territorial laws, shall be chargeable to the Territory, or
to the counties, as in other Territories.
The joint resolution was read twice by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;, read
the third time, and passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 19) respecting the distribution of
certain public documents, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read in full.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (,-c , That the words " so many," in the third
section of the joint resolution of January 28, 1857, <£ re-
specting the distribution ot'ecrtam documents,-*' be, and the
same are hereby, stricken out, and the words "two hundred
and litty" be, and the same arc hereby, insetted in thejr
place; ami further, that the words at the end of the section,
hv lnm," be, and the same are hereby, stricken out, and
the'words " to inm by the Representative in Congress from
'! each congressional district aud by the Delegate trom eacli
; Terutoryin the United States," be, and the santeare hereby,
insei ted.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that resolution may
be put on its passage, if there is no objection made
to it. I will state exactly what it is, as I am in-
formed fiom the House of Representatives. There
are certain numbers of the Journals and docu-
ments which are ordered, by the act referred to in
i i this resolution, to be delivered to the Secretary
of State for the purpose of distribution to the sev-
eral congressional districts. At the time the last
census was taken, the number of Representatives
remained the same, but there has been an increase
of Delegates from Territories, so that there is a
small deficiency in the number. It falls short of
furnishing an equal number to each district and
Territory.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator to allow the subject to lie over until to-mor-
row. There is really no more annoying thing
that I know of than the distribution of public doc-
uments.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will state the object, and
then I will consent to the postponement. The
object is merely to increase the number by a very
small addition that is necessary to give to each
congressional district the same number intended
by the law providing that the distribution should
be made by Congress. With that explanation,*
movethat it be referred to the Committee on Print-,
1D&r. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it lie ofer
