138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong....1 st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
ment; and even now, after the lapse of four years,
we still find that the presence of a military force
js necessary to maintain peace. So much for the
effect of that measure on Kansas and the country,
ilow has it been in .Congress? Need I ask that
puestiorj? Has not the subject of slavery in the
Territory been the absorbing subject of our
thoughts an.d,discussions at every session of Con-
gress since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act? And as fojr the character and temper of the
debates upon this subject, have they not, in as-
perity and fierceness, far exceeded those of any
antecedent period of our history?
Seeing that the principles of non-intervention
and popular sovereignty established by the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act had not been successful in re-
pressing slavery agitation and sectional contro-
versy, the friends of that measure appear, in the
last resort, to have invoked the Supreme Court to
interpose its ermine to stay the fratricidal strife;
mid that august tribunal, the last stay and hope
of the Constitution to preserve the balance of jus-
tice even amid the storms of dangerous and pow-
erful factions, has plunged into the vortex of po-
litical and sectional controversy. But that high
tribunal, with all the advantages of the respect,
veneration, and confidence which it has justly
enjoyed for sixty years, has not been able to stem
the tide of sectional controversy, which still rolls
onward and threatens to sweep us on to a fatal
catastrophe.
The President tells us in his special message that
every patriot had hoped the ICansas-Nebraskaact
would have put a final end to the slavery agita-
tion which for twenty years " convulsed the coun-
try and endangered the Union." That statement
is not quite fair. If he had gone back thirty-seven
years lie would have included the Missouri com-
promise. Every patriot hoped that that measure
was a final settlement of all difficulties in regard
to the Territories then belonging to the United
►States. If the President had adverted to that
other period, 1849 and 3850, when there was an-
otherslavery agitation that convulsed the country
and endangered the Union, he might have said
with perfect truth, that every patriot had hoped
that (ho compromise measures, then adopted,
would put u quietus upon slavery agitation. The
great men of both parties, the distinguished states-
men,of the country at the period of 1820 and 1850,
realized by their wisdom and patriotism the ex-
pectations of the great founders of our system,
who anticipated difficulties on this subject. So
important was the promised exemption from fu-
ture slavery agitation held out by the compio-
uiise measures of 1851 felt to be by the people, so
highly appreciated and hailed with such joy, that
ju 1852, when the two great parties of the coun-
try nut in convention to make their platforms and
nominate their candidates An the presidency, both
f<-lt compelled, by public sentiment, to solemnly
pledge themselves to abide by, or acquiesce in,
t he compromises of 1850, and never ag;nn to coun-
tenance agitation on the subject of slavery in any
foini whatever. Each of the nominees of the two
panics, General Pierce and General Scott, m his
letter accepting his nomination, pledged himself
that, if he should be called to the Presidency, he
would faithfully conform to the policy to which
J11s party had pledged itself upon this subject. So
deeply wns the interest diffused throughout the
eouutry in favor of maintaining the compromises
of 1850, that, though there was not a breath of
Mi.spieion against General Scott's fidelity and sin-
cerity in maintaining the cause of peace, yet, be-
cause it was supposed that he had some promi-
nent friends who had not that object so much at
heart, that shghtground of distrust had the effect
t<> mm the election in favor of the more trusted
candidate of the Democratic party, General Pierce
— more trusted for the devotion of his friends to the
maintenance of the compromise of 1850—by the
overwhelming member of two hundred and fifty-
two electoral votes to forty-two,given ioGcneial
Scott; while the distinguished Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who allowed his name
to be run on the Free-Soil ticket, received* in the
whole Union a popular vote of only one hundred
and fifty-seven thousand, and not a single elec-
toial vote. That, however, is not the strongest
evidence of the feeling that was manifested in re-
gal d to the compromise measures of 1850. In
the elections which came off in the fall of 1852,
and in the succeeding spring, one hundred and
fifty-nine Democratic members were elected to the
House of Representatives, giving the Democratic
party a majority of eighty-four in that House.
Mr. HALE. And I lost my election to the
Senate the same year.
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir; and others, then mem-
bers of the Senate, as well as yourself, might
never have been returned to the Senate again but
for the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act.
When Congress met in December, 1853, the Dem-
ocratic party had the large majority in the House
of Representatives before stated; and among the
minority there were only three or four members
who desired to further agitate the question of sla-
very, while in the Senate there were only five
Free-Soilers, all told; so effectually had the Free-
Soil movement in the North been put down by
the compromises of 1850.
The Senator from Georgia said to-day that the
compromise of 1820 had never given satisfaction
or quiet anywhere, South or North. Let me tell
him that at the last session of the Thirty-Second
Congress—the very one that preceded the intro-
duction of the Kansas-Nebraska bill—a similar
one, saving the clause repealing the Missouri com-
promise, and establishing the principle of non-in-
tervention, passed the House of Representatives,
with scarcely an allusion to the slavery restriction
act of 1820. There were only forty-three votes
against the. bill in the House, and some of them
from the North. On thnt occasion there was not a
word said of the-propriety or justice of repealing
the Missouri compromise. On the last night of that
session I contributed, with the distinguished Sen-
'ator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,! to defeat the
passage of that bill in the Senate. The objections
urged against it were, that there was no white
population in the Teiritoiy; that the measure
would be a violation of numerous Indian treaties;
and at last the bill failed, more from the want of
time than from any other cause; not a single
southern Senator, besides myself and the Senaior
from Texas, interposed a word against the bill.
So much as to the correctness of the statement of
the Senator from Georgia, in relation to the effect
of the Missouri compromise. That bill was laid
on the table on the last night of the session—the
3d of March, 1853. General Pierce, on the next
day, in his inaugural address congiutulated the
country on the restoration of peace and harmony,
and, true to his former pledge, he solemnly prom-
ised that he would do nothing during his admin-
istration to disturb the condition of things then
so happily existing in the country. In the first
message, on the meeting of Congress in Decem-
ber following, he renewed this pledge; butin less
than two short months from the date of that mes-
sage, the whole political heavens, then beaming
brightly and sending jov and gladness to the hearts
of the people of the whole country, the scene as
it were, in a twinkling, and as by the agency of
1 some diabolical magie, was changed. The polit-
ical skies were suddenly overcast by dark and
portentous clouds, out of which a storm arose,
which, in the Un^iuu'.e of the President, "has
convulsed the Union and shaken it to its very
center."
I now ask the attention of the Senate to the ef-
fect of the experiment of localizing slavery agi-
tation in the Territoi ies made in 1854, in changing
the complexion of parties both in Congress and
in the country. In the Congress which p.is^ed
the Kansas-Nebraska hill we have seen that th'>re
was, at the commencement of the session in De-
cember, 1853, a Democratic majority <<f eighty-
four in the House of Representatives, and oniy
four Free-Soilers; and in the Senate a like num-
! ber—so small, yet so distinct in their principles,
j that neither of the two great parties then known
I to the country knew well how to arrange them
| on committees.
;] Mr. HALE. You left them off.
j| Mr. I]ELL, The Whigs were afraid to touch
i! them. Mr. Chase was a Democrat, and was so
!! recognized by his brethren in the Senate, and was
;i taken care of by them m arranging the commit-
i{ tees; yet he was one of the gentlemen whom I
i| have designated as Free-Soilers. Now, let us sec
|: what was the effect of the Kansas-Nebraska act
li on the elections which ensued in the fall of 1854,
just on the heels of the adoption of that measure.
Onehundredand seven Free-Soilers were returned
to the House of Representatives; and the Dem-
ocratic party, instead of having a majority of
eighty-four in that House, found itself in a mi-
nority of seventy-six; and in the Senate the num-
ber of Free-Soilers was increased to thirteen.
Such was'the complexion of the two Houses of
Congress in the Thirty-Third Congress, which
assembled in December, 1855. Now we find in
the Senate twenty Free-Soilers. How many more
they may have in the next Congress will depend
upon the disposition we make of the question noio
before the Senate. I call upon the Senator from
Georgia to say whether he will have that number
limited or not. Does he want a sufficient number
to prevent the ratification of any future treaty of
acquisition ? How long will it be before we have
that number if the southern Democracy persist
in their present course? They would seem to be
deeply interested in adding to the power of the
Republican party. I consider that the most fear-
ful and portentous of all the results of the Kansas-
Nebraska act was to create, to build up a great
sectional party. My friend from Ohio, who sits
near me, [Mr. Wade,] must allow me to say that
I regard his party as a sectional one.
Mr. WADE. Is not the other side a sectional
party ?
Mr. BELL. So far as they are confined to the
South they arc, but they say that they lap over.
Mr. WADE. Lap over further South still.
[Laughter.]
Mr BELL. I consider that no more omin-
ous and threatening cloud can darken the political
horizon at any time. How formidable this party
has already become may be well illustrated by the
fact that its representative candidate, Mr. Fre-
mont, was only beaten in the last presidential
election by the most desperate efforts; and I feel
warranted in saying, that but for the imminent
prospect of his success which shone out near the
close of the canvass, Mr. Buchanan would not have
attained his present high position.
Such have been the trophies of the victory—the
triumph achieved in the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act in 1854. It is with all this sad ex-
perience of the effects of that experiment in local-
izing the slavery agitation in the Territories, that
we are now called upon to renew it. To be sure,
we arc told the circumstances are not the same.
They are not identical, I admit. For instance,
we are told that if theie is any wrong done by
accepting the Lccompton constitution, the people
of Kansas can easily redress it. They have, it
is said, an inalienable right to change their con-
stitution when and how they please, and that they
are not fettered by any restrictions contained in
this constitution. I was sorry to hear the honor-
able Senatorfrom Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] whom
I regard as one of the old-fashioned supporters
of sound principles—to whatever inconvenience
they sometimes lead—say, in his late speech, that
lie was inclined to think the provision in the Le-
compton constitution which prescribes that after
the year 1864 it may be amended in the way
therein pointed out, does not prevent any altera-
tion or change of it which the people may tlunk
proper to make before that time; nay, I may say
that 1 was astonished to hear such a declaration
j coming fiom that Senator, when we all knowthat
■ the only purpose of thatprovision in the constitu-
turn was to prevent any amendment before 18ti4.
j. This hs the very restriction relied upon to give
I color to the change already made and piopagated
jj in some of the sluveholdmg States, that those
}j members of Congress from the South who may
I; by their votes defeat this measure, will have pie-
ventcd the establishment of a slave State in Kan-
sas.
But the President takes the bolder ground that
the restriction in the Lecompton constitution,
though intended to prevent any amendment be-
fore 1864, is altogether unavailable. He asserts
the doctrine that the people of ci State can change
their constitution at any time; and this he says is
a fundamental principle of American freedom. I-Ie
refers to the second clause of the bill of rights in
the Lecompton constitution, to show that the peo-
ple of Kansas have recognized this fundamental
principle. In that clause it is declared that "all
political power is inherent in the people, and all
