1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2201
river mails, and if fog is to be an excuse you will
seldom find an occasion when that will not be al-
leged. If running on a sand bar is evidence of
low water, those of us who have traveled on the
Ohio river know that there are very few days in
the year when you cannotgeton to one. If these
are to be received as excuses for not running a
regular mail, it will be very difficult indeed to hold
a contractor to any compliance with his contract.
Still, as I do not know the facts of thecase, I do
not wish to slate any opinion on them.
Mr. YULEE. I will stale to the Senator that
the case here is not a failure to perform a trip but
only a detention on a trip by reason of fogs and
low water, giving a reasonable ground of deten-
tion's the"Senator from Illinois should know,
being familiar witli western rivers. One reason
which operated with the committee, especially in
tills case, was, that the lale Postmaster General
being ,i lesidentof Philadelphia, was not familiar
with the nature of steamboat service on the western
waters, which is somewhat peculiar, as the pres-
ent Postmaster General is.
Mr. DAVIS. The last remark of the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
seems to call for some notice from fne, being an
inhabitant of that tegion of country to which he
alludes. The difficulty in the transmission of the
river mail results from the manner in which the
contracts arc made. You make contiacts to ran
from one remote point to another, and over some
line of trade, and the contracts are taken by freight
boats, and the mails put upon boats that run for
fieight. If the whole line of mall contracts were
cut up into short links where regular packets run,
the mails would be transmitted with regularity.
They make, their lime, notwithstanding fogs.
These boats that run from remote points do not
know where bars may have formed since they last
passed over the route. They are afraid to inn
when the night is datk, or when theie is a fog.
They are freighted too heavily frequently, and en-
counter the risk of tunning aground, llence atise
the irregularities 111 the transmission of the mail.
I have no doubt that packets were running past
these very boats at a time of fog when they may
have been detained.
Mr. BENJAillN. I make opposition to this
bill, because we have had one example of the ef-
fect of this kind of legislation. We had a law
pioviding for a mail to be canied from New Or-
leans to Cairo. After repeated dibits, we suc-
ceeded in getting the contract made. The mail
was carried ill such a manner as to become a
laughing stock on the river, when it was not a !
subject of grave complaint. The contractors put t
the mails on a boat when they could lindane, and .
when they could not they did not. They had
taken the contract for a price grossly inadequate,
if they were to put on a line of boats themselves,
but excessive if they wete to put the mails on
transient freight boats. They got $300,000 a year
I think, for putting the mails on tiansient freight
boats, or at least that was the manner they exe-
cuted their contract. The Postmaster General,
Mr. Campbell, fined them, and fined them heavily,
so that the amount they receive^ about paid them
for carrying the mail in the way they did carry
it. About the time he went out of office, a similar
application to the present was made,and we had
before us at the commencement of this session the
decision of the present Postmaster General,_ m
which he said that, on the evidence before him,
he had been forced to reverse the decision of his
predecessor, and gave the contractors ^50,000 out
of the Treasury, which had been inflicted as fines
by his predecessor. I say to gentlemen they may
take it for granted now that if this system of
legislation is to be sanctioned or countenanced,
within the next three years we shall have half a
million or a million of dollars to return to con-
tractors out of the Treasury. I shall say nothing
fdtther. .
Mr. POL1C. I merely wish to say, m addition
to what the Senator from Louisiana has stated,
that, ill the vety case to which he alludes, theie
were bids bv t\vo responsiole men to cany that
mail in legular packet-boats for a sum which
would leave something to them. They were un-
derbid by the contractors, who undertook to carry
the mail m transient boats, and trie consequence
was, that the great public and the great commer-
cial interests of the cities ut St. Louts ami New
Orleans suffered during the whole time of that
contract on aceountof the mode in which the mail
w,as carried. The Senator from Louisiana has
shown satisfactorily, I think, the injustice that
was done by that contract—the in justice that was
done to the Government, but, more than all, the
injustice that was done to the public by the mode
in which that service was performed, and the re-
leases that were given from the fines and penal-
ties that were incurred for the non-fulfillment of
the engagement.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to an-
other fact. Any gentleman who lias seen a cause
of collision betwixt western boats that came in
contact in low water, or especially in a fog, tried,
will understand how dangerous it will be to allow
contractors to go before the Department on ex
parte proof of such circumstances to make out a
case that shall excuse them from the fines which
have been imposed upon them by the prior Post-
master General, and thus relieve them of $43,258
of the amount of fines which had been deducted
from their contract pnee of $70,000 for carrying
the mail. If that is to be allowed, I undertake to
say that the equality and fairness of bidding for
tUese contracts are entirely gone, and the public
are to be made to suffer the consequences of men
getting contracts under such circumstances that
they will know, or, at least they will reasonably
calculate, that the fines and forfeitures which the
law has intended shall be the means of bringing
them to a strict performance of the contract will
be taken off by Congress as soon as the applica-
tion is made. This matter has been passed upon
by one Postmaster General, and 1 think we ought
to let it stand where it is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not expect, sir,
that this subject would ha\e occupied the time it
has (lone, or 1 should not have said to-tlie Senate
that 1 supposed it would be a ma'ter of a vt ry lew
moments. I shall detain the Senate but a'very
few minutes myself.
Mr. President, I think you will agree with me
that much has been said beyond what the imme-
diate subject requires. Genilemen have told us
of contracts in regard to which they know abuses
have been practiced, and fines improperly romit-
j ted. Why, sir, we should never grant relief, if
' we were to act on the idea that the authority we
now give to do justice, will be abused for the pui-
i pose of doing injustice. If this argument wcreap-
! phcable, what is the worth ofit? Nothing. You
have made a Postmaster General; you have au-
j thorized him to preside over this subject; and you
< have authorized him to decide upon all similar
cases. The application is now for him to adjudi-
J catcupon a case occtu ring within a former Admin-
istration—that is all. Is our Government to be
split up into little terms offour years, so that one
i four years is not to have anything to do with an-
1 other? It is breaking the Government into frag-
ments.
IIow has this matter been acted upon—passed
, upon, as gentlemen say? Upon the information
' which is communicated by the deputy postmas-
ters to the Depaitmcnt, a fine is entered before
the oarty fined has an opportunity of being heard.
I Is tli.1t passing upon the case? At a subsequent
I time, the party fined makes his application and
| shows etiuse for the remission ofthe fine; he pre-
| seius his evidence; lie apphesforan adjudication;
the Postmaster General goes out of office without
having made that adjudication; he leaves it im-
i done.°Is that deciding, isthatacting? That is m-
1 action—notaction. Now,the question is whether
the case in that state can be,according to univer-
sal usage and the admission of gentlemen here,
properly acted on by the Postmaster General?
Thepresent Postmaster General, finding the case,
as I understand, in that condition, considers it
acted upon, or passed upon—not that-any decis-
ion has ever been pronounced on the application
deciding that the cause shown was good or insuf-
ficient, but the fine was imposed, and the appli-
cation for remission not disposed of. The chan-
mau of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, who reported this bill, will please correct
me if 1 am wrong in this statement. ^ Did Mr.
Campbell make any express adjudication on the
subject? Is there any such on the records of the
Post Office Department ?
Mr. YULEE. Not oil the application for re-
examination.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is what I mean.
He made no decision on the application for reex-
amination and remission. How can gentlemen
say it has been acted upon ?
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state further, on the authority of a Senator
now in his seat, the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Shields,] that the former Postmaster Gen-
eral determined to take up the case for reexam-
ination, but that his official term expired before
he could reach it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is what I under-
stand to be the case.
Mr. SHIELDS. I learned that fact, which I
was about to communicate to the Senator from
Illinois when I sought to interrupt him, that the
former Postmaster General had determined to
take up this case for reexamination, but that he
left his office before he was able to carry out that
intention. The present PostmasterGeneral, who,
as stated by the honorable. Senator from New
Hampshire, is very particularand rigid, and prop-
erly so, in his office, has a little delicacy in touch-
ing this case without some authority of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The present Postmas-
ter General, out of a little scruple and little deli-
cacy towards his predecessor, as the circumstances
occurred under a former Administration, and the
case was befoie his predecessor, will not act un-
less Congress will give him the authority and
permission to do so. The statement made^ by
my honorable friend from Minnesota, I think,
supersedes the necessity of any argument of the
question on my part. I hope my friend from
Louisiana will be satisfied with it, and that his
amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would very willingly
withdraw the amendment, and be satisfied, if the
Senator from Minnesota can state to us that he
got Ins" information from an official source.
Mr. SHIELDS. No; I have no official inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The contractors may pos-
sibly have said so, and that would not satisfy
anybody.
Mr. SHIELDS. I really do not know what
an official source is. I have learned it incident-
ally at the office, ,
Mr. CLAY. I see that this debate is going to
continue, it has already occupied nearly half an
hour of the time allotted for the special order, and
1 move to lay the bill on the table. There are
Senators around me who say they want to in-
vestigate it, and are not ready to vote on it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Senator will
allow us to have a vote on it now.
Mr. CLAY. We cannot have a vote, for I am
assured by Senators around me that they are not
really for a vote. They say tliey wish to lay it
over until to-moirow morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, as we are so far
advanced in the bill, I hope the gentleman's mo-
tion will not prevail.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest to the Senator from
Alabama to withdraw his motion. I presume lie
does not intend it as a test vote. If it is the de-
sire of the Senate to allow the bill to pass over
until to-morrow, I presume there will be no ob-
jection on the partof the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have called for the yeas and
nays because I desire to make it a test vote. I
think we have heard enough of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. BRIGHT. I beg leave to state that I
think the better plan would be to let the bill lie
on the table until the Senator fiom' Ohio [Mr.
Putin] shall be m his place. I know he takes an
interest in this bill. It affects some of his con-
stituents. Some of the parties live in the city
of his residence. If the bill goes on the taole by
consent, it can be taken up again. I hope the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] will agree
to that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not make the motion
to lay on the table, but I think the Senate is suf-
ficiently informed now to act on this bill defi-
nitely ill the mode proposed. I am very suie it
cannot pass without very piotracted debate. It
| involves questions of importance, and will cause
I the expenditure of a large amount of money.
1 Mr. BRIGHT. I should be glad to say some-
