1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <5LOBE.
c^ed in retaliation, is not the way to retaliate; it
is the way to produce war by inflicting chastise-
ment, as they call it, on people who have perpe-
trated no offense on the Government. That is the
way our Indian wars are kept up. The Treasury
would be drained of hundreds of millions annu-
ally, if every occasion of an outrage were imme-
diately to be redressed by falling upon the first
Indians upon our extended frontier that are sus-
pected, or upon any tribe, because they had in
their possession articles taken on the occasion of
a massacre.
A resolution requiring the Secretary to ascer-
tain and to report the facts, I should be glad to
pass; and if it can be ascertained who were the
perpetrators of the deed, inflictupon them a pun-
ishment commensurate with their offense; but do
not fall indiscriminately on the Indians who are
at peace on our borders, and thus provoke here-
after the massacre of perhaps ten for every one
that has fallen. We know that the Indians, if
they can, never go unavenged of injuries done to
them, and you may attack an innocent tribe that
had no participancy in-this transaction, and inflict
on them a great wrong. Redress on their part is
the consequence, and other innocent persons have
to fall victims to this indiscriminate mode of war-
fare that we are conducting on our frontier.
Mr. GWIN. I did not think that a member
of the Senate of the United States could be found
who would object to punishing what we know
has been one of the most outrageous massacres
that has ever been committed in the country.
What does the Senator propose? That we shall
make inquiries; that is to say, send persons there
to be murdered as these emigrants were. I ask
that a force shall be sent there that shall punish
these persons, and they will only punish them
when it is ascertained who they are. Thatiswhat
I propose. I want a force sent there of sufficient
power to inflict the most condign and summary
punishment on these murderers, who have mas-
sacred men, women, and children—American citi-
zens—passing peacefully through the country,
and then, after they were murdered and left un-
buricd, bring forth a false accusation that they
had attempted to poison the Indians, as some ex-
cuse !
It"is a charge which has never been sustained
by any testimony. All that I ask is that the
murderers shall be punished. I do not want in-
nocent Indian tribes attacked, and I do not expect
they will be attacked. They have made this at-
tack on American citizens. On nearly the only
emigrant route now open to California this mas-
sacre has taken place. We hear a great deal of
sympathy for the massacres of citizens by the
Apaches and other tribes of Indians, but there is
nothing like this atrocious deed in the history of
our country. Not one of the whole party of one
hundred and eighteen was left. They only spared
a few children under five years of age, in order to
make slaves of them; all the adults were mur-
dered so that they should not have an opportu-
nity to divulge who committed this terrible crime.
I want a force to be sent there to make the in-
quiry, and then to inflict punishment. That is all
I ask.
Mr. FOOT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this question and all other orders,
and that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union, which was the unfin-
ished business yesterday.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator from Texas
object to the passage of the resolution ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not, if the gentleman
will amend it in such a way as to ascertain 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is on the floor, and has made a motion.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 161) to provide for the
admission of the State Of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. FOOT. The floor was assigned to myself
upon the adjournment of the Senate last evening;
and by way of explanation, I will remark that it
has been a subject of mutual private arrangement
among those, or a portion of those, at least, who
expect to address the Senate yet on this subject,
as to the order of time ill which they will address
the Senate. I took the floor last evening on the
adjournment of the Senate in the absence of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
at his request and for his benefit, he having
expressed a desire, to which we all cordially ac-
ceded, to address the Senate upon this question
this morning. Aware as I was that whatever opin-
ions that honorable Senator might entertain upon
this important question were of vastly more con-
sequence and importance to the country than any
opinions I mightentertain upon it, that whatever
he might have to say upon this question would be
sought for with vastly more interest by the coun-
try than anything I could say, or might be ex-
pected to say, I have most cordially resigned to
him whatever right I may have obtained to the
floor this morning, takingmy chances, of course,
to obtain the floor at some other time to offer a
few remarks on this question before the close of
the debate.
I also further understand, perhaps it is proper
to say here, that by agreement between the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee and the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] the
latter is to precede the former in the discussion
this morning. I have thought it proper to make
this explanation, as I am put on the record as
having-the floor assigned to myself this morning.
Mr. TOOMBS spoke for two hours in support
of the bill, and in reply to Mr. Ceittenden's re-
marks of yesterday.
His speech was followed by an explanation
from Mr. CRITTENDEN.
Mr. BELL commenced a speech in opposition
to the bill, but had not concluded when the Sen-
ate took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
After the recess, Mr. BELL resumed, and con-
cluded his speech.
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor, and the Senate
adjourned, at ten o'clock.
[The residue of this day's proceedings will be
published in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 18, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. N. Haskell.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickdy, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, the joint resolution of the House respecting
the distribution of certain public documents. Also,
that the Senate had passed a bill entitled, "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to incorporate
the Provident Association of Clerks in the several
Departments of the Government of the United
States, in the Districtof Columbia;' " in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
VOLUNTEER BILL. *■''
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the bill (H. R. No. 313) reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to provide for the
organization of a regiment of mounted volunteers
for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and to
authorize the President to call into the service of
the United States four additional regiments of
volunteers; upon which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Savage] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, if I had the
powers of oratory and learning at my command
I should not deem it proper to use them on this
occasion. We have before us a subject of great
national interest, requiring plain statements and
common-sense views, rather than elaborate ora-
tory; and if I succeed in presenting my views in
a plain, common-sense manner, I will have done
all that I intend to do on the present occasion. It
is a subject of great importance; one which ought
to call forth our most deliberate considerations,
and one which has already elicited opposing views
from various gentlemen. This is an attempt to
establish a policy, different, to some extent, from
the policy that has governed us in times past. 1 he
question is, shall we increase the military force of
the United States ? That question is addressed to
us by the President and Secretary of War, and I
always feel a great delicacy in opposing one who
is considered my file-leader. I have been, my-
self, a soldier, and am i lawyer; and my habit,
as a Democrat, has been to carry my experience,
as a lawyer and as a military man, into politics. '
I acknowledge the great doctrinc of, following
the flag and fighting under it, no matter in whose,
hands it shall be borne. It is a very great respon-
sibility, when a man, at any time, or under any
circumstances, refuses to follow his flag. Bat#
in acting on this great subject, I acknowledge no
command from any source. I corratder that, on
this subject, Congress is the highest authority.
As I read the Constitution of my* country* Con-
gress has the power to declare war; Congress has
power to raise and maintain armies ;«nd CoBgre&a.
has power to provide for the calling out of the mi-
litia to execute the laws, and tor-epress insurrec-
tion or rebellion. It is ourpower; itis our respon-
sibility; it is our duty; it is our high authority,1
to provide the elements of defense, by which the
safety of this great country is to be guarded. We
may receive the opinion of the Executive, as a
suggestion, or advice; but it is not to be binding
on us. It is the business of the Executive to take
and use the force that we furnish; and if we fur-
nish the Executive with a force different from
what it asks, the responsibility is with us. I am
ready to assume my share of the responsibility,
for it is no part of my character to dodge respon-
sibility. When we furnish the force which, in
the judgment of Congress, is the proper force to
meet this exigency, if the Executive fails to make
proper use of it, let the responsibility lie on. the
Executive.
This is my law. This is my conviction of right;
I am an advocate of the bill reported by the ma-
jority of the committee. I shall supportit here;
and I have supported it elsewhere. .Hence it fol-
lows that I am one who has been willing to .see
such an increase of force as is recommended by
this bill; and it also follows that I am not willing
to see the increase of force recommended by the
Secretary of War. And I will Show my rea-
sons why I am not in favor of the kind of force
asked by the Secretary of War. I was a httle
surprised to hear my distinguished friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] state that he was against the
bill simply because there was another , one rec-
ommended by the Executive, and cite tile author-
ity of the Secretary of War as the reason why
we should support the bill introduced by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Rurj.KwevR,] instead
of the bill reported by the majority of the com-
mittee. Now, sir, at the very outset of this dis-
cussion, 1 join issue with the Secretary of War.
I take issue with him in the whole of that state-
ment, cited by the gentleman from Ohio, wherein
the Secretary of War alleges that it will not be
doubted that an army, properly organized, con-
stitutes at once the cheapest and most efficient
means by which these indispensable services can
be secured to the Government. Now, sir, I de-
clare that statement to be, in its broadest sense,
entirely in conflict with all past experience; and
the proof«brought here to sustain it wholly foils
to do so. The tables on which the statements are
based are wholly unreliable.
I know that by certain unfair assumptions this
conclusion may be arrived at. But, sir, when
these tables are scrutinized, their assumption
is as apparent as the noonday sun. If you will
take the account of cost of a volunteer for three
months, and the account of cost for the regular
for five years, it may be that the volunteer will
cost most; but then when you come to make a
calculation of what you get for what you pay, I
stand here to maintain that the volunteer fur-
nishes the cheapest service the Government has
ever had in any direction whatever, and that they
are the main defense of this great nation; and that
hosted Army of which gentlemen talk so much,
is a very small part of our national safety. If
we were to rely upon that system which is en-
deavored to be settled and fixed for all future
time, then, indeed, would you soon have an army
establishment such as every European Power
now has. I do not believe that is the intention
of the Secretary of War, but I say the inevitable
! effect of his argument would lead to the establish-
j ment of a regular Army in allfuture _time,fbrthe
: defense of the nation; the effect will be in less
than twenty years to 'fix an enormous military
establishment on this country in time of peace.
This, sir, is the first step for treading in the path-
way which other nations have trod; and,'forone#
I stand here to oppose it. The whole_ system
will havej>een reduced to. that corps regular
