1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
m
proposition to borrow money, I will not say it j
is the form which I would prefer. Fearing the I
temptation to extravagance, not in the Admuus- '
tration, but in the Congress which directs the !
objects of its expenditure, 1 am sorry to see j
adopted a plan which so easily exceeds the just ,
revenues of the country. If we may run ori in- j
creasing our debts from year to year, meeting
every extravagant scheme by an appropriation
which will cover it in this easy manner of fur-
nishing the means, no one feeling the pressure,
no representative lesponsible to his constituency
for a tax which is imposed, 1 fear that abuse may
come, and therefore I say this is not with me a
favorite method of raising money. I
But I am glad to find that instead of these notes ;
being issued, as has been recommended in some !
of the commercial portions of ourcountry, merely ;
to throw specie into circulation, to become a safe
deposit, theyare to bear interest. That interest, j
and the necessity of assignment from hand to :
hand as each note passes, will perhaps prevent
these notes from going into general circulation, |
and assuming, as has been asserted, the character 1
of bank notes. Then, according to the limitation 1
which I think has been wisely proposed by the j
Senator from New York, to confine the bill to one I
year, if our hopes are realized of returning pros- 1
perity to the country, and the equalization, by j
exchange, of that which we have to give for that j
which we have to buy, thus restoring to us the I
ordinary revenue of the Government, 1 trust when ]
these notes are redeemed, the day will be far die- i
tant when we shall have to issue another. j
I say this especially to those who have ar- !
raigned the last and the present Administrations
for their extravagant view, because it depends on
the Congress and not on the Administration to
keep down the expenditures of the Government.
The Executive can alone see that the money is
honestly disbursed, and properly applied to the
objects indicated by Congress, and in such sums j
as Congress may grant. If we are going to make
haibors where nature has made none, to build
up cities where commerce has to be drawn, by
heavy appropriations from the United States, then j
we shall want increased means of supplying the ,
Treasury, and probably shall have to extend the ;
credit of the United States also. [
Nor am 1 at all opposed to the suggestion of j
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. :
Crittenden,] to connect with every use of the
credit of this Government, whether in the form !
now proposed or in any other, some direct and
special mode of supplying the money which is
to redeem the debt created. On this occasion I
should be glad to see every article now on the
free list put on the dutiable list. Those articles
of geneial consumption which, by the popular
cry, have been put on the free list, and which are
the most fit subjects of taxation, ought to be re-
stored to the dutiable list and thus contribute to
fill the Treasury. All that long list of articles
which my honorable friend from Virginia added
at the last year to the free list, which,however
advantageous they may be to the manufacturer
of the country, enter into the increased value of
their article, are as fit subjects for duty as the
article itself. Everything that will bear a duty,
according to my ideas of a revenue tariff, should
have the duty imposed on it which it can pay,
and then we should scale down to the lowest
duty that will furnish a sufficient revenue to the
Government. That would be my mode of an-
swering the proposition of a justdistribution of
duty—'a distribution which should cover every-
thing which is imported, and which should be
the lowest on each thing that the necessary rev-
enue of the country would permit—approximate
free trade; I wish it were absolute. I wish that
no Secretary of the Treasury ever had again to
send in an estimate of the cost of collecting the
duties from imports, that the custom-houses were
abandoned, and the army of retainers of the Fed-
eral Government employed to collect the tax-es
through impost duties, dispersed among the peo-
ple. I should like to see free trade existing
throughout this Union, with &U its fraternizing
effect on the nations, with all its beneficial re-
sults to the laboring masses, each receiving that
which can be made elsewhere cheaper than he
could produce it himself, and each exchanging
that which nature and the industrial habits of his
country enable him to produce more cheaply
than others-. Then we should at once be rid of
all frauds upon the Government.
But as I do not hope to attain that desired
object, I will s.iy one word on the oft-repeated
chaises of fraud upon the Government by false
invoices. That invoices may be so skillfully
framed as to deceive the best appraiser, I do not
doubt; that labels may be put upon things for
export to theUnited States, that will deeeiveeven
a practiced eye, whilst there will be that slight
■ difference that will shield the parties and protect
' them from the charge of forgery, I have had oc-
i casion to observe; but I think the fault is not in
j the law, or if in the law, k. is less there than it is
in the want of capacity in the appraisers. 1 think
the duty properly discharged by the custom-house
: officers will leave but little to complain of in the
; way of fraud, by invoices or otherwise.
Ithas been with me, fi om my earliest manhood,
a matter of gratification, that my own country-
men, alone of all the world, constituted a race that
looked upon smuggling as a crime—who, parts
of a Government that belonged to themselves, paid
l the duties which their laws imposed, and aided
; the Administration in collecting those duties by
voluntary efforts of their own. To what other
land shall we go to find a people who would dis-
; credit a man because he smuggled in foreign goods?
The evil may exist in our country; but if so, I
i believe it to exist in a very small degree. I be-
lieve there is no public tone in the country that
would coun tcnance it for a moment, and I am sorry
that Senators should dwell upon frauds which are
but incident to the imperfection of those who are
to execute the laws, and thus send us forth to the
woild in a character not our own; for 1 claim for
the American people the credit of having such a
respect for the laws of their own land that they
aro'willing to maintain the revenue laws, even m
■ those sections where they most oppose them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not propose to protract
this discussion, but I did not cxactiy comprehend
the lemarks of the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, in regard to what I said yesterday about
! the great staple of his section of country—cotton.
He said that I had proffered some advice or sug-
, gestion. I hope he did not understand me as
' proffering any advice in an offensive manner.
; Mr. DAVIS- Certainly not, sir. I would say
! to the gentleman that. I considered him as pre-
j senting a set of sentiments that belong to one end
; of the fiber of cotton, and that I represented the
' opinions that belonged to the other end of the
; fiber.
1 Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to bring both
i ends together, if I could, [laughter,] and I believe
that was the spirit of my remarks. I said that
| the nearer the consumer was to the producer the
; better for them both, and that, when you pre-
, vented an increased consumption of cotton in the
■ United States, the South lost the best customer it
! had fonts great staple. I shall not, however, go
' into that subject now. I mean to confine myself
to the provisions of the bill before mc.
! Yesterday, I examined the President's message
! in oider, if I could, to call the attention of the
> Senate to the fact that the President had mistaken
! the causes of our distress, on the supposition that
! if he had understood the causes to be different
from those stated by him, he would have pro-
■ posed a different remedy. I made myself hoarse
; in doing that, and I shall not advertto itagain.
j Now, I desire to inquire of the Senator from
J Virginia whether the Treasury notes to be issued
| under this bill are to pass from hand to hand by
j mere delivery, or whether the indorsement of the
: holder will be required?
j Mr. HUNTER. They are to pass by indorse-
! ment and delivery.
; Mr. SIMMONS. After the first indorsement,
I are they to pass from hand to hand without rein-
■! dorsement?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
! Mr. SIMMONS. Then this measure proposes
; to make the Treasury a bank of issue. I do not
i object to furnishing money for the purposes of
j! the Government; and if Treasury notes are to
j be issued,my desire is that they shall be putin
j; such a shape as to be a medium of exchange be-
I: tween the different parts of the country, and not
|] used as a medium of circulation, passing from
] hand to hand. If these notes are to be issued,
jj let them bo in such a form as to remedy the evil
|; of which my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] spoke yesterday. He gave us an -in-
stance where a bill of exchange, drawn by a
specie-paying hank in Kentucky on a non-specie-
paying bank in some other pan of, the country,
cost two per cent. I think that is a dead loss to
the men who have occasion for exchange—the
producers of the country.
I have no desire to embarrass the operations of
the Government, and if the Senate are satisfied
that Treasury notes ought to be issued, be it so;
but let them be issued in such a form that thejf
may answer the purposes of the Government,
facilitate the business of the country, and allevi-
ate the existing distress about the causes of which
we shall probably never agree. I think we should
allow no Treasury note to be issued for less than
$100; and we should require them to ,pass only
with the indorsement of the holder. If this were
done, if I desired to remit a Treasury note to
Wisconsin, I could indorse it to the order of the
man whom I wished to receive it, and then, if
the mail were robbed, he would be safe, because
the money could not be collected, without his
order. If, however, these notes may pass from
hand to hand by mere delivery, a man might rob
the mail of an envelop containing a thousand dol-
lar note, and get the money for it.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from Rhode
Island allow me to put a question to the Senator
from Virginia?
Mr. .SIMMONS. Yes, sir. .
Mr. BAYARD. 1 understand the Senator from
Virginia to say, that as the bill now stands, the
Treasury note is, in the first instance, to be made
payable to the order of the person to whom it is
issued, and after that it may pass by delivery
without indorsement. If I view the provisions
of the bill aright, when a note of this kind is
made payable to the order of any person, there
is nothing here taking away the right of that
person to restrict the payment to the individual
to whom he indorses it. In other words, he may
make a special indorsement, and then there can
be no legal title to the note, unless by the authority
of the person to whom itwasfirstissued. Whether
that is right or wrong I do not pretend to say. I
think these notes ought to pass by delivery alone,
in the first instance, because you compel your
receiving officers to receive them in payment of
customs, and lands, and debts due to the United
States, and if a note comes to him with six or
eight indorsements on it, in hand-writings of
which he can have no knowledge, you subject
him to great hazard. Again, when the Govern-
mentcomes to redeem the notes,ifany indorsement
were not genuine, the payment would not be good
against a person who was a special indorsee. If
you issue a note payable to order, and the party
to whom it was issued chooses to indorse it to a
third person, how can you, by paying the note,
destroy the title of that third person, unless he
himself has indorsed it? If the note were pay-
able to bearer, you would be free from responsi-
bility by payment to any one presenting it, but
not so in the ease of a special indorsement, unless
the special indorsement is broken in upon by an
indorsement in blank by the special indorsee. As
long, however, as special indorsements may be
continued on notes in the form authorized by this
bill, the last indorsee may restrict payment of the
note to whom he pleases, and the title cannot
pass without his indorsement, so that if it were
lost or stolen, the Government would pay at its
own risk.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am sorry that I asked any
question oil this point, because it raises a debate
about the title to notes after indorsement and be-
fore indorsement. I thought that perhaps there
was some settled principle about the indorsement
of all kinds of notes. I have seen a great many
Treasury notes which were issued by the uni-
ted States, and indorsed by the first holder " to
bearer," and I supposed they passed by deliv-
ery. If I take a note payable on its face to a
particular man, or order, and he, by his indorse-
ment, orders it to be paid " to bearer, I do not
see how it can afterwards be rcstiictedt but 1
am no lawyer. If it is indorsed in blank I sup-
pose the man who holds it can get the money; but
I do not understand law, and I do not find any-
body here who can tell me what the law is.
[Laughter.] I called attention to this point be-
cause I did not see any more difficulty in the way
of the Treasury issuing these notes so as to answer
