92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1ft,
the purpose of exchange than in drawing from
one nub-Treasury on another.
. Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Rhode Island, as he has asked the question, that
I believe the practice has been to indorse Treas-
ury notes in blank,and they have generallypassed
by delivery; but I suppose there could be a spe-
cial assignment of them. I see nothing in the
law to prevent a special assignment of them.
Mr. SUMMONS. I asked the question not for
the purpose of raising discussion, but because I
thought the Senator from Virginia had probably
examined the matter.
I understood the Senator from Mississippi to
advert to the remarks which I made yesterday as
if I were a protectionist. What I said was, that
if the Senator from Virginia would intelligently
prepare a statement of our probable exports and
imports for the next five years, and would tell me
how much revenue the Government would need,
he might lay his duties on that amount of trade,
making the articles free that he considered it best
to make free, according to the plan of last year,
and I would go with him whether his rate of duty
was twenty, or twenty-five, or any other rate per
cent.; providing only that the revenue should be
fairlyand fullycollectedwithoutfraud on the Gov-
ernment. That is all X ask. Fix your rates to
suit yourselves, but have a fair and honest home
valuation. I would as soon let the foreign pro-
ducer fix the rate of duty as fix the value on which
the duty shall be assessed. It seems to me non-
sensical to say that we should fix the rates of
duty and the foreign producers fix the value. I
want this Government to fix the value and fix the
rate of duty. Then you may fix the rate as low
as you can get along with, and on that system 1
will trust the industry of this country in compe-
tition with that of foreign nations.
I observe that this bill provides against frauds
on the Treasury, which may be attempted in
counterfeiting these Treasury notes. Will not
the Senator from Virginia agree to insert a pro-
vision to prevent the much larger frauds occa-
sioned by fraudulent undervaluations of imported
goods? When the bill was introduced I was sorry
that it did not come from the House of Represent-
atives, because 1 thought it would be improper to
insert in it such a provision as I propose to in-
corporate into it; but on consultation with one of
the members of the Judiciary Committee, I find
that it is competent for us on any bill to intro-
duce provisions for the prevention of fraud; and
as the bill already provides against some frauds,
it has appeared to me that the provision which 1
am about to suggest is entirely germane. The
imported goods are now valued at the principal
market of the country from winch they are im-
ported. The proposition which I have drawn
up provides that upon the entry of the goods in
the United States they shall be valued at the prices
prevailing at the principal place of importation in
the United States, to wit, the city of New York,
and that the duty shall be assessed upon the
market value of the goods in New York.
I propose this in order to avoid the complica-
tions resulting from the different currencies of the
world. Does not the Senator from Virginia know
it to be a fact that more labor has been spent in
the last three years in finding out what is the rela-
tive value of the currency of the United States as
compared with the currency of the nations from
whom we import, than on any other single branch
of the public service in the Treasury Department ?
They have not settled it yet, and they will not
settle it until this country gets to be as old as any
civilized nation that ever existed. It cannot be
settled. Does not the Senator from Virginia also
know that the Treasury instructions to our offi-
cers on this point have embroiled the executive
department in vexatious disputes with our foreign
ministers and consuls? I know what would be the
result of such disputes if I were officiating in any
department of this Government. If a man pre-
sented to me a claim based on the state of the law
twenty years ago, when he was appointed to a
mission or a consulate abroad, and said that he
sustained a loss on account of the currency in
which he was paid, I should not higgle with him
about ten per cant., but I would pay him at once.
I noticed on this point a somewhat remarkable
statement in a book this morning. I do not send
for information because I adopt the maxim of Dr.
Franklin—when I want information I go myself;
if I send for it I am not very apt to get it in season,
especially within the short time we are allowed
here for debating such bills as this. I understand
that on account of the alterations in our currency
since the organization of this Government we are
losing from ten to fifteen percent, sis exchangeon
every payment of salaries we make to our officers
abroad. I regret, and I am astonished at the fact,
that the intrinsic value of our coin has been dimin-
ishing ever since the establishment of the Govern-
ment. The plentier gold is, the more dross we
put into the currency. I do not like that. I want
the coin of the United States to be as good as the
coin of any other country. I am astonished to
see the discrepancy in the relative values of the
currency of the different nations of the world. It
is a study of itself. A man who undertakes to
administer our revenue laws under the present
system of foreign valuation ought to have such a
mind that he could extract the cube root of any
given sum of numbers in his head without going
through the figures.
I think there is no difficulty in the way of estab-
lishing a system by which you shall value the
goods in this country in the currency in which
the duties are paid; and for that reason the amend-
ment which I have drawn up, provides for val-
uing them'in the city of New YorK, ourprincipal
port of importation. Of course I anticipate that
there will be some objection to this. I read in the
debates of last spring, a statement by some Sen-
ator that the home valuation had been exploded
long ago, on account of its unconstitutionality.
Now, sir, I cannot perceive why it is not as con-
stitutional to value the goods imported into this
country at the principal market of such importa-
tions, as it is to value them at the principal market
of the country where they are purchased. I was
struck with the statement made yesterday by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
that the honest merchants at New Orleans im-
ported their goods through New York in order
to get them cheaper. Why should they be com-
pelled to do this ? No intelligent merchant in
New Orleans orders foreign goods without look-
ing to the principal market of this country to as-
certain whether the importation will be profitable
or not. With the present opportunities for the
transmission of intelligence throughoutthe coun-
try, you can, in the course of an hour or two,
ascertain the value of any article in any of our
poi ts. I say, you might as well value the imports
at our principal port of importation, and then
the valuation will be uniform throughout the Uni-
ted States.
Then there are two provisions in the act of 1842,
in reference to the valuation of merchandise, which
I should like to see adopted. That act also con-
tains some provisions in regard to specific duties,
to which I intend, at the proper tune, to call the
attention of the Committee on Finance. The law
of 1842 provides that, after valuing the goods at
the fair market price, and there is any dispute as
to it, the collector, if he thinks there is any attempt
to defraud the revenue, may take the duties in
kind. For example, a man imports five cases of
goods into New York, and makes his valuation,
under oath, of the fair wholesale market value of
those goods, but the collector thinks there is an
intention to defraud the Government; then, if the
duties are twenty per cent., he takes one case of
the goods, sells them within twenty days, and
puts the proceeds in the Treasury. Thus the
Government gets its twenty percent., let the rates
of exchange or the relative values of different cur-
rencies be what they may, and the importer pays
no more than twenty per cent. The seventeenth
section of the act of 1842, provides a feasible mode
of valuation; and then the eighteenth section,
which I should like to see inserted here, provides:
" Tlmt the several collectors be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized, under such regulations as mav be prescribed by
the Secretary ot the Treasury, whenever they shall deem
it nccessary to protect and sceurc the revenue of the United
States against frauds or undervaluation, and the same is
practicable, to take the amount of duties chargeable on any
article bearing an ad vatorcm rate of duty in the article it-
self according to the proportion or rate per centum of the
duty on such article, and such goods so taken the collector
shall cause to be sold at public auction within twenty days
from the time of taking the same in the manner prescubed
in this act, and place the proceeds arisiow from such sale
in the Treasury of the United States: Provided, That tile
collector or appraiser shall not be allowed any fees or com-
missions for taking and disposing of said goods and paying
the proceeds thereof into the Treasury other than are now
allowed by law."
The Senator from Virginia will see that this
avoids all the old-fashioned discussion about the
accumulation of duties on the article itself. Sup-
pose a merchant imports into New York five cases
of goods that cost $100 a case in Germany, but
which are said to be worth $120 a case in New
York; there is a duty of twenty per cent, on them,
and the collector takes one case and sells it to
pay the duty: although it may bring $120, it
costs the importer but $100, so that he does not
pay more than his twenty per cent. There is
now a percentage for freights and a great many
incidental charges. Thus Government has been
trying for the last six years to make little con-
trivances against fraudulent importations, when
there were provisions on the statute-book that I
think would have prevented the whole difficulty;
but whether this be so or not, I thinlrwe should
avoid the complication resulting from the differ-
ent values of the various currencies of the nations
of the earth. We ought to value the goods in
the currency in which we take the duties. I sup-
pose the Senator from Virginia knows the fact
that there is a dispute between the Department
and one of our ministers abroad as to an item of
$500 a year in his salary—not that he is not paid
as much as the law allows, but because of our
variations of currency. His salary formerly was
predicated on the dollar unit of our currency,
which was originally a silver coin; but when we
made a gold dollar coin, it was insisted that that
was the legal standard, and the Treasury paid
by that standard, and that is not worth as much
as the silver coin by the amount of §500 per an-
num on the salary of the officer to whom I have
alluded. I am told that the Government is put
to an annualexpense of more than forty thousand
dollars a year in the way of exchange on the sala-
ries of our ministers and consuls abroad.
I wish now to say a few words as to the home-
valuation system and the old tariff, and to this
point I desire to invite the attention of the Sena-
tors from Louisiana. I happened to be here as a
spectator during a portion of the last session , and
I perceived that there was very great solicitude
on the part of the Senators from Louisiana about
the rates of duty on sugars. In 1842, the Senate
appointed a Committee on Manufactures, con-
sisting of myself, Mr. Archer, of Virginia, Mr.
Miller, of New Jersey, Mr. Buchanan, of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. Morehead, of Kentucky; and
that committee made a unanimous report in favor
of the home-valuation system. I hold that re-
port in my hand. Since it was made, the subject
has undergone great discussion in the country.
This is the point to which I adverted yesterday,
and in regard to which 1 supposed the honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] had got
somewhat informed. Perhaps I owe him an apol-
ogy for not alluding to the remarks he made this
morning, as to the difference between him and me
yesterday. I did not happen to catchall that he
said this morning, because I did not know that he
was applying his remarks to me; I thought he was
addressing himself to what had been said by the
Senator from Massachusetts, or I would have
tried to reconcile our differences, for I consider
it one of the glories of human life that men should
always reconcile their differences.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator wiil
find, when he comes to read my remarks, that I
did precisely the thir.g which lie says he would
have done, if he heard me—reconcile our differ-
ences.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I ever get time to read
my own speech I will try to do it, and, after that,
endeavor to read the honorable Senator's speech;
but I have no idea that I shall be able to do so
this session. [Laughter.] I have no notion of
reviewing this matter when it is once out of my
hands.
I was about to call the attention of the Senators
from Louisiana to the report made by the Com-
mittee on Manufactures in 1842, with respect to
the article in which they feel interes-ted, to show
how admirably the home-valuation system em-
bodied in that denounced act of 1833, called the
compromise act, would have answered all the
practical purposes of this Government. This
report proceeded on the idea of having a fixed val-
uation for every article of importation which en-
tered into competition with the productions of our
own labor, requiring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to report to every new Congress the actual
