1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
' troops upon which we are to rely in all time for our j
defense. Once establish that idea in the public j
mind, and I say it will nut ho twenty years before !
you will i.ave a standing A t iny ot one hundred ,
thousand men in lime <A peace.
ject grave consideration. After mature reflection
he arrived at the conclusion that it was an abso-
lute fact, in the organization of the spheres* that
the world was not a self-existing body, but that it |j
i1 rented upon the shoulders of a huge negro. Said jj
fear, I am not wiling to* pass i Li is bill, partial- [i a bystander, as our negro philosopher explained [!
and suchlj himself, 44What docs the negro stand upon?"!
Jnriy when founded upon such leports
mtiitaryilucuments as those of the AujotantGen-
ctal and the Suigeou General, which have been
Ittid before us. it irf true thai wc already pay an jj
enormous sum lor the support of a very small ij
Army; but taking into view the vast militaryes-;]
tabhshments of other Powers, and wc have the ;
cheapestnational defense of any nation on the face •
of the globe. Why is it so ? It is because of the i
universal reliance upon the fact that on the tap of j
the drum unnumbered men will rush to the battle- j
field from civil life, who will bear aloft the banner j
of the stars und stripes, and carry it on to glory. !
Now, sir, I want to show, as intelligently as I i
can«in the brief time allotted to mo, that i have |
not characterized this policy too strongly. But, !
before L pass to that, I will read from the Sec- !
retary's report a few words, going to show what i
tins Army is. The description given by the Sec- j
" He stands upon a huge terrapin." Where is
the terrapin r" "Why, ho is nowhere." [Laugh-
ter.] So in this matter. You trace the reports-of
the Surgeon General and the Adjutant General
back to Mr. Poinsett's statement in 1839; and
when you seek to know where Mr. Poinsett's
statement rests, you find that it rests nowhere.
[Renewed laughter ]
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether the report of
the Paymaster General, upon which Mr, Poin-
sett's communication to Congress is based, is not
predicated upon the actual data contained in his
office, in theThird Auditor's office, and in the other
bureaus of the Government? It is not a conjec-
tural or a speculative statement. It is founded
upon the actual data of the office.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, I have exam-
reiary of War of our Army, leaves no doubt that : j ined the report of Paymaster Towson so far as I
i t. > A .     — .  f...    4 1. t i .■•T.i.kl. ( I. n I' If \A IV* 111 f h A Tiniilt 1 tA T>,-V I n .
that Aimy is not the flattering tiling which the
gemlcnmn from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] seems
to think'it is. The Secretary says in his report:
'■ The Oasis oi our existing ;y.-tcm H ihe niiiMt army as
it ui iho colonic beloiij ihe Revolution. retaining
man.v of the delects, -inei: convctud pi Great I3i nam. under
the experience and neeei-s-mes of long vv;ir< Piovi-mns
inconsistent wiili ihe o\i-iiii« -v.-tem, copied from other
nation*, and p:mia! }o^i-,I.uioii d"e>i<*ned lor pai lieulai'la-
tere^, have au^nienuo these evils, and we have coinnnf-
tcd thelnultof adapting our fundamental oigimiziition to
a time of peace, nir-tead of ba-iug it on Iiio exijrencicd of
wat.5)
The Secretary goes on to point out many other
defects of our present Army organization, saving
that wc have adopted many errors, and retained
many errors, which should be stricken ftom the
system; and if the gentleman will introduce a bill
to reorganize the whole Army system it will have
my vote. He goes on to say;
<: Tfour Army wa*. pur upon the piopei footing, the anom-
alous >-pectnele of hnvins two thud-; of our i.mk and file
compo.-cdof loreiffneis would certainly not be witnessed.
Now, I understand from this same document,
right hero upon the same page nearly, that the
Secretary of War tells us that the Mormon rebel-
lion is composed principally of foreigners. Do you
propose to fight them with an army composed of
two thirds foreigners r Sir, what we wish to ac-
complish by this bill is to send there the citizen
soldiery—men from home, men who have been
raised among us.
Now, sir, I come to deal with the facts and
figures presented in the reports of the Surgeon
General and of the Adjutant General. I call the
attention of the [louse especially to an examina-
tion of these repotts, for they will find that the
could. It was made in the year 1S3S to Mr. Pom-
sett I say that it fails to establish the conclu-
sions which have been stated lieic. Plow could
it establish them ? I put it to the common sense
of every man. There is not a man to whom the
proposition can be proved that the volunteer who
eats and is paid no more than the regular is more
costly than the regular. I say that the propo-
sition is an ut'tcr absurdity. It is impossible of
proof. The proposition goes back for the cvi-
dcncc upon which it is made to Mr. Poinsett.
Who is Mr. Poinsett? You will iind a fact to dis-
credit Mr. Poinsett as a witness from the start.
Look to the report which follows the one referred
to, and you w ill find that Mr. Poinsett iccommends
to the Ann i ican people to divide this country into
eight military districts; he recommends that two
hundred thousand militia shall be put under arms;
that they shall be divided into squads of twelve
thousand five hundred, or that twenty-five thou-
sand should be allotted to each district. One hun-
dred thousand men are to be held in reserve, and
one bundled thousand men to be held m active
service. When I say active service, I use the
words of the report. 'That was the military rec-
ommendation of Mr. Poinsett, and he is the man
upon whose authority rests the proposition that
regulars arc cheaper than volunteers.
1 have not a word to say against the distin-
guished Secretary of War. He is a gentleman.
I think he is a soldier. The opinions which he
expresses in his communication to the House are
rightfully taken from the officers m his Depart-
ment, if ho believed them. But the recommenda-
tion amounts to nothing if these opinions fail. The
assertion made by these officeis, that tlic regular : Surgeon General and the Adjutant Gencial really
service is cheapest, is wholly a delusion, notwith-
standing the intimation that it is founded upon
reliable figures. The data upon which they esti-
mate the expenses of volunteers is taken from the
three months' service, the most expensive in their
raising. They have taken the regulars at the time
when they were the least expensive. They gen-
erally go back to the time when a regular cost onlv
some two hundred and eighty or three hundred
dollars a year; and the estimate for the volunteers
when the cost had greatly increased. 1 say, there-
fore, that these repoits aie the greatest delusions
ever presented before a legislative body to influ-
ence Us action, and I cluuactenze them as such.
If you will look at the reports, you will find that
they rely in nearly every instance upon what M r.
Poinsett, the Secretary of War for Mr. Van Bu-
rcn, said, and upon calculations made in 3839.
Who is this Mr. Poinsett, who originated the
proposition that regulars cost less than volunteers?
Is not the thing absurd in itself? The volunteer
cannot cat more, and is not paid more, than the
regular, and yet he is more expensive. Take this
absuid proposition as you will, give the state-
ments made all the force they can have, and where
does this whole thing rest? Why, sir, ay I have
said, it rests upon something said long ago by
Mr. Poinsett. They prove, indeed, that the reg-
ular is cheaper, by the same logic that the negio
proved in what way the world was upheld. A
negro philosopher exercised himself to ascertain
are the witnesses. They are the witnesses to es-
tablish this proposition, if it can be established,
which is to overturn the military policy of the
country, and for the future do away with those
gallant volunteers, whose bright deeds are undy-
ing in our records*, whose valor achieved our hb-
criicsat the beginning and protected them since.
These arc the witnesses; and, sir, they stand here
discredited at the start. I do not mean to be un-
derstood that they are discredited as honorable
men, but that they ore discredited as witnesses.
They aie discredited by the facts and encum*
stances suriounding them. It is a universal prin-
ciple in law, that when" a witness testifies under
bias, and that bias is known, it discredits what
he says. Let us see what position these witnesses
occupy. It is to be expected that the Commander
of the Army, the Adjutant General, and the Sur-
geon General, should favor an increase of our
forces. It is the bias of their profession. Jtis
that bias which always will control men, no mat-
ter in what sphere of life they move. When the
farmer wants less land and lighter crops, when
the merchant wants fewer goods and smaller
profits, when the lawyer wants lower fees, when
the preacher wants a slimmer congregation, and
when the politician gets tired of being elected, then
will these Army men get tired of an increase of the
Army, and not until then.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] in
his calculation put down the cost of the soldier
how the world was supported. Ho gave the sub-  l at $300 per annum. In fact he costs us about one
thousand dollara-per annum. He charges the vol;
unteer in the timeofhigh cost, and the regular in
time of low cost. -Now, that sort of calculation
will not do. Gentlemen talk about the sickness
of the volunteers. Look to your tegular Ai my.
The number of casualties m the Army by death,
discharge, and desertion,during the year ending
Jane 30, JS57, was five thousand seven hundred
and twenty-nine—one third of the whole force;
and in making this calculation no deduction for.
the losses to "the Army occasioned by the last
cause is made. Now, what do you think of that ?
Here is a loss, by desertion alone, of two thousand
nine hundred and fifty-four men, makingone fifth
part of the force. And yet we are told that regu-
lar troops are the cheapest and most reliable force !
Now, if they had put this argument on another
ground, it might have been sustained; but they
have put it upon ground untenable, unreliable,
and that could not be sustained—namely, that reg-
ular troops were the cheapest force.
If Congress will declare Utah in rebellion, and
not have the Executive make war on his own
hook, then I will talk to yon as to whether wc
ought to give ten or twenty additional regiments
to carry on war. But I have not. seen any prop-
osition of that sort. If we think that the Terri-
tory of Utah is in rebellion, it docs not become us,
as the Representatives of the people, to stand here
quietly and leave the Executive to struggle with
the difficulty. It is our business to act; to take
the responsibility one way or other; to declare war
against that Territory, and to make provisions for
its prosecution.
So far as I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, I think
that there is a great deal of ignorance about the
people of Utah. There are things there which
ought to attract the attention of a wise and care-
ful Legislature. Small though this matter may
be, smaller things than that have grown into the
mightiest empires on the face of the globe. When
we look at the results of religious movements in
all ages of the world, we find that, from small be-
ginnings, they have grown to be very stupendous
things. There seems to be a striking parallel be-
tween the case of Mohammedanism and that of
Mormonism. We see that when Mohammed
came upon the world, he was too insignificant to
attract the attention of the Christian and nio'a-
trous nations that surrounded him: but in a very
short time we find him at the head of an army,
going on to conquest. That such is the object
and design of Brigham Young 1 have no more
doubt than I have that the sun shines. I do not
stand here to interfere with the religion of any
human being on the face of God's globe. I wish
all to travel their own road to heaven. For my
own part, I wish to chalk out my own road, un-
controlled by any power on earth. So much as
j to my religious feeling in this* matter. And let it
| be distinctly understood here, that my action is
| not in any degree controlled by what is considered
j the odious featuie of Mormonism; nordo I wi>h
i to be understood as approving of that. 1 stand
| here, not as a priest, but as a legislator; as a man
j whose business it is to look at the rise and fall of
power, and to maintain a Government which is
the model of wisdom.
It has been stated by a distinguished Senator,
that, so far as this odious feature is concerned,
there arc already, in many of the larger cities,
such as New York and others, more polygamy
than there is in the valley of the Salt Lake. I do
not know how far that is true, but I know that,
so far as the cities of my State aie concerned, it
I is not true. Bot whether it be true or false, it
[ has no effect upon me in reference to this great
I question. Whether the Mormons have two wives
; or forty, is not a question to be considered here.
I do not know that, as a theologist, I could de*
cide the question correctly. As a legislator, I
believe it wrong to have more than one wife; and
in making laws', I would make them in that view.
1 know that there are great authorities to the con-
trary. I remember, as I read the Holy Book,
that there was a man, whose name was David,
j who was much beloved of the Loid, and who had
i many wives. I remember, too, that there was
! Solomon, who was the wisest of human kind,and
, who had seven hundred wives and three hundred
i concubines; and I remember that this same Sol-
i onion spoke three thousand proverbs and one
| thousand and five songs to the Supreme Being.
I Still thisisaqueation which we have now nothing
