140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
Review. I will Only refer now to the fate to which
the author resigns those who dare to break the
ranks of that solid phalanx in which he thinks
the South should be combined—that is, to be
" held up to public scorn and public punishment
as traitors and tories, more steeped in guilt than
those of the Revolution itself."
I have but a few words more to say on this sub-
ject. I have been pained at many things which
1 have heard in the progress of this debate. The
honorable SenatorfromNewYork [Mr. Seward]
and the honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Hammond] opened new and wider and more
alluring fields for discussion—alluring, not by
their tendency to train the public mind to contem-
plate the destruction of the Union with compla-
cency, but as suggesting subjects of debate which
offer an unlimited range forintellectual display—
rich themes for the gildings of fancy. I shall not
venture beyond the borders of these new fields Of
discussion. I could not but be struck and fas-
cinated by the grand outlines and the gorgeous
yet beautiful filling up of the picture of southern
power and resources presented by the able and
eloquent Senator from South Carolina; but the
fascination was all gone when my eye was at
leisure to rest for an instant on the dark back-
ground which the rich pencilings of a master artist
were intended to light up. Still these changing
emotions did not prevent me from feeling some
surprise that the eloquent Senator, whom I know
to be both just and generous, could find it in his
heart to close his speech without some slight ex-
pression of gratitude—offering some small tribute
to the worth of that glorious old Federal Union,
which, after all its plunderings by tariffs, naviga-
tion laws, internal improvement^, and national
banks, had still left the South in the possession
of such multiplied riches and blessings.
I wish I could, with propriety, pass without
notice some passages in the speech of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Shward,] towards whom
personally I have no unkind feeling. It was with
pain and reerct that I listened to the utterance of
sentiments by that Senator affording material of j
the mosteffective nature forasitation at the South; I
and calculated to excite the feelings of those who i
still cling to the hope that the Union may be per- 1
petual. That honorable Senator spoke with de- !
liberation; and what he said cannot be considered \
to have escaped his lips in the boat and excite- j
ment of debate. Several weeks ago, he vaunt- !
iogly proclaimed to the Senate that the battle of
freedom was already won. But that was not
enough. When he was last on the floor, assum-
ing an oracular mien and air, he read to us, as
from the book of fate, the decrees which he seemed
to think it concerned the South to know.
Some of us had flattered ourselves that when
the Kansas question should be settled, peace and
quiet would reign in Congress and throughout the
country. The honorable Senator from New York
announced to us that this was a gross delusion;
that the admission of Kansas as a free State would
not terminate the slavery agitation in Congress
or anywhere else; that neither Congress nor the
country is to have any respite from its evils, and
that there never will be quiet on the slavery ques-
tion until the South shall have abandoned all fur-
ther efforts to extend slavery under the Federal
Constitution. He even undertakes to advise the
South on this point. He could counsel nothing
less. No conquering general in a cooler manner,
or with an air of greater authority, ever dictated
to vanquished foes the terms on which they could
have peace. But he does not encourage us with
the hope of peace and quiet, even if the South
should yield to his counsel, and seek no further
extension of slavery. Agitation, he informs us,
is to go on until the Supreme Court of the United
States is reorganized, or shall recede from some
of the doctrines, so abhorrent to him, it haslately
promulgated. I shall not enter into any discus-
sion of these doctrines. I will say, however,
that if the opinions announced by that court are
founded on sound principles, and formed within
the pale of judicial authority under the Constitu-
tion, they will stand, and ought to stand; if oth-
erwise, like hundreds of decisions in the jurid-
ical history of this country and Great Britain,
they will yield to further and closer investigation
without any disorganizing interposition of the
legislative power. If, as many gentlemen here
say, they were extra-judicial opinions, obiter
dicta, voluntary announcements of sentimentsand
opinions, they can do no injury in any quarter;
because, whenever the same questions shall again
arise, they will be open to argument and readju-
dication. Whatever may be the decision of that
court on the power of Congress to interfere with
the question of slavery in the Territories, and
however clear and well-founded in principle and
authority its decision may,be, I have supposed
that inasmuch as itis a question of constitutional
construction or interpretation, and relates to the
jurisdiction and power of a separate department
of the Government—a department always more
or less under the influence of political considera-
tions—the question would not be regarded as per-
manently settled; and that whenever m future, as
heretofore, Congress shall be called upon to le-
gislate concerning a Territory, the question will
again become a subject of discussion and such de-
cision as the majority shall think proper to declarc.
Congress was never swayed by the opinion of
the Supreme Court on the question of its power
to establish a national bank; nor will it be con-
trolled by any of its opinions on questions involv-
ing political considerations. If I am right in these
views, and when it is clear that no injury can be
done to either the North or the South by the opin-
ions recently pronounced by the Supreme Court
upon this question, why should it be made a pre-
text for continuing this dangerous slavery agita-
tion ?
As to the opinion of the court on the question
of the recognition of property in slaves by the
Constitution, I will say but a word or two. I will
not enter into any argument of it; but I will refer
the honorable Senatorfrom NewYork,and others
who agree with him, to an authority which I think
they will not disavow, and for which all who have
any admiration for great ability, associated with
all those personal qualities that give weight and
character to a statesman, will respcct. 1 allude
to Rufus King, of the organic period of our his-
tory. I allude to him not only as authority on a
point of constitutional law, but as a model of sen-
atorial propriety in the discussion of questions
affecting the personal sensibilities and interests of
brother Senators. He is known to have been, if
not the mover, the ablest champion of the slavery
restrictive policy. He was also a member of the
convention that framed the Constitution. In His
speech at the commencement of the controversy
upon this subject, in 1817, in reviewing the his-
tory of the concession made by the convention
which framed the Constitution, to the slavehold-
mg States, of a representation founded upon three
fifths of their slaves, added to their free popula-
tion, he contended that it was unequal and unjust
to the free States, on the ground that it was a rep-
resentation founded on property, and so under-
stood when the concession was made; and if the
principle was right, it ought to have extended to
property in the free States as well as in the slave
States.
That eminent man, while he showed himself a
determined opponent of the extension of slavery,
never sought to weaken or undermine any of the
securities which existed for the protection of slave
property, by the announcement of any doctrine
or sentiment not in strict conformity with the ob-
ligations and requirements of the positive institu-
tions of the Government in the councils of which
ho participated. He always spoke within and
under the Constitution. He may have held slav-
ery in as great abhorence as the Senator from New
T(ork professes to do. He may have considered
that, as a question of Christian ethics, man can-
not be the subject of property; but, if such was
his opinion, the greater the honor that will attach
to his memory, as a man and as a statesman, for
his forbearance to set up his private opinions as
of higher authority than the Constitution and
Government in the service of which he was en-
gaged.
The honorable Senator fromNew York further
announced to us, in exultant tones, that "at lait
there was a North side of this Chamber, a North
side of the Chamber of the House of Representa-
tives, and a North side of the Union, as well as
a South side of alt these;" and he admonished us
that the time was at hand when freedom would
assert its due influence in the regulation of the
domestic and foreign policy of the country.
When was there a time in the history of the
Government that there was no North side of this
Chamber and of the other ? When was there a
time that there was notaproud array of northern
men in both Chambers, distinguished by their
genius and ability, devoted to the interests of the.
North, and successful in maintaining them ?
Though it may bo true that southern men have
filled the executive chair for much the largest por-
tion of the time that has elapsed since the organ-
ization of the Government, yet when, in what
instance was it, that a southerner has been ele-
vated to that high station without the support of
a majority of the freemen of the North ?
Do you of the North complain that the policy
of the Government, under the long-continued in-
fluence of southern Presidents, has been injurious
or fatal to your interests ? Has it paTalyzed your
industry? Has it crippled your resources? Has
it impaired your energies ? Has it checked your
Erogress in any one department of human effort?
et your powerful mercantile marine, your ships
whitening every sea—the fruit of wise commer-
cial regulations and navigation laws; let your
flourishing agriculture, your astonishing prog-
ress in manufacturing skill, your great canals,
your thousands of miles of railroads, your vast
trade, internal and external, your proud cities,
and your accumulated millions of moneyed capi-
tal, ready to be invested in profitable enterprises
in any part of the world, answer that question.
Do you complain of a narrow and jealous policy
under southern rule, in extending and opening
new fields of enterprise to your hardy sons in the
great West, along the line of the great chain of
American lakes, even to the head waters of the
father of rivers, and over the rich and fertile plains
stretching southward from the lake shores ? Let
the teeming populations—let the hundreds of mil-
lions of annual products that have succeeded to
the but recent dreary and unproductive haunts of
the red man—answer that question. That very
preponderance of free States which the Senator
from New York contemplates with such satisfac-
tion, and which has moved him exultingly to
exclaim that there is at last a North side of this
Chamber, has been hastened by the liberal policy
of southern Presidents and southern statesmen;
and has it become the ambition of that Senator to
unite and combine all this great, rich, and power-
ful North in the policy of crippling the resources
and repressing the power of the South ? Is this
to be the one idea which is to mold the policy of
the Government, when that gentleman and his
friends shall control it? If it be, then 1 appeal to
the better feelings and the better judgment of his
followers to arrest him in his mad career. Sir, let
us have some brief interval of repose at least from
this eternal agitation of the slavery question. Let
power go into whatever hands it may, let us save
the Union !
I have all the confidence other gentlemen can
have in-the extent to which this Union is in-
trenched in the hearts of the great mass of the peo-
ple of the North and South; but when I reflect
upon and consider the desperate and dangerous
extremes to which ambitious party leaders are
often prepared to go, without meaning to do the
country any mischief, in the struggle for the im-
perial power, the crown of the American Presi-
dency, I sometimes tremble for its fate.
Two great parties are now dividing the Union
on this question. It is evident to every man of
sense, who examines it, that practically, in re-
spect to slavery, the result will be the same both
to North and South; Kansas will be a free State,
no matter what may be the decision on this ques-
tion. But how that decision may affect the for-
tunes of those parties, is not certain; and there is
the chief difficulty. But the greatest question of
all is, how will that decision affect the country as
a whole ?
Two adverse yet concurrent and mighty forces
are driving the vessel of State towards the rocks
upon which she must split, unless she receives
timely aid—a paradox, yet expressive of a mo-
mentous and perhaps a fatal truth.
There is no hope of rescue unless the sober-
minded men, both of the North and South, shall,
by some sufficient influence, be brought to adopt
