1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
made to take up any other business, the Chair
would call up the first, special order.
Mr. FESSEINDEN. I desire to inquire what
is the next business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the joint resolution for the presentation
of a medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding, and
the next is the bill in regard to the fishing boun-
ties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But what would be the
next in order after the Oregon bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Oregon bill is
on the general orders. It is not a special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I concur with the Chair en-
tirely on each of the points of order which have
been raised. I think the motion is in oider now
to postpone the Oregon bill for the purpose of
taking up any other; and when it is postponed, I
think it is perfectly competent for the Senate to
indicate any bill on the Calendar that it desires to
consider, I trust, however, that the Senate will
not postpone the Oregon bill. I hope it will be
actcd upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved by the
Senator from Tennessee to postpone the consid-
eration of the Oregon bill; and upon this motion
the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 45; as follows:
YfiAS—Messrs. Chandler, Durkee, Hale, flendei^on,
Johnson of Tennessee, Toombs, Ti umbuU. and Wade—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bislcr, Busjhr,
Broderick, ftiown, Clark, Clay, Clingman, Coliamer, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dixon, Doahftle, Douglas, Fessenden, Fitz-
patnek, -Toot, foster, Gieen, Gvvin, Hamlin, Hammond,
Flatlan, Houston, Iverson, John-on ot Aikansas, Jones,
Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Rice, Sebastian,
Seward, Shield-, Simmons, SUdel!, Stuait, Sumner, Wil-
son, Wright, and' Yuloe—45. /
So the motion to postpone was not agreed/to.
.ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The Senate, as m Committee ot the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 239)
for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the preamble
in the second line after the word " republican" to
insert the words "in form." The preamble re-
cites that the people of Oregon have formed a re-
publican constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if the question
pending is not on the postponement of the bill
until the first Monday in December, and if this
amendment is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown,
in the chair.) The present occupant of the chair
is informed that the question is on posi poning the
bill unti! the fiiwt Monday in December next.
Mr DOUGLAS. Upon that I ask for the yeas
and nays as a test question.
The yeiw and nays were ordered.
Mr FITZPATRICK. I am a member of the
Comm'tt'-c on Territories, and occupying the po-
sition 1 do, I meiely rise to state the reasons that
will influence me in my vote on this matter. It
was not my fortune to concur with the majority
of the committee in reporting this bill—not that I
object to the admission of any State that comes
here in a form to entitle her to admission, but I
think the Senate has witnessed enough m the last
few years to be satisfied that we should have some-
thing like a general rule or genera! law regulating
the admission of new States, it is no ordinary
matter to constitute a sovereign State.
My great difficulty in not coming to an agree-
ment with my colleagues of the committee on this
subject, arose from the fact that we are entirely
destitute of anything like reliable information as
to the population of this Territory. When this
question was under consideration a few days ago
it was the opinion of one Senator that the popu-
lation was, perhaps, between forty and fifty thou-
sand; and another Senator entertained the belief
that, perhaps, it would approximate eighty thou-
sand. Now, I ask you, sir, is there a Senator on
this floor who can state what the population of
Oregon is? Is this to be the settled policy of
the country, that new Territories are to come into
the Union without any rule or regulation, on a
mere statement of the beliel of Senators or other
individuals that it contains the requisite popula-
tion? Is that sufficient ground for the admission
of a new State:1
So far as the constitution of Oregon is con-
cerned, if it suits the people of that lerntory, I
hold that I have no right to go beyond that and
|; mold a constitution for them,provided it does not
11 violate the Constitution of the United States. But
, it will be recollected that at the last session of the
' Senate there was a bill pending to passan enabling
act for Oregon,- It was not passed; and in the
, very teeth of that, no matter from what cause it
!; was defeated, we find the people organizing a con-
|! vention, establishing a constitution, and sending
: it here for admission. All this results from the
j loose manner in which we receive information in
|| regard to the population of Territories. I have no
; complaints to setup in regard to the constitution
;; of Oregon; but I do say, that before we undertake
! to admit a new State into the Union, Congress
■: should have some regular and fixed rule by which
States should be constituted, and also authentic
information as to her population.
Now, sir, I ask again, what evidence have we
. as to the real amount of population? We have
, none but the statements of gentlemen. No doubt
' they speak from the best information they have;
ijbut is that the kind of information the Senate
!j should require before admitting a new State ? I
say it is not; and I say it is time for the Senate
j, to pause, and to establish some law^ some rule,
II some regulation, by which to govern the admis-
j! sion of new States. The Committee on Ternto-
: ries, conscious of the fact, reported a bill, which
is now on your table, lequiring the State to have
; the Federal population before coming into the
i Union. It is a good bill; and I intend to yield it
my support when it comes up. I wish it was the
: law now.
i What is to be accomplished by the admission
, of Oregon at this time ? This happens to be a case
| where we have ample time to do that Territory
justice, if entitled to admission, and at the same
i tune to act ourselves understanding^ on the sub-
ject. In voting to postpone, as I shall, until the
J. next session of Congress, I shall do so for the
I purpose of allowing Congress time to pass a bili
': to authorize the Territory to take a census, and
: report it to us at our meeting m December next.
■ When that is done we shall have the facts before
II us in an authentic form, on which the Senate can
j I form some reasonable and proper conclusion as to
j the population of the Territory, before we admit
1 it into the Union asa State. I think it is the safer
mode. We have ali been driven,by the force of
; circumstances, to .admit a State short of tin; re-
l' quisite populafon. It is unnecessary to allude to
that, because Senators are familiar with the facts,
j' But here is a Territory where nothing could beac-
, complished by us admission now. They could
. not send Senators here during this session. They
could accomplish nothing between now and the
' next session of Congress, except to send us a cen-
' sus, and let us know whether they have sufficient
| population to entitle them to admission or not.
Oregon has been modest about this. She has
not attempted to force Senators upon us. She has
' not gone through the forms of electing State uffi-
 , cers, hut has acted with becoming respect, and
with adiffidence that satisfied me that she doubted,
i1 under the circumstances, that she would he ad-
:! nutted. Therefore, although I dislike to casta
i! vote of this kind, because I would as promptly
, vote to admit a ftce State as a slave S:ate when
!■ she presents herselfwtth a clear record, showing
clearly that she is entitled to admission—my acts
:i have shown that; but, as m this case, nothing
j! can be accomplished by action, and no detriment
can accrue to Oregon by a postponementuntil the
first Monday of December, postpone it, and then
■, pass an enabling act, ascertain her population,
■ and then, if it comes approximately towards the
number required to entitle a State to one member
j' under the Federal ratio, I am inclined to think
, Congress will admit the State.
! Mr. GW1N. I am sorry to hear the announee-
] ment, which has been made by my friend from
■ Alabama, in view of the fact that for four or five
months we have been engaged m nothing else but
making a State out of a Territory where no cen-
,■ sus had been taken, and where it is acknowledged
there is not as large a population as there is in
Oregon; and he has been one of the most earnest
advocates for admitting that State. I acknowl-
■ edge that there were rather extraordinary circum-
stances urged as an excuse for doing it, but it has
been done. I am sorry to see him now rise and
; oppose the admission of Oregon on the ground of
1 a want of population, when it is notorious that
her population is larger, and is m a better condi-
tion to support a State government, than that of
Kansas. He says we have no testimony in re-
gard to the population. What testimony had we
m the case of Kansas? What other testimony
did we require than that she had sent a constitu-
tion here under the proper legal sanctions, as Or-
egon has done ? Was there any enabling act to
authorize Kansas to send us a constitution here?
Why is thatohjection made to Oregon now, when
we have admitted Kansas? I am sorry to per-
ceive that some of those who sustained *the ad-
mission of Kansas, now oppose the application
of Oregon.
We have the best test of the population in Or-
egon that can possibly be given. It is the test of
the poll-books; which prove that poll-tax is paid
there upon upwards of sixteen thousand adults.
I expect the Senator's own State cannot show a
poll-list of double that amount, and it has seven
members of Congress. We only ask one for
Oregon.
Wc have another good test. They bring up
a vote that was cast when this constitution was
adopted; and there was no excitement, no con-
test. I have the host evidence—from the gentle-
man who was before the people running at the
time—that, at an election held nearly two years
ago, there were between seventeen and eighteen
thousand votes polled. That was a contested elec-
tion. There never was better evidence of a fixed
population in any Territory of this Union than
there is in Oregon. As I stated before, there are
more families in Oregon now than there were in
California when she wasadmitted with two mem-
bers. I was reported as saying more than there
are now in California. That is not what I said.
I am sorry to see this objection to the admis-
sion of Oregon coming from the quarter it does,
and at this particular time, because the Territory
of Oregon has approached this stage deliberately.
The question has been before the people there
thiee times. Twice the people rejected the prop-
osition to call a convention because they were of
opinion at that time that it was not expedient to
assume the expenses and responsibilities of a State
government. They bave approached it gradually,
after disenssmgthe matter for years,and now they
have formed this constitution and sent it here.
They have formed it in peace and quietude; they
have had no disturbance. Under this constitu-
tion an election will be held during the next month;
they will elect a complete State government, and
I assure my friend from Alabama they will put it
into operation, and it is the only government that
will be there, whether you admit her as a State
or not. I did not expect ever to have to answer
any arguments coming from my friend from Ala-
bama against tins measure. I wish now to refer
to an objection that was brought forward by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] when
tins question was up before.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia answer me a question? I should like, if
th'"1 Senator can infoi m me, to know what was the
aggregate of the vote given at the time they voted
iri favor of forming a State constitution '
Mr. G WIN. between ten and eleven thousand.
Mr. HAMLIN. And what was the vote given
on each Pide '
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think only a couple of thou-
sand votes were cast against the constitution, a
very small amount—perhaps less than that.
Mr. SEWARD. Two thousand five hundred
votes were cast against the constitution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Was there not a direct prop-
osition submitted to the people of that Territory
—wiU you form a constitution ?
Mr. GW1N. That was done the year before,
and they voted in favor of it.
Mr. ft AM LIN. What was the vote on that*'
Mr. GWiN. I am not prepared to say what
that vote was. It was closely contested for three
elections. Twice the proposition was rejected,
and the last time it was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to know what that last
vote was ?
Mr. GWIN. I stated thatthere had been seven-,
teen or eighteen thousand votes polled m a con-
tested election wiien all the people came out.
Whether or not that was on the occasion? when
the people agreed to call the convention, I cannot
say. I got my information as to the number of
votes, from General Lane, the Delegate. I was
going to answei an objection made by the Senator
