1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
value in the market, so that the legal valuations
might be revised, if there was any necessity for
it. We fixed the value of molasses at twenty-
four cents a gallon, and there was a duty of
twenty-five per cent, on it. I ask the Senators
from Louisiana whether there has been a time,
within the last fifteen years, when the Louisiana
planters would not have preferred this to any duty
that has been laid? It is not too high to-day. Last
year, when molasses was fifty cents a gallon, the
(Senators from Louisiana would have been per-
fectly satisfied with a duty of six cents a gallon,
because they were well enough off without any
duty at all; and if the price should come down to
ten cents a gallon, they would want as much as
six cents duty to prevent the foreign article driving
them out of the market. Such a system would
keep the revenue steady, but it did not happen to
talce with the political notions of the day, and it
went by the board.
Then, as to sugar, that report contained this
scale of valuation:
" Brown or raw sugar produced at, and imported directly
from, places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, at six cents
per pound ; from all other places, and sirup ot sugar-cane,
in casks or otherwise, at seven ecnts per pound ; wlnte-
clayed sugar, and all sugar in advance of brown or raw
sugar, and not refined, in whole or in part, at ten and one
half cents per pound.55
Now, I wish to invite the attention of Senators
from Pennsylvania to the valuations imposed by
this report on iron, to see if it would not have
furnished, during the last fifteen years, a good
rule for estimating the duties on iron:
" Iron, and manufactures of iron, shall be valued as fol-
lows—that is to say: iron ca<t into pigs or kentledge shall
be valued at thirty-two dollars per ton ; fiuers', or run-out
iron, being non in advance of pig iron, at fosty dollar* per
ton; cast into vessels, at five cents per pound ; glazed cast-
ings, sad irons, hatters' and tailors' irons, and all castings 1
and vessels of cast non not in the lough, ashom the mold, !
or having any addition of wrought iron attached, at ten j
cents per pound; statuary castings, at twenty-five cents i
per pound; castings of all other knul?, at ninety-five dol- !
Jars per ton ; all old and scrap iron, fit only to bo romanu- j
factured, at twenty-eight dollais per ton; hammered iion, 1
in bars or bolt, not manufactuied in whole or m pan by
rolling, at eighty dollars per ton ; anchors and anvils, and
parts thereof, at eight cents par pound; chain cables, or
parts thereof, in links or othei wise, manufactured in whole
or in part, at one hundred and forty dollars per ton; chains
of iron of all other kinds, or parts thereof, at two hundred
dollars per ton ; cannon, at six cents per pound ; screws
weighing twenty-five pounds and upward, at ten cents per
pouftd; iron in blooms, loops, slabs, or other forms less fin-
ished than iron in bars or bolts, shall be valued the same as
iron in bars or bolts.
«Railroad Iron.—Iron prepared to be laid upon railways
or inclined planes, without further mauulactuie, shall be
valued at sixty-five dollais per ton, subject to the proviso
in the fifth section of the act appioved the lltii day of Sep-
tember, 1841, entitled 'An act relating to duties and draw-
backs:' Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
include chains, pins, or spikes, as raihoad iron."
I do not believe there could have been a valua-
tion of iron which would have given more encour-
agement to the manufacture of iron than this val-
uation of it, had it stood without alteration for the
last fifteen years; and you would have avoided
all the quarrels we have Iiad about protection and
valuation. The Committee on Manufactures, in
1842, recommended a duty of twenty-five per cent,
upon the principal articles of importation. The
only exceptions to this rule were sugars and the
finer manufactures of iron, which were put at
thirty per cent. This was done after consulta-
tion with the iron masters of Pennsylvania, who
Jiad made heavy outlays for machinery to enable
them to make a finer species of iron, and they
thought they ought to have an additional duty
of five per cent, for a time at least. The sugar
planters of Louisiana were also consulted. I was
introduced by Mr. Preston, then a Senator from
South Carolina, to his brother, who was a large
sugar planter in Louisiana. He stated, with frank-
ness, that a duty of twenty-five per cent, would
afford ample protection to the large sugar makers,
butit was doubtful whether men of limited means,
who had to hire the capital necessary to enable
them to carry on the business, in a State where
the leo-al rate of interest was ten per cent., could
sustain the competition. As this was a new busi-
ness, and the small planters had to make nearly
as expensive an outlay for machinery as those who
produced ten times as much, it was feared that the
effect of a twenty-five per cent, duty would bo to
break down the small planters. The committee,
therefore, unanimously recommended putting
sugar at thirty per cent, duty as an exception
I make this statement to relieve myself from
the change of ever having undertaken to make a
high tariff in this country, which I understood to
be the intimation of the Senator from Mississippi.
After a few years' discussion in the country, these
modern reformers came in and fixed different rates
of duty, from five to one hundred per cent. That
they called leveling! That is your tariff of 1846.
Now I desire to know whether the Senator from
Virginia objects to adding to this bill a provision
against frauds on the revenue ? I will go with him
as far as lean, in supplying the temporary wants
of the Government. I only ask him to provide
that the Government shall not continue to be the
victim of outrageous frauds. I shall take pleasure
in voting for the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] because 1 think the
rates of du ty were changed last spring without a
proper understanding of what was done. It was
done in the night, and pretty much in the same
hurried manner that we were precipitated into
the consideration of this bill a day or two ago. I
think, however, that point pught to be considered
by itself; but here and now is the proper place
and time to provide against those frauds to which
I have alluded. If the Senator from Virginia will
agree to do it, I shall take it as an earnest, on his
part, that he wishes to relieve the distresses of the
country—of the laboring men of the country.
I stated, yesterday, that there had not been an
occupant of the Treasuiy Department since the
frainer of the act of 1846 retired from it, who
had not recommended to Congress to change the
system in some way, so as to prevent frauds; and
allusion was made this morning to the views of
Mr. Guthrie, the last occupant of the Treasury
Department. The existence of these frauds is
admitted. The Senator from Mississippi admits
it. It is evident that you cannot properly value
a thing when you do not see it; but let us bring
the valuation under the eye of our officers, let us
value the goods in the city of New York, and
you cannot fail to get at the correct valuation. I
submit to the Senator from Virginia that a home-
valuation system, with a provision allowing the
duties to be taken in kind where fraud was sus-
pected, would do away with all disposition to
fraud. Then a man would know that a fraudu-
lent entry and appraisal of his merchandise would
be detected; and this, after all, is the surest pre-
ventive of fraud. That is all I ask. Hereafter,
when the subject comes up, I shall be willing to
fix the duties at such an amount as the friends of
the Administration think will give us an ade-
quate revenue, provided they be kept on the^ ar-
ticles on which they are now imposed, and be
laid uniformly on them. I cannot see why the
manufactures of cotton should be put at nineteen
per cent, in the bill of the last session, while all
other manufactures are at twenty-four per cent.
If anybody can give mo any sort of reason for
that, I should like to hear it. That branch of
manufacture in this country reaches §80,000,000
or §100,000,000 a year; it consumes six hundred
thousand bales of cotton per annum; it did that
ten years ago; and but for your ruinous disciim-
ination against it as a market! interest for the dis-
approbation of the Government, it would have
consumed one million two hundred thousand
bales of cotton this year. I never could conceive
why this distinction was made against that great
interest of the country. If there is any reason
for the distinction, let it remain where it is; but
wherever it is put, whether at five or at thirty per
cent., let whatever is stipulated for our security
in our own market be fairly and honestly carried
out. That is ail I ask, and I think it will be
accomplished by the amendment which I have
drawn up in the most simple form.
At some othei- time I may speak about the con-
duct of the present Administration; I do not mean
to go back. I should not say a word in regard
to it now, but that, since I spoke yesterday, I
have read more of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The Senator from Mississippi tells
us that Congress is to blame for the appropria-
tions; that the Executive has nothing to do but
fairly and effectually to carry out the laws which
Congress may pass. Did I understand him cor-
rectly ?
Mr. DAVIS. Not quite.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would not misrepresent
the Senator for the world.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not say the gentleman mis-
represented me, but I do not think he quite under-
stood me. The Executive is responsible, for ius
recommendations; but if •< _
and makes appropriations to carry'them .out,
say it is not fair then for Congress to turn rqund,
and arraign the Executive for the expenditure
which has resulted; and when Congress adopts
measures without the recommendation of the Ex-
ecutive, and, perhaps, against his known will, it
is still less fair for Congress then to array the-
aggregate of expenditures against him.
Sir. SIMMONS. That is not exactly the ppintj
but it comes near it. Now, I wish to ask the Sen-
ator -from Mississippi whether he thinks it,the.
duty of the Executive to carry out the measures
of Congress, if adopted without his recommend-
ation ?
Mr. DAVIS. I should say so. If the Pres-
ident signs an act of Congress, it becomes a lajv,
and he cannot fail to carry it out.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, then, I wish to ask th.e
friends of the Administration by what authority
they carry #17,000,000 of the appropriations of
the last year to the current expenses- of the' pres-
ent year? If your rule be as stated by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, and you go upon strict con«
struction, I desire an explanation of that; and I
desire to know, too, how the Executive can,put
himself in the place of Congress, and refuse to
carry out one fourth afits appropriations. I no-
ticed in the President's message a statement that
he would withhold certain appropriations,but he
assured us that they would be of sucl* a character
that no harm would he done to the cp^ntr7 by,
suspending the execution Ot the jaw'. As 1 un-
derstand my rights here, if I vote for an appro-
priation and it receives the sanction of both.
Houses of Congress and the approval of the Ex 
j ecutive, it is not then to be as he says, but as we,
say. I hope Senators wilt explain this matter.
| No doubt it will be excused, for we want money,
; and everybody would be glad that there was so
j much unexpended if it was only in the Treasury;
but it is all gone, and the law has been violated.
I shall not go into that, however; I merely give
notice that I shall want to have an explanation
of it. I am glad that I now know what the law-
is on this point. If there is any excuse for not
carrying it out, let the excuse be given; and if it
be at all reasonable, I shall accept it with pleas-
ure, for I do not mean to arraign the Executive.
Mr. President, I have stated the proposition
which I desire to add to this bill as an amendment.
Let the Senator from Virginia fix a reasonable
time when it shall take effect, and I will not dis-
agree with him as to that. 1 desire to accomplish,
the object in a reasonable and proper way. I
trust he will accede to my proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it due to myself,and du«
to the Senator from Rhode Island, that I should
say to him—and I have waited for that purpose
until the close of his speech—that, in referring to
the advice he gave to the cotton-planting interest,
I did not do so, as I supposed, in a manner to
induce the belief that any offense had been taken
because advice was given, or that he was consid-
ered unfit to give advice. Certainly no offense
was felt. I did not intend so to express myselfr
and recognizing him as one who had long been,
at the head of the manufacturers of cotton, I was.
quite ready to listen, and I did listen, attentively
and respectfully; but we view the matter in dif-
ferent lights, and may arrive at different conclu-
sions. 'Whilst I receive his proposition that the
two ends of the fiber should be brought together#
i as a very good figure of fraternization, he will oi
course allow me to say it was a very bad propo-
sition for the cotton spinner, as by that means he
1 would never make a cotton thread, [laughter;}
and it is somewhat encouraging to the cotton
planter, because it offers a hope that our nap c.ot-.
ton will receive from him.a better beed in future,
where the fiber is only bent, not .the two ends
brought together. ,
But we will let that pass. I will no w say that
I hope always to receive any suggestions which
the Senator may make for a common interest, m
that spirit in which I am sure it will be offered,
and with that respect which is due to his inform-
ation and judgment.- In any reply that I may
hereafter make, I wish to assure him in advance,
that if my manner should be earnest, he is not
therefore to infer that I have become offended,or
suppose he has assumed more than I was filling
to grant.
' Mr. SIMMONS. I have not the slightest ap-
