2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
from New Hampshire. He objects to the admis-
sion of Oregon, because the constitution made by
the people of Oregon excludes Chinese from the
new State; and he intimated that that was a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I think that is one of the
best provisions in their constitution. The Chinese
population who visit the Pacific coast are a pes-
tiferous race. They are like the caterpillars and
grasshoppers that afflict the country on this side
of the njountains. They do not add to the wealth
of the country; but. they take away from it. They
are nor citizens; they aie not recognized as citi-
zens. They are a poor, miserable, degraded, slav-
ish race; and we are of opinion in California—
though we cannot trace it home to the parties, for
they keep their own secrets—that four fifths of
them are slaves; that they have masters in China,
to whom they transput the proceeds of their la-
bors. It would be a great blessing to us in Cali-
fornia if we were clear of them entirely. They
have never brought us any benefit; they hang
about the purlieus of our cities, the most degraded
population; they come in behind American citi-
zens in mining districts that have been tempo-
rarily abandoned; and, living on a mere handful
of rice a day, they gather up the gold that is left,
and ship it out of the country.
Oregon having witnessed the operations of this
population in California, has wisely determined
that she will not allow them to take mining claims,
or. have a permanent abode in that new State, it
is hard to tell what will be the ultimate fate of the
Chinese population in my own State, and what
will be the conscquence of their coming there.
They bring no permanent ami useful improve-
ment to the country—I mean the great mass that
go to the mines, and such as would go into Oie-
gon, if they were permitted. If we had consid-
ered in California that we had the power to pro-
hibit their landing there, 1 believe the State would
long since have passed laws fur that purpose; but
it was considered that the power was lodged m
Congress.
Another objection is made to the constitution
of Oregon, because it piolubits coSoted persons
from going into the State. That objection amounts
to nothing; that provision of the constitution of
Oregon meets my oolite approbation, if, in 1849,
the decision which has been rendered in the recent
Dred Scott case had been made, we should have
prohibited their going into California. Our people
want none but the white tare among us; we do
not want negroes or Chinese,and we should have
excluded negroes by the constitution, as we have
by a recent act of the Legisfuuie of our State, if
the O; cd Scott dn'iMnn had been made at the Urue
our constitution was tonm-d. If Oregon bead-
nutted under this constitution there will bo m the
States on (lie Pacific coast no provision for the col-
ored race, and 1 have no doubt they will be ex-
cluded from the remaining territory there. These
Chinese are not recognized as citizens; thev are
not looked upon as a portion of our population;
they are not permitted by the laws to give testi-
mony in court. They are a degraded race, and [
want to get clear of all such. Oregon, in myopin-
lon, had done well in ex< lading both Chinese and
negroes.
Air. I?ITZPATIIICK. I am surprised that my
friend from Cahfoi ma should suppose I have any-
thing like hostility to the admission of Oiegon as
a State. My inclinations are of a different char-
acter, and 1 would vote for her admission if I was
satisfied she had the requisite population. I as-
sume the simple ground that we are not in pos-
session of sufficient mateuals to enable Confess
to judge whether she has the proper population or
not. That is the ground I take; and furthei I say
•we have ample tune nosv to allow Congress to ob-
tain the information by passing an act authoriz-
ing the taking of a census in that Teiritory. What
objection can be made to that?
The Senator alludes to the fact that we have
been discussing for the last four months, the
application of another Terutoiyfor admission.
ThatSenatorvery well knows that thatTerntory
has been a Pandora's box of evils to the country,
so far as its peace and quietness are concerned,
until the country is nauseated and sick of the
bloodshed and disorders which have occurred m
that Territory. We did not touch the matter of
population there, because everybody, I believe,
in some shape or other, voted to admit the State
and turn it over to the people of Kansas. I say
it is time now to pause, especially in the face of
the fact th^t these exam pies grow into precedents.
You organize Territories and admit States almost
by magic. Territories are coming up at every
session. Without being organized, you find two
or three persons claiming to be Delegates from a
remote Territory, never known of before as a sep-
arate Territory. There is one such case now,
that of Arizona; so of Dacotah. What evidence
have we of the population of either of those Ter-
ritories ? I am on the Territorial Committee, and
it has been my duty to inquire into the facts; and
it is meie guess work. I ask, on the testimony
before us, when all the time that is necessary to
obtain the requisite information exists between
this and the next session of Congress, is it right
to force a Territory in as a State merely because
she is asking to be admitted?
I say not. It is unsafe. This is a bad pre-
cedent. If we persist in the course we are now
pursuing, it will go into the settled policy of the
country. It is not right; it is not just to Con-
gress; it is unjust to the other States. You admit
a Statu he re,-and, so far as Senators are concerned,
you put her on an equality with the great State
of New York, and, in fact, with all the other
States in this Union, without knowing whether
she has ten thousand or fifteen thousand votes.
The highest vote given in Oregon, it is said, is
twelve thousand, and that is the information de-
rived Aom gentlemen who seem to have a knowl-
edge of that Territory. No doubt they believe it
to be so, and the fact, is as they state; but does
Congress have it in the form in which they should
have information on a question before them ? I
say not; and wc all know no such information is
here.
Now, where is the necessity of precipitating
the admission of this Territory as a State into
the IJn.on ? There is ample time, as T before re-
ma i kod, to obtain the information that is required,
and to say to distant Territories, before you pre-
sent yourselves for admission, give us the facts
that will justify Congress in admitting you. No
opinionsof tfiegentlemen who sit behind me con-
trol me in this matter. In relation to the peculiar
opinions of the Senator fiom New Ilampsluie,
[ATr. II \i.Ej] they are lus own. I do not in the
least sympathize with him, as he and all the Son-
ate know. As to the exclusion of the particular
population to which the Senator rcf"rred, 1 have
nothing to say. It is with the people of the Slate
themselves to detcimine, when they are forming
their ojganic law, who shall and who shall not.
constitute a portion of their population, provided
they keep within the pale of the Constitution of
the United States.
I would not h.'vo said a v/oid in regaid to this
mattet, but for the fUct of my being connected
with the <'.onmnttee on Territories, and it has
been stated overand over again that the commit-
tee had repoi ted this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The grounds assigned by
the Senator from Alabama for voting in favor
of the motion of my colleague to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until December
next, are very pertinent to the object he has in
view, but yetfuiuish good reasons to me why I
should resist the motion. The object of the post-
ponement is,as avowed by the mover and by the
Senator from Alabama, to ascertain what the pop-
ulation of Oreiron is, with a view of knowing
whether she ought to be admitted or not. That
would seem to indicate a line of policy that Ore-
gon may be admitted whenever she has a popu-
lation of ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty, that being the ratio of repiesentation for
a member of Congress; but is not to be admitted
until she shall have that population. I am will-
ing to agree to that as a general rule, as the Sen-
ate well know. I endeavored in lt>5(j to apply it
to Kansas. 1 have endeavored this year to apply
it to Kansas and ail otherTerritories. I am ready
now to apply it to all the Territories except Kan-
sas and Oregon. It having been adp.dged that m
the inchoate State of Kansas a less population
was sufficient, I desire to apply the same principle
to the inchoate State of Oregon.
My friend from Alabama gives as a reason, not
only the want of sufficient population in Oregon,
but the want of an enabling act. Let me remind
him that both these objections existed in the case
of Kansas.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I beg to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that I did not give that as a
reason, for I knew very well that it is within the
discretion of Congress to admit a State without
an enabling act.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator thinks it
wise to have an enabling act, allowing Oregon to
come in as a State whenever she shall have the
proper population. I am rather glad to see him
arriving at that conclusion. I have been struggling
in this body during the whole of the past winter
against the heresy that the organic act of a Terri-
tory was of itself an enabling act. The regularity,
the legality of the convention in Kansas, has been
defended solely upon the ground that the organic
act was of itself an enabling act, which justifies
the people of Kansas in proceeding, through their
Legislature, to call a convention and establish a
State government whenever they chose, without
the consent of Congress. Sir, if the organic act
of Kansas was an enabling act, the organic act
of Oregon was also an enabling act. If the Kan-
sas convention had the legal authority to establish
a government without the consent of Congress,
and demand admission, then the convention of
Oregon had the same legal right to establish a gov-
ernment, and demand admission without the assent
of Congress. The legislative power of the one
Territory was precisely the same as the other.
Each had the legislative authority granted in the
same language, to wit: " that the legislative power
and authority of the said Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Constitution of the United States and the pro-
visions of this act." If that language gave to the
Territorial Legislature in Kansas the authority to
call a convention and establish a government, it
gave the same authority in Oiegon.
Wc have been told all the winter, that to refuse
to admij?Kansas when she came with a legal, valid
constitution, was to reject her from the Union—
and it was to be a cause of dissatisfaction. I dis-
sent from the doctime. I claim that a Territory
has no right to demmd admission until Congress
has passed an enabhngaet giving its assent to her
forming a constitution and Stafe'government for
that purpose. I say a Territory nny petition
Congress in the form and with the authority only
of {i petition for admission without that requisite
population and without that previous assent. But,
sir, they cannot establish a State government;
they cannot put a State government in operation;
they cannot demand admission as a right, until
Congress has given its assent. Hence the legal
authority of the convention in Kansas; and the
convention in Oregon rests on precisely the same
foundation, if you admit the proceeding to have
been regular m each case. In Kansas the regu-
lantyand fairness of the proceedings were dis-
puted. In Oregon they are undisputed. No man
denies that the convention was regulaily called
by the Legislature; no man denies that there was
a fur election m the selection of the delegates; no
man denies that the constitution was fairly sub-
mitted to the people—not only the constitution
as a whole, but the slavery clause separately and
the free-negro clause separately. A fair vote was
given on each, and all and each of them were rat-
ified by an overwhelming majority.
There is no dispute but that this constitution,
presented by the people of Oregon, is the act and
deed of her people, and embodies their will. Then
why should she not be received into the Union?
Simply, because she has not the requisite popu-
lation, we are told. Sir, she has confessedly more
population than Kansas—ten, fifteen, twenty thou-
sand more than Kansas. I concede that, m my
opinion, she has not the full population required,
according to the ratio, for a member of Congress;
I do not believe she will have it for two years to
come; and, therefore, the proposition to postpone
until December, in order to usceitain the popula-
tion, is a proposition indirectly to keep her out; it
is a proposition to kill the bill of admission. Sir,
if you are going to do so, it is infinitely better, in-
finitely fairer, to kill it on a direct vote, so that the
people of Oregon may know what their fate is.
Under the provisions of this constitution the
election comes on in June, and the State govern-
ment is to be organized in July. If you now re-
ject the bill, the people there will know it in time
to avoid the necessity of going on and establish-
ing a State goveinment; but if vou postpone it
u;kiI next Deeembeij they do not know whether
