94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
December 19,
prehension of being offended at any remarks the
Senator may wake. My solicitude is not to give
offense.
Mr. DAVIS. I take none.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no fear of receiving !
any, I know the charater of the Senate. 1 have j
been here before, though not lately, and I have j
never seen a disposition to give offense to any-
body agreeing with me in sentiment. I may
speak earnestly. I only seek to get out the truth
•without any embellishments. As to the figure
we have wrought, we will not dispute about that.
It is rather too fine spun for me when you go into
fibers. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island that, at the proper time and proper
place, I will agree to any fair proposition for the
purpose of preventing frauds on the revenue. I
will go as far as he who goes furthest for any
proposition which has that object simply, and
which is calculated, in my opinion, to effect it;
but I wish to appeal to him, and other Senators,
whether this is the proper time, and whether, on
this bill, when there is a necessity for urgent
action, we can be expected to ingraft legislation
which is of a character to affect our whole system
of revenue laws? Is this a bill on which we can
make amendments to the tariff, amendments to
the system of appraisement, amendments, I be-
lieve, in the monetary system of the country, and
in the warehousing system ? If lie were to suc-
ceed in ingrafting amendments of that sort, the
only effect would be to kill the bill.
What we want is to know whether the Senate
of the United States will vote for an issue of
Treasury notes to supply the wants of the Gov-
ernment? If they think the bill is insufficient as
it stands, they will amend it as to them seems
good. If they think the amount asked for is not
the proper amount, they will fix that according to
their own views of propriety and necessity. If
the bill, in their opinion, should require further
guards, they will affix those guards; and when
that is done, I hope they will cither vote'the ne-
cessary supplies for the country, or let us know
that they cannot be afforded in this shape. It is
important that we should ascertain this soon, for
the Government is in want of this money. Now,
it is perfectly obvious, that if we depart from the
simple question, whether we will supply the wants j
of the Government in this form and shape, to i
enter into debates on the tariff, or the warehousing j
system, or the monetary system of the country, !
there will be no end to them. The discussion
will go on beyond the Christmas holidays, and
the time will come when the Treasury will run
out for the want of means.
I hope that I may be allowed to urge these con-
siderations on the Senate. I do it with the utmost
respect. I have no disposition to restrain the
utmost latitude of debate. At the proper time,
and on the proper occasion, I shall listen with
great pleasure to the Senator, when he maychoose
to present his views on these great questions.
Whenever the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky come up for consideration, then will
be the time for him to present these views, and to
present whatever amendments or propositions of i
law he may have to offer in regard to the revenue [
system of the country. But, until then, may I ;
i said by my political friends on that subject. All
| I desire to do at this time, (and it seems to me
1 eminently proper,) is to call the attention of the
1 Senate, and of the country, so far as anything
I which may fall from me is worthy to arrest the
! attention of the country, to the present condition
of the nation in view of, and in connection with,
this particular measure as offered at the present
time.
What do we see ? What is the condition of the
country ? We see in the first place the business
of the country paralyzed, and its commerce, both
foreign and domestic, almost entirely destroyed.
, We see its industry unemployed. We see that
j sad spectacle alluded to yesterday by the Senator
| from Rhode Island—willing industry reposing in
involuntary idleness. We see willing hands wait-
ing for employment.and unable to obtain the priv-
ilege of labor. We see, further, the banks of
the country compelled for sixty days to suspend
specie payment;and now, at last, only enabled, as
I believe, with due deference to the distinguished
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] to re-
sume specie payments by the very plethora of
money to which he has alluded, which is occa-
sioned by a total stagnation of business, a total
absence and cessation of new engagements.
In addition to all this, we behold in Europe the
reaction of what has taken place here. We see
England herself, and every commercial nation of
Europe which has had any dealings \vith us, feel-
ing the effect of our troubles. We find that the
excess of trade, the over-importation stimulated
by our own legislation, has at last wrought its
effects in every country which has traded with us;
and that now, through our inability to consume
and pay for what we have purchased from them,
they are suffering themselves; showing that our
system is not only injurious to us, but is also in-
j'urious to those nations in Europe who have been j
supposed to reap benefit from it.
Furthermore, at last we see a bankrupt Gov-
ernment. Only ten months ago when I came here
to take my seat, I found the Senate discussing the
question how they might deplete the Treasury,
how they might reduce the sum of our revenues;
and now this proud nation, by its representa-
tives here, is attempting to borrow money, and
proposes to do it by the issue of paper money.
This is what we sec about us; and I beg leave
to say to the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who, I believe, was in one or
the other Huuse of Congress ten years ago, that
we have now passed through a decade, a period
of ten years, since the financial system inaugu-
rated and established at that time by the Senator
from Virginiaand his political friends, on the ruins
of another and very different system, has been in
effect; and we see, as I think, the fruits, the con-
sequences, or at least the sequences. That the
Senator himself will admit. I believe these fruits
and consequences belong to him and his political
friends; and that he is entitled to the benefit of
them all. 1 lay them at his feet as the trophies
of the victories of the last ten years; and he is at
liberty, if he pleases, to hang them as high as he
chooses, with festive vows and offerings, in the
temple of the party. If not the result of, they
have followed those measures; and that is the
point to which I wish to call the attention of the
not ask gentlemen to suspend, and confine their Senate
amendments to the Treasury note bill itself, to !j Now, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury comes
what pertains to the character of that bill, and to in with his report, stating that " a revulsion in
say, and to say soon, whether they will pass the
bill or not? j
Mr. DIXON. I have not risen, Mr. President, !
with the view of opposing this bill. Certainly i
I should not, at this time, and in this body, inter-
pose any factious objection to it. I believe, as
the Senator from Virginia has just said, that the |
Treasury wants money, and must have it; and, ;
for one, I am disposed that the majority of the j
Senate here should obtain the supplies necessary 1
in the manner that seems to them fit and proper.
country what this issue is. I wish it, further-
more, to be understood that this issue of paper
money is to be locked up, as I suppose, in the
sub-Treasury. I take it that this paper money,
which is to be engraved and adorned so as to bear
the semblance of bank bills, the semblance of cur-
rency, and act the part of a currency, is to be
locked up in the sub-Treasury, or it is to be
exchanged for specie which is to be locked up
there. This and the sub-Treasury are to act hand
in hand; the two are to go together. Is not that
an abandonment, at least temporarily, of the en-
tire sub-Treasury system ?
1 do not propose now to go into a. discussion
of the sub-Treasury.' I do not even propose to
say that I am opposed to it as a financial measure.
I barely wish to call the attention of the Senate to
this peculiar circumstance. We were told that
the sub-Treasury was to prevent all contraction
or expansions; that it was a great conservative
power; that it was to prevent over-importations;
that it was to protect our country; that it was to
save the banks, or at least, to save the Govern-
ment. This much at least I may say in regard to
the sub-Treasury without contradiction; itwillbe
admitted by its warmest friends that it has shown
itself powerless for the good which was predicted
in regard to it. It has shown itself unable to pro-
vent expansions, unable to prevent contractions,
unable to prevent over-importations, unable to
prevent the ruin and distress which have been
spread far and wide throughout the country. Fur-
thermore,it has failed in that last benefit which it
was said it would at last confer; it has been un-
able to save the Government; and we now find,
under this sub-Treasury system, the Government
unable to collect its duties and in a bankiupt con-
dition. We see, in the great ports of the country,
the warehouses filled with foreign importations
which an impoverished people at this very time
are unable to consume.
I wish I could believe, with the distinguished
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] that this
evil was entirely temporary, and that the recovery
would be as rapid as the fall. That I understand
to be his statement. Why, sir, I read not long
since, in an extract from a speech of that distin-
guished Senator—and I always read everything
he utters with deference and respect and admi-
ration—a prediction of the very state of things
now existing, even to the specification of the sus-
pension of specie payments; and that prediction
was founded entirely upon the system of financial
government pursued by the gentleman from Vir-
finia and his political friends. His prediction
as been fulfilled. I trust that his prediction now
will be equally true, but I cannot believe it. Al-
though he showed himself then aprophet indeed,
I cannot believe that his present prediction will
be equally true. I hope it is true of the State of
New York, which he represents here; butin that
part of New England from which I come, in the
State of Connecticut, the troubles of the day are by
no means over. Indeed, sir, if not at their height
and intensity, there is at this time no symptom
of recovery. The only want of money is for
liquidation for the payment of debts. The banks
have money. They can loan money to-day; but
the difficulty with them is to find paper of a busi-
ness character on which they think it safe to make
their loans. There is no apparent relief thus far
from what we have already suffered. I am in
hopes that the brilliant prospect pointed out by
the Senator from New York will prove to be
true; but I think that when we stand here one
year hence, we shall find that then the recovery
has only commenced.
The Secretary of the Treasury sayS that no
relief can be furnished; that the people, although
they suffer more or less in a revulsion, must not
the monetary affairs of the country always occa-
sions more or less of distress among the people."
I think we may agree on that point. " The con-
sequence is, that tlie public mind is directed to the
Government for relief;" and he goes on to say
that no relief can be furnished by the Government.
What does he offer? What is his measure? He
proposes (I do not say that it is not at this time ; look to the Government for relief. That is the
a necessary measure; perhaps it is, in the present jj old story; it is not new. He only offers to us a
state of the country) the issue of §20,000,000 of;! bankrupt law for the banks. That is the only
     r ti paper money, in the strictest sense of that term; !i measure of relief, with the exception of this issue
I desire to take no responsibility with regaril to |i money which is to be paid out by the Government t; of paper money, which, to say the least of it, is
it, except so far as may be involved in my own :l f~- l— ,K" r~" !     ii,,.
vote.
Nor, sir, do I intend at this time to go into any
discussion with regard to the particular merits or
demerits of the bill itself. That has been done,
as I think, effectually, ably, and thoroughly, by
the Senator from Rhode Island, and by other Sen-
ators who have spoken on this side of the Cham-
ber. In the main, I agree with all that has been
for debts due by the Government; money which asinconvertible asany money issued by the banks
is to pass by delivery; which is to circulate from ji during the suspension. My belief is that there is
' ' ' 1 ' ------ ! a re]jcf can |Je offered by this Government.
hand to hand; which is inconvertible into specie;
which will not anywhere command specie, except
by the voluntary exchange of it for specie. In
every sense of the term, by every definition, it is ;
paper money in the old sense. That is what the i
Government now proposes to issue.
I think it was pointed out by the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island yesterday. I believe
that the distinguished Senator from Virginia, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, has the
talent and the ability, if he had the will, (and I
I wish it to be understood by the people of this !' know he wishes to do all he can for the country,)
