nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IS,
them. I want to see who will and who will not
indorse him. I want this thing done upon the
square. Brigham Young throws down the gaunt-
let. He wants war; let us give it to him. We
know the power of appeal. Let war rage in the ■
Territory of Utah, under doubtful circumstances,
and you -will hear appeals copse up to us from
every State of the Union. I have seen a jury
shed tears under the eloquence of the advocate,
while defending the most unworthy criminal that
ever stood charged at the bar; and if this Mormon
war shall commence under circumstances that will
permit it to he an element of party warfare, the
Mormons will not be -without their defenders.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. You will re-
member, Mr. Speaker, the very judicious recipe
of Mrs. Glass far the coo-king of fish; first catch
the fish. And I would like to inquire of the dis-
tinguished gentlemSDn from Mississippi, [Mr.
GUjitman,] and also of the distinguished gentle-
mall from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] if they have
considered whether there is any legal authority
whatever for the use of the additional military
force proposed to be raised under the bill, or under
the substitute before the House ? It seems to me
that there is now, bylaw, no authority whatever
for the use of this additional military force, or of
any military force of the country, in Utah, under
any state of things that has existed, that now ex-
ists, or that will probably exist hereafter; and
that if there is to oe an addition to the military
force of the country, both the bills before the
House ought to be amended. The bill of the ma-
jority of the committee shouldJbe amended in the
sixth line of the fourth section, by adding, after
the words " President of the United States," the
following words: " be, and lie is hereby, author-
ized to employ the military forces of the United
States-,'5 so that there may be authority on the
part of the President to use the military force of
the country, independent of these volunteers, in
Utah. The bill provides that the volunteers to be
raised may be used for the purpose of quelling
disturbances in the Territory of Utah. This
amendment will give the President authority to use
not only these regimentsofvolunteers, butnlsoany
other troops; and it seems to me that that author-
ity ought to be given to him. I do not suppose
that it would be in order to offer this amendment
now, pending the motion to recommit, but i indi-
cate it as one that ought to be made. I would
also suggest the necessity of inserting an amend-
ment in the second section, seventeenth line of
the substitute, as follows:
That the President of the United States H hereby au-
thorized to employ the At my of the Unitfd States for the
purpose of ({uoHiug distmbaiiccs in the Tcmtoiy of Utah.
Now, sir, the Constitution of the United States
authorizes the President to see that the laws are
faithfully executed; but this is in subordination
to another section of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that Congress shall have power to provide
by law for the calling out of the mtluia to " exe-
cute the laws of the Union, to suppress insurrec-
tion, and to repel invasion:" so that the power of
the President is under such law, and such law
only, as Congress shall see fit to pass. He has no
othei power. There arc two laws, and only two,
on ourstatute-books, giving authority to the Pres-
ident to use the military power of the country in
any case whatever—the acts of 1795 and 1807. The
act of 1795 provides for the use of the militia of
the States in three cases, and no more. The law
of 1807 provides that wherever he may use the
militia of the States he may use the land and naval
forces of the United States, in such cases and no
others: so that there can be no doubt whatever
that whenever the President may, by law, employ
the militia of the States, he may also, by law,
employ the regular Army or Navy of the United
States. But he can use the Army and Navy only
in those cases Let me read this act of 1807:
"In all ca es of indirection or obiUtuction to the Jaws,
cither of the United States or of any individual State or
Tenitory, where Jt is lawful foi the President of the United
States to call forth the mihtid for the pun pose of suppte b-
mg Mioh insurrection, ot of causing the laws to be duly ex-
ecuted, it shall be lawful for him to employ for the same
purpose such part of the land and naval forces of the United
States as shall he judged necessary, having first observed
all the pierequisitcs of the iavv in that respect."
I-think, then, it is very clear that we must look
to the law of 1795 for ail the eases in which the
Administration has the right to use a military
force, of whatever description, in any case. That
law enacts that, whenever the United States shall
be invaded, or be in imminent danger of invasion
from any foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States to
call forth such number of the militia of the State
or Staters most convenient to the place of danger
or scene of action as he may deem necessary to
repel invasion.
Now, it is not pretended that there is any in-
vasion, or danger of invasion from a foreign State,
or that the Army is to be used, or that this ad-
ditional force is necessary to be used, to repel
any invasion by a foreign nation, or threatened
by such.
And in case of an insurrection in a State, this
act further provides that it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, on the application
I of the Legislature of such State, or of the Gov-
| ernor when the Legislature cannot be convened,
! to call forth such number of the militia of the
| State, or of any other State or States as may be
applied for, as he may judge necessary to sup-
press such insurrection. But there is no law or
authority whatever, and I challenge gentlemen
to produce any, for the President of the United
States to use the militia or the Army—for now,
by the act of 1807, the Army may be used where-
evcr the militia may be—m a Territory. Our
fathers were jealous of executive power; and
they were wisely jealous of the Army; and they
took care that it should not be used against
the people of a State, except there should be a
sufficient and legal occasion—an occasion to be
ascertained by the people themselves, speaking
through their own government. And, sir, wise
was it that the framers of that act did refuse to
grant to the President power to use the militia
and Army of the United Statesagainst the people
of a Territory—against those,indeed, whonught
be the majority of the people—on the call, not of
the Executive elected by them, but of an Execu-
tive whom the President himself had appointed,
thereby authorizing and enabling the President to
m&ke his own occasion—by the removal, if ne-
cessary, of a refractory Governor, and by the
appointment of his own creature—for calling out
the troops for the purpose of oppressing the peo-
ple of a Territory; and who, as I have remarked,
might be the majority of the people, standing in
resistance to a faction.
I think, sir, it was no oversight that the Con-
gress of 1793 neglected to provide that the Presi-
dent should have power, upon his own mere mo-
tion, to call out the Army of the United States for
the purpose of trampling upon the rights of the
people of the Territories. But suppose he is thus
authorized; suppose the President, has the power
to employ the Army or the militia in a Terri-
tory: can he use either in Utah? He can only use
them in Utah (provided he can use them in a
Territory at all) upon the call of the Legislature,
or, when the Legislature cannot be convened, of
the Governor. Thus, sir, if the Legislature is in
session, or can be convened, the President cannot
remove troops to the Territory and use them there,
without the requisition of the Legislature; if not
in session, he must have the call of the Governor.
But, sir, Brigham Young has not sent a requisi-
tion to the President for troops to conquer his own
people, and he will not do it. The Legislature,
which may continue in perpetual session there,
have not callcd upon the President to destroy
their own people, and they will not.
Mr. FAULKNER. Does the gentleman from
Maine regard Brigham Young as the Governor
of Utah r
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon. I had forgotten for the moment
that he was not Governor. But, sir, it makes no
difference, for this reason: the law requires the
Legislature, if in session or if it can be convened,
to ask for troops, before they can be called out
by the President. The Legislature of Utah may
continue in perpetual session; and so long as they
do, the Governor cannot, upon his own motion,
under the law, make a requisition for troops; or
if not in session, they may be in a situation to be
convened at any time. So much, Mr. Speaker,
for the first section of this law. The second sec-
tion provides that whenever the laws of the United
States shall be opposed, or the execution thereof
i obstructed, &c., in any State—not in any Terri-
tory—the militia (or, by act of 1807, the Army)
may be used to enforce the laws. The provisions
of this section do not apply to the Territories at
all; and 1 do notknaw by what authority the Pres-
ident has construed the law to authorize the use
of the military power to enforce the laws of the
United States in one of its Territories. But, even
if this section applied to Territories as well as
States, the President would not be empowered to
use the Army at this time in Utah, to enforce the
laws of the United States. He can only do this
"during the recess of Congress, and until the ex-
piration of thirty days after the meeting of the
next session of Congress." Congress is now in
session, and while they are in session it is for it
to provide for the execution of the laws, if their
execution is obstructed. Congress has taken care
that when they are in session the President shall
look to it for the means and authority to see that
the laws are faithfully executed. It is a tremen-
dous power to be vested in one man, the right to
control the Army and Navy of the United States.
It ought not to be left in the hands of one man,
when it can be exercised by the Representatives
of the people.
Mr. SAVAGE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Maine, if the President has not the authority
to use the Army for the purpose of suppressing
rebellion in a Territory, would he be willing to
give him that authority?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
President should have authority, and authority
equal to the emergency. I have no doubt of that;
not the slightest; and I am willing at any time to
vote for a law that shall give the President what-
ever power is necessary to quell the disturbance
which exists in Utah. I do not believe there is
a gentleman in the House, certainly not on this
side of the House, who will refuse to give the
President that authority. But while there may
be, and, I think, is, a large majority for giving
him authority to use the force now at his com-
mand, I do not believe it is necessary, that there
is any occasion whatever, for enlarging the mili-
tary force of the country. There always has
be^n a wise jealousy in this country against a
large standing army. The pages of history are
covered with examples of the dangers of standing
armies—examples which we now and at all times
shall do well to heed. They are always increas-
ing in numbers and power, and their tendencies
are ever to extravagance—extravagance in all the
departments of the Government—and to the cen-
tralization of power. Mr. Speaker, if we go on
as wc have gone on for the last five or six years
with the Army, its expenses by the year 1865
will bo greater than the entire expenditures of
the Government ought to be. They have already
exceeded the enormous sum of twenty million's
per annum; and where they arc to stop, God
knows. Think of the power twenty millions
give to the arm of the Government which spends
it.
Mr.QJJITMAN. While the gentleman is upon
that point, I would ask him whether the President
of the United States has not the right, by virtue
of his command of the Army and Navy, to send
the Army into any department in this country
where he thinks they ought to be used, nnd
whether, if the troops thus sent are resisted by the
inhabitants of that portion of the country to which
they are sent, he has not the power to reinforce
them, and, if necessary, to fight? I think there
is an entire misapprehension on the part of gen-
| tlemen as to the objects and purposes for winch
the President desires to send additional troops to
Utah. It is to accompany the newly appointed
civil officers of the Territory as a protection to
them, nnd to establish military posts in the de-
partment of Utah, which has now becomc a mil-
itary department of the Government. Now I ask
the gentleman if the President has not the right,
if the troops are obstructed in the performance of
these duties, to repel that obstruction ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not doubt
that the President has the right to station or sub-
sist troops wherever he pleases; but 1 hoid that,
under the Constitution, Congress has the sole and
exclusive right of declaring how, and when, and
where they shall be used in the States and in the
Territories. An officer in command might be
justified, in the case supposed, in resisting, upon
the general law of self-defense. Nothing should
be left unnecessarily to the discretion of the offi-
cers.
