142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong....1st Sess
-Lecemptoh Constitution—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
of this national Legislature- It is not, as it seems
to me, enough to say that this is simply the off-
spring of party spirit, and is not in fact true. That
may be said of any fact proved; ever so clearly, ever
so solemnly. It may be denied; but, unless there
is evidence of its falsity, unless there is something
fkr stronger than a simple denial, I ask whether un-
prejudiced minds can fail to come to the conclu-
sion that this Legislature was really a usurpation;
that those who cam6 into that Territory, con-
quered the Territory as directly through the bal-
lot-box as any people were ever conquered through
the 'cartridge-box ? A subjugation of a people
through the ballot-box is far more complete and
perfect than it ever can be through the cartridge-
box. Wherea people are conquered through the
ballot-box, the forms of law over them are con-
tinued-, and the subjugation appears under a more
mitigated form than when the arm of a con-
queror is openly and palpably stretched out over
them; but the actual subjugation, I repeat, is
more complete.
Not only is this denied, however, as a matter
of fact, but it is also said that, even if the fact be
true, it is now too late, and that this is not the
tribunal to examine those facts. We are con-
cluded, it is said, by the action of -.his Legislature
itself. The question of their election, or the elec-
tion of any members of that body, we are told,
must have been decided by the Legislature itself,
and at all events that body is now to be consid-
ered as having been a lawful Legislature. If I
am right in the claim I make, that the Legislature
was a direct usurpation, the idea of submitting
the question of usurpation or not to the usurpers
themselves, is little less than a mockery. The
present Emperor of France, 1 believe, claims his
throne under an election by the people of that
country. Some of the inhabitants have questioned
whether that election was entnely fair and legal;
but did it ever occur to any of the inventive ge-
niuses of France to submit the question of the le-
gality of theclection tohrs Imperial Majesty,and
3id it ever occur to anybody that, until it was
submitted to him and decided by him, the people
were absolutely prevented from questioning the
legality? What is the difference between one
usurper and a multitude of usurpers in point of
principle ? Why should we submit the question
of usurpation to the many and not to the one? I
think it would be far better, and I should greatly
prefer, under the circumstanccs, to submit it to
the one; for where there is only one, there is a
sense, even ill abandoned men, to some extent, of
individual responsibility; where there is a body
of men together they will do acts which each
alone would scorn to do by himself. There is no
sense of personal responsibility in the one case,
and there is some in the other.
Mr. President, I have endeavored to show that
this Legislature was elected under such circum-
stances as that it was a perfectly unauthorized
body, an illegal body, a body having no authority
to enact laws for any people on the face of the earth;
and to answer, so far as 1 have answered, the objec-
tion that this tribunal chnnot pass upon that ques-
tion. My argument, however, permits me to waive
the objection, and to admit that this so-called Le-
gislature was a legaltribunal, end clothed with all
the authority with which a Legislature could be
clothed under the organic act; and yet 1 arrive at the
same result upon principlcsand authorities which
seem to mo perfectly incontrovertible, in lejrard
to the validity and force with which this consti-
tution comes before us; for I hold it to be estab- ,
ldlied as a perfectly settled principle, m our Gov-
ernment, that a Territorial Legislature cannot call
a convention which shall have any authority
whatever to institute pi oeeedings to create a State |
government. Itis (and this certainly would strike |
every mind on reflection) an inadmissible prm- j
ciple that the territorial government is authorized, j
in and of itself, to institute a government to over- ;
throw itself. I am not going to argue that ques- 1
tion at any length. I allude to authorities on this
subject which seem to me cannot be controverted.
They have been alluded to before. 1 allude to i
the authority ofAttorney"General Butler, during ,
General Jackson's administration, in regard to !
the then Territory, now State, of Arkansas. The !
ffame question arose at that time that arises now, j
in regard to the power of a Territorial Legislature j
to institute proceedings creating a State govern-
ment. The Attorney General, supposed, I take
it, to speak the language of the Cabinet and the
Administration, says on this subject:
"To suppose that the legislative powers granted to the
Genera! Assembly include the authority to abrogate, alter,
or modify the territorial government established by the a,ct
of Congtess, and of which the Assembly is a constituent
part, would be manifestly absurd. The act of Congress,
so far as it i* consistent with the Constitution of the United
States, and with the treaty by wnich the territory, as a part
of Louisiana, was ceded to the United States, is the su-
preme Jaw of the Territory; it is paramount to the power
of the Territorial Legislature, and can only be revoked or
altered by the authority from which it emanated. The
General Assembly and the people of the Territory are as
much bound by its provisions, and as incapable of abro-
gating them, as the Legislatures and people of the Ameri-
can States are hound by and incapable of abrogating the
Constitution of the United States. It is also a maxim of
universal law, that when a particular thing is prohibited by
law, all means, attempts, or contrivances to afFeet such
thing are also prohibited. Consequently, it is not in the
power of the General Assembly of Arkansas to pass any
law for the purpose of electing members to form a consti-
tution and State government, nor to do any other act, di-
rectly or indirectly, to create such new government. Every
such law, even though it were approved by the Governor
of the Territory, would be null and void. If parsed by
them, notwithstanding his veto, by a vote of two thiids of
each branch, it would still be equally void."
Well, Mr. President, surely that covers the
whole ground, unless there be something in the
organic act—the Kansas-Nebraska act—variant
from the act which incorporated the Territory of
Arkansas, of which I may say a word presently.
To my mind, there is, in this regard, no differ-
ence. The cases stand on the same ground, and
are to be governed by the same rule. If so, even
if this Territorial Legislature had called this con-
vention in the most solemn and technical manner,
and the people had elected their delegates to the
convention freely and lawfully, without obstruc-
tion, and all who were qualified had voted, who
chose to vote, and no others, still, a constitution
so made by such a convention, would possess no
authority. It would be simply a petition or a me-
morial to Congress for admission into the Union,
clothed with no higher sanction than an instru-
ment made by any other equally large number of
the citizens of the Territory.
We have, moreover, the high authority of the
gentleman who is now the President of the United
States. When the admission of Michigan into
the Union was under discussion here, Mr. Buch-
anan, who was then a prominent member of this
body, on this same question, expressed these
opinions:
u We ought not to apply the rigid rules of. abstract polit-
ical wicuco too ngoroiitOy to such cases. It lias been our
piactice heietofore to tieat our uifaut Toiritories with pa-
rental care, to nurse them with kindness, ami when ihey
had attained the age of manhood, to admit them into the
family without reqtiiung fioin them a rigid adherence to
lonns. The great queVuons to he decided ate: Do they
contain a sufficient population ? Have they adopted a re-
publican constitution ? And aie they willing to enter the
Union upon the trims which we propose? If so, all the
preliminary piocceduijjtf have been considered but mere
loims, which we have waived in repeated irisumccaj. They
ate but tile f-'catfoiding of the building, which i-of no fur-
ther u^e after the edifice n complete. We have puisiicd
tins eoutse in regard to Tennessee, to Arkansas, and even
to Michigan. No Senator will pietend thattheirTeiritorial
Legislatures had any right whatever to pass laws enabling
the pconle to cleet delegates t<> .1 convention for the "pur-
pose of forming a State constitution. It was an act of
usurpation on their part."
And yet, sir, notwithstanding those plain, di-
rect, and unequivocal averments, it is now insist-
ed, and pertinaciously insisted, that because a
Legislature has called a convention and that con-
vention has formed a constitution, we are bound
to take that constitution as embodying the will of
the people, and cannotgo behind these forms. As
1 said, I believe the first Territorial Legislature
was a usurpation, and we all know that usurpa-
tion besots usurpation, and only usurpation; and
thebaic linger of the offspring is frequently thicker
then the loms of the parent. What began in usurp-
ation stivngthencd m usurpation, and this con-
stitution, vauntmgly spoken of as it may be here,
as embodying the will of the people of Kansas, has
its origin m usmpaiion, and nothing but usurp-
ation.
It has, however, been intimated, and more than
intimated, that in the ordainc act—the Kansas-
Nebra-.lfa bill—power \va«s giv-n to the people of
Kansas to a more enlarged extent than was given
to these Territories to which I have been calling
attention. Efforts have been made to show that
the Kansas and Nebraska act was an enabling
act, so called.. This question has been answered
most triumphantly, as it seems to me, on both
sides of this Chamber. I do not propose to add
anything—I could not, however earnestly I might
attempt it—to add to the force of that answer. I
will say thisrhowever, Mr. President, that if this
claim was correct, if the Kansas-Nebraska bill
contained directly authority to the people through
their Legislature to call a convention and form a
constitution, and bring that constitution here in
order that the new State might be admitted into
the Union, I submit, with great confidence, that
it would be the duty of this Senate still to ask the
question, is this constitution acceptable to the
people who are to be affected by it? Nothing
short of an honest answer in the affirmative to that
question could justify us, even then, in taking
another State into this Union, no matter what was
the character of her constitution.
I repeat what I have said before, that no form
should be substituted foT the substance; for it is
perfectly within the bounds not only of possibil-
ity, but of probability, that a convention, called
ever so legally, formally, and solemnly, elected
ever so fairly, consisting of men ever so capable
and respectable, may after all fail in drafting an
instrument which the people who are to live un-
der it are willing to recognize as their constitution;
and although the people may either inadvertently
or deliberately—I care not which—bestow on a
convention the authority to make for them a con-
stitution without submitting it to them, or part,
so to speak, with the sovereignty which was in
them, and transfer it to a convention—--although
under such circumstances, so 'far as the people
themselves are concerned, if nothing more were
in the case, it might be the constitution of the
people, still, if, as in this case, a constitution so
formed has to come before another tribunal, and
that tribunal are bound by their official duty before
they admit the Territory as a State, under that con -
stitution,to bo satisfied that that constitution em-
bodies the will of the people, they are not justified
without first ascertaining that it is the will of the
people, notwithstanding all these forms. We are
to go behind the convention evon then, because
our duty is imperative. We cannot, unless we
are prepared to do an act of tyranny, impose a
constitution on a people who we know would not
accept it if they had an opportunity to accept or
to reject it. Granting all that is claimed in regard
t© this, granting that this Legislature, the original
one and the subseejuent one, have all been legally
elected,and are, to all intents and purposes, what
they purport to be; granting that the Kansas-JNe-
braska bill is an enabling act; that the census,
that everything, which, as I believe, is now act-
ually tainted with fraud and corruption, were all
sound; granting all that, we cannot, I repeat, un-
less wc are prepared to do an act of tyranny, im-
pose this constitution on the people of Kansas,
because we know as well as we know that we are
living men, that, if this constitution were submit-
ted to the people of Kansas to-day, a great and
overwhelming majority of them would repudiate
it, and trample it under their feet.
In this state of things, Mr. President, I care not
what forms surround this instrument. I for one
am not prepared to do an act which is despotic
and tyrannical, and shelter myself behind forms
and shadows which must prove unsubstantial.
Where is it found that this high tribunal is com-
pelled to submit to these technical, and I must
say, to some extent, absurd rules? Where is the
work on pleading behind which we can or should
shelter ourselves when we are performing one of
the highest—the highest possible—of our consti-
tutional functions, the creation of a new State, an
empire State, a State which I trust will uphold
millions of happy people when wo are all gath-
ered to our fathers? Is it in the text books of the
English or American law that we find any princi-
ple which controls this high tribunal in this most
important of its high duties* Shall we look into
Chuty, or Gould, or Stephens, and find some
technical rule of pleading which prevents us from
looking at the truth r I trust not.
Whether, then, we regard the Legislature which
called the convention as a legal or illegal body;
whether the organic act was an enablingact or not;
whether we regard the members of the convention
