1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
as having been fairly apportioned and legally-
elected, or otherwise; whether it was the under-
standing that the constitution, when prepared,
should be submitted to the people or not. the same
question after all comes back to us: is this consti-
tution the embodimentofthe people's will? That
it is not, is most conclusively shown from various
sources of proof. I need not pause to enumerate
them. The vote of the people on the 4th of Jan-
wary last, taken, let it be remembered, under the
authority of the Legislature of the Territory,
showed a majority against the constitution of ten
thousand and sixty-four votes. This surely will
convince any one who is not predetermined not
to be convinced, that the people of Kansas op-
pose this constitution.
The other day, under somewhat inauspicious
circumstances, I addressed the Senate upon the
objections that were apparent to me on the face
of this constitution. The honorable Senator from
Missouri, who sits furthest from me, [Mr. Polk,]
took occasion, in the course of his speech on this
subject, to allude to the fact that nobody but the
Senator from Connecticut had scrutinized the pro-
visions of this constitution, or claimed that it was
not republican. It may be that the honorable
Senator thought that so long as the objection was
confined to that source, it was unnecessary to
answer it. To disabuse the mind of the gentle-
man, should that have been his impression, I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate, and of
the Senator from Missouri, to certain facts con-
nected with tlffe admission of his own State into
this Union—facts which I am bound to presume
are quite familiar to that honorable Senator, but
had he recalled them to mind, he would not, as
it strikes me, have disposed of the objections
which I took to this constitution in quite so sum-
mary a manner, nor passed them by quite so
speedily as altogether unfounded.
The Territory of Missouri, Mr. President, me-
morialized Congress in the month of December,
1819,through their Delegate in the House of Rep-
resentatives, for authority to make a constitution
preparatory to their admission as a State into this
Union. The great question in both Houses of
Congress was, whether an enabling act, as it is
now, and was perhaps then called, should be
passed, giving to Missouri such authority, with-
out any restriction in regard to the subject of sla-
very ? The Senate passed an act of that sort,
without such a restriction. They added, how-
ever, to it, by way of amendment, a section pro-
hibiting domestic slavery north.of the line of 36°
30 in all the territory which was acquired by
the Louisiana purchase. This amendment was
made part of the enabling act in the Senate by a
vote of 34 yeas to 10 nays. The bill as thus
amended, was engrossed and passed. The vote
on the engrossment was 24 yeas to 20 nays, two
gentlemen only—Mr. Macon, of North Carolina,
and Mr. Smith, of South Carolina'—from the
southern States voted against the bill. Tiiat bill
went to the House of Representatives. They had
already passed an enabling act, but with a restric-
tion upon the j>eopie in regard to the subject of
slavery. They therefore struck out the proviso,
or rather the amendment of the Senate, prohibit-
ing slavery north of 36°30', by a vote of 159 yeas
to 18 nays. The House, for a time, persisted in
the restriction forbidding slavery in the new State,
but finally struck it out, by a vote of 90 yeas to
87 nays. They then concurred with the Senate
in passing the bill with an amendment prohibiting
wlavei y north of 3G° 30', by a vote of 134 yeas to
42 nays. The bill thus became a law, and went
into cfFuct on the Gth of March, 1820.
Up to this time, Mr. President, no constitution
was before Congress from the State of Missouri,
and it was a matter of conjecture entirely what j!
would be the character of the constitution which ]j
that State would adopt, it was believed that the
people would prefer establishing slavery witlnn
the new State; and this act, thus passed, was sup-
posed to give the assent of Congress to the form-
ation of «uch a constitution. It was the expecta-
tion of Congress, and of the country, that when
it should coine, as itdid.come the next session
of Congress, with a constitution, although there
might be a clause establishing slavery in the new
State, it would nevertheless be admitted into the
Union.
Congress came together in the month of No-
vember, 1820, and Missouri came with her con-
stitution asking admission. There was, however,
in her constitution, in addition to the clause in
regard to slavery, which was anticipated, arid
which had been, under these circumstances, con-
sented to, a clause making it the incumbent dilty
of the Legislature of the State of Missouri, after
this constitution should have been adopted and
the State organized and have a Legislature, to pass
laws prohibiting the immigration of free persons
of color into the new State. That feature of the
constitution of Missouri was regarded by a large
portion of the members of Congress in both
Houses as being an infringement of the provision
of the Constitution of the United States which
declares that the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to the privileges and immunitiesof citizens
in the several States; and although the contest in
regard to the question of domestic slavery in Mis-
souri was over and gone, a .contest arose in regard
to that feature of the constitution of Missouri,
scarcely less exciting than the original controversy
on the subject of slavery. The result arrived at
in the two Houses was this: In the Senate the
constitution was referred to a committee to ascer-
tain and report whether the constitution was con-
formable to the act, and whether, under those cir-
cumstances, the State was entitled to be admitted.
The Senate committee reported favorably. The
question on the passage of a resolution admitting
the State being before the Senate, Mr. Eaton, of
Tennessee, moved an amendment to the resolu-
tion, which was m fact a caveat, that nothing in
the resolution should be construed to imply that
Congress meant to give its assent, or in any way
admit the validity, of any clause in the constitu-
tion of the proposed new State which should in-
fringe at all upon the Constitution of the United
States. That resolution, so amended, passed the
Senate, and went to the House. In the House it
was referred to a select committee of thirteen, at
the head of which was Mr. Clay. The committee
reported in favor of the passage of the resolution.
The House, however, refused to accept the re-
port, and the resolution was lost by a vote of 80
yeas to 83 nays. In this state of things confer-
ences were had between the two Houses, and the
result finally was the passage of the resolve which
admitted the State of Missouri. I will ask the
Secretary to read that resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
""Resolution providing lor the admission of the State of
Missouri mto the Union on a ccrtani condition.
" Resohed bi) the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That Missouri shall
be admitted mto this Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, in all respects whatever, upon the fundamental
condition that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section
of the third article of the constitution submitted on the pai t
of said State to Congress, shall never be construed to au-
thorize the pissage of any law, and that no law shall be
passed in confoimity i hereto, by which any citizen, of either
of the States in this Union, shall be excluded from the en-
joyment of any of the privileges and immunities to which
such citizen is entitled under the Constitution of the United
States: Provided, That the Legislature of the said State,
by a solemn public act, shall declare the assent of the &aid
State to the said fundamental condition, and shall transmit
to the President of the United States, on or before the fourth
Monday m November next, an authentic copy of the said
act; upon the receipt wheieof, the President, bv proclama-
tion, shall announce the fact; whereupon, and without any
further proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission
of the said State uTro this Union shall he considered as com-
plete."
Mr. FOSTER. That resolution was passed
by the House by a vote of 87 yeas to 81 nays,
and also in the Senate by a vote of 28 yeas to 14
nays. Now, sir, what 1 want to call the attention
of the Senate to in this connection is this: the
feature m the constitution of the State of Missouri,
it will be noticed, was one simply requiring the
Legislature to pass certain laws, excluding per-
sons of a certain class from coming within the
jurisdiction of the State, and that provision was
deemed so obnoxious, that Missouri could not
obtain admission into the Union until her admis-
sion was qualified according to the terms of that
resolution, making it incumbent upon the, people
of the State, through their Legislature, to assent
to an entire abrogation of that provision. Con-
gress did not assume the right of amending that
constitution, or stating how it was to be construed,
as I understand gentlemen very gravely propose
to do here. They did this: they made the adrms- ;
sion of Missouri dependent on the fact th$t the
people of the Territory, through the Legislative,
in fact through the convention, should conkeat'to'
erase the obnoxious feature from their constitu-
tion; and Missouri did it. Otherwise, noil constat*
she never would have been a State of this Union;
certainly she would not under that resolution.
Now, Mr. President, when I took exception
the other day to the feature of the constitution of
Kansas which said, in express terms, no free black
shall be permitted to live in this State under any
circumstances, the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri disposed of it in the unceremonious man-
ner I have described. I think, in view of these
facts regarding his own State, the objection is not
got rid of so easily. If Congress, in 1820, would
not admit a State until they abrogated a provis-
ion saying that the Legislature should pass a law
excluding free blacks—if that created so much ex-
citement then, and if the result to which I have
called attention was arrived at then, I beg to know
whether the fact that this constitution for Kansas
contains so obnoxious a feature as this is not an
objection entitled to some weight? So thought
the Congress of 1820. 1 repeat again, the feature
in the constitution of Missouri was much Jess
obnoxious than this. If Congress, in 1820, re-
quired the abrogation which that resolution did
require of the State of Missouri, prior to its ad-
mission, a fortiori should we require an abroga-
tion of this clause in the constitution of Kansas
before that State can be admitted, or that Terri-
tory, more properly speaking, can be admitted as
a State.
The question then, and now, is wholly inde-
pendent of the question of slavery. Why, sir,
many of the men who, at the session of Congress
ending in the spring of 1820, voted for the bill en-
abling the Territory of Missouri to form a consti-
tution preparatory to her admission as a State in
effect tolerating slavery, afterwards uniformly
voted against the admission of Missouri under the
constitution which she brought, not on account
of slavery, but on account of this clause. Mr.
Storrs, of New York, a leading member of the
House of Representatives, having few superiors
in that House or the country, was one of that
class. He insisted that free blacks were citizens;
that there was no distinction among native free-
men, whatever their color, in this country, so far
as citizenship Was concerned. So thought many
other leading and distinguished men, and the con-
trary was very faintly asserted by anybody.
True, it was by some, but it was not resisted on
thatground. Members, and distinguished mem-
bers of the House, insisted upon it that granting
that free blacks were citizens, the State ought to
be admitted and Congress could not take excep-
tion to that clause. The great majority, however,
thought otherwise. 1 will not pursue this subject
further, except merely to add that on this ques-
tion of citizenship, which has latterly become a
topic of great interest, I say so faintly was it as-
serted in any quarter at that time that free blacks
were not citizens, that Mr. Hemphill, of Penn-
sylvania, said that lie understood the report, rec-
ommending the admission of the State, to admit
that free blacks were citizens, although a major-
ity of the committee were, of course, in favor of
the admission, and spoke, it may be presumed,
the opinions of their party. I am by no means,
however, disposed to go over the ground which
I went over the other day, and should not hav>
alluded even to this had it not been for the remark
of the Senator from Missouri
I come to the result, then, Mr. President, that
the constitution before us is not an embodiment of
the people's will; that it contains provisions not
in harmony, but directly repugnant to the prin-
ciples on which our Government rests; and for
these reasons this Territory ought not to be ad-
mitted as a State. What excuses are urged why
it should be admitted? There are many. Among
them are, it will give peace, calm the agitation,
quiet the troubled sea on which we are now tossed.
Mr. President, it is not a statesmanlike reason
for doing a legislative act. We should be just
and fear not. Besides, I do not believe that the
passage of this bill, and the admission of this
Territory under this constitution, will give peace
—nay, sir, I believe it will give the sword. I do
not urge that as a reason why we should not pass
