1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ftSl
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to inquire whether
my friend from Maine admits that the President
may send the Army into the State of Maine, or
into any State, and station it there, unless he is
called upon to do so, not but what the President
has the right to send the Army to any portion of
the country when he has been asked to do it? But,
sir, has he the right to send the Army into the
gentleman's village or town and quarter it there,
unless he has been called upon to do so ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The President
of the United States has the power to send troops
wherever, by law, there has been provision made
for quartering them, wherever there are military
posts or reservations; and I thought I should be
so understood, without the trouble of qualifying
my language. My opinion is, that the President
■would have the right to station troops in the Ter-
ritories; for in all of them we have already estab-
lished military posts, and they are themselves
the property of the United States.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Maine to this proposition
before leaving tins part of his argument. The
President of the United States, by virtue of his
office, is clothed with the power of Commander-
in-Chief of the Army. That, I understand, in-
vests him with the right to direct the movement
of the Army to whatever place the public service
may require it to go. The gentleman makes the
objection that the President cannot call out troops
in the States for the suppression of rebellion and
insurrection. Is it not true that this exception
is for the preservation of the sovereignty of the
States—that he shall not send troops into the
States for the purpose of suppressing domestic
insurrection and rebellion, without the consent
and authority of the States—and without any in-
tention to abridge the right of the President to
send troops to the Territories, and anywhere else
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal
Government?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The President
of the United States has authority to use the Army
of the United States wherever and whenever, by
law, he may; but when Congress makes a law he
cannot go outside of that law. No matter what
are the reasons for the law, no matter what is the
occasion of it, he cannot step beyond it. I think
the reason why the lawdid not extend to the Ter-
ritories was because its framers did not intend
that the President should have the authority to
make his own occasions for using the Federal bay-
onets against its own citizens, in its own Terri-
tories. I think that is the reason why there was
this omission in the act of 1795. One reason for
the requirement in reference to States may have
been that which the gentleman has suggested, but
while Congress was keeping the rights of the
States in safety, I think it did not overlook the
rights of the people of the Territories.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman a
question. Suppose his position to be true that the
President is not authorized to send United States
troops into the several States of this Union; but
suppose that in violation of his duty and his right,
he does so send them, I wish to know whether
that confers upon the people of the States in which
they are sent the right to levy war upon the
Government of the United States, and to make
forcible resistance, and to drive them out by vio-
Icncc ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There would
then be at most one illegality against another; a
case of cross-illegalities.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman hold
that the people of the several States of this Con-
federacy have the right when the Executive vio-
lates the law, in their opinion, to resist him by
violence? And if so, who is to be the ultimate
judge between them ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have been
talking about Territories and not States, but to
answer the gentleman's questions, I suppose that
the people have some rights; and, sir, 1 must say
that if the President manifestly, palpably, steps
beyond the law and wholly outside of his power,
the people, in that case, are not bound to stand
quietly and be shot down by a despot, by one ex-
ercising a power never granted to him. In such
case the President would be no more than a tres-
passer, or if it comes to killing, a murderer. Does
the gentleman denv that?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
whether he predicates that upon the legal
of the people or the ultimate right of a revolution
which is beyond and above all law and all consti-
tutions.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
people have a pretty good right to resist any il-
legal interference with them, no matter whether
on the part of the President or any of his offi-
cers; a right recognized by Jaw, too, though one
must be sure where he stands before he resorts
to it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will cite a precedent, a distinguished pre-
cedent, and one, I have no doubt, which will be
acknowledged to have force by the other side of
the House, as it comes from high Democratic
authority. During the Dorr rebellion, in Rhode
Island, the President ordered troops there. The
Democrats complained, and took the distinct
ground that it was a violation of State-rights for
him to march troops through that State. This
was Democratic doctrine then. It was Democratic
authority that the President, without the con-
sent of a State, could not march troops within its
limits.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Just see what
the doctrine shadowed forth by the gentleman
from Tennessee would lead to. The President is
to be the sole judge, and whatever he does has
the vigor of law, and no man can resist the gross-
est usurpations without subjecting himself to pun-
ishment—simply for resisting a known, admitted
wrong-doer. The President has the Army, and
he may use it where and when he pleases, whether
he have authority under the Constitution to do so
or not, and no man has the right to call him in
question. If his marshal breaks into the gentle-
man's house, commits burglary, would the gen-
tleman from Tennessee think his answer a good
one, that he had the President's authority for so
doing? I ask the gentleman whether he believes
himself in the doctrine intimated in his interrog-
atory ?
Mr. Speaker, there are in this country two
great dangers to liberty; one the Supreme Court
and the other the Army. Of the two, I think the
Army is most to be feared. It is itself, a power
for the execution of its own designs. If we are
wise and faithful we will resist all attempts un-
necessarily to increase it, for experience has shown
us that when once increased it is impossible ever
again to reduce it against the immense power and
influence brought to bear against a reduction.
The safety of the people is, not to increase it.
Our strength and defense is, and must be, in the
militia of the country, composed as it is in my
section, of the active, the intelligent, and the
brave, the vigorous, educated laborers of the coun-
try, of all men the most efficient and useful that
I we have. They are equal to all occasions, as
good for fighting as for other employments or en-
terprises, easy to be called out when their aid is
required, ready to act, and in my unprofessional
judgment, the very best soldiers that can be pro-
duced; for in an army of such, behind every gun
there is a living soul, an intelligent, patriotic man.
On such, sir, is our dependence in all cases; and
we may ever rely on it. The relations of these
men to society are not to be illustrated by calling
them " the mud-sills of society;" a better figure
would speak of them as the corner-stone of our
institutions. They will do the thinking and the
voting, and the fighting too, for their country, so
long as it shall be a free country; and when they
cease to do so there will be no longer a freeman
within our borders, and the republican of this
land, if republican there shall be, will breathe his
prayers and aspirations for liberty in faint whis-
pers and suppressed sighs. Sir, other classes of
men we may spare, for their places will not be
long unsupplied, but the intelligent laboring men
of this country, from whose ranks the mihua are
formed, are the men on whom our republican in-
stitutions must forever rest, and when once they
shall be broken down I know not by what power
they are to be reproduced.
<• Princes and lords may flourish or may fade;
A breath can make them, as a breath has made.
But a hold yeomanry, their country's pride,
When once destroyed, can never be supplied."
Mr. CURTIS. The bill of the majority pro-
vides for just that kind of force.
Mr. WASHBURN, uf Maine. That is true.
The bill does so provide, and in that respect it is
right; But I think: there is ho-necessity forany
increase of the Army. If I believed there was
any such necessity for the purpose of suppressing
the rebellion or quelling disturbances in Utah, I
would vote for the raising of volunteer regtmeitt#
very cheerfully, provided power could be granted
to the President to use the force for ihis-purpio'se-;
but I do not think there- is the sfigiitest occasion
for it. There is, as 1 have shown", no contingency
in which the volunteers or the Army carl be used
in Utah; and there is no probability that any such
contingency will exist, as the law now stands; '
And, sir, there has existed no exigency in which
the President had a right to use the forces of the
United States in Kansas. There is only one pos-
sible event in which he can use thera under the
forms of law and with a pretence of the authority
of law; and that is this: Suppose this Congress
should admit Kansas as a State under the Lecomp-
ton constitution; and further suppose the free-State
men, who compose nine out of every ten of the
people of that Territory, should say, as they must
say, and act as they should and must act, if they
would not be disgraced forever and ever—theft,
sir, and in that event, the President will tie called
upon Dy the Governor—Ms Governor Marshall—
or by the slave-State Legislature there, to send
the Army of the United States to Kansas, to shoof
down our people, because they resist a constitu-
tion in which they have had no hand, and which
is most hateful and abhorrent to them.
Sir, I will not vote for an increase of the Army
that is to be used in any other w&y than that
known to the laws of the land. Nor will I vote'
for a force that is to be used in fixing-upon a peo-
ple a constitution which they have not formed,
and one which no people ought to hatfe in Any
event, no matter by whom formed. I hold that
the people of Kansas would be justified in resist-
ing this constitution from its intrinsic defects, as
well as from the manner of its formation; and I
believe, too, that we here have no right to vote
for the admission of Kansas under that constitu-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question Of order.
The gentleman's remarks are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mains
cannot now discuss the propriety of the'admission
of Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am discussing
the question of the increase of the Army; and it
seems to me that my remarks are directly perti-
nent to that question. How is this Army, when
increased, to be used ? Is it to be used to enforce
on the people of Kansas a constitution not re-
publican in form, and to which they are utterly
! opposed ? I submit to the Chair that that line of
! discussion is in order.
| The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the gen-
} tleman, in his remarks, to assign reasons why ha
j shall or shall not vote for the admission of Kart-
\ sas. It may be competent for the gentleman to
I discuss the condition of affairs in Kansas in ref-
. erence to the increase of the Army; but certaimy
! not as to the question of the propriety of voting
i for or against the admission of Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. One reasow
[ why I shall vote against an increase of the Army
l is, that the Army may be used and-is likely to be
I used in Kansas, for what? For doing What I hold
j to be wrong. If what itisintended to do be right
i I ought to have no objection on that account; but
| if it be wrong, then I ought to have objection; and
I desire to show that it is wrong.
I I was saying, Mr. Speaker, that I believe the
1 Army ought not to be used in any contingency, to -
maintain "this constitution—thai it is not repub-
lican m form. The seventh article of the consti-
tution declares that the right to property is before
and higher than any constitutional sanction; and-
the right of an owner to his property in slaves and
their issue is of the same character.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman cannot discuss the question of the
constitution of Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well, Mr.
Speaker; I do not want the Army of the United
States to be used for the purpose of enforcing -a
constitution which I desire to show very briefly
was one which ought not, under any circum-
stances, to be made, and which a free peoples eah
not submit to. But if I am out of order I will
pass from it. _
I have not come to the determination, which. I
