1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
145
Senate.
at Minnesota, dissolving the convention called to
frame her constitution, each party segregating to
itself, and determining by itself; yet what Sena-
tor thinks these matters of momentous concern,
or any cause of care and solicitude? What sec-
tion or what State in the Union has been frenzied,
or agitated, or disturbed by these outrages and
enormities? None, sir—none. The revolutions
of Mexico or of Europe disturb our repose quite
as much. The reason is obvious: there is no geo-
graphical or sectional issue there; ihere is no ne-
gro implicated. But, sir, the introduction, or the
attempted introduction, of his head into a Terri-
tory of this Union seems to be regarded by the
dominant party of the northern States like the
wand bound round with wool, which was carried
by the ancient Athenian herald—a declaration of
war.
Why was the passage of the Nebraska-Kansas
act resisted so strenuously ? Because it permitted
the introduction of slaves into that Territory.
Before that act had passed, an organization of
members of Congres's was formed with a view of
controlling the destiny of that country by emi-
grant aid societies. The most noisy, active, and
efficient agents of that party repeatedly declared
that they intended to colonize Kansas with men
" who could not do without the aid of that asso-
ciation;" " to be retained in its service;" " to be
under its control;" " to be bound by it;" "to be
under bonds to make Kansas a free State." To
wrest from the South every foothold in that Ter-
ritory, all the means have been invoked which
fanaticism, avauce, ambition, hatred of the South,
ot lust of dominion ovr it, could suggest. The
western nation in the twelfth century wore not
more grieved that the Iloly Land was in the hands
of the Moslem, than this party were, or affected
to be, that Kansas, " a soil consecrated to free-
dom," was opened to the immigration of the
slaveholder. Ministers of the Gospel, like Peter
the Hermit, traversed the North, inflaming reli-
gious zeal, and arousing Christian crusaders to the
lescue of that consecrated soil from the sacrile-
gious tread of the slaveholder. Political leaders
aroused the lucrative desires of the North by
highly-colored pictures of the exhaustless treas-
ures and the incomparable charms of her virgin
soil; or appealed tothelustof dominion, the ven-
geance of mortified pride, or the indignation of
insulted justice against the violations of plighted
faith, the aggressions and the outrages of the
" slave oligarchy." In the madness of their
zeal, or the bitterness of their hate, they declared
that if they failed to expel slavery from Kansas
by moral means, they would do so by fire and
sword. Such a declaration in the northern Re-
publican convention at Philadelphia was greeted
with tumultuous applause. Such were the weekly
and Sabbath-day counsels of the Beechers and
Parkers, who disgraced the northern pulpits and
dishonored the cause of the Prince of Peace they
professed to advocate. Such were the daily men-
aces of the leading northern Republican papers.
Such were the repeated suggestions in the form
of prophetic admonitions to the South, uttered by
Senators on the other side of this Chamber.
Sir, the Free-Soil party in Kansas have fully
illustrated the principles and purposes of their
advisers and advocates in Congress and in the
Notth. In their first meeting to call a convention
to frame a constitution, they solemnly resolved
that the laws of that Territory were without va-
lidity or binding force, and that they would resist
and defy them, even to a bloody issue, if they found
that peaceable remedies would fail. Governor
Reeder, addiessing that party, declared " wc must
conquer, or mingle the bodies of the oppressors
with the oppressed upon the soil which the Dec-
laration of Independence no longer protects." The
president of the Philadelphia Republican conven-
tion of June, 1856. declared " such a rebellion was
sanctioned by God and man;"and he but echoed
a sentiment we have often heard uttered upon tins
floor. Hence, in accordance with the edicts of
the New York Tribune, whose power over its
party is superior to that of an}'- individual, if I
may except the distinguished Senator from New
Yolk, [Mr. Seward,] who is sometimes hon-
ored with the sobuquet of " the Wizaid of the
North," tV-y continued to 41 pour free settlors
into Kins is, well armed with Sharpe's rifles or
NK\v —!Vo. 10.
other convenient weapons." Hence they refused
to coalesce or to cooperate with southern men,
in elections either to the Legislature or the con-
vention. Hence their secret organizations, their
formation of military companies, their prepara-
tion for war, and their attempt to establish an in-
surgent government. These men went to Kansas
not so much to build as to destroy a State; not
so much to organize as to disorganize; not to
promote order, but to produce disorder; not to
vindicate acknowledged rights, but to avenge im-
puted wrongs; not to meet in the peaceful contest
of the ballot-box with southern brethren, but to
engage in hostile encounters of the cartridge-box
with southern enemies. They went, in the lan-
guage of the same NewTork Tribune, " not for
commerce, but for vengeance." They went to
meet southern " enemies," "vandals," "a
dishonorable and perfidious privileged class,"
" heartless, grasping, and tyrannical robbers."
Such were the characteristic names applied even
by Senators to southrons, or at least to slavehold-
ers. The President truly characterizes this con-
test in Kansas, when he says:
"The dividing line there is not between two political
parties, both acknowledging the lawful existence of the
Government, but between those who are loyal to tins Gov-
ernment and those who have endeavored to deeuoy its ox -
istence by force and usurpation—between those who sus-
tain ami those who have done allm their power to overthrow
the teiritorial government established by Congress."
The President is sustained in that assertion by
the declaration of Governors Denver, Stanton,
Walker—of all the Governors of that Territory.
Ho is sustained by the confessions—yea, by the
bold avowals of that party themselves. He is
sustained by the very convention which assem-
bled to frame that Topeka constitution, and by
the manner of its presentment here. A conven-
tion, called in pursuance of no enabling act of
Congress or act of the Territorial Legislature; in
accordance neither with Inderal or territoriul ex-
ecutive authority; in obedience to no expressed
will of the people, but called by audacious and
violent party leaders, representing, according to
their own confessions, as expressed by the Free-
Soil papers of that Territory, but seven hundred
out of near seven thousand voters—this conven-
tion, representing but one tenth of the voters of
that Territory, undertook to frame a constitution
and State government, and sent that constitution
to Congress for admission into the Union. They
were so inflated with the spirit of rebellion that
they even insulted Congiess in their memorial
while asking its favor, and renounced Federal
authority while invoking its sanction of their
work, by declaring that a territori.nl government
was unknown to the Constitution, and extra-con-
stitutional, and could not remain in force against
the will of the people living under it. Thus they
asserted their will to be paramount to the laws of
the United States, and their right to enter upon
the public domain, and to annul all the laws of
Congress, to be beyond all question. Yet, sir,
this constitution, thus presented, met the ap-
proval of the northern Republican party, I believe,
in both Houses of Congress. They passed a bill
to admit Kansas under this constitution through
the House of Representatives, and it received the
favor of all the Senators of that party. Thus en-
couraged by the approbation of their party m
Congress and throughout the northern States, I
am not surprised that these men should have con-
tinued to this day in an attitude of rebellion and
defiance against the Federal Government. These
are the men, or " the people," who oppose the
admission of Kansas under the Leeompton con-
stitution. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Potto-
las] understood and portrayed their character
truly in his report and speeches during the last
Congress. Governor Walker understood and pre-
sented them truly in his communications to the
President, and the President faniv portrays their
character in the paragraph which I have read from
his message. Shall we, sir, defer to these mal-
contents, faeiionists, and rebelhonists r Shall we
refuse to admit Kansas because of the opposition
of this faction, dignified by the nenie of parly, or
the people of Kansas r If so, whv shall we do it;
Not because there was no enabling act passed;
no; becaufe they want ihe requisite population
tor admission into the Union; not because the
question o\ cahtng aconvej'tioo <<f Uie people v.ms
not fairly submitted; not because the law presid-
ing for a registration of voters was not regaScv'
just, and fair in all its provisions. Nor, pfhlfik,*
because that law was not fairly executed; for'ihe
Senator from Missouri on my loft, [Mr. Polk,]
in the able argument made by him the other day,
showed clearly and conclusively that if that law
was not fairly executed, it was not the fault of
those who made it, or those who endeavored to
execute it. He showed that in some counties
where no registration was taken, there were no
voters to register; others, where no registry was
taken, were attached to adjoining counties and
formed one district, in either of which counties
they might have been registered, or might have
voted; and that in a few counties no registry was
taken, because the free-State party woulu not
permit it. In the language of Governor Stanton,
" they resolved not to take part in the registra-
tion; and we may well attribute any errors and
omissions of the sheriffs, to this well-known and
controlling fact."
Sir, there are but two objections made to the
admission of Kansas, in my opinion, worthy of
consideration—the only two which involve any
question of principle. One is, the whole constitu-
tion was not submitted to the people. I am sur-
prised to hear this objection preferred by Senators
at this day, with the experience affordeel us by
near seventy years of republican government.
No support for this objection can be derived either
from the practices of our States or Territories,or
from the genius and theory of our governments,
or from any legislation of the Congress of the
United States. In the younger and purer days
of our Republic,constitutions were not submitted
to the popular vote. Ti}ie Federal Constitution
was adopted by a convention of delegates, in the
first instance, trom the several States, and after-
wards by delegates m conventions in the several
States. It was never submitted to the popular
vote. Neither of the original thirteen States sub-
mitted its constitution to a vote of the people. A
majority of the States now in this Union adopted
constitutions without ever submitting them to the
popular vote. Precedents and authorities are
numerous to sustain the course of the conven-
tiomsts at Lccotnpton, in declining or refusing to
submit the constitution to a popular vote. In my
opinion, they would have acted in stricter accord-
ance with the spirit and genius of our institutions
if they had not submitted it, in whole or in part,
to the popular vote. Our governments are repub-
lics, not democracies. Thepcople exercise their
sovereignty, not m person, at the ballot-box, but
through agents, delegates or representatives. Our
fathers founded republican governments inpief-
erence to democracies, not so much because it
would be impracticable, as because it would be
unwise and inexpedient for the people themselves
to assemble and adopt laws. They weiesatisfied
from reading, and from reflection, of the truth of
Mr. Madison's observation about pure democ-
racies, that they "have ever been spectacles of
turbulence and contention; have ever been found
incompatible with personal security, or the rights
of pioperty, and have in general been as short m
their lives, as they have been violent in their
deaths." They knew from the examples fur-
nished by Greece and Italy, that it is impossible,
m a pure democracy, to remove the causes or con-
trol the effects of faction; that an absolute ma-
joiity is oftencr swayed by passion than by rea-
son ; that its voice is oftener that of a demon than
of a god; that it is the most cruel, rapacious,
intolerant, and intolerable of all tyrants. They
knew that it is a wholly irresponsible power;
acknowledging no superior, for it is itself su-
preme; owing no obedience, for it is its own
master; respecting no authority, for it is a law
unto lUelf; subject to no contro'l or restraint, ex-
cept the still small voice of conscience, which is
loo often drowned in the tumultuous waves of
party or of faction. It might sacrifice public good
or piivatc rights to any ruling passion or interest
of the hour, with impunity. It had robbed tho
rich to relieve the poor, and oppressed the poor
to aggrandize the rich., with equal ardor or indif-
ference. It, had ^ ofcod hemlock to-day and statues
to-ino.rtow, to its bef.t citizens. Th<jy suffered no
ni'ui to he a judge in his own case, h-sr lie should
! ■ biasi-d by passion or by h.teresu and could
